' doctorjuice hey ! :) with the variables you mentioned i think the right side data might be seen as enfp ! ... still enfp and entp are cousins ... i imagine we can mimic eachother ! try casually observing ... emotionalme yeah hope you aren't too disappointed but i don't really feel like he's one of my peeps lol ;-) like bobdaduck said he's very animated and intense at the camera while still being able ... this isn't based on eyetracking but your facial and body language is very fe ! chwoey hey ! i think from the eyetracking research she matched up with infj ... compare amy lee from evanescence ... and isaac , lead singer from the fray ... @fotomoose @aizar sea hey ! sorry , the weekend was super busy . :) you all have given wonderful advice ! you're awesome ! i have seen evidence of what you say about ... im sorry you're going through this ! i agree with edwins hubble that he probably thinks he is giving commitment to you and the wedding is a formality . it may have been easier to get him to ... thanks ! strafen yeah , he does love to solve problems and he often does so with everyday things . also with cars . he can spend hours researching things that are exciting puzzles to him . thing is that ... mmm you do sound kinda intp lol ... my dad is one . and what is funny is first time he took the test he came out as intj too . but later discovered this was close but no cigar . did you know bill gates ... hahahahahahahaha ok i see . thanks for those tips ! and yeah ur right i've totally witnessed the grasping onto distractions thing ! lol would you say that enforcing a routine would be best ? short ... verdant hollow good points ! but i would also like to mention that individuals that have high fe often have smiling eyes that look kind of like this ^ _ ^ when expressing themselves to others ... yeeaahhh i am sorry it's not a simple question lol :-/ yes math and ged is one of those things . basically for all points of issue-there is a general acceptance that it needs to be done ... hi ! i have infj family and you guys are strong and delicate at the same time.you can endure a lot . but believe that so many are in the same boat as you and feel the same way . don't forget that many ... hey ya'll ! strange question kind of ... if you , an infj that is , had to be taught something ... or made to do something ... how should this be gone about ? how do you receive instruction best ? let's ... cudibloop looks like the people vote enfp so far ! :-) so looks like my theory will have to be stored away for now lol ! this was first thoughts by hornet . :) ( i think ) looks in favor of n so far ... all in twilight it seems in the world you are describing that injustice would flourish and people that go without are not desiring more and therefore no improvement would ever be made in society . no ... ok , i think i see what you are saying . so maybe another way of looking at it is being satisfied with what you have instead of trying to ( for example ) be rich and get to where you think you need to ... this is true . unless you are defining love in a shallow way .  ... and ... all in twilight ummm ... so are you telling him that this relationship could never develop into something great ... cool thanks ! i mean ... yeah it is kinda vague ... but better than nothing . we are similar in many ways and some of the things being described after looking again i didn't really identify with but ... let's get some other s in on this theory / frame of mind . cause i've been looking at it and things are falling into place ... not that you still couldn't be xnfp ... but i am not sure that definition ... mmm how do you define se ? because my friends don't all spew it ... infact i at first thought the opposite ( i mean si ) because of the mismatched way many of them dress ... ( center of attention is se ) as long as i can bring a camera hahaha ! but dude that is hard . there are still some classic places i wanna see in usa like grand canyon , all of the beautiful desert scenery in the southwest , ... hahahahaha this is why i can't be with a fellow enfp :-p infj ! ! ! jayyy hahahahahahahaha right ? ? uhhh yeah ... three words ... clumsy ... clumsy ... michael scott ! hahaha ever watch the office ? michael scott is like a composite character but he has gotta be part dumb enfp lol all those awkward ... okay ... maybe you all will shoot me down ... but i've been thinking about this a little and it suddenly dawned on me why we may be having a problem here with conflicting personality traits ... ... wouldn't fe come to someone's rescue ... ? fight to protect ? i've never treated someone like that in my life ... i don't think i'm capable of it ... ok well the person would have to be horrible yeah i usually like music by infjs too . the personalities i get along with make music i can get hahah ! like i forgot to mention lead singer of the fray is infj too ... the bassist from ... i think ... i wonder if other enfps do that ... because i don't really change friends a lot . but maybe that is just me . but don't worry many nfps have this problem ! we literally the most ... amy lee - infj regina spektor - infp or enfp eddie vedder - infj chris cornell - intj i have an esfp friend ... she is all of the things mentioned above , spunky , fun , creative , crazy haha ... on the negative side she is irresponsible , late to the extreme , can be ... this is so true . i am not skilled at typing people alone . but i have seen others do it with great success . so ... i am learning . the test ... not consistent . because the way each individual views ... wow ! 8-/ the world would definitely benefit if they would listen to us insightful people ! ! seems like too many will never ... ever ... get it . so if they dont want it they dont get it ! i know a few infjs and its interesting that many of you also have found people targeting you for counselor or psychiatrist duties ! haha do they seem to just find you ... like they shouldnt even be ... hey ! i was just thinking about how some people just seem to let themselves get walked over by others . never say no . and then the other extreme where some people have very large / sensitive ... sorry about the double post guys ! i didn't know right exactly , none of them actually know their eyes are being studied in particular . also the data coming back from both in person and by watching a video ... also different people conducting the ... yup sorry . very sorry . i'm new to posting stuff kind of . guess someone has to do it lol wouldn't you agree that integrity in your work affects the product ? i kind of see it as all the same . but it isn't up to me to defend the idea because the data does the work for me lol . don't be ... absolutely ! neither do i :) i also do my research this entire post proves my point . you have no idea the extent of research they have done . infact noticing the very lack of random occurences would be a quick finding if you actually tried looking at ... i apologize if i came acoss harsh . i have seen too many people act like they could be the only authority and without knowing what it is that you have worked so hard on they proceed to deem it ... hahahaha wooowww ! you sure showed them ! after all that intp ( who was doctorjuice , right ? ) admitted to doing exactly what pier said he thought he was doing ... and how he needed more data like all ... ... hahahahaha well no reason to be stereotypical lol i get along with a lot of sensors . and to be fair esfps are very lovable and seem to have less annoying qualities ( at least to me lol ) than ... dang my friend so resembles that ! and what everyone else is commenting . is it true guys that you've had to play counselor to an esfp ? like after they created a situation ? ? ? so yeah i love ... i can like it . good bass good rhythm fun ... maroon 5 , rihanna , beyonce , train is kinda pop now too lol i do love trains new songs . :) soft rap is cool too . i like mexican rap . :) but pop is not my ... oh and the dick van dyke show ! '