' it might seem like a good idea , but there will always be a need for a complex infrastructure to petition to get names on ballots , fund candidates , and just do the necessary things that campaigns need ... i lean on my cold rational side heavily , and have since after college i'm not planning on voting for hillary , either ... there is another choice , we just have to choose it because if people start to think businessmen should be running the country , the political establishment will all be out of a job . they are afraid the government is going to be handed from the ... ... a scientific explanation for why i am so distressed and disgusted by ted cruz : https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-fallible-mind/201601/why-ted-cruz-s-facial-expression-makes-me-uneasy he wouldn't be controlled by the man behind the curtain because he is a man from behind the curtain ... trump is just cutting the middle man out and giving the government to corporations ... he wants ... trump 2016 : when karma decided it was done screwing around https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBBGPziGR-4 as a gift ? i dunno like 12 million dollars . i figure i'll lose 4 mil to taxes , then still have enough to live without worrying about money for the rest of my days i feel that way about guys who are douches , guys who always have to know about other peoples business ( especially their relationships & their girls ) , and any guy who has to perform , & be the center ... hard for me to second-guess big decisions since i almost never commit to making big decisions , and when i do decide the commitment is so low it's honestly embarrassing lol i can't tell when i stop manipulating and start being genuine anymore extremely manipulative , to a fault ... sensitive and vindictive . i find myself getting absorbed into the what ifs and imaginations of winning a lottery prize , only to be , as one might expect , disappointed . i am also prone to gambling in general because of my ... i'm polite , most people compliment me for being smart , not so sure they are correct , but i'll take it donald trump is running for president of the united states as opposed to bernie , who supported bill clinton ’ s war on serbia , voted for the 2001 authorization unilateral military force against terrorists ( aumf ) , which pretty much allowed bush to wage war ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eS3AZ12xf6s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pKn0-Hkebxs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfT7hQ8SL5w https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IEOOMEPbxtg ... that's how i see it at the moment yes , and you can see all of his long-form solutions and clearly-defined policy proposals in their entirety here : bernie sanders bumper stickers | car stickers , decals , & more it's a great idea for hillary , because at 74 , there's a good chance sanders isn't going to survive 4 years as president . dude is seriously 74 going on 85 trump is a joke that never gets funny fair enough , i'm just suggesting that in very homogenous , small countries , things like economic and healthcare reform seem easy , but they don't have to deal with the challenges of very large , very ... germany , and most of europe are some of the most homogenous areas of the world : worlds apart : uganda tops list of most ethnically diverse countries on earth while south korea comes bottom | daily ... i took pride in almost never being sick as a child . i was a very healthy child . i sometimes desired to be sick just to miss school and break up the routine ! also , germany taxes like crazy . try getting a 42 % tax on a $ 60,208 salary passed in the usa , because again , that wouldn't fly in at least 2 of the 4 regions i mentioned above . germany's tax rates ... germany is twice the size of california , by population . in other words , it's california , texas and florida ... germany has 1/4 the amount of people as the usa . germany is also geographically smaller ... when has bernie ever even hinted at nuance or any kind of small compromise on his platform ? his platform , plain and simple , is just a list of principles , and a lot of policy ideas that might work ... worth a read , since we're arguing whats the difference between democrats and republicans ( don't worry it's not too offensive to either ): this is what makes republicans and democrats so different - ... bfa : graphic design graduated in 2007 , economy collapsed in 2008 , that industry never really recovered like it was before that . design careers often lack upward paths and have a lot of lateral ... not for me ! i'm zaftig . i have only been skinny a couple of times . teenage years , then late 20s . trying to get back as we speak . have been struggling for the last few years with a compromised thyroid ... edit : debunked male gemini it's ruthless , nasty , shameless , and destroys everything in the name of profits and power . the same thing i do every day - make a futile attempt at normal , give up , and wonder what went wrong ... i laugh at absurdity and comics like steve martin and david letterman ... i also love to laugh at puns , simple wordplay and math jokes ... i'm kind of a nerd like that . i hate the winter too . same reasons . i am torn between fall weather in nc which is , by all accounts , perfect , and blazing summer weather with afternoon storms . those two would be my favorites , though . i like mountain biking and riding my bike outdoors ... just being outside away from civilization and people ... today i hate everything about me . i hate the way i look , sound and act . i hate every decision i have made that has left me a fat , out of shape , ugly , dirty lazy worthless sack of crap . i hate the way ... haha not where i expected this thread to go , but welcome , new infp male ! my interests are cycling , printmaking , music , tennis , and technology ... my hobbies are riding bikes , playing tennis , and doing ... razorback pig yes , it does , and it also reminds me i am still very childish . i have to admit i am really in the mood for some porn tonight gasoline , permanent markers , mineral spirits , varnish , pretty much anything that probably kills you if you inhale it this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F-S0T4xTdLY i got your not shy right here picking out new glasses ! - a set on flickr that's a bunch of photos i took when i was picking out glasses ( and growing my hair out ) the pick i posted in my other post ... i like the red ones for you ... and these are the ones i wear : 56817 ... there might be nothing more aggravating that someone without a job telling you you should get a second job , or someone who is terrible about spending money unnecessarily telling you to stop buying ... not to be confused with baby mama drama i don't know how you guys get along with y'alls mothers , but i have a tumultuous relationship with mine . do you guys get along with your parents ? esp ... '