' i wish i were less emotional or just have simple emotions . i wish i were more comfortable in social setting so people wont have comment like your shy and so quiet , getting tired of it . i wish ... i do the other way , i usually wait for him to make up his mind , but i will tell him what i think and want , sort of influencing him of his pre-decision making or helping him to see the whole picture , ... yup , i know what you meant , sometimes i tend to tell over and over again a particular issue if i wanted to convey my point until the person get it but not to control but making sure he understand ... i was never controlling to my husband , most of the time i will let him to decide , if i agree then there will be no issues , but if i don't then we always try to compromise to each other and will try ... my significant other is an intj so i will try to answer this with all fairness with him . no feelings - maybe its in there but most of the time its not palpable , not visible and not recognisable ... i would agree with curitaderana , for me if i feel stress out i tend to hibernate and not communicate to people specially if there are lots of things going on and the person that i would communicate ... i am married to one , i tell you they can be a puppy dog , he he , in a good way always wanted to be around , cuddling , snuggling and very loving . one time he cried because we both got on the same plane ... i am married to an intj and base on my experience its not that you don't feel a certain emotions or not sensitive about something but as what cookie monster said , i think its more of how you react ... i like coffee , shower and just lay down and relax or just hang out with bunch of kids and just enjoy the freedom of being me and not forcing myself to socialized , i guessed it's shallow because a ... oh my ! i thought you are really supposed to say that during love making , hahaha , i just got married 1year ago and i never had any experienced besides my husband so all i know is that is part of the ... if its my friends then i don't have a problem starting the conversation , but if it is in a social setting then i would probaby say hi then let the others do the talking and me the listening and just ... 1 . ) have no trouble getting guys / girls , - i guessed coz i am already married 2 . ) get approached at least 6-7 times a week , - not sure about this , got married after 9years of waiting 3 . ) make ... i think infj's are mostly reserve and quiet but once we let ourselves be friendly to thers they are genuinely drawn to us and there is an instant likeable personality that people can't just ignore , ... yup for sure , i feel exactly the same , i would try to communicate once but if don't get the attention i would wait so as not to bother them if they are busy . thanks a lot ! : laughing : , thanks ! i wonder why ? ummm .. im back but kinda feel lost in the crowd but i really like my skirt so im fine right now , : happy : . this is just a silly suggestion but still i will share it , maybe you can ask your closest friend or someone whom you can really trust and ask them to kick you in your butt really really hard , ( peace , ... i think all people are special and almost all of us wanted to have that kind of feeling , but for our type we are more into creating that atmosphere and internalizing it . its a good thing if we we ... wow ! thanks for the insights appreciated it . anyways , intj and infj are both stubborn and always think they are right , the former because of reasoning and logic , the latter because of psychic or ... well i lke who i am personally , :) , but there are times that i feel overwhelmed by my emotions , lol , to the point that i can't understand myself too . sometimes i am hoping that i am more logical , or to ... they said that intj is the counterpart of infj , both are perfectionists , with strong sense of privacy , are system builders , intj for academic , science and engineering . infj for morals and values ... why are few ? is it because we are special or we are dangerous if many ? : laughing : serious or not serious answer , or even out of this world reasons will help to enlighten the cofused soul . :p roud : ... talking about emotional euphoria , this is a poem i wrote few years back , just wanted to share . i am lovesick ( i wrote this poem asking the question .. can we really trust what we feel ? my mind ... i think its more of protecting our existence because we know our own weakness , you know huge emotions , and being able to deal with our own weakness is kind of also protecting the people around us , so ... i think one of the reasons why we are sort of protective is because part of what we feel depend on the emotions of those around us , so in order for us to remain sane and in control of our huge ... hi , nice to meet you , also a pinay . :) very interesting thought , its provoking , its intense but makes it more confusing , : laughing : . i think you will win the poll . congrats in advance , he he hi , : happy : hi , thanks a lot , i'm sure you are right . : happy : hi , i'm also new , and still lost . : happy : ? . i would appreciate if you will elaborate it.how is it possible that a cold is warm ? my brain can only accomodate and process one thought a day , : laughing : . well , i dont like melted chocolate much , its messy , its sticky and can increase your sugar level , : laughing : , but i get what you mean now and i like the offer , and you guys are really nice . i have a ... i think what we feel is empahty , we tend to feel the need of other people even they are not telling us , and those feeling that they have that we carry in us is a tool for us to do something to help ... wow love the quotes , the chocolates and the gummi bears but im not sure if you guys are trying to welcome me or to scare me away , lol , you are all very warm , : unsure : , thanks wow ! i think i like to stay here for a while people are really nice , lol thanks , mr . mastermind : happy : hello every one , it said that i am an infj base on my test , there are lots of things that i don't know but i am very curious and interested . i think i belong to the endangered ones : unsure : , lol.thanks ! '