' he definitely likes your presence / you . i'd say go for it if you like him or strongly friend-zone him if you don't . okay .. so i test as either or .. when i get intj i have 100 percent in i and t but low n and medium j . in high school ( freshman ) i am not so good at school and i don't read books a whole lot ... they were together for 8 months and have been broken up for over 3 ... so i met her about 3 weeks ago and we went on several unofficial dates but yeah she asked if i liked her i said yes she said ... i'll happily eat alone .. the only thing is .. you look stupid eating at a table meant for ten people .. its good because i have time to think .. it can be very fun if your both paying attention to your phone . im gonna try to make conversation .. hopefully i can without something bad hapenning yeah ! thanks , i think it was just what needed . a school where you can do whatever the hell you want .. if you want to learn , you learn .. right now theh make people who dont want to learn be in a classroom with people who do .. it just is stupid .. bring back the whig party ! whoop whoop ! so , what does it mean when your with an enfp and her friends and when she see's a random guy she gets excited and will say that he is attractive even though she knows nothing about him ... am i ... well , its frustrating sometimes .. well , i go to a small private school .. so i have pretty much done that : s today i looked up while she was talking to others and she looked into my eyes .. then i looked away and she stopped her talking and said directly to me , what do you want from me ? why do you keep ... ... you know your an enfp women when you can relate to all of the above ; . ) well she flirts but only through subtle things like body language .. she flirts with other guys and is touchy feely with everyone except me .. though everyone else are extraverts what does it mean ? oh , because my name is ross ... lol she is good . who is rachel ? : s i've always been a intj .. ( im in highschool though ) maybe you are an intj with a high f . yea , im also trying to initiate some coversations or something with a enfp .. today i gave her a compliment and she said ' thank you ' it was in front of the class so idk ... but i need to think of a ... new word ! ;D thanks everyone ;) im gonna think of some clever things to say and hopefully i will get a chance to say them aha ! keep the reply's coming though , they are really interesting / helpful :) beef jerky ? hmm .. i know an enfp and im kinda obsessed with her . but even if she doesnt like me that way i really would want to be her friend because shes just that amazing .. :) im an intj male in highschool and im pretty sure the one i like is an enfp .. now there should already be a instant ' bond ' due to the fact of our mbti types . so i will catch her looking at me and ... i haven't snogged yet .. ( in highschool ) .. but i think cuddling is nice they need to change from dark to regular .. not regular to dark .. regular to dark is just stupid ! stephen sorry , nope . i need a pair of teleporting sunglasses then i will make you the underpants hmm .. clarity i have no idea what your talking about but thanks for the article to read .. :) i can make you them , but first i need something from you .. ahaha my avatar has nothing to do with my personality , i just like black roses .. i think they are beautiful .. ( red roses are nice but too common ) . im actually a upbeat person who doesn't talk a lot ... isfp maybe lol i don't know though im a rookie it is because we don't talk a lot as introverts but when we do it is usually intellectual ... becauseof your extravertedness you probably habe your moments when your extremely intelligent but then come ... im not sure if this is mbti related , but im in highschool and it seems like no girls my age are attracted to me .. either they are 10 years older or 3 years younger she can't be avoiding me .. she brushes up against me and says short comments to me but never intimate convos .. so they are usually awlward . but like i said she'll brush up against me in the hallways ... i know one and she is touchy feely with a lot of guys , ( mostly all ) , except me . i don't know why though .. do you guys act different around the guys you like ? hey ! .. i am a freshman in hs .. hs is easier than middle school in my opinion and it shouldn't be hard to make friends .. especially in boarding schools .. ( if you have a roommate , you will have ... i think being anything other than heterosexual all has to do with the influences of your childhood .. well .. goodluck finding one .. im not the best at typing people but the facial expression part is a good sign ( based on what i do ) he obviously likes you . i avoid people i do not like .. an intj initiating contact means they like you atleast as a person / friend . i know one and she always smells nice ... so . i text her but i know that estp's dislike texting so whenever i text her she only responds with quick answers and no questions .. what are some signs that a estp likes you and what attracts ... ok , so rant about what parts of socializing you find the most difficult .. obviously small talk , i am completely awkward .. then when meeting new people , or people that i know in general i don't ... hmmm .. well , i guess i should feel stupid .. but i don't . i expressed my opinion towards some religions . even if i am not educated and maybe was wrong about the muslim part ( which im sorry if i was ) i ... i believe some religions make the world a better place .. like christianity , because it has good morals and ethnics .. but then there are some muslim religions where you believe it is your duty to kill ... first off , - personal space haha yes :D taneka hinton the great one pulpfictionfan i have a brother ( i dont know his type ) that i tried to stab once .. good times taneka hinton that's tough . something like that would be in my mind until the grave .. actually i think i would forget about it when i find someone else ;) '