' let's be detached together . : wink : ( i do think that should be our new tagline or something . anyone want to suggest it to the mods ? ) seriously , i get what y'all mean ! i am horrible with connecting ... yes , i do think it's possible , especially since hobbits would fit the sj values of tradition and following the rules . a lot of that still shows through bilbo , despite him going on an adventure .  ... what do you guys think ? get out of my head ! : laughing : i can totally relate . like another poster wrote , it's usually for simple things that people who go meh . about . but i tend to obsess over it . yeah . i think we tend to be passive aggressive , depressed , uptight and probably quite controlling at times . it's usually the people closest to us who get most of the anger . i love the night for various reasons . i think the sims is for pretty much anyone ! i'm an isfj and my favorite game is the sims series . breaking the magician's code is one of my favorite tv shows . in this day and age , it's so easy to excuse or label everything as camera trick or special effects . but when you realize that these ... i'll probably hang out with the person i work with the most . clubbing ? me ? : shocked : uh ... let's just say i was forced to go at gun point . yep . anyway , i would just sit around and be super ... i can't speak for everyone , but for me , it depends on the connection i feel with the person . if we're on the same page , even if we have drastically varying personalities , we can get on like a house ... creative writing : good . math : don't . even . go there . physics : meh . chemistry : boderline . stress . certain christian music . i saw a musicvideo about nuns once and basically bawled . just seeing these young women give up their lives for god was so beautiful ... i think it is a particular problem for isfj . the desire to be liked and accepted sometimes makes us over accepting of other people's fault and flaws . we also try to fit in with them , give more of ... i think pope francis could be isfj . he seems to prefer action over words . his teaching is by example , his example of humility . it is indeed befitting that he should follow pope benedict , who was an ... i love the smell of rain . :) but i'm not fond of strong smells , like air fresheners . makes the place smell off if you ask me . yeah , i do imitate behaviour at times . strangely , it doesn't help at all for me to blend in to crowds . i tend to blend in to the background . oh , hell yeah ! i'm completely like a turtle . i don't venture out of my comfort zone , and i tend to be slow at picking up things . well , things which i'm not good at or have no interest in anyway ... no , i meant only the first four . it would be indeed crazy to take on all eight , and i don't think anyone on earth can do that . hold a torch from afar . oh no , not at all . i find intuitives intriguing , and i'm also trying to improve on my n . i do think that a well-rounded person will use all his or her functions , even the weaker ones . i guess it ... marmite ... ... mind in the eyes * results : 31/36 most isfjs would get high scores , because this is a quiz on agreeableness , or how well you read / relate to people ! :) in the beginning of great expectations by charles dickens , magwitch ( pip's convict ) threatens pip , saying he has a friend who cut out little boys ' hearts . i knew that wasn't true , but after reading ... hi , thanks for making this thread . :) yeah , i've noticed most of the bias against isfjs . besides boring , simple and not introspective , we also get labels like bossy , and authoritative ... to me , critical thinking is a mix of discernment and analysis . the ambiguity of not knowing does sound slightly unsettling , but i actually find it enlightening . i can only speak for myself , but ... i think this is related to fe . i've been known to do what kerokai does , which is trying to present a solution as to why the person is behaving in a certain way . i'm not defending them , but just ... and i think he has the adventurous spirit of the esfp . do you remember when he was in venezeula , it was one of the hottest days and they were travelling upstream ... ? hmm , maybe he's an esfp ? so he would be a se-dom . he notices things but doesn't necessarily make the connections . describe ( if you can ): your appearance ( clothes , hair , make up etc ) my style is quite simple-jeans and t-shirt . i usually wear blacks and white . my natural hair is jetblack , and i'm happy to ... hell yeah ! if i have one thing to thank globalisation for , it'd be pancakes . :) isfj gryffindor poirot - isfj . hastings - esfx miss lemon - istj . japp - estj . http://imworld.aufeminin.com/manage/bloc/D20110307/american-pancakes-1-123448_L.jpg omnomnomnom . feel free to be jealous now . ^ _ ^ i weep because i'm not a speshul snowflake . i burnt my pancakes today . i had no choice but to throw them away . ( but thank goodness two came out well-and they were yummy ! ) i happen to agree . isfj it is ! we should make a poirot thread , because i'm curious about the other characters ( hastings , miss lemon and chief inspector japp ) but i don't want to derail this one too ... i was always an isfj . yay , another poirot fan ! i think poirot is more of an sj . he describes the imagination as something frivolous and not based on facts . he's also always on schedule , needing his tea at certain times , ... wow ! cool beans , i saw two faces first . don't worry , you're a perfectly normal isfj . :) your fears and inhibitions are actually a product of inferior ne . it's our type's archilles ' heel . when confronted with a new situation , we tend ... i read somewhere that hermione is an infp . she doesn't mind not ' fitting in ' , she's very passionate about causes like the house elf rights , and , frankly , she can be rather tactless at times . she ... i'm not a n-dom , but this happens to me all the time ! i'm always seeing shapes in random things , kind of like how people would see shapes in clouds . 1 . omnivore isfj . isfj : i don't like kids . i'm generally bad at hands on work . i have a super power that i burn almost everything i cook . i'm not a touchy feely person . i don't really show my emotions . what do you think is cinna's type ? i like the guy a lot-he's such a fatherly figure to katniss . i read the books after watching the movies . i personally feel that the movie katniss is a thinker , while the book one is more of a feeler . perhaps it's the environment that she's had to grow up in ... you'd think they would keep the chef around at least a couple of weeks . actually , i've heard the other way around , that math and science are more geared to the sj types , at least , in high school . in college , of course , math is more for the n types . i'm also not good at ... i agree with you here . mbti is a theory and theories aren't set in stone . i am very clumsy and absent minded too . i can be chatting about something and then i'd forget it . : tongue : sometimes , ... '