' 6-9- 4 . i think all three of those types are pretty common amongst infps so it's probably a common tritype too . i don't think you can ' change ' tritype as such once it's developed but depending ... advocate , caregiver + explorer . 6w7 , 9w1 , 4w3 infp . not sure how the two line up really but i think the overall picture describes me ( do-gooder who wants to impact the world but has a lot of self ... any positives about so 6 ? : tongue : also , allegiance could also be to counter culture ideas and not just a mindless following of the accepted system , no ? reason i'm so curious is because i think ... could you expand on this one ? i think you also recently said on here ( correct me if i'm wrong and it wasn't you ) that so 6 was the most boring type so i'm interested in your overall impression / ... i think i would be too much of a jealous person for it to work and also i consider myself lucky to have one partner who loves and cares for me as much as mine does and i can't imagine being lucky ... 6w7 4w3 9w8 sp / sx ^ _ ^ <sup> http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxygqSTO1lQ&feature=kp http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZrVmcQgCXvA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOmZimH00oo i'm not sure i hang around enough for someone to correct me on my typing . ~ however ~ i have just reconsidered my instincts and decided on so / sp instead of so / sx , which is what i previously typed as ... my hunches would be : film ( play ) blanche - esfj ( esfp ) stanley - estp ( estj ) probably influenced by the fact that mb's an estp . stella - isfx mitch - infp maybe . i agree with joseph's ... woah , it's no big deal ! my friend applied for university and then decided he wanted to change and go to one nearer home ( and nearer his girlfriend ) . it was too late for that when he decided so he ... http://media-cache-ec0.pinimg.com/736x/1f/d4/ba/1fd4ba73117e00f6483a0e7dfdb0da3d.jpg often i find the things people a most insecure about are my favourite things about them . i know someone who hates their cheek bones but i think they look stunning . i think big noses are very ... peacemaker soul you strive to please others and will compromise anyway you can . war or conflict bothers you , and you will do anything to keep the peace . you are a good mediator and a true ... i'm currently studying theology at university . i'm probably going to go into teaching it . i'd prefer to teach students aged 16 + but we'll see . :p roud : there's a difference between passing a joint round at a party and smoking it everyday . personally i sit in the former camp . i drink heavily ( rum ^ ^ ) and will smoke weed and cigarettes socially but ... this post further confirms my image fix being 2 > 3 . i agree with all of the 2w3 points . another to add which originally convinced me i was mistyped as a 3 - fixer was the fact that a 3 will be ... i don't really have any enemies ( such a 9 thing to say ) but one person who i disagree with a lot is my brother . i think this is odd since he's a 1w9 and i'm a 9w1 and so you'd think we wouldn't be ... sf . i feel like that's the core of me and the i / e and p / j are just elements of me . also , on tests ( which clearly aren't 100 % accurate ) i commonly score esfj , esfp , isfj and isfp . the only constant is ... i was the same when i was 16 . i'm now 19 and still haven't had a proper relationship but have been on dates done my fair share of kissing . : tongue : guys weren't interested in me at all when i was ... i'm for them being sps . istp came to mind first for me but all sps fit ! swordsman , these threads are really great ! recently i've been doubting that i'm sp last since i relate to both sp last and sx last and different parts of so / sp and so / sx . after reading these , ... i'm an isfj and am neutral good but i imagine more stereotypically sfjs would be lawful good . sticking to stereotypes i'd say , lg : sfj , some nfj and a few fp ng : nfj , fp , some sfj cg : enfp , ... would you have preferred it if i swore at you or just told you that you were wrong ? i was trying to be nice and point you in the direction of how to find your type without being too critical or ... you relate to / admire the gentle sidekick more than the hero of the story . : blushed : http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_liqka7aWqO1qep49qo1_500.jpg the amount of fail in this thread is immense . yes , you can develop cognitive functions but if you use ti then improving your emotional iq will not make you a feeler . if you use ti you cannot ... 1 . do you like to wear a cap ? no , never . 2 . what brands of running shoes / sneakers are your favorite ? ( max 3 ) nike free runs . 3 . female question : how often do you wear high heels ? most days i ... star trek is for everybody . everybody should watch it ! personally i love it way more than doctor who but i don't see a pattern of p vs . j . i think any type can enjoy it but maybe different ... well i got life path 8 and it does sound vaguely like enneagram 8 . shame enneagram 8 is the type i least relate to . if you only need one exception to break a rule to prove that it's logically ... a lot of people go through difficultly finding their type . i'd guess very few people here found their type straight away and a lot of people you see on this forum who are 100 % confident of their type ... what made you change your mind so radically ? you've not only changed your head type but also your image type which currently is but no longer would be your core . it'd make more sense if you'd said ... benevolent creator you are a creator your imagination , confidence , willingness to explore , and appreciation of beauty make you a creator . using this and only this , i love the sx / sp guy the most . it's something about his stare . it's intense but mysterious and doesn't give away as much as so doms or even the sx / so guy . if i had to ... i physically recoiled when i saw the titles lotr and a clockwork orange on this list . how dare you . apart from that i agree with most of what's said ( avatar , avengers , inception , mulholland ... well with te being your highest you'd be some sort of tj . your si and ni are equal so it could go either way there but you seem to prefer intuition so it's more likely ntj . because both ni and te are ... isfj slytherin . ^ _ ^ i think shining is more of a supernatural thing rather than a cognitive / ni thing . i also think halloran would be enfj . i also don't think jack is controlling in a te sort of way but definitely ... 9s are actually pretty common ! i guess they can be pretty hard to spot so sometimes you might know a 9 but not know they're a 9 . i think 4 , 5 and 8 are rarest though we seem to have an abundance ... my song of the moment : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-nGLqXZ-f70 i had a lover ; i don't think i'd risk another these days . i also like the occasional classical piece : ... isfj atheist . this blog post pretty much sums up what my reasons would be . i used to identify as agnostic but a run in with a few particularly bad christians made me realise the importance of ... i had to take a lot of notes very quickly in my english lit class so all their names were shortened : hammy , claud , gert , polo etc , haha ! i actually see a lot of fe in him . his moral conflicts are ... i think my instincts can be explained pretty easily . firstly , i had quite a sheltered childhood and never had to worry about any sp related things . naturally , as i got older and especially now that i ... so : 39 sx : 33 sp : 29 pretty balanced all over , really , but that's the order i'd put them in . i was nodding in agreement when it got to the bit about the netflix dvd and completely lost it at the game of thrones bit . much better and more accurate than the usual , serious introvert myth ... uh , see how long it takes for sjs to notice ? to notice that every time you click it , it comes back ? i'd imagine it'd take two clicks . one to notice the reaction , two to establish the pattern . i ... i got esfj on the test . hope the data works out for you and be sure to post the app here when you're done ! the main complaint about my handwriting is it's so small : 73996 ( taken from my class notes . it's a philosophy of religion class if you're trying to decipher it ) here's a special , neatly written , ... uh , if it was a relationship they cared about surely everyone , and not just isfjs , would get upset by this ? my logical reaction would be that if they don't think we're working then there's not ... woah , someone resurrected an old thread . uh , if anyone's still interested , i go to one of the top universities in the uk so not ivy league but a similar ranking to brown / notre dame according to ... i got into depression after having major anxiety and a panic attack . i'd never really felt stress up until that point and didn't know how to deal with it until i exploded , basically . i found ... of course , you're assuming one is born intro / extraverted and that cognitive functions are innate . it's possible that this stuff is primarily socially constructed so in a society where one has to ... most of the time estp translates to a reckless asshole who will ruin your life and screw your girlfriend . esxjs get a lock of bad stereotyping , too . '