' mbti : intp enneagram : 6w5 alignment : lawful neutral instinctual variant : sp / sx hogwarts house : ravenclaw star sign zodiac : leo sun , aquarius moon , gemini ascendant chinese zodiac : metal horse ... my sister did the same thing to a guy that she really liked and had fetched my mom too to help her with her english , he was the one that initiated talks with her , she had sent the friend request . she ... you should ask her yourself what's this about . and don't pressure her from the internet , she'll take it as stalking for the moment . a common friend should do . if you tell her she blocked your ... mbti type : intp pet ( s ): cats picked by : er , the mother came on her own , at some point gave birth , the neighbours cared for them since she was hiding in their side of the garden , there were four , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9UcyGfy1ZQ my main problem on this test was to pick between te and ti ( step 2 ) . i'll probably switch to te later in life , but for now , yeah , always intp . hal 0hal0 , aus 2020 , snowbell , turlowe this should probably be moved ... whatever . but i consider the possibility of him being extrovert instead of introvert much more likely than him being feeler instead of a thinker . so far the only legit argument he has shown for ... he never thought he's an intp . he tested as an intp from filling an official questionare created by people who have studied personality typology for years , not some random internet test , but believes ... because the people who think you have autism are so gonna read this page . : rolleyes : so you have social skills . bravo . so do 99 % of ts . btw , i'm sorry you had to go through this . my brother , who is ... who's happier ? exfxs or ixfxs ? discuss . note : i'm not talking about the cognitive functions fe and fi . you're an intp . you tested as such . i'm an intp too and i don't like math . onto your other points - that ' s because of your inuitive preference . i repeat myself , i know , but as a fellow intp i have ... i always thought it weird , how now that you're lending us money and you're making a profit , in contrast to all the money that went into our coffins for decades now , which are real hard money you ... miniblini what is that thanks supposed to be maybe , you are ? i want to know btw i am greek just saw eliziumi is a greek too . didn't expect to see another greek , much less one so soon ... * writes out a response on how literally door-slammed someone out of pure absent-mindness * * sees it was meant in a metaphorical sense * oh i registered an account simply to answer this question too . oh , you've been here since 2013 , nvr mind then . of course i do . shouldn't it be esfj . since we are all judging deep down and only pretend to be tolerant and open-minded . and i just realised i'm the biggest hypocrite ever ... buy an apartment and rent it . sure money . but not instant reward i guess . my mother is an enfj . when she had fights with her mother , who lived with us , and is a isfj , she sometimes would say i'm going to take the car , and i don't know what's going to happen to me . she ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hez6tDpiWDA had to take a screenshot from a video . http://oi68.tinypic.com/wgztxe.jpg no , that's not just you . according to my parents i would go and pet other people's animals and lay on women's laps when they got me in the waiting rooms of doctors . and of course whenever we went ... hello and welcome to the forums . i know two other people with epilepsy ( both males ) , one is a chef and in a relationship , and the other is a university student . i like them both . btw those forums are ... my favorite is full metal alchemist . otherwise i like one piece , liar game , shingeki no kyojin , koe no katachi , skip beat , silver spoon , tower of god , the gamer , magi , in no particular order . i watched pride and prejudice just for the nostalgia factor . revolution , by jennifer donnelly broken wings by john e . douglas , mark olshaker they were on sale for five euros each , lol . bought a couple of others , but they were in greek . why hello . i took the mayers briggs test a couple of years ago , and was astounded at how accurate it was ! however , where i live ( greece btw ) , those types of tests are not very popular , and i had not ... my brother is an infp , and his favourite artists are eluveitie . i can't post videos yet , so i'll write down the specifics . armin van buuren feat . sharon den adel - in and out of love father intp mother enfj ( best match according to keirsey ) grandmother isfj ( mother's mother ) brother infp me intp intp ravenclaw pukwudgie '