' to time-travel to the future year 3000 and see what the world would look like ... the technological wonders ... or to go back to sept 11 2001 to see what caused the twin tower crash ... i love debating because i think it is the best way to learn / extract more information from the other person ... using my ne i can see both sides of an argument but sometimes i deliberately choose to ... if we add a point called infinity to a real line it behaves like a circle . real projective line - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia it can be also seen that the map : f : x -> 1 / x maps 0 to infinity ... good one ... you might be right ... his atom bomb letter does point to his mastermind side ... classification of these famous people together with this estimated frequencies of types - capt.org might be a way for certain groups to feel special if they are a small percentage of the ... how many boyfriends / girlfriends a had before the age of 15 ? if answer is 0 maybe intp , 1 intj , 2 highly extroverted entp : laughing : ... i dont know about entjs ... how many hours during the day do ... i found a website that says that out of the 72 questions in personality test based on jung and briggs myers typology 20 questions are enough to completely determine the mbti functions ... answers of ... maybe if he 100 % of one type its possible to figure out with 3 questions ... but if he a borderline then we have a problem .. i dont know the questions ... maybe others can figure out 3 questions that ... one question is to find whether a is introverted / extroverted ... if he is introverted then he is either ni-te or ti-ne similarly extroverted ne-ti or te-ni the next two questions would be to ... the only information you are given about a person a is that he / she is a nt ... a doesnt know anything about mbti or cognitive functions .. you are allowed to ask only 3 quick questions to figure ... intj ? ... or entj ? if an entp laywer is anything like my entp friend the opposition would hardly get any chance to present their case at all ... opponents would be totally dazed and confused ... intp-can find logical loopholes entp-constantly adding new facts / ideas to the debate that can overwhelm opponents easily intj-logical , shrewd , strategists entj-i dont know any entjs personally ... i ... its a sensible answer but the correct answers are ... inside - 99 , outside - 101 ... thats why the answers surprised me ... i was trying to solve it in two ways : 1 . how many circumferences of the ... but how does your partner being physically attractive help you ? ... how does an intelligent gene not a good / healthy gene ? with other animals its understandable they need physical strength to ... yes and no ... i found some poll ... it found that males are more likely to go for physical attractiveness than females ... anyways i dont believe these polls ... why is it a human nature to look for ... damn it .. i should have used the word imagine instead of if ... but does living / dead it make any difference ? it is very unlikely that a living celebrity would spend an entire day with us .. well with ... someone in your hall of fame ... who would it be ? what would you talk about ? edit : hope there were no previous thread ... advanced search returned nothing .. in social sciences , i can easily see how the approach of a nf scientist might differ from nt ... because of the differences of motivation of f and t .. but in an abstract field say mathematics or ... as far as i know troposphere , stratosphere have very low temperatures so heating might not be a problem unless he is moving at warp speed ... we might need a streamline design for the suit ... or you have ... which one would go for during dating ? .. a timeless question both would be a good option ... but if you can have only one not the other ... which one would be your priority ? we thank something we like or agree with ... but why the unthank button ? ... is it just for the case you press thank by mistake ? there should be like / dislike buttons like youtube ... bbc news - huge arctic fire hints at new climate cue an exceptional wildfire in northern alaska in 2007 put as much carbon into the air as the entire arctic tundra absorbs in a year , scientists ... this is my state of mind on an usual day 9am / 10am - switched / powered on 10am - 2pm - quasi-active 2pm - 4pm - hibernate 4pm - 7pm - quasi-active 7pm - 2am - high gear 2am - 6am - powered off 6am - 9am - ... what would happen to the world if people would start wearing t-shirts with their own mbti type written on them ? do you think there will be group-ism based on personality types ? dont you think ... ... are you pointing out that intj are arrogant pricks : tongue : .. poor leibnitz .. had he known about mbti then ... more so the intjs .. now that i think more about it , it looks like the dead guys ... what makes you laugh ? is it tickling ? is it your own jokes ? or it it this one : 1/2+ 1/2 =( 1 + 1 ) / ( 2 + 2 )= 1/2 ? ( creative stupidity ) is it more of a : smile : than : laughing : ? or nothing makes ... the m tv culture is trying to promote the word like in all sentences in every possible way ... but i am not sure if it is more of a way of joining two sentences in place of and or the mass media ... a nf mathematician / from physical sciences would approach a problem just as a nt , since there are no people involved ( unless nfs have feelings for electrons also ) ... how can we decide someones mbti from ... most websites classify einstein as intp , newton as intj , feynman as entp ... how do people know the mbti type of someone who had died long ago ? biography / their writings might shed some light ... but ... lady sherlock homes we are so much dependent on these things ... wondering what intps used to do before pc / internet were invented ... they must have been more bookish ... must have much more active sex life : laughing : ... since ne can connect apparently unrelated things ... to convey ideas through analogies / examples should be technically our strong suit ... if you try to convey a complicated idea to someone and if you ... yes thats the problem with the exotic ... i just prefer to put it inside inverted comma ... in us there are people of various ethnic backgrounds ... hence the word exotic is totally inappropriate for ... looks like someone didnt buy my ufo story ... i sincerely apologize for the off topic threads ... the only excuse i have - i was drunk yesterday ... i should admit that i posted some of the ... thanks ... how do you search very small words in advanced search ? ... that search didnt return any results how do you move a thread to another forum ? how does eel taste like ? looks like nothing is exotic for you .. can you recommend some - brazilian , turkish , spanish and mongolian dishes ... also how do they taste like ? at different points of time people report seeing ufos ... they even have some photos to support their claims ... is that an artifact of the media ? or some secret military project ... like the ... i love to go to some exotic restaurants whenever i get a chance to visit some big cities ... ethiopian and tibetan are the most exotic i have ever been to ... what i mean by exotic things you dont ... why the hell did you send the monkey into the space ? : crazy : definition of badass : urban dictionary 1.ultra - cool motherfucker 2.the badass is an uncommon man of supreme style . he does what he wants , when he wants , where he wants . you won't find him on ... does this thing have anything to do with any of the above posts ( thermocouple ) ? or this is a random physics thought or this is one of your eureka moments or a way to bump up the thread source : urban dictionary 10chars an abbreviation for 10 characters . it is used as a method of bypassing 10 character limits in forums when your post would have otherwise been too short . it's ... if your philosophy is : if you give a man a fish he eats it for a day , if you teach a man to fish he eats for a lifetime , then i think all of you are looking for these concepts : microcredit is ... i just want to remind you that the straight line on the surface of the earth is still a circle ... they are the most active humans on earth ... but doest hurt to see some drunk naked girls running frantically ... i wonder how much the cleaning lady hates to clear up the mess after each party ... in the gym i am yet to find a single person who runs on the track in the clockwise direction ... 1 . is it because americans drive on the right side of the road ? ... if you face a track you can ... thanks for the information ... actually in recent times there are really very few ground breaking ideas from google compared to the size and technical power it has ... it bought its way into the social ... thanks for the post ... the philosophy to quantify something which is perceived ( the common word is feels like for heat index ) is just weird ... what is more peculiar is the weather predictions 10 ... do you use still microsoft windows ? why hasent the monopoly of microsoft stopped people from using windows ? ... sometimes useful things are created unintentionally ... this might be one of them ... '