' i don't understand how people see hermione to be an isfj . i don't think luna is a feeling type . bob - istp linda - exfj gene - esxp louise-entj tina - infx what do you think ? age : 18 location : usa - florida job : student , unemployed , searching relationship status : in a relationship meandering career : forensic science - - crime scene analyst hobbies : surfing the internet , ... their fluidity in being able to articulate and verbally communicate ideas . i just recently lost my cat that i had for over 10 years , it was one of the hardest deaths i've dealt with emotionally . do you in general feel closer to animals than you do with people ? cats good beer stimulating conversations an interesting book cold weather ! ! ! i wear a lot of corduroy pants and blouses without patterns . quick goodbye hugs are the only consistent hugs i receive . you know , the ones you get when leaving a get together or a hangout with some acquaintances or friends . i don't dislike hugs but they ... - 5 ' 4 - 115 lbs , athletic / curvy - reddish blonde hair , long + wavy - large hazel eyes - glasses - small straight nose - olive skin tone - very few freckles - square face shape - high cheek bones let's to bar hopping ! your hair looks like shit i need to get away from you - i ooo and aww and squeal over cute animals , i am most affectionate and emotionally expressive with animals than i ever have been with people . in a nutshell : for those who are familiar with ted give me some of your opinions on the conferences you've watched and list some of your favorites . mother - esfj dad-istj bring it to florida - michael pitt - alison lohman - emily browning - gaspard ulliel i am not emotionally retarded . an oscillating fan december 13th ~ don't do it . 1 . do you believe in god ? i believe there's a possibility . 2 . do you hate intj's like me ? no i don't . 3 . what is your greatest fear ? not succeeding . 4 . what do you do for a living ? i don't understand what kind of responses you're looking for .. its hard for me to disassociate your stupidity from the rest of the story . yes , the cops treated you unfairly .. but your recklessness , ... i don't ass kiss , unless i know by me doing so i'll benefit from it . i tend to be honest and assertive with the people i deal with and usually they appreciate that more than if i pulled the other ... i don't have many friends ; i prefer it that way . my boyfriend as well as my best friend is an infj and my two other closest friends are entj and enfp . i click the best with infjs and nts . i find it ... my response to these compliments : ... thanks ... i like your shirt ... heh ... i like : - infjs - intjs - entps i would never consider an interest such as the mbti to be an embarrassment . i have no problem discussing it with people because more often than not they enjoy learning about it . hmm .. complex random ! ! ! kisa.ca/personality try that one , if you haven't already . you are a super amazing individual and you're mines ! hmm ... entp infj , enfp , entj , entp , 39146 i haven't changed my wallpaper in so long though i see it as loving to debate , people accuse me of being confrontational all the time ! ... (: - writing - analyzing situations , people , patterns - twirling staffs - arguing - learning quickly , especially with language and music - feeding my cats on time . scored intp 2nd - entp 3rd - infp - deep thinker - big nose - consistent the united states of tara was the only series i watched every episode of . i rarely watch television but the concept of the show was interesting . raised in north carolina until 9 . now i'm in florida . if i do i don't realize it . a lot of infjs i know though , love doing this ! ! ! my stomach is gurgling because i had a little too much sumpin sumpin ( ale ) last night . if you've never had it please try it . i really don't like receiving phone calls or text messages . but i understand there's no other option if i need to get in quick contact with someone or vice versus . if i can't answer it whats the point in thinking about it ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATlMED9jsUE mmm , alcohol probably i didn't forget 10 , i just didn't have anything else to say ! i am always apprehensive to go to parties , but if there is beer ... at least its cute ... i just want to be needed ! 1 . i love beer 2 . i'm 5 ' 4 3 . i have severe body image issues . 4 . i display affection to animals more than i ever have to people . 5 . i'm private and secretive to the point where i hide things that ... '