' well , you didn't ask what the extent of my drug use was . i am smart when it comes to making it purely recreational , and i limit myself to a few times a month at the most , usually less then that . well , i find that there are days where everything seems to overwhelm me , and it feels that my brain is completely shut down . i'll have trouble piecing thoughts together , and generally it feels like ... what is it that really strikes a chord with you when you read descriptions of your type ? also , my main question will be , what is it like to have aux se as a function ? , how does it ' show itself ' in ... you sound like a copy of myself to be honest . sometimes it happens during a day where i literally feel so fatigued that i could sleep the whole day . i have no concrete explanation for this occurrence other then when i actually had inadequate ... instrumental music isn't the full spectrum of my music taste , which i failed to mention ( bad habit of mine ) . i still enjoy lyrical music , but i find myself going much more for atmosphere and melody ... just wanted to know if anyone would be so kind as to post a questionnaire on this thread that i could answer , and afterword post for anyone that would like to analyze it for me . i'm struggling ... i've noticed this about myself after getting typed as an intp . there are times where i get caught up in si nostalgia , preferring the tried and true when it is necessary , and thinking about past ... - when i'm affected by criticism in a negative way - when i take other peoples opinions much to seriously well , i usually feel really awkward when someone around me is crying . i usually tell them not to worry about whatever made them cry . i'm kinda with you on being a bit emotionally retarded , but it's ... well , it seems i wasn't clear on the fact that i filled out a questionare on the typing forums , which was analyzed by good typers . that was my fault . i'll take your advice on the articles too , for my ... and i'm surprised intp is apparently my most likely type . yes , i do have decent tine abilities , get caught up with the nostalgia induced by si , and have a knack with pushing peoples buttons , and ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... depends on who the person is . i find i have a problem looking my mother in the eyes . she has a very oversensitive intuitiveness , so if my facial expression is a bit off , or i'm looking at her weird , ... it really depends . i am picky with dubstep and only like a certain amount of songs of that genre . granted there are days that i am obsessed with it , but a lot of the time it's usually put on the back ... the exact same thing seemed to happen to me as well . i've come to the conclusion , with the help of another member , that i'm just a very emotional intp . i know what you mean . i used to have that tension all the time , especially around other people . it never gave up , until i tried taking medication for it . it got rid of that tension , but the ... i like games that have a very heartfelt story line , like kingdom hearts . i think that game is an extremely infpish game to begin with well , i used to doubt my type , but now i just realize that i'm an unconventional infp ; close to an intp but not quite . i guess at this point , i can say that i'm thankful i'm not out on the streets . i think my favorite type would have to be intp . i don't really know many , but there is one in particular that i think is amazing . as a kid i used to sleep with a huge pile of stuffed animals to my right or left . i had to include them all or i would feel guilty for leaving one on the floor . never in my life have i seen a female fan of black metal . i am very impressed ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m9bdbLWZlqg i'm not really into that myself . i find i am most relaxed when i am alone , thus , i learn quicker . people may say two or three heads are better then one ( cliché saying i know , whatever :P ) but it's ... so i've done the test multiple times , and i always come out as an infp . i also have come to find out that infps are one of the most mistyped types . i do have infp qualities , but i'm not sure if that ... i definitely agree with you on this . i find that most infps have the ability to either overlook a quirk they don ` t like and just not say anything about it , or learn to love it about the person . this ... i relax with a laptop in front of my face , headphones on my head with whatever type of music i feel for at the time , and a nice cup of tea in my left hand . i am in my zen mode with those three things ... what is love .. baby don ` t hurt me don ` t hurt me no more .. i don't find conventional attractiveness all that attractive . i never really know what i find attractive , it always changes . it's pretty random who i will find hot and fall in love with . i just wanted to thank everyone that is involved with the creation and maintenance of this site . i am enjoying my stay here so far and hope to have many more good times . i hate facebook yet can't live without it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V8G3lgNQHjU&feature=related i can see that you guys are basically the opposite of my type . this makes me very curious as to how you people are . what would you people say is the stereotypical estj , or better yet , tell me about ... i never really cared . i don't pay attention in class in the first place . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hy0aEj85ifY anyone here love that feeling they get when they hear an old song from a video game they loved as a kid , and still love today ? i sure do ! post nostalgic ... creativity gives you insight you feel that creativity provides insight into your own being . in fact , it is like therapy for you , enabling you to get to know yourself better . you seem to be looking ... light bulbs do not give off light . they are merely dark absorbers . why else would they have that black looking crud on the inside of them when they burn out ? that , my friends , is condensed darkness . i agree will i grow out of being scatterbrained and all over the place ? apathetic discouraged equestria i studder a lot and use complex words only sometimes . i'm not a big talker . i have a hard time telling a story because all my words get messed up and it doesn't make sense . i find this interesting . maybe i've been clicking on different threads compared to you or something . still , reading all the replys makes me feel better that i'm not the strange exception . my greatest fear is people finding out my deepest darkest sexual fantasies and fetishes . i'm not even going to post it on this forum , it's too nasty . welcome to the forums ! i'll start off saying that i've never experienced such a kind and accepting community here on the forums , so you'll probably love it here . i don't believe i've met a single ... i know for a fact that i am some form of infp , but it seems a lot of you , not all , are quite lighthearted and love happy things . i am the exact opposite of this , to the point of being kinda cynical ... i don't have a favorite color . they're all great , except orange .. i hate orange so . i want to teach them that being human is not a terrible thing . if they want to go out and party sometimes , drink and smoke pot on the weekends , or have a relationship in high school , then go right ... 1984 by orwell '