' https://www.capt.org/research/article/JPT_Vol69_0109.pdf let's discuss the logical problems of the j-p preference , page 4 . what does lowen mean by yet both are contained in p ? functions vs . dichotomies http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/866826-can-anyone-point-me-towards-scientific-literature-cognitive-functions.html#post28826122 ... let's continue this discussion here : http://personalitycafe.com/myers-briggs-forum/749410-jungian-cognitive-function-theory-vs-mbti-dichotomies.html are you only arguing against harold grant function stack ? there could be other models ( with functions ) that work , right ? what is your view on this ? ... first of all , what i said back then is not necessarily my point of view today . are you referring to this thread ? http://personalitycafe.com/socionics-forum/638818-mathematics-socionics.html ... what on earth are you talking about ? bla bla bla we disagree on the definitions of the functions , so it is pointless to discuss einstein's type any further . personality cafe should have more sub-forums like the16types.info : ... let's end this thread . i don't tell you how to type people in socionics . first of all , socionics is based on jungian typology ( and antoni kępiński's theory of information metabolism ) . and myers-briggs type theory ... physics : almost exclusively ili , perhaps 1-3 % lii mathematics : perhaps 75 % lii , 24 % ili , 1 % ile ... iee ... lie pure math : 95-99 % lii applied math : approximately 50 % lii , 50 % ili chemistry : ... i have said this before . i am referring to that group of people who identify with ili and intj ( mbti ) , i . e . leading nite , white intuition-black logic , tp , internal dynamics of fields-external ... if ti is about both logical structure and logical reasoning , then ni should be about both alternatives / possibilities and scenario thinking / thought experiments / new patterns , right ? but ilis / ... watch this documentary about john nash ( ili ) at 15:15- 16:00 . i think ili mathematicians are using a top-down approach . this is what i mean by backwards .  ... blocks | school of system socionics it is difficult to plunge into thinking over the information of vital track information elements . you get pushed to the mental track as if a cork from a bottle ... okay , so te is about thinking over theory publicly ( in your view ) ? it is rather pointless to discuss einstein's type if we don't agree on the definitions of the functions . yes , i think sli and ili are the most common types among scientists ( and physicians ) . but there are , for example , chemists who are lii . i think they do chemistry backwards ... in a sense ( structure ... i don't think obstinate / yielding applies to this . are you suggesting that all iles type einstein as an ile ? ? ? post 28 in this thread : i don't really have a perfect understanding of ... what exactly do you mean by ' standing outside the hypothesis deciding subjectively what the hypothesis should say ' ? okay , but we are discussing einstein and his observations / thought experiments . this is important . we don't leave out ti from 1-5 , since it is an unconscious ( or preconscious ) function for ili and sli . ti brakes / controls si and ni . consider any pattern ... the number ' 3 ' ... what is the ` ` scientific method ' ' ? the scientific method : 1 . observe some aspect of the universe . ( si , ni ) 2 . invent a tentative description , called a hypothesis , that is consistent with what ... this explains why sss thinks richard feynman was an ile . richard p . feynman : english forum â € ¢ ð ¨ ðºð¾ð » ð ° ñx81ð ¸ ñx81ñ ‚ ðµð¼ð½ð¾ð¹ ñx81ð¾ñ † ð ¸ ð¾ð½ð ¸ ðºð ¸ http://socionicasys.org ... seth lloyd is a theoretical physicist ( and engineer ) , who is an lii / intp ( mbti ) . ile / entp ( mbti ): rowan atkinson , john cleese , stephen fry , amy poehler , salma hayek , rose mcgowan , jeremy ... what are you talking about ? https://worldhistoryproject.org/1907/albert-einstein-begins-to-apply-laws-of-gravity-to-theory-of-relativity in 1907 , while still working at the patent office , ... absolutely not ! this is beyond ridiculous ! what if another ile types einstein as an ili ? are you saying that sss theory isn't socionics ? vladimir yermak is an lii . btw , i have never claimed that my views ... originally , i was referring to this link : process and result - wikisocion process types : immersed to a process and inclined to single-tasking .   ... which implies sticking with problems ... good . you are confirming this dichotomy . wikisocion : result types are inclined to make intermediate and final estimates , to sum up the results or outputs . they are oriented towards the ... aušra augustinavičiūtė : introverted logic we shall call ' logical ' those feelings that arise in the process of comparing one object to another on the basis of any objective parameter — for ... again , it is about new patterns ( ni ) and logical reasoning ( te ) . first you must establish new patterns , then you can consider structural logic , ti ( length , size ... ) . ' in 1920 einstein commented ... who says he is ile ? a socionist ? they are notoriously bad at typing people . that's exactly what an ili / intj would say . liis usually avoid any such comments altogether . it's too presumptuous ... also , lii is a result type and ili is a process type ... i stay with ... intp ( mbti ) corresponds to lii / intj ( socionics ) . i am ( usually ) not referring to the theoretical type ( e . g . lii ) , but a group of people who identify with that theoretical type . first of all , you should not take the reinin dichotomies and gulenko's cognitive styles too seriously . secondly , you are misinterpreting the meanings of these dichotomies / descriptions . yes yes einstein observed new patterns ( ni ) and drew conclusions ( te ) . logical reasoning / conclusions and ' organizing objects ' are directly related . the former : you know a and b , then you ... yes the key words here are convenient manner . the objects relate to us in a certain way . if we consider how they relate to each other , then we categorize them . for example , a screwdriver ... you can organize without physical action . but there is always an intention to act / interact when you use an extroverted funtion . both cognitive processes / functions ( e . g . te and ti ) are mental ... i have not stated that te is a physical action . te plans / prepares action ( and interaction , behavior ... ) . se , fe and ne also plan / prepare action ... in my view . let's focus on ' categorize ' vs . ' organize ' first . aristotle was probably an ili , but that's not important . all types use all functions ! the problem here is that ' comparing screw , nuts etc ' is a ... http://mbtitoday.org/carl-jung-psychological-type/ ( defunct ) exercise se : explore the object with your five senses as you are experiencing the object right now ; look at the object , taste it ... i should add a comment here . you are assuming that there are objective and subjective cognitive processes / functions and something more ( e . g . the empirical foundation ) . socionists and i are assuming ... you claimed that ' 1 + 1 = 2 ' is an axiom . i still don't think it is an axiom . response to is 1 + 1 = 2 an axiom ? - ctk exchange is 1 + 1 = 2 an axiom ? one thing you have to realize is that there is ... i agree with you here . i think we partially agree about xe and xi . are you saying that xe itself is not extroverted , and xi itself is not introverted ? who says the aha moments are ... how is your ' short-term / long-term ' ( and the other concepts ) relevant to typology and personality psychology ? both mainstream socionics and sss are partially wrong . let me rephrase the ... you are still not getting it . the sensory impression ( si ) itself is the fact ( i . e . what you have objectively experienced ) . the sun is hot is another sensory impression ( i . e patterns of sounds ) , ... intp ( mbti ) corresponds to lii / intj ( socionics ) . i am ( usually ) not referring to the theoretical type ( e . g . lii ) , but a group of people who identify with that theoretical type . ... or the connections are too complicated . what is the connection between short-term / long-term and lii , ese , see ... ? sss's definitions of the information elements ( or functions ) are based on ... yes , i am referring to those definitions and descriptions of ' plus ' and ' minus ' . sss : the « quality » feature of a « plus » signed function is a « positive » , the competence in the positive area ... yes . let me rephrase it . sometimes information goes from ni directly to te . right ? but how is te informed about the reality itself ? te is judging function ! yes , ' subjective ' and ' objective ' are problematic . jung used these in a very specific way . ( see quotes i have posted in this thread and the mathematics : te vs . ti thread ) my point is that if you ... '