' now that season 1 is over , here's my final thoughts : viktor nikiforov - enfj yuuri katsuki - isfp yuri plisetsky - istp going by the 2005 movie : elizabeth - esfj darcy - intj jane - infj yuri on ice , anyone ? viktor nikiforov - enfj yuuri katsuki - isfj yuri plisetsky - isfp he seems like a pretty obvious fi-dom to me . he has strong personal values and opinions . wants to do what he feels is the right thing to do . sticks to his own gut feeling , even when all the others ... pidge - intp lance - estp keith - istp hunk - infp shiro - istj allura - esfj coran - entp i'm a gemini intj , and apparently intjs are the least likely to be geminis . oh well : ^ ) more like intj : i do not hate your company and you do not keep me from my mast plans . i will keep you . for now . translation : i love you . oh man i am laughing so hard rn you have no idea how accurate this is : laughing : gender : no hair color : brown ( light / medium ) hair style : teenage boy eye shape : round / almond eye color : blue ( dark-green-grey-ish ) glasses : no personal style / manner of dress : androgynous ... https://31.media.tumblr.com/f2b6b1d966089d73960f0dfe572628f8/tumblr_inline_mlmybv22vs1qz4rgp.jpg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqj1hf-KQ2c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2jmC8-bP5g http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sHBAVjahp8 i'd love to know the type of season 8 and 9 characters . not that confident in my typing-abilities , though charlie : infp kevin : isfj abaddon : entj i'm interested in castiels type , now that he's ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THQM52jk0gg coincidentally , i'm wearing a hoodie in exactly that intj-color right now . also , purple ( ni ) is my favorite color . weird .. http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-yD10WC59PJU/T4AHP6OYkiI/AAA9w/bNg979KFY3Q/s1600/so-cute-meme-face-i3.jpg you have no idea . http://i48.tinypic.com/idyi2v.gif [ k ] project it's a new series , seems interesting so far . and it has pretty colors ! : crazy : fish . not the big ones , but the small ones that swim around your feet when you're at the beach . i never feel safe knowing that i might accidentally touch one or something will bite me . same goes for ... 1 : type : intj 2 : gender : female 3 : birth order : youngest child 4 : learning : seeing ( contemplating ) 5 : enjoy the most : e ) alone time to think , b ) games , a ) creative activities 6 : stress level : ... i generally try to avoid shopping until necessary . then it's just : go in , buy what you need , get out . books on the other hand .. i could spend hours in a good bookstore . :) a lot of my friends / acquaintances are isfp . most of them , actually . maybe there's something there . i enjoy most of the rock genre . maybe leaning a little towards alternaltive . lately i've gained an interest in post-rock and indie . i could listen to it for hours .. my mom thinks i'm pretty , does that count ? no ? not counting my chubby cheeks , i think i'm rather average . people always tell me i'm so cute . not sure whether that's a good thing or not . a saying for the way you live : a wise man makes his own decisions ; an ignorant man follows public opinion . a saying you wish you could live by : donx 92t worry what other people think ; they donx 92t do ... i love the legend of zelda . other than that , i'm not the biggest gamer .. : i only know one entj , and he is gay / bi himself ( he just won't realize it ) from what i've observed , he is very into human rights and equality . in other words ; pro-gay . my mother works with mentally disabled children . she recently told me she have often compared me to the kids with aspergers / autism . but since she haven't had me tested , i guess it's not that bad . i ... i loved toys . still do . : s especially dolls . i remember getting a bratz-doll for my 8 ' th birthday , and the most popular girl in school suddenly got an interest in befriending me . we hung out for a ... i have perfect eyesight . well , pretty good at least . maybe you should set up a poll ? :) veldig mange , ja .. norsk intj her ! :D dawww .. awww .. * high-pitched * nawww ! : kitteh : i'm ashamed .. i use sarcasm on a daily basis , but it is a humorous , not offensive - most of the time - kind of sarcasm . i don't recall ever getting into trouble for it . though , sometimes people raise their ... i'm not depressed . i would never allow myself to be . but i'm not exactly happy either . it depends . neutral , realistic , indifferent and bored are words that describe me pretty well . intj , slytherin i don't really think there's a correlation , though .. dad - extp mom - infj me - intj my dad is very funny and smart , but doesn't really understand me . my mom ' understands ' me , but can be a real crybaby sometimes . all in all i love them ... norwegian : native english : advanced / fluent french : intermediate german : basic japanese : basic sarcasm : fluent :P nirvana muse coldplay evanscense within tempation keane ac / dc metallica the offspring duffy ( lol x ] ) i'm not sure whether i'm an intj or istj . i always test 50/50 on intuision and sensing . i realise it has to do with cognitive functions , but it's very much to read about and i have very little ... i visualized the past off to the left , future off to the right , and the present in front of me . so , i'm a nj and got the np one .. it doesn't always work , i guess :p someday , maybe . i've always wanted kids . :p roud : but since i'm single and have other priorities right now , i don't think it will happen anytime soon .. i'm not usually a huge fan of anime , but i like some : - death note - soul eater - code geass ( the ending of r2 made me cry ) intj , atheist . raised .. uhm .. my mum is buddhist , my dad is agnostic and elementary school forced christianity on me . if that makes any sense . why did the chicken cross the road ? to get to the other side they don't mean the other side of the road , but ' the other side ' as in death / the after life . i feel so incredible stupid for not ... my best friend is moving . we had that special intj & enfp friendship .. i'm really going to miss her . - when i'm bored , i sometimes copy facebook-statuses into word and correct the grammar mistakes . it's suprisingly many . - i have a list of people that i dislike . it's arranged from most to least ... when people you don't even know hate you , that's when you know you're the best . life is pleasant . death is peaceful . it's the transition that's troublesome hard work pays off in the ... when you're morning grumpy , and you tell your stepfather to go to hell in such a way he actually look forward to the trip .. '