' ha i used to be like that ! i was an intj once , but i sort of grew out of the i into the e ( not saying i is immature ) . just as i grew i became more out there . as long as it's not harmful to me i will ... global 5 : sloan scoai ; sloan + scoa | i |; primary inquisitive ; s ( 56 % ) c ( 58 % ) o ( 70 % ) a ( 72 % ) i (8 0 % ) scoai ( 2.8 % of women ; 4.0 % of men ) ... i'm studying abroad in europe ( gahh , i can't say where ! ! ) right now . i've always been good at languages so i'm learning quickly . i've been living here for about 3 months now . i minored in linguistics ... before it was music performance . now it's glass and ceramics . i hope i fail this so i can go back to music no matter what . ok not really , i don't want to fail . and i won't .. it's just that i miss ... 55806 tired . ( the link thing isn't working anyway . oh well ) http://youtu.be/sPlhKP0nZII the whole thing . one of my all-time favorite pieces ever of course . i think my fave part is all of the sequentia . 55441 how do you make photos big , anyway ? yeah that's what i thought . but arts need a lot of intuition , too ! i always thought i used more intuition than emotion in being creative .. i'm a thinker and i still feel strongly . i can turn them ... your own intuition scares you ; like it has a mind of its own , or just is a separate creature ! this has already been said , sort of - but also when words can't explain anything . when you can express ... ooh , look , i desire to kiss a woman , too ! on the cheek . - . - and she's my mom . - . - i desire to finish drawing augustus's head next week ! :) http://youtu.be/hZzFruQCofM yes ... awesome symphony + awesome conductor ! ! i love no . 2 . dates + tea . ^ yeah , or plain old togas like in ancient rome . i think that's perfect . no stupid fashion . no need to go all out trying to stand out or outdo someone . just drape-like clothes . the closer to ... 54716 dangit , i don't know how to make this normal . haha oh there's more ! i'm being suchh an old hag right now haha . people who assume / generalize too quickly and stick with their false assumptions . people who put you down because you have values . people ... http://youtu.be/nzmCxJxfgpI drum corps . yep i'm a cymbal freak . i was on a cymbal line and scv cyms are any cymbal player's idols . they're bamfs . kind of have to do a season in a college / corps ... i lived on some magical island called rabbit fur , and they held carnivals there every day . also i had a gypsy best friend . i had to deliver a pie to her ( she lived in some typical suburban ... dan e - same here . i need an appetite . understanding ... compassion ? i try my hardest to understand , so why can't another reciprocate the understanding . i respect people despite their flaws ( oh no , ... sitting and drinking tea . i can't sleep . ugh . tired as usual . :) i'm thinking of how much i miss being in a drumline . how i miss cymbal cuts and bruises ! and i miss the trumpet , and i miss music . also i'm thinking of ways to improve the ... ooh , ooh , another type . how could i forget - limited people . people who say they only do so-and-so , and only are into this , and that so and so sucks and that's that . with their stupid little ... wow . biasss . i'm very good at seeing other's points of view . in fact i tend to consider them more than my own . i never even thought of myself as a leader either . i just go about my business . the ... beethoven's coriolan overture , and now the show of my old college marching band the year that i was in it , which is pretty epic .. and no . i don't have to post any videos . :) still life paintings and justin bieber without makeup the first one is ' cause i go to an art school right now , and for the second one i was just curious . omg , boiling condensed milk reminds ... haha a lot of pessimists like to call their pessimism realism . extx ... extraversion may make them more realistic ( they're not just inside their head all the time ) , and t as stated before is obvious . it can be realistic and pessimistic ( or optimistic depending ... i've made up my mind - i can't get along with people with no compassion or understanding that not everyone is or can be as strong as them . some are childish and selfish , yes , and it's up to them to ... yep , pretty sure the person who intimidated me was an istp . why is that type so freakin ' scary ? and so strangely similar to me ? ( it's not just the t .. ) and i'm usually more intense than that type , ... almost never . and i'm pretty good at predicting unless they're super freaking unpredictable / crazy as hell . you think you're an introvert and you even try to chalk up to it , but prove yourself wrong when you find yourself starting conversations with strangers , and starting conversations in general ... when ... i like her . rabbit heart is one song and video i love . actually i think it is my favorite ever .. well , one of my favorites for sure . http://youtu.be/bKQqwhaNZMI i think some people saw this already .. a guy doing laughing exercises http://youtu.be/_c8muWaAOjI this ... i know it's weird and dumb . but it made me laugh when i first watched it in like 6th grade , it was just so random . and i dug it back up , lol . btw i loved the ... i feel that way too . ps . speaking of alcohol , i don't drink , but once i did and i got super into philosophy and was debating like crazy . and joking / laughing a lot . but i didn't get emotional at ... to have pumpkin pie , but there's none here . ^ . ^ they don't celebrate thanksgiving here anyway . speaking of weight , i * desire * to put some on . ( everyone wants the grass on the other side . lol ) weight ... some chocolate cake i made :) i'm one and what annoys me about myself personally is i can't let myself have fun . i can , but not as much . i don't know what's with me . i always have to be doing something serious , some kind of work ... i was intimidated by one person . ever . i think he was an introvert . not sure what type . he was scary . and i can be scary myself . it was very weird ... istp is my guess . jerks who don't get it that you don't like them . kind of going back to matthew nishoku's post , except they're total jerks to everyone , but can't seem to get a clue that no one likes them , and stick ... yeah seriously , i had no idea either ! - . - getting ready to bake a cake ! ! ! i was in the middle ages and some old lady was trying to act like my grandma . i think she was a witch . i don't remember the rest of the dream . lol . i have so many weird , interesting dreams all the ... why am i thirsty after brushing my teeth haha . i needed to be sure . omg . banoffee pie sounds amazing , even though i've never had it . i just ate a salad . wow my computer is being weird . please delete this post ! i don't have any deep fears , really .. maybe failure - not material , social or career failure , but failure as a human being . ( ethical ) i think it's the deepest fear for me . my regular fears are usually ... i hate polyester too ! it's crap and it really is bad for you . i'm for the natural cotton / wool . i wear what's comfortable and cute . i have my own fashion sense too . from your description , i kind of ... haha i can agree with this one ! i close down , i run away ( not literally ) and i can't explain what i feel because i feel too much . unlike males who usually say they feel like destroying everything ... when you don't like wasting time . well you do , but only when you legitimately want to waste time . but when you're down to business , you're really down to business . also you hate bull . and stupid ... not insulted , just a little annoyed .. i don't get mad at stupid people or people who don't understand me . i tend to laugh it off or be like alright because it's their problem / their opinion . they ... '