' tests tend to be highly prone to mistyping in general . if you really want to find your type , you're going to have to do research . how do you feel among sj's ( the overseers ) ? impatient . how do you feel among sp's ( the creators ) ? relaxed . how do you feel among nt's ( the intellects ) ? stimulated . how do you feel among nf's ... whooop . i just took a look at it myself . so i didn't actually draw it out , but it is definitely either esfp or isfj , as those are the two types who are prone to staying below the x axis in ... * thanks this post * i am sometimes vulnerable and draw pictrues so i'm infp ? we have no eye tracking software , and that would perhaps be less accurate , as software could not tell the difference between a cognitive flick and watching a truck drive by . if you have some ( free ) ... mimes someone posted this stupid status the other day : they should have more options than just to like something on facebook . they should add dislike don't care sympathy and tmi i commented ... well the entj didn't actually walk into the bar , he saw it coming and used the entp as a shield , but was sorry to have to do it . the entp understood the entj's reasons and was really only pissed at ... be it spirits telling you , a lucky guess , or you actually in fact being psychic , it would be silly to blame it on ni . ni is the infj's dominant function . the ego function , the this is who i am . ... ni is amazing , but most ni descriptions i've read pretty much just flat out say ni is magic and you'll never understand it which is far from the case . i myself have never experienced anything ... i usually see hanging out as more of a group thing where everybody mingles . dates are more i'm paired off with you for the night sort of thing . what i see the most is when you're ... haven't cried in seven years now . i don't feel like i'm missing anything . it sounds more like a desire to not get hurt ( fi ) rather than a desire to increase group harmony ( fe ) . i love the dances with passion . tango is great , except that i can't for the life of me keep a straight face . that line about dancing with your eyes closed to better connect is beautiful .  ... feeling is essentially how you make moral judgments . extroverted feeling is all about the morals of the group ; fe is constantly asking what is socially appropriate in this situation . fe often ... i met an unintelligent intj once . he was my computer programming teacher in high school . he had all the arrogance but without the actual back-it-up part . i'm still traumatized . doug is best pony i personally think enfp is a bit more likely . i think this because : a ) infjs don't use nearly so many smily emotes , if any at all . b ) infjs tend to place a personal emphasis on proper grammar , ... i'm gonna say isfp . that or a shy extrovert . enfp maybe . don't sweat it too much . mbti is nice but i've seen too many people limit themselves based on it . be you , and don't try to fulfill a ... type subforums : infj - how do i understand an infj ( for non infjs ) / how do i understand myself ( for infjs ) infp - flowers and sunshine make us special intp - random philisophical tarball intj - ... the drawing on the left looks more entp ( entps tend to be more one-sided ) , but the drawing on the right could be enfp sure . most enfps look very standard though . a simple bowtie shape , occasionally ... you're going to be conscious of the camera , and the results are very easy to rig . i'd try to be as open as you can , and also talk about as deep of material as you can think of . the more you have to ... as has been said many times before : we are working on one currently , but when it will be ready nobody can say . we have a fair amount of data , but i'd like like ... a hundred examples of each type ... certainly no method of typing is 100 % accurate , but as one working on the project i already trust this way more than actual tests . indeed , the thought that this could be more accurate than normal ... it * could * be an intp pattern , but there's a little extra data that the picture doesn't show : when you ( i assume that's you in the video ) are talking , when you make that top arc you go back and ... 73795 this is an istj pattern . ( normal istj pattern shown bottom left ) i program as a sort of hobby right now , but its mostly minor stuff ( level scripting in lua ) . i'm not sure how i'd do in a serious setting . as just a fun thing i enjoy it though . * pats us on the back * man i hate doing video tracking xd okay so here's what i came up with , and the types i thought possible . upper left is the video , upper right is the esfp pattern , bottom left is the infj pattern , ... okay well ... either way neither would really happen while a person is talking , so they wouldn't show up while i'm tracking someone . unless when you say pause to take in and process information ... i've never witnessed any ni stare , so honestly i have no idea what you're talking about . as for casual zoning out : zoning out isn't complex thought , its just that . zoning out , usually indicative ... what jesse jackson speech ? also that sounds like it would be very anecdotal . again , there are plenty of factors that influence this . oh come on guys . dreamy-ness / spirituality / imagination is not an infj exclusive trait . looking at that second video , i'm sticking with my initial conclusion . estj , at least 85 % . for what its ... oh man , that's estj no doubt about it . which makes sense , her speech patterns remind me of an estj coworker . estjs would usually have a lot more chaos , but they're the only type that stays above ... i swear the doorslam is like the most romanticized thing ever . the fact that its even associated with infjs speaks of people wanting to feel a ) special and unique and b ) powerful . this speaks ... great way of summing it up . i know that , my first thought was just on how threads / debates / whatever like ( what i perceived this thread to be ) usually go . generally something along the lines of ... eh , i'm gonna bow out then . i have no idea what the op is looking for . the shortness ( curtness ? ) of the original post led me to believe that this was another religious debate / vent thread . * shrug * it felt implied . feelings logic ( emotions ) being the sole reason for religion means that the other logical extreme ( atheism ) is purely logical . from there , i've seen plenty enough bigotry ( not from ... we're doing science why does being athiest inherently make one logical and intelligent ? why does being religious inherently make one emotional and ignorant ? or , actually , why do you believe that this is the case ? even if i hate initiating and its extremely draining to me , i've found that if i don't initiate , nobody else ever does . so i've just learned to initiate things . doesn't change that i don't like it , ... gold star the ops friend does not sound like an infj , and the op does not sound like an nf . i doubt the op is going to post back , you guys have flooded her . but then also , i've noticed many infjs on this ... its all about getting a reaction out of people , and its quite fun . the shock value ! i guess i just really like poking things to see what happens . i do the randomly-makes-weird-faces-at-people ... i'm a very very strong mimic . in real life if someone has a strong mannerism that's very them ( an estp friend has this way of throwing up his hands and shrugging ) and i pick them up so fast .   ... chwoey : i skipped to somewhere in the middle , something about rangers wielding battle axes ... you do show infj eye movements , with a heavy emphasis on the upper corners . i feel like whenever ... so my process is basically just to absorb as much as i possibly can , and then later i'll relax and process what i'd absorbed . it feels like my brain dilates to take in more information than i'd be ... seeing as i am a talkative infj , i'd say i have a pretty positive opinion of them . gets lonely though . apparently , nobody wants intimacy outside of a romantic context . i'm extremely confident that it is truth and i try to follow the teachings as best i can . can't expect perfection from myself ( or anyone ) but that doesn't mean one stops trying . there's definitely ... i'm an eight on everything in existence . ten on arrogance . '