' 282826 mushroom veggie burger recipe - allrecipes.com i recommend this what can i tell from a experience .. i have been cheated on three times in different relationships , which happened ironically in a row . and i can honestly say , that i wouldn't even wanted to know ... i would say that yes , infp can learn to be more present . i think the strong intuitiveness is the most remarkable part of infps hardness to be a person that lives in the present , as we live in the ... i was at work today .. and got feedback from my boss that apparently my quality of work has been shit , and he already talked about me in past tense in means of working at there . i have really tried my ... i am tired of life . i don't even know what to write . i am just utterly hopeless . i really like you but i can't commit ... oh well . i didn't remember how it felt to be heartbroken . : unsure : is there any hope to be in a relationship , really . it's like they are destined to fail ... i really like you but i can't commit ... oh well . i didn't remember how it felt to be heartbroken . : unsure : is there any hope to be in a relationship , really . it's like they are destined to fail ... any infps here that loved baldur's gate , planescape torment or icewind dale ? i am so much awaiting torment tides of numenera and pillars of eternity . torment seems especially interesting , it's ... i have recently started a new job in a new company . i am totally confused about how people really , really like me being at there . yesterday i heard from my hr-boss that people are having a crush on ... i miss her so much . distraction , i need distractiooon . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2GFGsFdURU suddenly , i was mind blown . 164634 so , i have been chatting with a one girl ( living in nearby city ) from okcupid . we've had chats with great flow , but i have been chatting with her in more like platonic , jokingly friendly manner , as i ... i was in a store today , and two guys passed me by . one said to the another man , there are so good meat products on sale today to which the another one responded there are way better meat products ... in my quest of online dating .. well , it didn't go so well . back in the square one . i have been feeling quite lonely lately . but it would feel like self-betrayal to my needs and wants to settle for ... this is probably not the first time i write this here , but first time in a long time , i've been feeling like my life has turned from surviving into thriving . i have been putting myself a lot out of ... i was hesistant myself to search globally in the first place , but curiosity took the best of me . but i do recommend that place for infps , i have found quite an amount of them at there already . oh , okcupid . such annoyment to find amazingly perfect-matching ( 99.6 % ) woman who lives on the other side of the globe . it's half five in the morning and can't sleep , too hot here . windows open , heaters off and i am still sweating like no tomorrow . i did online dating profile two days ago and ... i have over 50 visitors and 5 messages from different girls ? it seems that i am doing this right way . : tongue : i am feeling better than in long time . i think that i am now going for better direction . job , check . therapy , check . date , check . apartment issues , ( soon ) check . basic things seem to be falling on ... what is wrong with me ? i got a job . something i have been wishing that for 7 years . and it doesn't feel like a victory . slightly amused .. and that's all . i ecountered one setback as well , but ... it went well , actually . i got the job . :p roud : interviewer didn't even ask any of the questions i got ready for ! it was more like a chit-chat about my abilities , work experience and degrees . it was ... i have a job interview at monday and i'm bit stressing it already too much . i just want that job so much . i am currently listing my answers for interview questions and ways to hop over the traps that ... i have been 4 days on unemployment and i have already 2 interviews ? ! what is this utopia where i have landed a lord asked takuan , a zen teacher , to suggest how he might pass the time . he felt his days very long attending his office and sitting stiffly to receive the homage of others . takuan wrote eight ... http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20090522072240/forgottenrealms/images/6/66/Beholder_-_Scott_M._Fischer.jpg i am feeling quite alone . maybe i should take the online dating .. worked last time . i have been about 4 months in internship in one company . during that time there , my employer expressed that he wanted to hire me . i was in pretty much formal interview last week , and i was supposed ... i really love this band . such powerful lyrics , says doge . it's awesome how lyrics are about non-judgemental christians standing up against judgemental christians .   ... i think that being what you see yourself to be , without going on just opinion's of others just for the sake of it , is indeed masculine . in fact , it takes a lot of more balls to stand against the ... i find it hard to explain to some extroverts that if i leave party early , that doesn't mean i have something against them . it's not any kind of passive protesting , which i believe some of them may ... i believe that ( nearly ) all suffering in life is caused by living in other timedimension than present moment . fears are rooted in the unforeesable future or in the perceived mistakes done in the ... hmm . it seems like a prime time for weighing out the pros and cons of working there . is the money gained worth the hours lost or the stress caused ? not getting training , or just a sloppy excuse ... 111586 ( nevermind the redness , had slept only 5 hours . ) i have rather intense blue eyes . it's a physical part in me that i really like about . i think that this link could be useful for you . there is always someone hanging at there , and venting is free . blahtherapy - talk therapy online and counseling services . and about that feeling , ... yes ! i have kept planner since ' 10 . i have terrible memory , and i believe i could not function at this level without it . it also frees one from the worry of forgetting important things , as ... i have gained 22 lbs of mass ( thanks to gym and regular eating ) since the last year's autumn . i am proud of myself . i am most attracted towards girls that have androgynic looks with a touch of feminity . ironic twist of fate is , that they tend to be usually lesbians . but aside of the looks , nothing is as sexy ... dealing with this currently . your thoughts ? how much i despise this recession-infested world of jobs . faster ! more efficiently ! less brakes ! more planning ! companies fire people because of economical reasons , meanwhile the people in the ... i met a new possible friend yesterday ! there was this awesome guy at the party . very deep guy , we would had talked for the whole night if we could . lot of shared interests . found he's likeability ... it's infps and not infp's . either troll or subhuman . i find having kids completely unnecessary , and find it hard to comprehend what people can possibly get out of it when compared to overall cost-time-effort ratio towards the perceived benefits you can ... three weeks ago , i figured out why i have been battling with anxiety , depression , being overly self-concious , constant self-doubting , assuming the worst , never-feeling-good-enough , negative ... two years ago i was in new's year party , where i was in a gathering of my old friends . in a private talk-to-talk with one friend of mine , he suddenly wanted to confess something . he said that he has ... what i've learnt during my experiences with other fellow humankind , when someone jabs your character ( or , you are not sure they really meant to jab your character and really meant it as a joke ) ... amen , brother . in the end of your relationship , did you fight constantly ? i am just relieved that it is over , and i don't have to deal with differences in communication or other ways anymore . or any ... back in the nurse school , i had one classmate whom i didn't like at all . let's call him andrew . he was simple , alpha , very close-minded and full of energy . conservative christian from russia , who ... '