' what are your interests and hobbies ? art ( painting ) , hot yoga , history , music <-- main things , but also new information ( no matter what it is . ) what kind of food do you eat ? anything . are you ... these two are so perfect . je veux le faire , mais je viens juste de commencer à apprendre le français . j'ai utilisé google translate pour cela . darn it ! missed it again . : frustrating : what's yw ? 9w1 here . i would like to change my name to leonine . thanks so much ! : happy : i was in acting for awhile . my favorite part about it ( this was before i knew i was an intj ) , was the study of people and relationships . which in my semi-humble opinion (: proud :) is a big part of it ... i am the same way , but it's more like awkward and mortified at the same time . new understandings music sushi wine making someone laugh swimming painting learning http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8nMF1Xzx8Dk hello by t . i feat cee-lo i'm not sure of an addictive personality , but i do obsess over things sometimes . i smoke . interesting , never thought about that . : happy : i think that article has a little bias or a lack of complete understanding or definition . i don't really have a philosophy of the soul . nonconforming attitude - i guess . like , not sure i know the rules of conformity . idealistic - generally , yes . intense curiosity - always . happy obsession with a hobby or ... were you involved in sports or the arts ? kind of , i played everything for like a season :-) not involved in the arts really . dating ? not constantly , but yeah . were others intimidated by you ? ... i agree with this . not quite sure what you meant by the caring coming from the body . for me , mind-caring takes much more effort , especially when it is something that i think is of a trivial nature ... love some of it . would you ever adopt a child ? possibly . would you ever cheat on your partner ? i'd do my best not to . would you ever take a bullet for someone else ? yes . would you ever slap ... just english , trying to learn french . right now i paint . i want to study more about art and i want to learn more languages ( trying to learn french now ) . not really a style per se , but my staples are : summer / spring : dresses , shorts , tanks fall / winter : big chunky sweaters . cardigans , jeans , boots , white / grey tees and tanks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sRvmbchKv2A we are like children we ; re painted on canvases picking up shades as we go we start off with gesso brushed on by people we know watch your step as ... wine , champagne , cigarettes , painting , water ( bath , swimming , etc . ) if i remember this correctly : i had an easy bake oven that i used to bake things in . i played with dolls ( always did their hair ) . i use to battle it out with action figures , draw a lot . and i had a ... my opinion-it is also irrational to claim to know the answer . both sides of the coin are a belief , based on the information and understanding you have within your grasp . although i do think lib ... thanks ! : happy : not sure if this was supposed to be positive or negative , but thank you for your feedback . that is what popped in my mind when i completed it , and i thought it fit ... thanks ! : blushed : it's 20 x 20 inches . the white in the foreground is simply the canvas while the circle in the background is white paint . it's a figurative painting . i'm glad you like it . hooray ... that's beautiful . thanks for sharing . : blushed : these statements aren't correct . he was speaking to the pharisees and sadducees of the time who were the upholders of the oral law and written law . 7 but when he saw many of the pharisees and ... constantly . no , not in real life , over the internet . i'm even worse in real life : frustrating : . yeah , i try to be as concise as possible , it doesn't seem to work . ah well , you live and you learn . it seems to me , that when i try to make a point i'm either not reading disagreements / debates correctly or i'm not getting across what i'm trying to say . it seems like everything gets responded to ... thanks , i think i will go visit them for a bit . : happy : sometimes i think i will never be able to communicate effectively , therefore i will never be able to be understood . : sad : not at all . i'm not sure why this is though . possibly because what i choose to listen to is very personal for me , so i have no desire to know what the artist's intention is / was ( as horrible as that ... i agree . mirrorsmile i don't know if this helps but if i'm not giving people the reaction they want , i ask them what do you want me to do ? ( not in a negative way ) this sometimes makes what they're ... 54663 i really don't . i could be wrong though . maybe by making an effort to talk to someone , but sometimes i do this even when i'm not flirting . that would be unpopular for me , i don't think anyone deserves death or to be made a science experiment . ( but i'm also against the death penalty ) . here's mine : 1 ) abandon left wing / right wing ... desertwind really liked that . thanks ! thank you for starting this thread . :-) 5458854589 yay ! paper ! 1 ) probably get a little defensive ( if i was still in my feelings ) 2 ) calm down 3 ) acknowledge , admit , and fix i don't know about the fi thing but i was reading a convo on another forum that went like this : title : i need help with my intj arguing . enfp ( i think ): intjs should not argue or debate with ... the conversations between t's and f's can be quite interesting . : frustrating :: laughing : i didn't think it was that bad : unsure : what's wrong ? i think this is untrue . there were quite a few people in the thread who were contributing to the conversation , but it never went anywhere . i also think , if your goal in the conversation is to ... i apologize , i misunderstood you . '