' i don't know , maybe something i've heard or read ... i have tears down my face while i write but i guess if i can rationally stop myself from giving up while my emotional self wants to die i will win ... from the ones i know personally : half play soccer , a few enjoy cars , all enjoy reading , most enjoy games , some do martial arts , most like anime , most like racing , some used to go to parties ... it was nothing scandalous , just some tears in a place pretty much no one could see , wouldn't have noticed if i hadn't talked to her . 3 ( fear ) + 42 ( avoidance ) = 45 you do not suffer from social anxiety . if you stay away from trying anything other than what intjs are always naturally good at you will be the worse intj ever . about 3,50 . he called me a sociopath and said a lot of people on the internet act like they are one , while in reality , most people that use the term sociopath are layman , what he considers being ... when i think about some things i've done when i didn't felt any fear i get a bit of it . one interesting thing is that post-traumatic stress disorders depends a lot on how you view the act itself , in cultures where this is considered abhorrent and if you go with the pack mentality it's ... sorry if you are born without the capability of understanding sociopathy , morality and what i meant . : rolleyes : what does i took you for granted means ? edit : i've looked up but still don't understand it properly apparently . in before you can't have a disorder and have a personality . yes , i know , they have been diagnosed with aspergers . obsession about a topic plus having an huge problem reading other people emotional states . if you are interested though they are super amazing ... the notebook with most of my material to study is trying to start for the last 4 hours , nice . the op told me she does an awesome blowjob . i wouldn't probably say this in person to person as most people that don't know me well would think i was a psychopath ( even though they have morals , not that they will follow , but don't stop from ... i've read quite a bit . most writers try to show how their view of something that they personally find repugnant is wrong and must be wrong because they say so or whatever stupid reason they think ... because we are awesome , deal with it . even if we painstakingly piece together something lost , it doesn't mean things will ever go back to how they were look around you carefully . strain your eyes at the darkness around us ... at the ... i don't think what hitler done was morally wrong , i wouldn't mind killing him much though , just my preference , i don't like what he orchestrated and killing feeds my needs :D . i like this for ... over-thinking ! yeah ! why do i come back ! ? fuck you all for being entertaining ! my death-stare doesn't improve focus , focus improve my death-stare . i tried to get out of home by the age of 8 , packed my things and jumped the window . i finally came back through the front door after long 10 seconds of thinking . from a more typical intj girl that i talked now and then at school what she would do that made other people somewhat dislike her was that she sometimes didn't put much effort in hiding how stupid ... i think intelligence in women isn't much attractive to males that are sensitive in that respect , which are most of them . edit : as in being perceived as more intelligent than the man , not what i ... because i'm not a schizoid . schizoid personality disorder - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i don't like anything too time consuming that i don't see something in the future that i would ... last post . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relativity_priority_dispute who invented relativity ? going to check the inbox tomorrow . so einstein wasn't sitting in his ass thinking as people think , he would come up with a theory and check if it matched in the real world , then one day it matched . the rest seems to match as well ... you don't keep your mind at the road after you learn how to drive ( unless you are trying to beat a record or something ) , at the start even hearing music or talking is too much , if you are used to the ... quite a lot of these feelings come with being a teenager , i can't give a diagnosis over the internet but a specialist might be able to check your age . this doesn't happen , you are born with psychopathy , what you could become is a sociopath ( which there are no proven cases in existence ) . not every mass murderer has some kind of mental disorder and ... . part i kant is stupid apparently , he almost got it but didn't ... a finite time still is impossible because if there is no movement of anything , there can't be no movement of anything . the universe doesn't ... okay , i'm not that stupid , turns out this is a real problem now that i've started reading about it . edit : and that my original thinking is probably older than i can picture and apparently that ... psychopaths can't feel what the other person is feeling ( empathy ) but they are experts at knowing what the other person is feeling trough cognitive processes . cognitive empathy absolutely does not ... i'm like this too , i became better at consciously accessing them with time and better with keeping them shut ( not that this needed much work ) . i relate to the entire post ( minus the part of being a ... it was called malignant narcissism i think . no sociopath has been proven to exist that i know of and is there is research showing that it is from birth , so psychopath is the more accepted term ... i'm not really interested in arguments or winning in that sense . i'm trying to figure out if this is wrong : if i exist logic is impossible . ramblings : this among other logical impossibilities , like omniscience ( one can't know that what he knows is true ) . or logic is true as an axiomatic argument . is it certain that logic is true ? edit : i ... by the way , you might have a brain good enough to understand what i'm talking about here : if omnipotence is a logical impossibility , it means it's impossible or it means that it's uncertain ? there is a thread like this every week , no one here wants contributions relevant to the topic ( maybe the op ... ) . thank you . see , it was easy , wasn't it ? orchidion don't think that prince is wise . you didn't said but you thought it was true . now admit defeat ! okay i accept your implicit admission . he says in every thread i look that he is an intj though , you are still stupid . just joking , i don't know you . didn't notice it was a quote ... i talked with one psychopath who said he took an mtbi test multiple times , it came out a different type every time he did it . they have emotions ... there was one serial killer that talking with a ... i don't know of any psychopaths that are introverted other than works of fiction , i've worked with a criminal lawyer for a year so i know quite a bit from real life also . there is one that could ... there are some things that are self evident though . something exists . something is true . something perceives . a mind exists . '