' he wants to know if allowing himself to love you with everything he has will kill him in the end . the irony is that the theory you described is the ending to ' ' legally blonde ' ' i know you think im a jerk now , but thats all honesty gets you . <- more infj oriented topic , start a thread on it why crickets , the clock ticking , the hum of the refridgerator , the barely audible sound of the static field created from this computer , the computers fan , my fingers on the keys , my breathing . why am i ... i want to vomit . im losing my mind glad that resonates with you too , i think everyone should be able to answer the question of what they stand for honestly and with unwaivered surety . ( side note ) i see , your type is in ( t / f ) j i was ... . i havent been on this site in several months but il respond regardless . gender identity is a term to cover a mental illness , meanwhile hundreds of terms exist to diagnose an illness where there isnt ... i agree , it seems probably we view this very similar , just initially started from different perspectives . for example i do maintain that it's very important to focus a good deal of energy on ... well a person should only do things that they truly believe in , ( easier said than done ) but i think most people feel something , or at least wonder why they don't feel something of a kinship with the ... so ... to be selfish ? right , i guess i should have spoken more clearly . the two intp's ive gotten close to : 1 . a very close friend , hilarious , intelligent , loyal . 2 . a wonderful wife , all the same and much too much more to list . poop i had a dream that i gave a couple young kids advice on how to get girls while someone who i apparently knew but couldn't see stood next to me . if you want to be attractive to women , treat them ... its strange , and your avatar pic is sweet ok . wasnt even going to post but please answer this . so when i am driving , walking , sitting , whatever ; anything where there are other people , this constantly happens - the moment i look at someone ... i like the middle two sentences : wink : , those made me happy for you . i guess i understand where you get that idea , but i wouldn't go as far as to say its true or the healthiest solution . there is nothing wrong with being introverted , and i've found by far the most ... peace and blessings , i hope all is well . :) ehhh i believe things have turned out as they had to , though certainly there are many things i regret doing , but then i can't . i would go back to age 5 maybe 6 ... i'd stay for a while if my time line ... ya , i'd be very shy , given the opportunity though i'd take it . i'm a bit cold sometimes so it would be the perfect opportunity to say something earth shattering so that no matter what , my feelings ... winner ! ! ! 10char hilarious . i used to think along the same lines and wonder who i was , what is actually me , being that i too can morph and mold and feel and even unfeel with enough effort . one day i came to the realization that ... i pictured the entired scene and when i read this for a moment i felt strong emotions rush up into me , i might have cried if i had focused on it . very sad story , god willing the children will be ... ah close ... well , so to speak lol 2nd from the right i don't think those ideals are funny , nor should they be considered old fashioned . i think they are simply righteous . i got a dick i'm a man . define terrorist , i'd like to respond to your questions , but i'm not sure if i should be offended or not . i just realized the other day that i do that and it was kind of an eureka moment . i was happy to realize such a good use of acute emotional awareness . i have intj days , weeks sometimes ... i thought i was an intj for a very long time actually . i think its a result of what others have mentioned about dealing with others as well as somehow a result of ... krav maga is very good , a well rounded mma school is very good as well , don't be duped into thinking it won't help you . krav maga i would say is probably # 1 for street defense , mma second . i've ... i hope they're able to remedy the issue , that really sucks and i can relate . i'm kind of worried about the same for myself right now , yet , i'll be sparring and grappling at my gym as i have been , ... the change that occurs within the person is up to them , but great deceptions are coming soon , people will need to follow their hearts and not give in to fear when it consumes everything around them , ... yes , dollar collapse will indeed happen soon , followed by much more a shift is going to happen , catastrophic man made events , they will delude large portions of the populous of the world . a new religion is going to be born more so force fed to willing and fearful ... ya , that's coming in the worst of ways wait . we can change our names now ! ? oh , hi ! welcome . my downfall has been the bag of reeses cups laying around from easter lol . i actually havent grilled the veggies before i'll have to try it as the weather here warms . my favorite preparation ... what you said essentially . it's a mindset , not an age . be honest , and listen to him . also if you are interested in his thoughts , show it , it will make him feel good . 1 . eggs , oatmeal + almonds + half a banana + almond milk mixed in ( for milk drinkers almond milk has way more nutrients and tastes wayyy better , seriously try this stuff . ) broccoli + green beans , ... i have an enfj friend who swerved off the road to avoid hitting a cat running across the street during a storm . he stopped the car and got out in the pouring rain to pick up the soaked and emaciated ... meds can potentially make anxiety worse . cbt i agree with though , there isn't much practical advice that can change what you're feeling laurie 17 that wasn't intended to offend you in any way , you misunderstand . you have indicated that your mental state is not exactly optimal we will say . if indeed you are going to take this drug , i would ... i won't say that there is a right reason , but you definitely want to take this for the wrong ones . also , your mind doesn't seem in any state to handle strong psychedelics . i thought this thread ... i'm no expert , but as an intj i think you should talk to her in a setting with nothing else going on , no distractions , and speak all of your feelings to her . i know it is difficult to do , but my ... '