' that's because the op included this ... i'm not particularly interested in i won the lottery and slept with a model who never spoke a word sorts of items - - so we didn't include those and that's ... my perfect day : wake up at 5 am and let the dogs out . get coffee started . let the dogs back in ( rinse and repeat the rest of the day ) . yoga . shower . breakfast . read the ... well that's a major bummer but you have to do what you have to do . you were one of the better people who made typology vids so i'll miss seeing new ones pop up in my yt notifications ( which says a ... when you want to go out to eat but can't decide what you want so you tell your j sister , just drive . i'll tell you when to stop . when you arrange your books by subject-author-release date and go back over it several times to see if your organization is correct . ... when you have an escape route and / or hiding place for when people ring the doorbell . if someone asks me to go out and i say no if their next words are , there's free food , or i'm / we're buying more than likely i'm out the door before they are . i personally thought i wasn't the best i could have been but hopefully you gained something from it . i'm so much more articulate in writing or with people that i know than on video ( and after dealing ... 60957 this made me laugh . i love flowcharts . click on the image to make it bigger ( that's what he said ) . knowing you should probably eat but you're so distracted by bad lip-reading videos on you ! tube that you put it off . and that reminds me ... i should eat sometime soon ... western side of arizona . most of the time , yes . very much so . actually , that's gone down in my area in the last few weeks . this is me . over-thinking and over-complicating things ... i'm putting this on a t-shirt . oooh ! t-shirt ! and if i had my druthers i would stay inside , read , be distracted by the internet more times than i can count , and just think . damn having to make money to live ... nope . sorry . as an aside , it's you're not your . tsk , tsk . going back down the rabbit hole ... that i did know . a lot to mull over . i see your point and will do that . oops . i had it right in my head but hit the post button too soon . and the carpet , floor , and the earth's mantle are down for me right now .. i have tested time and time again as an intj but while i like the thought of that type i realized that i'm closer to an intp than an intj so here i am ... coming out as an intp for the world . it's a ... isn't it though ? :-) if i take it myself , yeah , don't mind but if someone else is trying to then the evil eyes come out or i just avoid having it taken in the first place . don't even do ... and to think , she is probably one of the most articulate of the contestants ... this world is doomed . i have despised having my picture taken or having attention drawn to me every since i was a baby . oh , you should see the evil eyes i gave when someone wanted to take a picture of me . it was a thing ... what , no eyes on the silverware ? amateurs ... 41162 love the shirt ! is it weird i noticed the shirt before the guy ? i see , it was more about the low number than suggesting anything . ah ! my fault . i see what you mean . in my job i have to talk to customers ( gasp ! ) all the time . i do have to smile and ask how ... i guess . while i'm not asexual the search for relationships and keeping them is not a priority ( one word : awkward ) . a nice fwb would be good . lol ! my priorities are intellectual . on a personal note , ... i have taken the enneagram and it pegged me as type 5 w / 6 wing . i just took it again ( this is the sample test mind you ) type 1 type 2 type 3 type 4 type 5 type 6 look on page 2 of this thread . that might be what you're looking for . actually , yes . i don't hate you at all . don't know you . besides , being cute is irrelevant to me . finally , talking about a topic being off topic is actually trying to get back to the ... still . one thing drives me batty is a topic that goes off topic . you have a new conversation that is not related - or very loosely related - start a new topic or take it private . very hard to keep ... is there anyway you two could take this conversation to private message ( or make a new topic somewhere more appropriate ) ? it is getting seriously off topic . i had this awesome retort when i realized that you weren't talking about me in this reply . damn , and is was good too . her commentary drove me up a wall . i liked what she was saying ... for the first 8 minutes .. of video 1 . does she even know how to use the edit function for her videos ? when she said holographic ... i have been called intimidating by several co-workers that didn't know me . i do lose energy when i'm around other people unless i know them very well , and once i'm by myself i gain it back almost the ... unless , of course , there is that brainiac in front of you who doesn't have a clue how to use it or has a gazillion groceries . i'm sorry , what post ? won't tell them unless asked . out of curiosity i did ask my sister to see what she is , mainly because i want to know . knowing her i wouldn't be surprised if she was an estj . we'll see . ;-) did you read the part where i said i hated math unless it had a practical application ? ok , some more info about me using an example : math . i hate math . not because i can't do it but i get bored solving equations over and over just because i have to . show me a practical application ... i didn't either . it isn't on my copy . maybe they made the editors cut out most of the scene so it would look like the others characters did more . http://youtu.be/i_y_Pa-AIB4 especially love gimli's reaction ... read the description of an infj and it's so far from me it's not even funny . i am not a nurturer in any way shape or form . i am not easy going and my communication skills suck . i could go on but ... this is why i only go once a year . if that . egads . the small talk . i just want to get my groceries checked out and paid for so i can go home . not to mention the extra waiting time so the checker can find out about the person in front of me's ... i love the idiot whose character died , he grabbed another character , and that one died within seconds . what a complete noob . '