' thanks for answering . well , it requires 8 years in college because that's the approximate time it takes here to get your phd . as i said , i'd like to be a researcher , so , yeah , 8 years is a minimum ... let me show you an amazing smiley i saw earlier on the internet . ! ! =( ^ . ^ )= ! ! isn't that a fantastic thing to look at ? other then retarded smileys on the internet , stupid people ( and everything ... this post was hilarious . welcome to the club , op . i still wonder why i clicked on this thread . gotta find something to do . by the way , someone already said it but , you seem butthurt . no offense , though . yeah , i understand the meaning of the sentence , but not the cultural reference . québec french isn't exactly the same as standard french sometimes , but i have to agree that it's the same most of the ... first of all , thanks for you answer . i wouldn't say i am someone ambitious that wants to aim really high , i just know what picks my interest and why it does . problem is , if i want that , i've got ... hello / good evening / afternoon / whatever , so , i'm a senior in high school , i live in france , and am by extension french , so i'm sorry about any of the eventual grammar issues ( our educational system ... guess what , tomatoes are fruits . no shit . i'd say playing the piano ... yeah , probably ... i want to be a researcher in physics . there are so many fields of research that i don't really know which one i'll settle for , though . 1 - yes . 2 - knowledge , of course . 3 - i live thanks to that muscle . isn't that great ? 4 - well yeah , i dream every night , everybody does . we just don't remember it , usually . 5 - what does a dream ... 60698 i think most of us intps are trying to do that . at least , i am , and some intps i know are trying as well . oh by the way , i think there's a typo : i will note beliefs that have not been made ... 60632 don't worry , that's not me . i actually look like that : 60630 astronomer o / http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8N_tupPBtWQ astronomer . well , that's pretty accurate . mcnuggets . oh yeah . and now i want mcnuggets at 12:24 a . m . great . thank you op for making that thread . you're welcome . homework ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEf5VFKplzw i never ask this . but , you asked , so , here you go 60301 both aren't correct . the only correct form is laissez les bons temps rouler , by the way , this is a literal translation , and , as a french , i'll be honest and say that i've never read / heard that . so ... my first video game console was a snes . i remember spending hours playing secret of mana . then i got a ps1 , and spent hours playing ff7 /8 / 9 > . > hm . a pokémon . oh yeah , that'd be awesome ... probably a pikachu , or a charmander . oh and , if it has to be a real animal , i'd settle for a dog . i wonder . all i know is that there are three of them . so i'll settle for ... my brain in the three cases . mades up weird voices to advice me during the day ... that's strange . one's rational and ... rofl . yeah well , now it's making me laugh . back then , when i was really young , i was terrified ... xd when i was seven , i had this dream where my house got destroyed by a giant , evil , walking turd . it was both scary and ridiculous ... n_n ' something like wishing for some guy's mom to get cancer & that i hoped he'd get run over by a bus , if i remember well . oh right , i also said i was going to stalk him and kill his pet ( which i didn't ... chicken mc nuggets . o / http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Egt1Hq4wpE i own a n64 , gamecube , ps1 & 2 , wii ... and i have to say my best memories are still on ps1 / n64 . playing ff vii / viii / ix , tekken 3 , oh well , it's over now . minecraft wiki wtf did i just read . no and ... no . want my arm ? here's my answer 59533 fantasy , sci-fi . be it games , tv or book , these two have always been the ones i liked the most . personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? nah , it's too frenchy . let's just say my day's the 14th of february . - any nicknames ? no . * male / female / trans ? male one of my teacher had this theory as well , i find it interesting . i mean , on what is this theory based ? too lazy to write that on a sheet , sorry . let's see ... mine's a chick . why ? well , because i liked it , no peculiar reason . first snow of the year , still coming down . first snow of the year here , yay ! i just thanked your post because i liked your signature . what's on my mind - i'm hungry , and i feel shitty . that's about everything . oh right , i have to go to the bathroom . sheesh , so curious about nothing . these kinds of posts are usually interesting . why did i have to be so curious > . > i don't want to be rude , but how can you imagine that you're actually in a relationship with an anthropomorphic entity that's supposed to live in the skies and is omniscient ? i mean , believing that ... i live in a small town in the northern part of france . it's shit , and it's full of shits . i hate it . that's about everything . this place is so disgusting it makes me sick . no , i'm not exaggerating , ... hungry . like , really hungry but too lazy to move my ass from my chair and eat something . oh , i'm gonna have a chance to share some of my weirdest dreams , yay ! number 1 - it was a nightmare . i was having a nightmare in my nightmare . the nightmare consisting in me being chased by ... thinking . well ... you could go to the louvre in paris , even though a whole life wouldn't be enough to actually visit that museum , if you know what i mean . or the grévin museum , the one with wax statues , i ... '