' yeah , so i basically caved because of the fear , but i also had longer term issues with procrastination due to anxiety and fear , and i knew i couldn't stay in this lab much longer . the stress was too ... no , i don't have another supervisor , just the department secretary . everyone keeps telling me conflicting advice on whether to go forward with a bad proposal , change completely , except her since she ... okay , so i'm in big trouble because i was just about to fail my preliminary exam ( aka , qualifying exam ) . i'm a science phd student who just finished my second year . for my department , the exam ... chemistry is the central science . a dorm hallway is not the best environment for finding people who may have something to connect with you , besides being students . you might check for clubs / groups that interest you , or talk to people ... this is my username on nearly every site . i even used it later for email , but i regret that since some sites say you can't use the email name for their site user name ( a stupid requirement imo ) . i ... i saved a lot of money staying at home as an undergraduate , but that was at a cost of having no social life and few long term friends from college , which i really regret since i had the grades from ... i don't drink even though i'm 24 . i should say i don't drink outside of communion wine from church ( in that case i guess i've been drinking since i was a kid ! ) . however , now , i've kind of mellowed in ... i am a graduate student doing bioinformatics in a medicinal chemistry lab , and i mainly work with perl and r . i got started with programming after stumbling on the online course rails for zombies ... also , this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=FQjgsQ5G8ug name-dropping is one form . also , mentioning anything that someone who took a high school or introductory college course would know can often be pseudo-intellectual . for example , there is a ... i never stopped . most of what i watch is ota , anyway , since my parents cut off cable when i went to college . 90 % of it is public television , with shows like nova , nature , and independent things like ... i am pretty much the same as i have always been . i knew i was different from most kids , but i didn't care . i had pretty consistent interests , to the point that i often took the same set of classes ... one of my friends posted about this on facebook ( see link below ) , and i was a little surprised at how many comments ( unsurprisingly almost all of the debaters were male ) were insinuating that false ... you could have mentats ( human computers ) like in dune and the people who memorized books like in fahrenheit 451 . or the data could be replicated and stored in multiple locations . audio is much slower than reading . i know i may skip words , but that's what most experienced readers do: they learn to anticipate common word clusters and patterns . the only audio books i have ever ... try breaking the task into little pieces . keep breaking them until one is so small that there is no excuse but to do it . then work your way up . also , avoid multitasking . that is one of the biggest ... + 1 to looking for clubs / organizations that fit your interests . like rosodude , i made most of my friends in elementary and high school . most of my friends from college were in the same or similar ... my world music professor ( who was a former conductor and crazy , yet kind , conspiracy theorist ) said that the greatest gift of western european civilization to the world was classical music . while it ... wow , that seems weird because most intps have strong principles and normally value fairness . i can't really relate to this guy because i hated when people took things from me , especially if they ... philip glass - glassworks http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Stu7h7Qup8 you could have nebuly lines or a harpy ( the mythical type ) as a representation of wind . get your heraldic symbols meaning online today ! | heraldry and crests i am a creature of habit , and overall i often shy away from fashionable things as being too bourgeois ( or i guess too hipster in the current era ) . i've had the same hair style ( apart from it getting ... if you like japanese / samurai-themed shows , check out lone wolf and cub , the tv series . the 70s music can seem a little jarring with the pre-modern setting , but that's how it was for most shows . you ... awesome modern arabic music i heard on bbc radio 3 . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7hPyjuBygqU although i used be very active in the visual arts ( mainly drawing and painting ) , it seems playing music is what has stuck to me and what i turn to when i want to take a break from work . i think i ... travel is fatal to prejudice , bigotry , and narrow-mindedness , and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts . broad , wholesome , charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by ... travel is fatal to prejudice , bigotry , and narrow-mindedness , and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts . broad , wholesome , charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by ... i think he was irritated because he knew that pornography has an explicit or implicit sexual connotation ( and it definitely is not nudity by itself ) , but he could not voice that answer fast enough ... i usually go for the middle ground : good quality with a reasonable price . i spend an inordinate amount of time researching the minute details when interested in hobbies , and i have buyers remorse ... i am easy-going , but when push comes to shove ( this is usually when people have gone past the normal irritation to insults ) , i can demonstrate a sharp tongue ( one can say a lot even without ... i try to steer people toward positive thinking ( everything goes much more smoothly when people aren't in bad moods ) , but some people are so negative about their situation ( and gravitate to me since i ... i think the main focus should be penmanship and legibility over using cursive per se since we know people ( or ourselves ) who have such bad handwriting that they can't communicate effectively , if at ... because we think of all the possible outcomes and the overall picture ( this isn't so important ) , and we can easily justify to ourselves that procrastination / mediocrity is okay . i know that i get ... wow , some of these posts take not celebrating birthdays to an extreme . now , i don't go and announce my birthday to others , but i like compliments and don't think people are being disingenuous if they ... the last book i started to read was crime and punishment by dostoevsky . it's really good , but i just couldn't finish it before i had to return it . i mainly like realism in the context of landscapes , but i also like graphic-like fields like art nouveau , various asian painting styles ( especially japanese ukiyo-e ) , and russian folk-based art ... so , examples from multiple countries of intolerant atheists are just a few bad apples in your opinion , but you find no problem in lumping all religiously motivated violence throughout human history ... + 1 to ignoring it ; although , i'm not one to talk since i get few texts . you might be able to selectively block who can text you . the hebrides - felix mendelssohn . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M3_Px2yXVbw check again . atheism is not a magical pill that removes intolerance and extremism . during the cristero war in mexico , the very secular government ( governed by an atheist ) committed many atrocities ... humans seek to find meaning in everything , and hand / fingerprints are partially unique to an individual , people try to make correlations between the unique features and personality / fate . obviously , ... i don't think it is better or worse , and i didn't say anything about only associating . i am just giving explanations for why some people choose to self-segregate in certain conditions . i ... yeah , theism is belief one or more gods . that or automatically suggests multiple categories , and thus we have polytheism , monotheism , pantheism , etc . , all of which can be summed up as individual ... the definition only says does not believe in the existence of any deities and does not explicitly assert there to be none . you are adding your own interpretation by appending capability to the ... they aren't very appetizing raw and leave a weird aftertaste . they taste fine when cooked ( i . e . plantains ) . this is part of the larger nature-vs-nurture debate ( and surely nurture plays some role ) , but it has to do with the environment you grow up in . parents are the first teachers , and even for ... are you a minority ? i say that because i grew up as an indian-american in a majority white state , and i know that i quickly made friends with other south asians not just because of language ( it get's ... there are different types of theism , so why shouldn't there be different types of atheism ? oh wait , that would be a problem if you had a very narrow definition and unwilling to accept qualifiers ... that is an overgeneralization , but why is it so hard to understand ? groups depend on the individual members sharing some common aspects . people from the same ethnicity are likely to share many ... '