' thanks for sharing . this was the the part that touched me the most : my generation is on the way out , and each death i have felt as an abruption , a tearing away of part of myself . there will be ... welcome ! and as my roommate says : take off your coat , stay a while ! considerate creator your imagination , confidence , willingness to explore , and appreciation of beauty make you a creator . you are independent , and you enjoy your self-sufficiency . defying ... climate : sunny mediterranean ( relatively dry , sunny and mild , think spain or southern california ) - always've lived in seasonal climate areas . wonder what it would be like to have a nice day , ... fried fish with okra , sweet potato and brown rice 3:55 am in bed , can't sleep . homemade chocolate chip peanut butter cookies and a cup of earl grey tea . underwear - so i can be near you underdone - so i can be cooked some more underdue - so we have more time overies - cuz i'm a girl underlooked - so you see what's inside all over bite sorry , didn't notice it was for istps . but thanks , it was fun ! an otter ! small fun-loving communicative unassuming appealing finicky otters are petite , engaging creatures overflowing with positive energy . intelligent and bright , they are also popular , ... my first contact with mbti was through the book please understand me ii . ( david keirsey ) i wanted more info so i read type talk . ( otto kroeger & janet thuesen ) both good basic books , but lacked ... the 4 - hour chef by timothy ferriss press you know you're a judger when ... you have to give your opinion . india , russia , greece ( to visit ) africa ( to live or long stay ) rapid taste aside rants i definitely walk with a city strut / gait - but i've learned to gently & gracefully weave my way around people . ( time saving ) with ( city ) driving also , can easily weave in and out , and ahead of the ... spank movie : nacho libre sinai besides your gp you should see / speak with a psychotherapist . talking is good . helps get those emotional toxins out . physical activity - try walking , even if its indoors . ( or even walking in ... grain nope , it doesn't bother me - never has . ( perhaps because i myself struggle with punctuality ) i honestly don't mind waiting . i always have something to read / write with me . or there are so many ... smack hatch type 1 perfectionism | | 58 % type 2helpfulness 78 % type 3image focus 26 % type 4individualism | 66 % type ... on pandora , chill out radio , listening to glitter love by avatar i couldn't stand to see a dead ( whole ) chicken . when i was a kid my mom would make me season it - i hated it , it felt so wrong . the wings were like arms - it felt like a baby to me - i had ... phase ribbit bribe yearn drone carob why are we considered the worst personality type ? no , no , no this is not true . you guys are awesome . i've met a few infps . you guys are fun , spontaneous , easy-going and intelligent . there's a lot ... dear sleep , i don't get it . sometimes you're all over me . other times you don't want to come near me . what can i do to satisfy you ? sincerely , insomnious infj trust entp - the inventor you scored 100 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 100 f versus t , and 0 j versus p ! your ideal mate is known as the inventor . this type is a flirtateous and energetic romantic partner , ... thank you for sharing this . my favorite poet . i'm a pizza purist . first i try your basic cheese pizza . i'm a sauce person , so that's what will determine if i return and try your dressed-up pizzas . my favorite pizza shop : gabby's pizza , queens ny ... lee's fried chicken with a michelob amberbock dark lager beer . : happy : sp's are great at it and they enjoy it . i hate flirting or being flirted with / at . but i am always accused of flirting . it is not intentional - i think it's because i'm genuinely interested in people . mom : isfj dad : infj me : infj dad : infj mom : isfj sister : isfj brother : isfj my esfp friend made me take the test in the please understand me ii book . ( she was introduced to it by her estp friend ) i read the description and could not believe it . i thought i ... recently been looking into neuro-linguistic programming or nlp . the key concept behind neuro lingustic programming , is to re program your brain to think in a different way . richard bandler , is the ... at starbucks on a friday eve , drinking coffee , chasing pavements by adele is playing in the background . my sister is sitting in front of me with her i-pad . i'm just catching up on emails and checking ... '