' so ... they always say the first ones always the worst one , it'll get better with time , don't pick at it and it'll heal ... all that jazz . for those of you who don't know what i'm talking about i'm ... meh . usually i'll pay them like ... central attention . if it's a choice between going to a party with friends or talking with the person i'm really interested in , i'll usually pick her . if i can ... now , i'll see if i can't supply you with a good bit of advice in regards to what i'm currently going through with my better half . my girlfriend and i met in the city ( edmonton alberta , canada ; i'm ... that makes two of us xd here's something i wrote in response to a poem a friend of mine wrote . like i told him , it's open to interpretation , and also take into account that it took me 5 minutes to write . lol rainbow , ... as an enfp , i can tell you right now , if we're as attracted to you as you are to us , there is no way we will get bored of you . if we love you , as you are , for who you are , then there is nothing about ... don't sweat it , i'm the same way . usually x , in my case , has to do with an attraction to a potential significant other and rejection . or being friend zoned . bad day all around . :/ i am an enfp and i'm making a few lifestyle changes . for the better , you can rest assured of that . also , i was informed that i've been talking in my sleep all week . strange :/ i've got a friend who's the same way . loves his orchestral music . i like it too , the flow and dynamics are just awesome.always something happening in orchestral music , the rises and the falls , it's ... haha i couldn't agree more :) well , it works for me haha , and sometimes you can come up with some ... interesting ideas xd i've always found just dumping all your ideas onto a piece of paper helps with writing . just throw it all down there , and slap it together like a puzzle . or , if they don't fit together , put them ... you should post one of your pictures up here . i'm about 90 % exactly like you ... minus the artistic talent . i have expression through what i play , how i dress , as you can see , and failing to conform to society , yet being totally ( for the most ... i'm much the same way . love writing , try and start something , had something going ... then it got lost on a data transfer , never to be seen again . i have thus come to the conclusion that two heads are ... personally , i'm a sucker for piano ... elevator music some call it ... until you throw in something completely spectacular ... or do it live with a complete orchestra and choral group .  ... as a general rule , genisis is awesome . period . great choice lol what kind of music do you listen to ? what brings out your emotions , makes you want to move , sing , have a grand old time ? me , i'm all about the classics , classic rock , blues , jazz , all the stuff ... gryffindor for sure . loyal as a hound dog and , well , brave when the time calls for it . now , i've been wondering this for a while . how does each personality type typically artistically express them self ? i mean , i'm a good writer ... like ... i'm talking spontaneous awesomeness , for ... they should do a college humor video where they replace the ai in masterchiefs helmet with apple's siri i'll put it to you this way ; i can't begin to count how many times people have said that they want whatever it is i'm on . and my response is usually when i figure it out , you'll be the first to ... is it normal for me to start thinking about one thing , flash through about a million different things that all have something extremely minor in common with each-other , and then end up thinking of ... power nap brah , power nap nah , not really . i bro hug all the time . i like the way he thinks stop ... just ... just stop oh , and my personal favorite aaahahahhahhahahahahahaahaahahahahhaaahha ! ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LfHFbjQJJ70 best band ever ! ! ! songs are just ... so musical , complex , intimate . so much piano rock ' n roll ! it hits you deep , to be sure . - blank slate - ... yeah , i think i've got add or something , i start off thinking of something , then i think of something related to that something , and i keep doing that until i get to a topic that , to ... keepin ' it classy . the sexy sinatra fedora , shades all the time . no option ( well , except when i'm at work , i'm a mechanic lol ) . a nice shirt , tucked in usually , top button undone so it gives the ... yeah , i've had a dream like that once . only i looked like idiana jones , and i was doing it in a tent with a very , very beautiful blonde girl ... not sure who she was though . regardless , good times . yeah , i've had a dream like that once . only i looked like idiana jones , and i was doing it in a tent with a very , very beautiful blonde girl ... not sure who she was though . regardless , good times . http://personalitycafe.com/image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAgAAAQABAAD//gAEKgD/4gIcSUNDX1BST0ZJTEUAAQEAAAIMbGNtcwIQAABtbnRyUkdCIFhZWiAH3AABABkAAwApADlhY3NwQVBQTAAA9tY ... well , i'm not sure if it was the cherry whiskey , but this is what i dreamed about last night i was at work , and there were about 4 of us , me and my buddy , and then a couple other people driving ... my best friend is an intp . and of course , i have lots of other friends , i just haven't taken the time to figure out what they're personality types are yet xd . but i usually tend to get along with ... well , a lot of what's going on in my mind has changed since i last posted in here ... oh ... about a year ago . first off all , i've been graduated from high school and two weeks out , thrown into the ... based on what i've read , and from my own experiences , i believe that it's safe to say that , in most situations , the one we have a great connection with , is the one that we don't have a chance at ... lol , i tend to get angry at something when i sleep talk , i was told once that i yelled out who the hell put that stick on the fence ? ! ? ! . : confused : i had a friend who once held a fluent conversation with his younger brother while his younger brother was asleep ( my friend was awake ) . i don't remember all the details , but it was pretty cool . lol , perfectly understandable : cool : [ quote = tridentus ; 2569221 ] for me , there are two types of crushes - crushes which begin the moment i see someone , instant attraction , and some crushes where feelings develop over time . for the first ... i myself tend to puff up when someone gives me a praise of some sort . i think that having pride isn't such a bad thing , so long as it doesn't make you a pompous asshole , pardon the language , it's ... i find myself to be quite overly affectioate too ... i'm told that people are creeped out by it . one example , theres this group of girls i meet , we talk , we jibba jab , some people start calling ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9XLgsIdsBWc not sure if this says much about me , but i onced did this random dance for my social class back in the day that ended up on youtube , enjoy ! : laughing : my virtues , my class , and where there worlds going to be in the next 10 years , and how best to go about world domination ... well , i ; m not so serious about that , but the theories i've come up with are ... lol , as it goes , i can't post pics ( need to get 15 posts up before i can do that ) , but just look at my avatar , i'm the one in the hat . i like to dress semi-formal , wear the collared shirt , black ... lol , no need for the formalities :) , but the feelings mutual :p roud : i was told that i once yelled in my sleep ... hey again everyone , i'm doing a pole , and would love your input ; how many of you talk in your sleep ? post below ! thanks again ! hey everyone , question for ya ; is it typical for an enfp to kill a joke ? as it goes , i was dubbed the quickest joke killer in our school ; good thing i'm graduating in a couple weeks ! in any case , ... hey shaivan , nice to meet ya ! i'm actually much the same , what with the whole talking fast and frequently changing subjects and the like . in fact , just a few minutes ago , i grabbed a desk from a ... '