' thank you for everyone's advice . i'll try to take what people have said here , and try to feel better . in that situation i would've ignored them , or i would've glared at them menacingly ... perhaps i would smile sarcastically and say excuse me ? is there a problem but the chances of that are very ... erbse yeah i guess so , but i've been through ... i don't know , a lot of unfortunate events so that's why i have such hard depression . but i'm pretty sure i am enfp . i guess that really is the ... i daydream about romantic scenes with my partner . about being a successful singer / actress in asia ( taiwan or korea ) ... having magical powers ( this one is slightly embarassing to share ) taking ... dishonesty if i type a paragraph , please dont respond to me with lol or nice , if youre not going to make an effort in our conversation then dont start one with me ... it pisses me off so bad ... hahah i'm super touchy feely , to the point where people don't understand at all why . i'm the friend who feels super comfortable sitting on her friends and hugging them all the time , but i like to ... erbse thats actually what i thought too , that i was either isfp or infp but for some reason there were lots that didn't match up to my personality . i am actually quite sure that i'm neither of them ... first of all , i can't go for therapy , i don't have a job to pay for it and i don't want to ask my parents . they wouldn't understand , they would think that i am strange and crazy ... and probably get ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kXg_e83PFUM i'm feeling really sick to my stomach with depression , and i like listening to sad music . i learned recently that i really like introverts , they seem to be more ... like someone else said earlier : different . and another thing i like about them is they seem more sensitive and caring . i ... it's okay , you're not allowed . i've never liked poetry either , on reading comps , i always do really well on every other type , except maybe shakespearean plays . i hope that doesn't make me a idiot , ... i had a whole slew of dreams yesterday 1 . my partner said that he was leaving me on msn and then i went through pretty much a breakdown and tried convincing him not to . 2 . something to do with ... hmmm i go on it , but i can't say i like it . i mean , i communicate with my friends over it and stuff , but it's really dramatic . all people use it to do is complain about various things and get giant ... depression , ocd , and laziness ... i just had a bowl of cereal , that was my dinner at 1 am . i haven't been diagnosed but i always get ... do you have add ? but yeah add not adhd maybe . i don't like sharing everything about me to anyone , because often my ideas and thoughts are really ... different from the norm , i guess . i was hurt and back stabbed by all my ' friends ' in the past , ... i was in japanese class and my friend and i overheard someone's conversation from the other side of the room . male : we celebrated my aunt's 31st birthday on saturday ! girl : how old is she ? we ... i had a dream about nothing unfortunately . although all the dreams i've had are either horror nightmares or nightmares about loss that terrify me . so i guess i'm satisfied that i'm not having any ... welcome to the forum (: . dear [ ] , i don't understand why i love you so much , or why you're one of those few very special people i can't bear to have leave me . others built up those feelings with years of developing ... apparently one time i went to the stairs , and stood there staring at it blankly . my mom was really confused and asked me if i were alright , and then right when i was about to fling myself off the top ... i also tested as sluei , i can relate to nearly all of those things on the list . i really can't stand horror movies , they linger in my mind for years . i'll have continuous dreams of them , or i'll see things out of the corner of my eye that are similar to what were in the movies ... omggshh true , she too is completely different bodily shaped than me . our body shapes are like that too . i as well try and point out her assets that are better than mine in some areas ( larger chest , i ... pizal yeah , i don't really see it as a guy problem either . i rarely hear of guys copying someone else to this degree . that may be the problem . she is really insecure about her looks , she'll ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_IBSkxfNn8 this song makes me feel sad , yet calm somehow . hahah , your description of people avoiding people they like is / exactly like me . i'm the same as you with being uncomfortable in a group too , a lot of people end up telling me ... you were so quiet ... pizal if she acts that way , then sometimes her attitude doesn't say so . i'm pretty sure she's jealous of me , but she always puts on a attitude that she's better than me or she'll do something mean if ... its funny because before i used to loathe kissing , however now that ive found someone i really like , i loveee making out . it all depends if im deeply attracted to that person . yes . yes i am . ( lol ) ! same here , mostly that one friend who can't seem to stop taking my style of doing things ... ugh . eerie , you're so lucky , you have no idea how lucky you are . i wish i could get a healthier perspective to it . it's just that , i feel the need to change every time she copies me . and this has been happening over and over , i feel if i confront her about it , ... do you get annoyed when others copy you ? there's quite a low population of asians in our school , and i was the only one to dye my hair brown . then one of my close friends went and dyed her hair the ... your screen name = so cute lol . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SyMIF8oNWxE i wanted to listen to something catchy tonight . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eKoGcVukZcE&feature=player_embedded i need the romaji lyrics for this song so i can sing it . i can't read the kanji , but i can read all of the hiragana . can anyone ... last text message received : boo ! attempting to learn a new song to sing . i'm really bad with my surroundings , often people have to worry about me getting hit by a car . sometimes i just don't pay attention when i'm on the roads enough , and i've been repeatedly almost been ... n / a i'm just an only child . - sigh - i wish i had siblings sometimes . i have around 6 water bottles in my room ... and that's after collecting a bunch already and recycling them . i'm not sure how i get so many .. i'm usually dehydrated cause i don't drink enough water , ... mandarin chinese was my first language . i'm fluent in both mando and english . i also know basic japanese ( classes ) and korean ( watching a lot of k-tv ) . don't hesitate . do it . now . oao > u < qaq ! > a < = = nevermind , i believe i have figured it out . i would contact her if i were you . personally , even if i really want to talk to a certain individual , i always wait for them to contact me first . or else i'll be miserable and keep waiting and ... i like to be called lina , and i'm here to try and learn more about myself . i also find a lot of the topics on this forum to be a really interesting ahahah . hmmm i don't know what else to say so ... favorite : biology and psychology . least favorite : physics and english . i wouldn't necessarily call that description perfect in my opinion , i only mentioned more of ... cleanliness i suppose , neither am i looking for the absolute ' perfect ' guy because no one is perfect ... '