' okay guys . need help . so the situation is that a few days ago my boyfriend of just over a month broke up with me because the relationship with ' too intense ' and he wasn't the ' type of guy ' for a ... yes . my mother was an alcoholic and neglected me as a child so it was pretty traumatic ( not going into the details ) . and then this year i had a pretty horrendous situation with my ex-boyfriend as ... fallingfoxes thomthom 1 angelcarnivore micktravis thank you all very much . indubitably it's very hard but life does move on . being around this age is very difficult and a bit crazy i have to admit , ... thank you very much ! i don't really know if it's appropriate to say this but i'm going to anyway . i recently realised that a few months ago ( back in september ) i suffered from a mental breakdown . i hate it when people ... what happens to one when they confront an istj ? istj father offended me with some untrue statements . obviously he thinks he's right . usually i just don't talk to him but what would happen if i ... angelcarnivore , thomthom 1 , fallingfoxes and ai.tran . 75 thank you for being encouraging , you all are really helpful and such kind people . i had a bit to drink last night so it didn't help , i'm ... probably a personal question but i always find enfps uplifting . what do you do when times are bad and feel no escape ? quite honestly , i'm going through a rough time right now and feel so very alone . no , we live far apart and have never met in person . not his girlfriend either , it puzzled me a bit . haha , too scared to . i'll ask him when i'm drunk . question : what does it mean when he calls you lover ? it's probably obvious but i'm stupid when it comes to stuff like this :') i personally struggle with anxiety and bipolar disorder . i'm disorganised , my mood is unpredictable and he hates how impulsive i am . he thinks it's ' all in my head ' . it's really shitty . i don't know ... my dad's an istj and at times it can be absolutely wonderful and others it's a nightmare . for a while now we've been having arguments . it's pretty complicated but i've decided i don't particularly ... agreed ! i think the media enhances it on a mass scale before it was more so in smaller pockets of society . i don't disagree with you at all . the media is just a modern way of displaying it . nonetheless , we ... i love how you compartmentalise your thoughts , as if it's an office or something , i really like that . the way i think is more like a spider's cobweb :') . i don't mean it in a labelling sense , i ... thanks for the awesome and detailed reply ! yes , more so curious . not giving me much at all but i can't expect that either , we're in an art classroom . he's most likely pre-occupied by the work ... interesting . quite a cynical way of viewing things in my opinion but i can also see your perspective too . we're not obliged to do anything and as a collective we should at least contribute some ... ah hah ! makes more sense now . you guys aren't as scary as i thought you'd be : wink : i really do appreciate the way you think . well , i won't really fret over it - i'll just be myself , but he did catch ... i do like istjs up to a point , however i hate the whole rigidness of it . fathers are great as istjs but friendships is a big no . thank you eyesopen , santafox , kinkaid and lilysocks . that's very helpful . it makes more sense now . i would like to start a conversation but i do find him intimidating ( with the blank stare ) but ... social hierarchies . he likes to push people's boundaries . he only recently started a new job and he confronted the debuty about how they ordered stationary and he tried to display his way of doing ... do you find that if you keep retracing the same things you can have a distorted view on things ? for example , i met this enfp not long ago and he kept going on and on about his ex-girlfriend , making ... i was wondering , since i'm quite a loud individual , does that tend to steer away intjs ? what are your thoughts on someone ( a girl specifically ) who is rather chatty , not in a trivial sense but can ... alright . are enfps ways of thinking quite similar ? for example , likes to think back to events ( sometimes the interpretations can be deluded ) or does that come with maturity ? can you learn to ground ... tanstaafl 28 apologies for the extremely late reply . haven't been on here for a while . yes , i figured he's an istj . he is very concentrated on consequences , unlike me who cannot see them at all ... it's been donkey years since i've been on this thread ! god , i do love enfps . always really lovely to be around . i find since going to college i've met loads of enfps . and you find that each one is ... do you find that you're quite intolerant of people ? especially those who are indecisive or really swayed by their emotions ? sorry i didn't reply , it was nothing to do with you i was just busy . and ... this has racked my brain for a very long time and i still can't figure out what his personality type is . firstly , i thought he was an infj but infjs love people , however , he is very cynical of them ... hmmm but i suppose if they talk to you every night is it a bit different ? quick question . if you really liked someone but not enough to prioritise them ( so you text them in the night ) , and they suddenly stopped talking to you for a few days , what would you do ? oh my god ! thank god for that > . < ! ! i thought i was the only one . do you ever just continuously read or re-think what they said to you and try to pick that apart even if it has no singificance ? or ... they're fantastic aren't they ? i've recently started to become friends with one . my two best friends are infp and infj but at parties they're both very quiet so i feel i cannot fully be myself ... opinions on istps ? no no no , you don't just poke them on facebook - you poke them in real life too . you must go to the most extreme lengths of finding out where they live , you find out their daily routine , follow them ... haha yeah i see your point of view . it's more of the choice of wording people may use . ahhh don't worry - i do take them : wink : you look nice today . i know . uhm no i don't think about ... polexia ohhh i was not impressed with the layout so i made a new one and tried to improve it : laughing : i thought i'd make a thread telling the signs of a female entp liking you , since a female entp is more rare than a male entp . plus , there is a slight differentiation of behaviour between the two ... n quick question , do enfps crave space ? and is it often ? i think things are becoming more serious now , previously it was child-like and cute i suppose , but now reality has sort-of settled in and we've realised that this is something that is needed to be ... hahah that song is awesome alright . sorry , i've been off and on this a lot lately - i've had exams and other exterior activities i've had to commit to . either way , it's given me a lot of time to think about things about ... hi all ! ! sorry i haven't been on this for agggeeesss ! ! hope things are going well with everyone :D i know three , 3.14 nice ! to have been mentioned by the legendary drunk parrot . :D i'm 16 turning 17 . roeduif , let's be friends . :) [ / quote ] that's cool . i'm 15 turning 16 aha ! :) okay thank you . it's difficult deciphering what hereally feels but i'll give him some space for now . luckily i'm not too bothered by this kind of stuff but it can become unnerving at times . only ... perhaps . i prefer introverts romantically , especially when at social situations . being in a relationship with an extrovert was very difficult especially when going out for events because we'd both ... islandlight thank you ! being extroverted can be very difficult particularly when you get more involved with them . my previous boyfriend was an enfp so i got used to him always talking to me ... that , intonyp and kaleidoscope thank you for the reassurance ! i've known him for a few months now , and the more and more i get to know him , the more i like him . intps never fail to surprise you ... '