i'd travel the whole world and hug every person on perc ; especially intjs - they like hugs . heh , you're suffering from the soundtrack overload then . :) i know the feeling . yeah , his earlier things are much different . i hope you can find them . back then i used to find them here and there ... there's awkward and then there's me . only i can fall arse first onto some dude's lap on a bus , then get up and apologise only to face plant on the floor the next moment ... but doing the face planting ... yeah , i agree , it was flatter than the kyd's work . few years ago i used to stalk kyd's compositions around . finding and listening to his stuff . i remember when i first discovered him , i was totally ... yeah , i bet the north states are all work and no play , so to speak . now i wonder , if you've picked up the southern accent as well ... if so , it's amazing ; so soulful and spirited . i knew boo , but sha ... the soundtracks were truly appreciated . yeah , the post-kyd change was really noticeable , but it wasn't bad . for some reason , the last ost reminded me of david arnold's 007 casino royale . not sure ... hmmm , i dunno . for me , it usually goes like this : someone tells me their name = = > zips right by me . i basically have to see it written or specifically ask it . it's really annoying because it's so ... i was relaxing and really opening up my soul for emotional input . i was listening to beautiful music and feeling every note , living and breathing the music . in other words i was sensitive and ... if a girl tries to pick me up , i want her to be inventively insulting and rude . she would say : ' you don't look like the sharpest tool in the shed and your dress sense is repugnant . wanna shag ? ' ... yes , i enjoyed it . i was quite amazed how much jesper kyd has evolved . even so much , that at some places it was hard to hear him in the music . but his signature sound was still there . :) oh and ... oh and receives a special thank you for putting that skyrim ost there . i always expected it to be more march-like and dull like that , since i haven't played the game and know nothing of ... yayy ! so gin wigmore it was ! quite the coincidence since i've been wondering in my head what the name of that new zealander singer was . that ' hey ho ' song used to play on radio couple of years ago ... when you're rubbing your nose against your dog's nose and you're thinking how effortless wagging a tail is compared to smiling . this song just glitters ! i love it ! : blushed : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lBu6uwLX4SQ this quote is the perfect example why the enfp kind is awesome . world would suck without you . a fact . not kinda maybe either . :p roud : * jumps back into hiding * that one famous ship ? gahhh ... i know everybody blamed the iceberg . but it was me . i sank the goddamn boat . rose , i'm coming home ! ! now i know . : happy : but is it really a thing ? i mean in real life somewhere out there . only time i've seen ' the number of the beast ' being a deal , has been in hollywood films . just asking , in case if ... pardon my language but what the fuck ? ! now that i got that out of the way i may proceed to say my opinion . yes , you have all the right to be upset for that kind of treatment . i mean , how ... i'm even weirder : when i talk to americans , i say anyways , but anyway to others . i don't even do this consciously . perhaps some kind of a subconscious need to meet people's expectations . now ... * shrug * i guess i pronounce it like most people , by using klingon . well , the previous poster made my day by complimenting my avatar ! that turned this day from : ' so and so ' to ' great ' . : happy : ' splodey with a gooey things lover ? well , guilty as charged . : happy : though i have to correct you that i'm not a fellow enfp but a unicorn infj . but i kinda do like to lurk in enfp forum because you ... let's see ... 1 : i put cds to a portable toilet paper holder . you know . hanging them from the centre hole . so it's kinda the same . 2 : well ... you got me on that one . i don't do that . :D 3 : i ... dearest fishbowl girl . i find this thread an act of bravery and maturity . i think it proves that bitterness is not something that you've been cursed into for ever . i'm very proud of you . i will of ... reading your post . nodding . and listening to the song . that's all . : kitteh : i just realised that introverted innovator has 666 posts . aaand i have no idea where i'm going with this . : laughing : i'm not sure if my words are healing or not , but one must try - especially since your posts have many times cheered me up when my chips have been down . remember that you are special . what ever ... now that i think of it , i've never heard that in real life . so , i guess it's just one of those things everyone assumes . how dull . although my ability to express emotions in public is almost nil , i'd ... good question . i can conjure up two points . i . i like horror because it makes me go into a special mood . especially the old kind of fancy artsy horror , ( surprisingly i can't think of any examples , ... blimey ! i was forgetting the hug where either one or both of the participants fall asleep for a bit during hugging because it's just that good . ah , yes . there could be problems deciding that , ... ayasullivan ooh , i listened to the songs you linked . absolutely brilliant ! thank you ever so much ! and it's raining outside , so it's a perfect setting as well . me is in heaven . : happy : kwoon is ... ah , thank you . i shall give them a listen . after doing this boring thing called sleeping . well , it's not boring . as a matter of fact i enjoy sleeping . :) oh and yes . this thread indeed is the most ... i'm thinking more along the lines of setting up a school of hugs . different disciplines of hugging and so on . like : everyday hug running & colliding hug climbing hug silent but warm hug hug ... this is so melancholic and beautiful . http://mimifee.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/590346-1920x1200-shenhaiyuyouformidable1.jpg ayasullivan ah , you posted jesper kyd . one of my all time favourite game composers ! :) i've been trying to think of something similar to link here as i promised , but didn't find anything ; oh and ... i know ! you know what's my pet peeve ? those pat-on-the-back hugs ! i mean , it's like , ' there you go , are we done now ? ' no ! if a hug isn't illegal in 20 countries and ohio , it ain't a hug ! you see , ... elizindrhythm awww , your post was so awesome ! you're absolutely hilarious . : happy : i can totally see the friend bonding thing over gangnam style . the best bonding always happens when laughing your ... dude one : ' kaleidoscope ? hmmm ... that name sounds familiar . ' dude two : ' dude ! don't you know her ? she's on perc ! ' dude one : ' perc ? personal coaches ? ' dude two : ' dude , omg ! you are so out of it ! ... http://i48.tinypic.com/i422qg.jpg no , no . it's nothing . of course , i invite rdj to congratulate you for reaching 1000 posts . he is happy doing stuff like that , in addition to his living alarm ... ayasullivan i hope you will get your reply from deadmau 5 ' s twitter . he must be awfully busy , if he's working on an album . oh and , post rock . i have listened to giaa for a while now and it rocks ... thank you for the videos - i loved them . he really does sound like a great person . i expected him to be like your typical musician , i . e . mr party pete . but he wasn't - he's very down to earth and ... alan wake is pretty much a mindfuck . i do recommend you to play it . i find it interesting . just not alone in the dark , during a thunderstorm with potential ax murderers lurking behind the windows ... the vid sent me on a deadmau 5 rampage . it's always been on my to-do list to check out deadmau 5 . i've only listened passingly when someone else has listened to him . have to say that it sounds amazing ... yayy ! at last i'm faster at something . :) meant to post it two weeks ago when i first heard it . oh ! that castlevania piece was smashing ! danced to it whilst having breakfast ... haha ! looney house , ... ah , les coréens . quelle merveille . :-) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0 i deleted mine somewhere in 2007 . never looked back . i prefer face-to-face , although , spamming someone that way takes a lot of practice . 45571 off the top of my head , i'd say asia's aria . that album is just a gem . http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-dlAbXiWcjCw/Twlzo4M7gLI/AAAGN0/EGCUtxThLco/s1600/Asia-Aria-Frontal.jpg 10 000 ! wowsers ! ! that's a load of posts ! congrats ! :) i'm always up for a social experiment ! * takes off clothes * i mean , i assume , one can't participate wearing clothes . though , once i was at a party , and we wore clothes . : unsure : once i was at a fair and there was this surgeon promoting his clinic . he didn't understand why i didn't want plastic surgery . i'm just not that focused on looks . especially my own . i'm too ...