' sorry i still can't determine the order , right now i have you as xnfp leaning infp . maybe you can tell us about your childhood . what were you like as a child ? were you always looking for new ... looks like we made a hasty call . i'll do my own analysis when i have time . thank you fried eggz ok , i have your functions down , now to determine the order . i'm pretty sure i have the order down as well , but the answer to these questions will confirm it . your confusion is probably coming ... shinypsyduck ok some more questions . pick an object nearby , tell us what it is . now take 5 minutes to think about it , tell us everything that came to your mind . okay , i was just goofing off , but now i suppose i have to try and type velocirational now . velocirational can you fill out the following ? 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer ... you're right what you wrote was very dry and boring . :) it was meant to be baseless . because you are clearly not an intp , i thought it was a joke and if it wasn't it should be . hahah j / k , if it counts for anything , i think you're cool because :) from your earlier posts it was easy to quickly find that you are an extrovert and that it is your intuition which is extroverted and dominant . however it was unclear what your auxiliary was because ... arkigos how organized do you to think of yourself as ? hahaha good one i meant short within the context , although i might have misread this one as it seem she reached a funny conclusion about the ... it comes from mastery of your world , until you figure out people you won't extrovert with them , rather outwardly controlling ideas and objects instead . you will try to control or interact with ... te is extroversion on things , a strong te can even view people as just another thing to move , corral , control , etc . conclusion intj - i didn't feel like i needed to respond since vive has already presented my view . you are an entj . an impatiant an immature one . not in a bad way , you just need to mature . an intj spends more time in thier inner world ( ni ) , they peice it together beter and have a better ... oh i did miss the point . thanks arkigos very convincing . so you see aux se vs tert se which isn't much of a difference really . but we disagree on te and ti ... interesting ok this confirms fe and ti . you are an entp . i'll give you a full analysis tomorrow . all types would have a blind spot , let's see for infp it might be a disdain for outward organization . and thus making navigating their world more difficult than it need be . but then again the ... ok it's late so this is going to be stream of conscious . ni - i don't think it's like a spark , it seems to be always on for me . my wife picked up a children's book and about two pages in she ... the way i experience ni is in visions , which i then communicate as metaphors . for instance we needed to create a process which spawns off child processes which come back to the parent . but the ... i type you as an entj and possible intj i will follow up with analysis later . within the framework of mbti i have come up with a hypothesis on how personality develops in an individual . this may not be new , and certainly has no bearing on any real studies . it is a model just ... no i have to say that the opposite of intp in cognitive functions is not intj it's isfp . and by behavior it's probably esfj opposing attitudes might be hard to grasp but can lead to the same ... i disagree i am seeing infj in fact you seem to be a very strong ni , maybe too strong , if you see a better idea but don't want to change it's probably because you don't want to go through the mental ... fill this out 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information ... can you answer the following questions to help in the typing process ? a chart is shown to you with no key . there are three colors being used red green and yellow , but they don't seem to be ... lol it wasn't until you said this and yes it's not that easy typing young people . sorry . :( that i was sure about seeing fi in you . by the way you seem like a really cool person . what's ... i am pretty sure you did mistype yourself , and you are indeed enfp . you're either an infp or an enfp . i am leaning infp but i really have no idea . you said you mull over things more often , but what would you prefer to be doing ? how i feel ... fi yes te ... if i have to decide now , i would say enfp ! but i can't be certain . lol , sorry maybe someone else can give this a shot . here's a question , how do you feel when someone tells you in an emotional ... ok , another question . what are some of your favorite ideas and describe to us why you like it . i'm starting to see that it's not easy to type young people . i have no influence on your impression of entj's . i presume the funding for free access to well funded public schools must come from taxes . do you believe in progressive tax , and how does this not impinge on economic freedom ? in other words what ... i can safely say that you are an infp . and you sound pretty balanced . or you are a stressed / strange xstj . don't look at the profiles to type yourself , they are averages at best , and probably ... because there is nothing which tells me that you are blatantly ti or te , and fe or fi . it's not clear how you are making your judgments . it seems that your ne dwarfs everything else , and it ... in most cases useful definitions are all that you need . ok i am going with entp for now , although you sound like me when i was younger , there is just something about the way you like to expound on an issue continually , and the self confirmation bit that ... when you joke around do you ever find yourself making personal attacks on people just for the fun of it ? sort of like a kind ribbing ? are you religious ? and if so why ? if not why ? when you ... i am going with entp for now , but i need more information , this could take awhile . the only thing i can say at this point for sure is ne dominant . and everything seems to be pointing to entp . ... ok let's try this look out your window and tell us your impressions of it . sorry a few more questions . when you hear a new idea how do you react internally , and externally ? do you like planning ? if so give an example . while driving to work or school you encounter ... everyone get's angry , don't beat yourself over it . and many people don't show it and keep their anger and sadness hidden from the world . i have some more questions if you have the patience for ... i agree with promethea , using the profiles to type yourself leads to all kinds of problems , including like promethia said trying to fit the mold . but there is value to understanding the cognitive ... i have a good idea already but fill this out just to make sure . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , ... sorry i still have no idea ... lol i have some follow up questions . find out how to fix it how would you go about finding out how to fix the car ? find a picture on the inter-webs , paste the ... i have a good idea but i would like you to answer these questions . i probably repress my sensitivity due to the fact i am quite sensitive to criticism what specifically about criticism are you ... fill this out 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information ... fill this out 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information ... when you have a conversation with someone , you may tend to think to yourself that they would not reach the same conclusions if only they were set straight , or had the same knowledge as you . you are ... '