' i don't like arguing with people because it seems pointless to me . i try to solve the issue as soon as possible and just move on and not waste any time . i also hate postponing things when it comes to ... if you haven't watched deadwood yet , hahaha . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LBMsXcSTi4s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PJzNUydlQ4I https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E84VqqCPI7w upholder . proud of myself . thank you for your response as always ma'am . i will definitely contribute more to conversations , and ask for her input about things and opinions regarding current events for example . we both have ... thank you for your informative response ! i will definitely heed your advice and i will try to come up with some interesting and good questions and i will try to hold an interesting conversation ... i would really appreciate anything . also , i forgot to add that i offered to have coffee at starbucks on campus after class . we will meet , but i don't know what to say . hello there , this is my first time posting in the enfp forum , but i'd like to ask all of you for your advice and feedback . i'm an istj male . i'm 20 years old , attending college and ... that's ... hello there and welcome . i know this might sound as random or unusual , but did you spell-check your post before posting it ? i noticed a lot of randomness in your posts , and you use a lot of ... i really don't know , but i think i have a weird sense of humor , or a dark one . i remember when i went to the movies to watch jurassic , and there was a scene where a fat person was running , and the ... thanks ... i guess . not really a fond of taking selfies , and i do not have a lot of pictures of myself , but here are a couple of pictures : in the car , awkwardly taking a picture of myself : 376018 and here's a ... this . no comment . ^ this . lol . exactly . you should hold your self responsible and take other factors into account , and not be so selfish . and assessment is critical as my fellow colleague have stated . well the sign states stop , there is no other text stating slow down if no cars are coming . therefore by law , you're required to make a full stop . you should do so even if you're in the middle of ... * random careless driver who does not follow the law comes to a stop sign , doesn't stop but slow down and drive off ... * me : * whilst being furious in my car * it says stop not slow down you ... well said brother . as the poster above have mentioned , i'm also anti-smoking marijuana and in general as well . i also am against legalizing marijuana , and i think things are better off just the way they are right now , ... well , i skimmed your post and my advice is do what you want to do in life . life is short , and you just have to do what you enjoy doing in life . do you want to live the rest of your life miserable ... to me , he respects time and does not make any bullshit excuses just to not be on time . i find this as a normal and well behavior . but that's just me ... i can never tolerate people who are late . it just shows that they're irresponsible and rude . man , if know you're going to be late , for let's say a morning meeting , then wake up early and judge ... well ... if for example , you send me a message in facebook , asking me for my opinion or about a song or whatever , and i've read the message and did not respond , then there are two explanations for ... i'm an istj , but most of what the estj's implied in this thread , seems to applicable to me as well . i dislike people who are emotional most of the time . i do not have a problem with them , ... if i were you , i would just say screw you guys , i'm going home . seriously though , just don't give it too much attention . these type of people aren't worth taking them seriously , it's like ... well ... i try to appear calm and confident and try not to break down in front of anyone . but if something really saddens me , like a close family member passes away , i'm initially shocked , and i'll ... i'm serious most of the time . it's just me , i mean ... my friends , siblings , colleagues often see me too serious . i sometimes don't notice how serious i am to be honest , when they say that i'm too ... never drank , never will . i prefer staying sober so i do not make a mistake that i will regret for the rest of my life . being drunk is just bad and it misrepresents you , and your family . that's ... yes , i was being serious hisham . you're right , we all have different senses of humor , and what you see acceptable might not be so much to me . that's why i like this forums and that's why i ... yeah , i already did read the first paragraph of your post , but i stopped there . i know you didn't mean it , and it was all for attention , i'm just giving my honest opinion of your thread overall . i ... can't believe you actually wrote that as the title of your thread . even if you aren't going to kill your parents and you were just joking about it , just speaks about your attitude , especially ... my recent interesting , vague , dream was me being in uniform , employed as a law enforcement officer . i don't know where was i , but i was on foot and it was daylight . i confronted a suspicious ... istj - law enforcement officer . my goal in life is to ensure law , order and stability . i follow all the rules , and i expect everyone else to stay in line and follow the rules as well . i believe ... roger that . thank you . trying to get 15 posts or above to pm a fellow member on this forums . i'm trying to familiarize myself by navigating through this forums . i'm doing good so far . i will try my best to keep my day wonderful and meaningful . i'm thinking of how to make society a safer and stable place . i want law and order , and i can't tolerate chaos or mayhem for whatever reason . rules are rules , i follow them and all others should ... congratulations . hello sir , i was just speaking out of experience from being on other forums where there weren't much advertisements . oh , and if it's illegal then it's illegal , no way around that , . we can't ... i'm new to this forums , but i can't disagree with my fellow istj colleague 007phantom . you're totally right in your posts , and i'm in the same situation as you are . i'm trying to pm you something , ... welcome . thank you for welcoming me on this forums . have a good day sir . welcome . welcome . hello personalitycafe community : i'm a newly registered user on this forum , and this forum caught my attention because of the valuable information presented . i'm an istj personality type male , and ... '