' doing what you like is freedom , liking what you do is happiness . funny you say that , i don't even like to wear sunglasses ' cause i feel blind ^ ^ i just know i wanna do certain things in life . when though ... is not important . as long as i do em before i die . and then again , if i dont get around to doing it ... no big deal . yeah , i agree with the others . i just don't show stress when i feel it . i basically sorta shut down and try to deal with whatever is causing that stress so it'll go away again . i truly hate it ! but ... i'd say : if you're a confident person - show that . stand to your opinions , listen , and ask her questions . talk about concrete subjects . try not to small talk ? ( maybe that's just me , but i like real ... so many questions .. but what the hell . i'm bored . do you like brainstorming ? yeah , sure . are you guys usually thinking so much you have no idea what you wanted to do / what's going on around ... idk , i don't go a lot but when i do , i have fun . i have this motto - either all the way or no way . so yeah . i'm all in when i go : tongue : of course i'm a woman , but the way he reacts is exactly how i react when asked what do you wanna do . i seriously , honestly don't really care most of the time . i'm pretty sure i can speak for most ... if i like someone ... i tell them . plus , if they go along , i'll flirt in all sorts of ways . and i'm dead honest about what i like about you . nice eyes ? i'll tell you . sexy body ? i'll tell you ... you ... hm , i think there were several reasons . i wanted to work a social job ( as compared to being stuck in an office ) , i found the idea of being able to set i.vs , give meds , etc , exciting , i like the fact ... confident . muscles . nice eyes . manly . knows what he wants . risk-taker . loyal . not pushy . easy going . happy by nature ( who likes gloomy .. ) . hard worker . works out , takes care of his body ( not a must ... someone up there said it best : we're feminine in appearance but masculine in behavior . that basically sums it up .. i'll be that sexy ass girl in high heels who'd rather go shoot guns or drive a ... i don't like getting drunk but when i do i get super happy , silly , flirty , but i don't throw myself at people . i do the whole hard to get role . i'm also super open . and i say nice things to people ... no . takes too much unnecessary energy to get upset about almost anything . more like .. character traits i find myself attracted to : confidence ( ! ! ! ) someone who knows how to have fun rule breakers risk takers laughter fearless that who gives a fuck attitude ... there's two types of pains , physical pain and that ... odd ... emotional pain ( soul pain ? ) anyways . i know that i'm honest about physical pain ( if it hurts like crazy , i'll be honest about it ... just to name a few ... i don't knowww , what are you taking / doing ? - for goodness sakes , choosing btwn coke zero and coke is really not such a big decision , just take one ! what's wrong , ... i'm studying nursing and i know as soon as i'm done ( next year ) i'll want to do anything but stay in the field . just can't see my life in a hospital , same old stuff everyday ... i don't know what i'm ... two years ago when i had to leave my home ( the us ) and move to europe . doesn't sound like anything anyone would be upset about but ... being forced to leave a place i thought was my home and would be ... my mom's an isfj and i'm an istp . communication's actually great between us , just a few small details . 1 ) when she asks me to do something , she often leaves out important information and then gets ... mine's got to be iron man . seriously , he's just crazy cool . what're yours ? fav tv show : lost , himym , trauma , terra nova , revolution , new girl , 24 you buy something new ( be it a camera , computer , you name it ... ) and without even giving the manual a glance , you start trying out your new toy : kitteh : honestly ... i don't think i've ever read a ... being stuck in a world where people are so set on traditions and how its always been ... seriously , give new ideas a shot . also - i like what forte said up there - with the government ... corrupt ... yeah , same . i want someone who's uncomplicated , who can take a joke but isn't stupid all the time ... like i don't need a 5 year old . someone who is easy to get along with , that's basically it . looks ... i get insulted or hurt when others blame me for something i didn't do . or when an unfair situation arises ... i don't like unfair . in fact - i hate unfair . so unfair hurts . talk to me before you stick ... when i feel like someone's getting too close and i don't really know what i want from them yet , my first reaction is backing off . that doesn't mean i don't want anything to do with them , it just ... i need someone who's confident ... can't stand people with an ego though ... also those loud or arrogant people . ugh . and then theres those types that have the feeling they need to tell me everything ... flyincaveman nope , florida we should all start to live before we get too old . fear is stupid . so are regrets . um ... depends . for example , if i out to achieve ( let's just call it being smart ) , i won't necessarily kiss ass but if i'm trying to get somewhere and that means i have to be submissive to that ... weirdest thing about me , i always know what color peoples ' eyes are . i'm not even aware of the fact that i do that while i look or talk with someone , but if you'd ask me what eye color that person ... who said you can only do one thing at a time ? i'm in the same mess as you are but i've decided a while ago that i'm just gonna be talented in everything i'm interested in ! and i don't care if ... random fact : i've heard that pickpockets and such chose people who appear insecure in the way they carry themselves or in the way they gaze about . i think in this case , we should all be pretty ... photography motorcycles music editing movies or pictures painting / sketching swimming boxing flying medical techniques doing nothing , relaxing . : happy : um , 20 years young , taking each day as it comes . don't think much of planing , every time i remotely get close to planing anything , it comes differently anyways . for example the fact that i thought ... not playing those who's to blame games . if i did something to piss you off , i'll apologize but then ... that's that . i forgive ( not always forget ) but forgive almost immediately cuz grudges ... come ... 1 . ) prefers fact over theories : a fact is what it is . theories ... whatever 2 . ) criminally insane : i'm all for fairness . there's nothing that gets me more upset than if i witness someone being ... climbed trees , played with lego , built whole cities with em actually , made silly and hilarious homemade videos , played any instrument i got my hands on , dreamed of owning a horse , drew maps of our ... i have the same problem . i'm in nursing school and the only topics i can actually pay attention to are the ones involving technical procedures . every time i learn for a test , i find myself studying ... ;) sounds like an awesome sport yes . 61166 pretty much anything i feel like wearing . something casual , sweat pants , hoodie ? cool . something sexy , heels , tights , dress ? sure . something crazy , green jeans and ... idk ... purple top ? deal . ... nursing student ... pissed off at all the communication needed though . what i love about the job are the tech things . like working with those needles , taking that blood , setting that i . v . when i'm ... don't let the smile fool ya ... :p roud : 61158 thank you antrist ! so true ..  ... any type of argument shuts me down . my response - i'm not gonna waste my time with this - and i walk out . ... i'm single and i love it . don't know why everyones ... dear everyone .. cracking up about everyone complaining about everyone ... so much drama ... i'm gonna go hide . sincerely , istp so i'm an istp and my sister's most definitely an enfp . what can i say , i love her to death . she has a lot of good sides , as well as bad sides though ... but don't we all . at least that's how i ... '