' i have had enough . i am taking a break . it may be a day , a week or a month but i am not enjoying this place anymore . eternalequinox - this has nothing to do with your post . yes i only mentioned myself because that is the only person i am qualified to speak for . less use of we is all i am asking for . you don't speak for all intjs . all child molesters are paedophiles . molestation is sexual , it is not simple violence . i think that you can only talk for yourself , please don't try and talk for me . me too . mine are impossible things like run your document through a spellchecker before sending it to me . i'm such a monster . i have had several intj bosses , sadly now i have something else i ... it's not a perfect film by any means but by recent standards it is good , i remember having some proper belly laughs which is rare in so-called comedies these days . it's worth it for the bill murray ... zombieland ! i had forgotten all about that film , i must remedy that and watch it again . i remember going on the wheely spinny ride at a theme park and thinking about that film as i whizzed around . of course you may find that you are the person tagged as difficult with unreasonably high standards , as i am . the funny thing is that i don't apply my standards to other people because i know that ... it's more a test of spatial awareness than anything else . i can write upside down and back to front so i drew a q the right way around for someone reading it ( which is why you would write anything ) . this has been happening . i was over there to see if they had an ask an enfp a question type thread - there isn't one on the front page which is interesting . i see that lolskater was in there ... others have given very good advice , to build on what they have said - learn to use small talk . as much as you may hate it , the majority of your colleagues expect it but do not answer honestly if you ... that is glorious , thank you . one might hope that power plays , sexism , hypocrisy and most of all irrationality would be absent in an intj forum . as for the drama , there are one act plays every friday followed by a sing-a-long . i've forgotten the word but i know that it rhymes with orange . i wonder what would happen if someone posted somewhere that there was a 17th type , the omfg ? yes , i was agreeing with you , didn't mean to make it look like you were suggesting a vigilante group . if you have the option to emigrate to canada , go now . you will make more money , you will be happier and you will have the space to figure out what you can do to help your country . secondly , be ... i don't think it's possible to police the forum and if a vigilante group appears i will be out of here . maybe encouraging people tagged with intj not to make sweeping proclamations for all intjs ... i rescind my earlier comment about it being ok , you are poking the forum with a stick . don't whine if you're stung . i'm out . whoa , easy tiger ! i haven't been following the story , but that sounds like as good a reason as any . out of all the types , why ask intjs ? do you think intjs are without charity or are you another would-be analyst poking the forum with a stick ? at the moment many of my posts would be along the lines of for the love of < insert your own favourite thing here > , go back to your own forum and take your crazy emo / research / assumptions with you . ... polls . especially polls posted by other types that are only in the intj forum . it gives me tourettes * . * coming soon to this forum do intjs suffer from tourettes more than other types ? i've been finding it very difficult to remain engaged here which has lead to me being trolled by some of the stupidity . rules , a committee or any of those things won't help , personally i would ... green girl popinjay - i'm not paying attention to what is important at the moment . this isn't important . i have stopped paying attention to it . you might want to do a little investigation into how websites work and in particular , how wikipedia works . and yes , all tech-nerds work in basements as a hobby . like this guy . i believe he died ... not just people to take into consideration , you're forgetting the infrastructure . i might donate if they take jimmy wales ' picture down from the appeal . make what you will of these quotes from the entj version of i'm not joking when i say i'm going change world - i may be harping on about this thread at the moment but it bothers me that someone might ... artichoke . do i win a prize ? ( seriously though - any iq test is biased towards the kind of people who have designed it ( e . g . scientists or westerners or people who like patterns ) . they are ... 1 . yes , in a heartbeat . 2-4 . not relevant as i would have cut all ties . which is not this forum . so the grand plan to start an online forum is after three more books have been written , all of which may be being culled from responses in this very forum ? there are people who think i am dead inside and they are correct - for them i am . why ? i have already learned of one person who appears to be using information gathered from perc for a book so i am curious to know why you need this information . interesting point . to me a leader is someone who by their actions , inspires others to follow them . some will want their followers to act towards their goals but others don't look around to see who ... what's interesting is how the other threads have fared : entj : we're already doing it , please tell us more about your plans and maybe you can join us . questions about what is to be changed which ... ooookay , i'll bite . a second piece of advice ( and please note that i am not in any way part of your group , stop using we ) - using the phrase you people is incredibly offensive . i tried to help ... this would have worked a little better if there had been a website along with the call to action . though i am sceptical of anything intiative that requires a new collaboration site because there are ... how stubborn are intps ? if you have an opinion on something are you flexible to other viewpoints ( that may be correct ) or is it a non-negotiable subject ? when the page refreshed after the quote that was there filling the screen , it was a mite unnerving . and make an even more exclusive club for inottj's to want to crash ? i understand where bethdeth is coming from ( or going to ) . it's very frustrating to come in here and see more and more bullshit , i barely investigate anything outside the stickies at the moment and ... falan - your mother is a very clever woman . you should have stayed dead * . run and do not look back . * not as good as having a new word to use but how often do i get to say that ! i know , goddamned otters ! running around like they own the place ! otters ! how cool ! i have stopped in the middle of a discussion to comment on how happy i am that i've been able to use a word - i use the words that seem right to me which can mean i use words that people don't hear ... this is something i had to learn in order to pass . start saying good morning , goodbye and have a nice weekend . insert it into your routine . it makes a difference because even if you don't ... yes . answer the questions honestly . i have also decided that this a trolling effort of truly epic proportions . i'm out . i am still amazed by how little time it took for the internet to go from something that cost a fortune to allow you to download huge 300kb files at eye-blistering speeds of up to 2.8 kbps to something ... curses hornet , i'm now reading about dyads and all kinds of things i didn't know about before when i should be sleeping and it might as well be in bulgarian for as much as i understand in my current ... i doubt you are an intj . i also believe that you are looking to find a type that you want to be rather than finding the one you actually are . that makes me want to play black and white . '