' you just lost the game . any questions ? trolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolltrolllololololololololololololololololololololololololol dis thred sux . do u like popcorn . fe fi fo fum , i smell the blood of a fine poster . http://www.naturephoto-cz.eu/pic/mraz/parus-major-xxx10e917.jpg http://www.biopix.dk/photos/inn-parus-major-00242.jpg http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3090/3201501281_a9c8572c47_o.jpg haha haha . my answer is correct . now give me the money . lolololololollol u epic fail at usernames . get a better username or gtfo . woof ! ... [ / quote ] arrgh ! it's a dog ! their awesome creativity . that is what i like about entps . i'd say you're an infx , although i'm not sure . i'm not really sure if this counts as art , but i write poetry . usually it's about the horribleness of society and stuff like that and how it's degrading our free will and turning us into mindless ... hmmm ... under stress i usually get very emotional over the littlest of things , most of the time the emotions being of a distressed nature and * sometimes directed outwards ie crying lots or ... dear istj , just because you've done something for the past ten years doesn't mean it's a good thing to do . try something new occasionally . following your plans for even a day makes me feel like ... how can we solve any overarching problem if you se inf can hardly see it for what it is ? just because the toaster's broken doesn't mean we're all gonna die , y'know . how goes your latest efforts to stop seeing nonexistent meaning behind people and events ? an intp walks into a bar . wait , that can't be . it's not theoretically possible . based on an actual conversation : esfj : what's that ? intp : this ? i'm working on an equation to describe the ... how many ns does it take to change a lightbulb ? do you think they would notice ? how many istjs does it take to change a lightbulb ? two . one to change the lightbulb , the other to do the ... neither [ changes sitting position ] can [ plays with rubik's cube ] i [ twiddles fingers ] . not as faulty as it will be once you detour to the local bar . if i didn't have mbti i would probably see myself as having some weird psychriactic disorder . i'd also probably think of myself as really weird and inadequate . if my knowledge of jungian typology is correct , the f function is a judging function which does so based on values , fi internal values , fe external values . note the lack of the term people person ... hmmm ... phineas : enfp ( ne is obvious , he seems to be more of an f than a t ) ferb : istp ( great with tools , a lot like my istp friend ) candace : esfj isabella : enfj ? the sj government is detaining us somewhere because they consider the world not ready for our thoughts . it's called the internet : tongue : . because you know , they will now have to kill us : crazy : . i'm way too lazy to even try to take over the world , but if i woke up one morning to find that the world was mine , i'd probably steal a mansion and unlimited internet ( although it's not stealing if ... the f is more about values , and not necessarily about being people-people imho . possibly xntp . i see you resemble that remark . did you put so ... yeah because you were too scared of hurting my feelings to not put that ? and what is up with infjs and cats ? is nitpicking what someone else has said all you intps seem to do ? you're wrong about that . the nts are coming after you now . soon we will bite you , and you will be just like us ... sweet dreams ! : crazy : how can you criticise an unknown personality type ? it makes no sense : confused : . i don't know anything . i could be infp . but i believe that i'm an intp . want to clear up your question a bit ? [ / quote ] ti-fe can appear to masquerade as fi at a distance , because they are both ji ... ^ i think this is why i see so few ss . i think that people are most likely to stick together with people of a similar temperament . for example , although nts and nfs are rarer than sjs , they both share an intuitive function , so if you're ... mum : more helpful , controls phobic reactions better . dad : more ' mature ' ie only talking about ' sensible adult topics ' not ne ones . family : more family-orientated friends : more extraverted , more ... which mistypings do you think are the most common for each personality type ? enfj : enfp : infj : infp : esfj : estj : isfj : you could also look at which function you suck at most ( ie the inferior function ) . for intjs , this is se , so they may think there's no point to living in the moment , or project their se onto others , ... hi ! newbie here also : kitteh : . i joined this forum having lurked for ages . then i lurked some more . then i made a thread . hmmm , some info ? i'm probably an intp , not sure of my enneagram ( 5w4 , 4w5 or plain ol ' 5 ? ) and my hobbies ... i got your type is esfj extravertedsensingfeelingjudging strength of the preferences % 10025625 6 so i guess i'm an intp ( though i may have been a little biased in places ) bonjour ! je ne parle pas français . ( except for that sentence . ) '