' because i know everyone missed me so much . i looked at a lot of my posts and realized that my opinions have changed a lot since then . i'd ask if you were okay and assume it was something the people said or did . i think a lot of infps are drained easily , as they often take other's emotions as their own . or maybe a lot of the types are drained but the infps are the only one's that know because of their ... here is the list .. there are a lot xd they are fun to read and match which you do ( depending on your definition of fun ! ) some are healthy , and some are not . so what types go with what coping ... entp lol xd http://farm3.static.flickr.com/2384/2419243198_fc0491dd0a.jpg http://blog.kexp.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2006/11/Thom%20Yorke-Troy.jpg aries . my type sounds way more like an entp or entj when i read about it . there should be a thread relating the types to the different signs according to the sign's descriptions :) i would be ... lined spiral notebook for drawing / writing emo things . i also keep track of goals i want to fulfill on at least a weekly basis i like your attitudes about being grateful :) you sound like an s to me , but i think part of being a healthy infp is just getting out of your head and seeing the beautiful world for what it is . you're cool , i like your avatar , lets hang out . : cool : there's something about the estp which is the 3rd from the left on the top pic and 2nd from the left on the last that makes me really uneasy D: she's scary imho try not to go out with someone based on their type or the type you think they are . any type can like any type .. why would you ask a forum of people to tell you want you want in a person ... yeah you are definitely entp but you are pretty balanced ( maybe 60/40 ) since you understand your emotions and like to reflect on them and make decisions with them . definitely entp vibe from me though painless , with a significant other / family friends around me being all lovey-wovey . holly shiznits 900 ! ! i am an infp teen with less than 150 kids in my class and about only 400-500 at the highschool and i have found multiple circles of friends i can relate too , and even some people ... are these things infp-related ? those statements explain my whole life , including my musical life . at practice i will be very perfectionist but on stage i will do very spontaneous things like add an ... i'm the opposite type and so do i xd i think this is one of the most universal forms of humor .. unnursvanna , i can relate to everything you said , and you're so pretty ! your pictures are so infp-typical xd ( i have a quite few of similar ones myself ... ) thrift stores , comfort , and unsaturated ... have you read about being a highly sensitive person ? personally , i think it might be related to infp's , or nfs in particular . it's the idea that our nervous systems are high-tuned and very ... this happens to me on occasion .. isn't it annoying ? maybe you're just completely irresistible : wink : exercise is huge , i think . it does a lot of really positive things to the brain . i can't reference any right now , but if you seek , you will find many examples . i believe i might be seasonal ... ok , the self-proclaimed infp i know also is ( surprise surprise ! ) the most insecure person out of all of my friends . she has done many things which have had her labeled as .. not cool - to put it ... no you didn't ramble it was excellent advice ! i like the idea of eastern and western defense .. i am a constant practitioner of the eastern style , but i never end up doing the it's okay , i accept ... okay . i have been doing this whole self-knowledge thing for months and i've made extreme progress . i used to get stress headaches constantly due to negative self talk ( gaww ! i can get a headache ... if i am familiar with a crowd , i can light up a room . people often smile around me ( when i'm comfortable with them ) , and i don't even realize i just made a joke and was smiling myself . if i'm not ... good luck on finding something more interesting than psych ! : wink : can all the psychology majors be attributed to this being a website basically about psychology ? i wonder how many psychology ... i'm happy for you : cool : : happy : yay ! this thread is so feel-good ! fiercely independent ? you don't even know ! ! ambitious ? on things i am passionate about risk-taking ? never , unless it's in line with my passions or values and needs to be done competitive ? i used ... 5 ' 10 , 135 lbs . very skinny , told to eat by parents / grandparents because i need some meat on them bones . : tongue : i'd think the opposite : infp's who are true to themselves are extra hard on themselves . i know i am , and it is definitely the opposite of narcissism . depending on how spicy you are , how often you do it , and how annoying you are about letting everyone know what you're thinking , you probably end up being more annoying than boring . i don't know my ... yeah , that quote is in a book i'm reading right now . i'm not sure if i said this but i used to be so entirely nice and believing in everyone's ability to do good that i was always quick to give ... i know this comes with the whole being an infp package , being shy and insecure and a frail little flower , but let's get at the heart of the issue .. are you shy in certain situations ? why are you ... i get touched a lot but usually because i guess i have an inviting and kind aura about me all my friends are very touchy . it's not awkward or anything except for a few people that don't like it ... i've played soccer in 2 leagues every year since i was about 9 until this year . for my two years in highschool i was a defender first string of the jv league . i also did track last year but i ... last time i checked , a steady aura of somewhat positive energy is a good habit that leads to inner happiness and content and positive energy in others around you . this is not fake positivity even if ... not to take sides in this heated debate that has already gone of for a while ( search determinism and maybe origin of human suffering : wink :) , but as an infp i can say controlling my feelings with my ... this is totally true ! but for the current situation , i feel some mind-expansion is needed . i didn't get the relevancy or any of the what you want to hear part in the post that was commented on in ... we should get together and be having-all-the-same-goals buddies :p roud : you definitely remind me of my infp friend . does anyone else see the irony of this post :P just kidding around though . if you are so quick to use degrading remarks like cage monkey and comparing the other person's argument to poop , then you ... http://www.bennadel.com/resources/uploads/gattaca_starring_ethan_hawke_and_uma_therman.jpg lead character of gattaca . he overcomes destiny and creates his own path despite what people told him ... thank you enfp's for responding . fiasco , your definitions helped more than anything , but i experiment all the time ( nearly every day ) with trying on new perceptions and ideas and i believe this can ... so being ambivert is possible for e and i ? i'm just going to assume it is considering the numbers are like 75 % saying it's possible and that enfps have many infp traits . thanks . i'm going to ... heck yeah . so i'm getting mixed results . some say no , some say yes . is it really that impossible to be an xnfp at heart ? interesting take on things , but after roaming this forum i've learned different . but it's possible .. thanks for the posts ! this definitely proves a point for me . when i talk to my friends they ... i share this philosophy with you :) i usually don't steal from brand new indie bands though . or new labels that don't have thousands of buyers who don't know how to pirate . i feel like talking about ... did anyone here used to be an infp or feel more like an infp and then consciously or not consciously become more of an enfp ? i used to be strongly enfp when i was younger ( talkative , very ... you definitely helped me ! the bolded areas just show that i'm very perceiving by your standards :D how does it feel to be an enfp ? i've been considering my split between introvert and extrovert ... '