' my ideal is to create a gift micro-economy around myself . i'd love to build a massage space / counseling office in my back yard right next to the farm and the chickens . it's all the same - - giving ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EEZkQv25uEs i am able to give so much to my friends , hugs , enthusiasm , affection , attention , shared laughter . i give concern , a listening ear , empathy , and shared tears . i give encouragement and reassurance . i ... i didn't pay much attention to the soc types because when i read about rigidity to social order , that doesn't feel like me at all . but when i looked more closely at soc / sx stacking they sound more ... my instinctual stacking right now seems to be sp / sx . i'm 36 and a single mom with 2 small kids and have felt like having a secure home for them is a very high priority . but before i was a mom , i ... 62273 wow ! i live here . feeling grateful . 61494 today , we were doing an intuition exercise at school . i was sitting cross-legged with my eyes closed , and a mystery classmate came to sit in front of me . the classmate was silent . the only thing i ... yay ! i passed my national massage and bodywork exam today ! feel much relief . went out for spicy chai with a friend to celebrate :) safety is a need we all have . humans need to feel safe to rest , to eat , to make babies , to heal from trauma , to engage socially . and yet , this is an uncertain world . safety is an illusion . am i ... my understanding of ni is like foreground background pictures : foreground-background pattern there is a shift in understanding that happens . it isn't linear at all . it is not inside the box ... one of the things i love about the weather getting cooler is all the additional lap time my cats need ! = ^ . ^ = sily , thank you for doing numerology readings for us ! my birthday is october 22 , 1977 . my daughter's birthday is april 10 , 2007 . my son's birthday is february 21 , 2009 . i would love ... my oldest child started kindergarten today . i cried :) haha , and i have a 3 and a 5 year old , dear . yes , coffee black goodness :) i frequently lose my coffee and let it get cold and then reheat it in the microwave , so every time the microwave beeps my ... totally agree . the people who took the time to share here are very insightful ! thank you all so much . you definitely gave me a bunch to think about . and i still haven't decided , haha ! i'm ok ... are you sipping your heroin coffee this am marimeli ? lol :) what are the tritypes here ? i usually come out as 479 i can definitely relate to these conflicts . and i have learned to follow how i feel physically , to tune into my body . i have gotten myself in relationships where i am such a good listener and ask ... iamken , thank you for sharing some of your feelings , perspective , and experience with me . i can really relate to not socializing much as a child and also to not feeling like i have any significance ... thanks for your reply , sily ! the first time i was tested it was with dorothy , a psychotherapist , when i was 18 or maybe as early as 17 . dorothy introduced me to the keirsey temperament sorter and ... ( i bolded what i relate to from happy about nothing . ' s post . some of what is said in the ni-dom description doesn't mean a whole lot to me , perhaps because i don't understand what the author means ... hello infjs , help ! i always come up infp on test , and yet , there is some feeling like perhaps that isn't really me ... many of the people in the what is my type forum are saying i sound like infj . ... ahh , why is connection so important ... because some people don't need connection with others to be happy , and yet i seem to . perhaps i want connection with others because i see connection as a way ... hello infps with whom i have cavorted the most of any group on perc , help ! i always come up infp on test , and yet , there is some feeling like perhaps that isn't really me ... would you be willing ... one thing that strikes me as very interesting about the nefe loop is the outer focus . i do take risks to see what will happen , but what i'm more interested in noticing how i respond than how other ... how would you characterize the differences between ni and ne writing ? disconnection and loneliness have been ongoing themes in my life . i resonate with the orphan child and themes of ... what is an nefe loop ? and what do you mean by a weird amount of si ? i feel like an ambivert . neither i nor e is very strong . also , i'm 34 , so that might have something to do with how my functions show up , too . i forgot to put that into my op or my questionnaire ... thank you for sharing some of your experience and feelings relating to typing with me . i took the test that you recommended and got infp . i almost always get infp except for when i get enfp . but i ... thank you for your response and a bit of your personal story . i would like to learn more about the functions . i read about them and various descriptions resonate with me . i was hoping doing the ... hello enfjs , i recently created a thread in what is my type which you can find here : http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/109617-where-my-tribe.html the first post is made up of a ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... thank you to you who have offered your perspective . does anyone else have any feedback to give or questions to ask ? it depends on the person and the type of interaction . and eventually i crash and need a bunch of time and sleep . , here are some other things i've written if it would give you a better view . after reading this do you feel more or less sure of entp ? ( ^ ^ ^ i added them to the op ^ ^ ^ . ) thank you for all your feedback ! so much to process ! what about nefi ? i'm pretty sure i'm an fi user more than a ti user . maybe the difference between entp and enfp is the subject of the painting ? my painting is about values and relationships and ... why ti and not te ? thanks ! ah , i am quick to say this , am i not . the trouble with efficiency is that it looks like different things to different people because it is based on different values and needs . it's ... talking . sometimes i am like a tidal wave , getting bigger and bigger full of excitement , and the person i'm talking to seems to be getting smaller and smaller the bigger i get . sometimes i feel like ... why do we say you when we mean we ? hi enfp forum , i'm considering the possibility that i am an enfp . i always test as an infp , but really , i'm quite a good networker and can be a talker and throw around ideas for fun . i keep reading ... love this ! thank you for all of your responses . you definitely gave me some insight into gullibility . for instance , i hadn't connected it to a lack of experience or naivety . gullible is something that i was ... the more connected and purposeful i feel in my life , the more magical life feels . for instance , helping my children who are like the child i once was feels like time travel . and saying thank you ... hello infps , are you gullible ? i have been called gullible , and i'm wondering if it is because i have such a wild imagination that i can always find a way for things to be possible . any other infps ... i just created a fb page to use for my massage business . i'm just getting started , so it isn't very well defined , and that is part of what i am using the page for is playing with ideas . ' like ' ... 34 is my age number right now . thanks , belovodia ! are you an e2 by chance ? i tend to think e2 for needy child . i haven't studied his orgone therapy at all . or anything beyond some introduction to his armouring theory / character ... '