' you are sitting around outside , scribbling furiously in your lab manual with your bag torn open and forgotten beside you . a young lady walks by , smiles at you , and places into your bag several ... one day your schedule conspires to make 10:40 am mac and cheese the ideal choice for breakfast and lunch simultaneously . then suddenly everything in the floor starts to get in your way , so you throw ... you'd be doing something worth the doing , and make enough money to date ... well , mostly anyone if you want . when you find maybe the one person in the waiting room who's willing to talk to you , only to find out quickly they don't share your interest in surrealist humor . and all you want to do is smile ... i haven't read anything worthwhile about the connection between mbti and psychopathy , but the only person i've known that really seems to qualify as a sociopath happens to be the most tedious estp ... eve online . i went exploring and found a wormhole . i found a wormhole inside that wormhole . what's the worst that could happen ? i came out on the extreme opposite edge of known space and the ... would you change my name to the plot , please ? reading red dragon at a painfully deliberate pace so that my reading coincides with the new episodes of hannibal and i can spend time noticing the differences in minor plot details and dialog instead ... i wonder if there's something seriously wrong with my priorities . in the last 24 hours , i have broken things off with the girl i've been trying to get with for the better part of six months , then ... the wolves of the calla ; on the road ; and magic , science and religion and other essays you show up for your philosophy final thinking man , i should have studied . i should have kept up with the reading . i shouldn't have skipped class . i am completely unprepared . by the time you finish ... i just got ordained as a dudeist priest . feels good , man . when your first thought in the morning is , what time is it ? thursday ? why does the parking lot smell funny ? why is there a parking lot in the hallway ? why does this hallway have infinite length ? how ... that makes me feel a little better about all the magic online i've been playing in the back of my data structures class . dat dao do . caustic humor . contains psychoactive chemicals . use with caution . whoever imprisoned will . i hate that guy . it's more accurate to say there there is an infinite quantity of undiscovered math . so that if we express our current collective mathematical knowledge as a percentage of the total of existent math , ... what do you mean here ? i'm not sure how i would stub my toe intentionally as a response to oppressive stupidity , but asking if i've ever hurt myself walking seems a bit off-topic . it's definitely nothing to be worried about . having a first and second date that are 8 months apart , or getting a text from a long-time friend that just says respond to this text , asshole are ... we were about 5 minutes into dinner when she looked at my beard and said , so are you hairy all over ? not willing to play into such a skeevy come-on , i let her go on for a while about how she ... took the quiz and got mathematical / logical intelligence , and wasn't much surprised . i clicked around for a while and was told that i have above average emotional intelligence . i'm kind of skeptical ... when there's no socially acceptable way to tell them to just shut up ... maybe i could just calmly drill a hole into the side of my head . then they would know my frustration . no , of course we all ... i tried okc for a couple of weeks ( it was a direct result of a new smart phone and gin ) . i had some 98 % matches that apparently never check their inbox ( online dating is horribly slanted in females ' ... haiku where does the time go ? it's 12:26 am . wait . i was just having dinner with a friend 30 minutes ago . no , that was at 8 pm . too many syllables on this line . where does the time go ? i misread the thread title as i need a team of compromised intellects . either way , i'm in . it's drug awareness week on campus and a friend and i were walking through the hall . we passed by a poster with a picture of two hands , outstretched . one held the words life , freedom , success ... every time you check your email or snail - mail you estimate the likelihood of a message from a professor , government agent , or ex ranting about how you're just a horrible person and you completely ... when you spent the whole weekend playing eso instead of coding your homework assignment , hammer out the code during the last 20 hours before the deadline , and then think , wow ! i sure have been ... i just saw a grown man stick his finger in something on the dashboard of his car and then thoughtfully taste whatever he had collected . then he looked at me as though it couldn't have been more ... lastman , i know this and cared almost enough the first couple of times i posted from my phone . now i just think it looks neat . thanks for the heads up though . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 337 ... i can't fire people . but i can use microwave radiation to sterilize them . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 337 using tapatalk or when you hate making up user names , so just draw inspiration from the homework you're putting off . sent from my nexus 10 using tapatalk not sure if this is intp or just me : you wonder why people seem to think it's okay to say any number of vulgar and / or horrible things , but get all horrified when you turn the least bit sarcastic . ... ... when you notice that every time someone compliments your character they're really just projecting their own good qualities onto you . but when you try and describe yourself it just seems like ... remember that time that guy said that thing and you spent all day figuring out what he meant ? or that time you said something perfectly sensible and everyone looked at you like you were on fire ? ... when you discuss your intp qualities , then qualify them saying , even though i lean quite strongly towards entp and have some infp tendencies . or when you are called an evil genius , an awesome ... they will be called fonzies . sent from my samsung-sgh-i 337 using tapatalk on my way to class i noticed a billboard advertising an emergency room . i live in a world where the hospital is advertised . average wait time is only two minutes it tells me . so i started to ... i can't go to bed yet . i'm having too much fun doing quantum mechanics while trying to write with my left hand . picturing myself explaining frantically , no , i'm not a creep . you see , i have to socialize occasionally to lower my risk of dementia in late life . it's strictly platonic if you want . they don't understand how to mentally review a lab procedure while reading internets or do math while thinking of something witty to say to the internets using cognitive subprocessing . intp = ... if you intentionally ask me a question to which you already know the answer you haven't made an effective point . instead , you've left us both staring dumbly at one another with nothing useful to say . when you visit this thread to put off finishing your lab calculations and then finish your lab to put off posting in this thread . missions accomplished . i had an episodic series of dreams when i was very young in which i was woken by a pounding at the living-room door and wandered in as a roughly 7 ' tall blue guy bashed through the door and lifted me ... egalitarian meritocracy ... world peace ... free energy ... never mind . when you have a meticulous shaving schedule worked out mentally , meant to reduce frequency of shaving while optimizing comfort . the crux of the plan is letting the face grow unchecked during off-days ... god emperor of dune by frank herbert ( reread ) the nicomachean ethics by aristotle moonwalking with einstein by joshua foer i can walk around all day consciously allowing herbert's ideas to ... was playing final fantasy xiv manically until the beta ended this morning . now i have chills like a drug fiend . next month is so far away . maybe i'll see some of you there ? thank you . it looks like some of his other stuff is very good too . you may have just increased the number of damns i give about art by about 75 % . edit : this is in response to orchidion's post from ... '