' aww , what a coincidence necrilia , you are my perc crush too and my favorite infj :p uffer :: puffer :: watermelon :: watermelon : what i like most is the people in it . : wink : i have thought about this idea before ; it is interesting . thank you , i loved it : happy : . i think there is also a hologram inside . nice on the blue : wink : i found meaning in my life at an early age . it is difficult for me to explain it in words but the following episode of batman the animated series , called perchance to dream , briefly touches upon ... yes , he is indeed a true hero . i have a lot of original words too and sometimes i can even communicate with just cute gestures . for example , i get hurt while fixing the table and i pout and say to my girlfriend i gotta booboo . here is a baby dictionary ; the english terms are on the right hand side : french baby talk - ... dear infj's do you baby talk to anybody ? when i read some of the threads on the infj sub-forum , i feel like some of the infjs are baby talkers . perhaps if we were all trapped in a room , we would ... only because you asked nicely . : blushed : if it happens in front of my eyes , i take immediate action . i am , however , very cautious to only prevent such occurrences and not avenge them . if the situation is not within my reach , i just trust ... i scored 10 ' s on blue , violet , and indigo . i related most to the blue . i do not like the idea of having a hierarchy . i was a team-leader before and i did not really have to supervise the employees in any way . i did my job and they did theirs . i stood up for them and ... the feeling i dislike the most is the feeling of guilt . i have a way of directing most other emotions toward a constructive path . for example , i direct my anger toward defending the innocent or i ... i am the middle child out of three . my zodiac sign is cancer . : happy : i am engaged so i would not be able to ask you out . however , i do think you are very beautiful . your eyes are engaging and your smile is welcoming . moreover , your rounded cheeks make your face cute ... i humbly do relate to the descriptions . i am actually available around the same dates . i agree with everything you said . if you guys are willing to come to orange county , i can rent the club house at my apartment and come up with some fun ... never , if i had to die to save them , on the other hand , i would . you get a hug for being type 2 . : tongue : i am also infj type 2 cancer . : tongue : can someone give me a psychic reading please ? : tongue : would everybody please write down when they will be available ? you are incredible . infj's are the ideal doctors . i would not give up on that dream . at this stage , i agree that it is best for you to finish nursing and then begin looking at your options in medicine . i used to live on bundy drive and olympic . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Z4m4lnjxkY we have not decided yet . okay , so far we have : in oblivion and his isfj friend entity parsamirm that yellow cat looks vicious ! summer would probably be a great time to do it . will you still be off in june ? * transforms into a teddy bear and gives you a big hug * i am giving free hugs . who wants one ? * gives you a big hug * i often consider my feelings in making decisions . human logic has flaws and so do emotions . if they are used together , however , the likelihood of making an effective decision increases . sometimes my ... 11 must be the new 13 . you are alive ! sorry , i have read some of your older posts and really liked them but this is the first recent post i have seen from you . you are one cool infj ; you should post more often . : wink : i came here for hope . dear infp's i felt bad that the infj's have a map and you guys do not so i made one for you . you are not required to sign up . just follow the instructions to pin down your location : 1 ) click on ... i care . : happy : i was watching some of the videos in one of the threads , videos that make you lol , and some of them bothered me a little . this is not the first time ; i usually cannot watch videos where somebody ... yes , if i lived 20,000 years ago , i would have surely been the chief caveman . don't worry , we would not have it without you . we will try to arrange it so that everyone can attend . : happy : was i somehow the inspiration for this thread ? honestly , it is kind of difficult to find a job here right now . if you are planning to move here , i recommend you find a job first and then move . aww , i like you and you should like yourself too . : happy : now i am all curious . i am sure , if you write down his name without mentioning him , he will not know so please do tell . : tongue : thank you so much for responding , did you and your twin spend a lot of time together in the same environments ? i believe that personality functions are influenced by many factors besides genetics and ... i agree , are you an enfj ? '