' i used to be less confused when in a state of melancholy / depression . i was somehow closer to the real emotion , unencumbered by stress and adult expectations . at times i felt overwhelmed , and my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YX_kez_xwJs 40400 why did the chicken cross the road ? because the kfc truck tipped over . because it was a rotting carcass and someone had to win the siege . because the light was green . i miss dofus . _ . hello world ! i never struggled on meditation . i always took it seriously , and most of the time i had no difficulty being completely focused . one of my psychology teachers , who was also a master in hypnosis , said ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlHZ1ble5gs jayboog , i think that i have felt the same for a long time , but the problem is that i do not like doing things that i deem useless in the present . i am currently reading a philosophical novel and i ... voice of color the dream of the future you see dissolves and with time so does the apprehension the world under sun is no exception and all you see around you evolves new traits in things ... i kind of just came out of my bitter extroverted phase . i feel like if i have acquired an expertise in bitching along with a medal in shoving an invisible wall in someone's face daily chain ... usually , we all talk about functions and only focus on asking questions because we are being too busy to observe the person behind the chat box ( perhaps that is our only way to communicate safely ... / / ne-enfp : intj infiltration operation start . / / * robot radar activated . * * robot radar spots low-on-battery intj . * - tis time to turn thee robot against his will and enforce knowledge extortion ... bard 59 % combativeness , 80 % sneakiness , 62 % intellect , 22 % spirituality ... cold headstrong introspective - but it wont complete you as a person either , at least in my opinion . you are right , simple explanations and interpretations will not complete you , they will give you a different idea if ... i finally found it ! ! ! you must be a fan of scandinavia and the world to understand better :P scandinavia and the world by humon on deviantart description : years ago i watched a danish ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=12Nky9lo8Nc that reminds me of ( the other side of the coin ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7BU89UBafU ethical types vs intuitive types . _ . to team up with my love and own a part of this world , dreams of domination . muhahaha ^ ^ for immediate release tzm : response to media ; death of osama bin laden on may 1 , 2011 pres . barack obama appeared on national television with the spontaneous announcement that osama bin ... i'd be an ara . long lasting life , wings , colors . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCCA3sUWdJQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qikRcAiCtKM&NR=1 pillow lol , i am kidding :D . i guess you are playing me now . ( the medium-sized post was a joke ) are you considered hot or beautiful or cute by others physical standards ? yeah , people are soft with me . on a scale of 1-10 ( 10 being the best ) how would others rate you and then how ... - what is your passion ? - i am an enfp , what kind of question is that ? - in that case you should be able to answer my question . - is that disrespect ? - no . please answer it . pillow , you need to use your intuition on a higher level . the author of that article had a psychopathic mom , throughout his life . at the age of 44 he realized that his anger-management therapy did ... uhh ... what is this mambo jumbo ? i am aware there are several socio-culturally unacceptable things . but seriously , if your mom is slightly a sociopath , throw her out . omg , i am totally indigo . they also relate to those as children of stars . i like all this emotional bs . but over all that coverage i prefer science ! ( a new invention ) yes ... it has been ... but that is the way that actually works . more than that , it's very robust ( easily adapts to changes ) and is implemented in real time . yeah , they try to initiate a change , but they got no ... i can basically relate to every pattern in serious descriptions of enfps . their cognitive functions and how they operate . still i am open-minded about my results and i believe i could have been ... not zeitgeist . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3IBRDBuI9bQ http://johnmarshallroberts.com/the-republican-amygdala <- goldmine . * raises hand for scientific evidence * - i was intensively listening to pagan poetry yesterday . * hugs * pretty sad and memorable song . oh , melancholy . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crTYOryEFXw it is love at it's rawest ... there was a time when in some countries ( greece , i think ) nearly all all the trees were were used up for building ships . they managed to overcome that problem , without establishing the perfect ... current news : the zm separated from the vp . jacque fresco wanted to center his efforts on the vp . while pete joseph is in making of an explanation on the transition . obviously because it is not going ... the purpose of this is to present a better system . perhaps a viable path . after some thinking i perceive the offered as better . the theory is progressive at least . i want to see you proving that our ... indeed there are none . none that i know of . but that does not mean there is no logical progression . edit : there is no plan to follow , it is irrelevant since change is itself happening . the ... you would look by yourself if you were interested . with everything i added you can figure the first few steps . what about culture , is it a specific perspective ? media can be seen as culture . edit : whenever i have an argument with someone who thinks that the zm is not going to work / is propaganda , they ... dictated ? tell me more . not wiped off , reconsidered as they are considered nowadays . tell me what is you goal in life ... get enough money and be happy ? well that's totaly spiritual if you ask me . my ... surely as much as our monetary cult . apply this to religion too . edit : you should watch future by design to understand that it has nothing of a cult . why would you say that ? is there any rational reason that leads from finite resources to invalidity of politics ? historical precedents ? statistics ? anything ? we play ball with politics ... in a resource-based economy you do not have a ruler . in a certain way it will have a direct democracy . there is no private property , but more of a common ownership . it does sound like anarchy . ... logically if there were any easy problems to solve , they would be solved within our current system . people who are starving to death could be given the excess in agricultural production . ethanol ... nothing new really . capitalism is evil , money is useless , we're all gonna die ! ! ! except when we install a global planned economy . then everyone will work for free and share goods and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HWRQ78Eut3A this economy . r : ( i feel probably worse than you , but i guess you made it even worse with your insignificant questions . ) uh , yeah and you ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaxZeGXt6b0 i fall in love with people who comprehend me . i need warmth , love , care , strength . the thrill of a jetset life makes me more attracted to extreme personalities . my perfect partner would be an ent / fj ... '