' i need advice regarding an estj friend of mine . i'll get straight to the point : i am becoming fast-friends with an estj at university . his main priorities in life are acquiring money and prestige ... i'd like to see what the new sat tests are like . the old ones were just a bunch of trick questions = _ = http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z-OLG0KyR4 checkmate atheists . http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/239000/Gintama-gintama-23922563-1920-1200.jpg it takes a few episodes for it to get funny , but you won't regret it . this is mostly for the british / history nerds out there on perc , can you name any good comprehensive british history books ? like any about the political intrigue of the lords , ladies , and kings ... well frak , you practically explained me at my worst . i wouldn't recommend it . i tried to create the perfect love but ended up dissatisfied , the one who was supposed to ' love ' me believed i was too critical and held to high of expectations . this ... just tell him straight up how you feel . i honestly can't think of anything else . if he really made you feel the way you do now , i think that pretty much justifies calling him out on his behavior . i ... out of curiosity does anyone bother reporting photos or posts that are a bit over the top ? if so , did you ever get what you wanted removed , actually removed ? or was it just ignored . i ... to put it simply , yes . you'll meet other people , he'll be out of your mind eventually . and when that day comes , you'll feel a weight lifted off your shoulders . then life will go on . do entps give generous compliments or are they less than charitable ones . i have an entp friend whom i showed a story i written , and the only thing he said was , it was fine . when i gave this ... i'm christian . was baptized in my childhood , but didn't really think much of religion . i became more of an existentialist , borderline nihilist in my middle school and high school years ( those south ... tbh , i never really had a problem meeting new people . just keeping them and forming meaningful relationships . i know how to entertain them and i can ( kind of , sort of ) maintain some form of ... hmm , i'd have to type myself as inxj ; the test provided from perc says thus : based on your answers , your personality type is most likely : intj your preferences : introversion ( i ): ... i think gone bad infjs would bitterly point out and critisize the poor use of grammar in your thread title . other than that : they're antisocial , bipolar , confusing , childish , angry all the ... about china : what do you mean by vicious for china's vicious oligarchy . i've lived in china for a few years in the metropolitan city of guangzhou and was never a victim of the government . ( save ... i'm saying this : religious families are having more kids than secular families . religious families tend to bring out more religious children than secular ones . in the future , since secular ... i made a generalization , which people are taking too literally ... i meant to say that , in general , religious families are having more children than secular families . and those religious families are ... my information wasn't presented correctly . i meant to say that atheists aren't reproducing : that is , most if not all aren't making the choice to have children . devout christians , on the other ... i'm ignoring this rhetorical question because i can't make sense of it . i never implied christianity was genetic to begin with . i meant to imply the probability of children being ... this is my response to the religion portion . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jxUD8E-qbyI its true that christianity is in decline in europe currently , but that doesn't necessarily mean that ... if i'm ever bored or find myself idle i ... i fantasize about how awesome i could be and / or make up little stories about characters based off people in my real life . then i promise myself i'd ... infjs are natural-born paradoxes . ;D why , even to ourselves we're a mystery . this is most likely because infjs were meant to screw with people and defy the status quo ( submit to the status quo , ... in order to properly placate my pseudo-crackpot theories on mbti's relation to certain human characteristics . i created this poll . so the poll is ... are you left handed or right ? ( that is , which ... catholic humanist . infjs and intjs are very similar . one of my former friends said i was very arrogant and very insensitive . wtf , my ego is the size of a small , shrunken up pea ... : confused : i guess its ... listen , i had the same problem ... so read carefully . i had a good friend a year ago . we had some good laughs , good times , and i think we cherished each other a lot . but for reasons i really ... yeah , be yourself . i had a similar relationship with a friend . he acted really different around me compared to his other friends and even my own friends . and that depressed me to no end , because i ... its true . i have big eyes and i'm predominantly asian . coronation mass in c-major k317 - 2 . gloria http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MhKWwoAuuC8 none . i was alone studying all this week . forever alone . getting enraged when someone metaphorically steps all over your belief system and then proceeds to actually step on it . german shepherds . with the exception of a half-wolf , half-siberian husky my relatives had : that dog is the most loyal and affectionate dog i ever met . i kid you not . i had my moments where i'd ' enjoy ' all male groups . if i were ever in one i'd say i'd basically act estp ( i feel pressured to act a certain way , like i'm performing in front of a live audience so to ... done sports , disliked it with great intensity . played tennis . pissed off tennis coach . did karate . pissed off sensei . did dogdeball , soccer , and basketball . pissed off all my ... '