' elmo : laughing : the fact that you are concerned about this means that you will be fine . it's only people who totally disregard others who cause problems . what is the group's concern ? are they all lawful good or ... i'm not sure why i bothered to open the thread when i already knew what the answer was : laughing : when i was 12 or so i was working out at 24 fit , when a man maybe twice my size walked past me . i don't know why i did it , but i yelled out at him that he looked like a girl ( he most certainly did ... i wouldn't want to know everything anyway , then there'd be no mystery left ! 1 . do you regularly have insights of how events will go or where people will lead their lives , especially the ones you've known for a long time ? yes , frequently . have they ever turned out to be ... there was a girl in middle school whose laugh sounded like a literal donkey . she got a lot of crap for it , but she was a bitch so i don't feel too bad for her . some people hold in their laugh , but ... not really . if i'm at a funeral , but don't actually care , i just keep a stone face , and answer any questions with hmm / yeah ( i'm the same even if i do care , but still ) . as a man you can get away ... i don't really watch porn . my imagination is much more vivid and real than what's on some screenx 97i ' ve been benefiting from that since i was a teenager ! the whole do what you love , and you'll never work a day in your life thing sounds nice , but you should probably do what you're good at instead , so you won't starve . as for me , i couldn't do a ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7BsVeZZmhk my soul : blushed : forget about that kind of attachment style stuff ; the more you think about it , the more you're going to unconsciously box yourself in with it . it's negative , so if you think of yourself as that kind ... he's human . sure he says some things that he probably shouldn't have , but who hasn't ? that makes him relatable . i like him . my favorite are the rooks . there's something so satisfying about having them cross the board in straight horizontal / vertical lines . it feels very decisive . i hate the damn horses ; not because i can't ... you may very well be able to prove it without a doubt , but that doesn't mean i'd believe it . it will take all of 2 seconds for politicians to bar their opponents from office using this objective ... it looks like this : time cube . please do not ignore your te : laughing : stagnation is stifling , and peace is not so desirable as to be kept at every cost . there is only progress and opportunity through chaos ; a good deal of chaos is necessary or things will grind to a ... makes logical sense to me , but why is tameness inherently desirable ? that sounds like a stagnant society . aggression is also a characteristic that arises naturally , so the killing will never stop . i ... it may or may not , but why do you want a tame society ? that society will just get knocked over by the first barbarians that come by , like what happened to ancient rome . we do not want to be weak . ... ever since i was little , i knew i would never drink . when i told people about it , they'd tell me , wait until you're older ; well , i'm older , and i still don't do it , and i never will . i don't want ... don't be sad , be angry ! this is all caused by their ineptitude , so light a fire under their ass . go after them ; even if you fail , you have the satisfaction of being a fighter instead of just taking ... if it's based on principles then it shouldn't matter what the result is . i do feel everyone is obligated to vote , that you can't complain about the results if you don't . i don't know what to think ... this reminds me of a friendship i have with another intp . we became acquainted in the first year of university , and whenever we cross paths we give each other the intp-sanctioned quarter-headnod ... it is true . people like to talk about how harmless it all is , but no man is an island , everything we do influences others . some of the things are more overlookable than others , but divorce is evil ; ... i'm a rebel : laughing : this was pretty cool . you're the stargazer ( a laid-back dreamer ) you lie back , look up to the skies and dream . openness : 98 % your high level of openness suggests that you are imaginative , ... well , it's all about what i feel like doing at that instant in time . maybe i'll remember enough details to put something more convincing together , maybe i won't ; maybe i won't feel like it even if i ... i don't feel the need to justify myself to anybody ; the fact that i'm talking to you now , and that i'm not locked up in some institution , means what i do works well enough . you are correct in that i ... when i'm asked to explain , i exhume my mental structure and just give it as is because that's how my mind is internally . i bring the internal to the external , and that's all there is to it . what ... my mental world is dutifully plodding ahead about 5 steps ahead of the objective physical world in several different directions , so it happens . i only care to bring those pesky facts with me if i ... related to this , those commercials with the car with the automatic braking piss me off . what if i want to run some one over ! ? it's not road rage , my anger surpasses mere rage ! yeah and i blame their te for it . you little brat , i'm going to grab you by the cheeks and spread your face ! : laughing : i will say i really love entj , they're one of the few people besides ... i couldn't tell you what the subsection is , but the longer you wander around the entj forum , the higher chance there is of colliding with a post that's 10 paragraphs long ; it's like treading through ... i hear this about ti-doms a lot , but i swear up and down te-doms write more . a subsection of entj are in a frenzy to write up war and peace whenever they want to talk about anything . i'm sure they ... ti is an internal judging function , meaning a ti user organizes their internal world rationally . when a ti user wants to affect the external world , he uses fe . fe is an external judging function , ... donald trump is the fusion of julius caesar and pt barnum . all of them . we've known each other for so long that we've long learned to put up with the others ' faults . take the bad with the good . things being as they are , instead of fighting against the system , you should just use it to your advantage . if the principal will punish both fighting kids equally regardless of fault , then from the ... yeah , i'll just let the smart people figure it out and read the conclusions . i do believe there's a connection between mbti and enneagram , if for no other reason than they both measure things from the same source : the brain . of course there's a connection . in discovering ... to do both is very difficult , and i don't think it's fair to expect it from people at large . that does not dispute what i have said . society cannot both encourage women to be mothers and workers at the same time ( or at least at the same quality ) , because they are mutually exclusive ( both ... i'm not poizon of course , but i want to take a crack at this — i do not speak for him . society either encourages women to be mothers or it encourages them to be workers ; it should not be too ... so , essentially , your argument is that since nature created morality , it itself must be moral . in the same vein as an author can only write a character as intelligent as himself kind of thing ? the ... i feel it as well . the invisible mechanisms which keep everything running smoothly are out of whack , and the myriad forces of reality are piling up to an unbearable weight . debt , social security , ... it comes with all the stresses of power , but i enjoy leadership ; on occasion i have slipped into it without realizing it . in particular , there's nothing more gratifying than giving those ... yes . pay extra attention to the fe section ; i know this helped me mature as a person . i pondered about it for a few years , but this set me straight beyond any reasonable doubtx 97a little gem from just before the turn of the millennia : intp profile there are chunks from this i flat-out ... rob a bank . i've always wanted to try it and - ok i didn't need to commit crime anyway : laughing : it'll be an episode of the twilight zone , and the second you decide to do something really evil , ... i don't just want to have children , i want to have a lot of children . what else am i going to do with money , light it on fire ? i have a big heart ( among other things ) , and i'm putting it to use ! it's ... '