' are infps / intps prone to the i think i'm special syndrome ? yeah , i'd say so . but then again , isn't this true for like almost every single human being ? i can definately speak for the infp that ... defining selfishness as being more self-oriented , and motivated in that state towards comfort , and defining altruism as selflessness , as being more oriented towards the awareness and comfort of ... 159 last time i checked , which was in middle school i think . but the iq test is stupid . i bet it wouldn't score too well on itself . i'll tell you flat out it hurts so much to think of this so from my thoughts i will exclude the very thing that i hate more than everything is the way i'm powerless to dictate my own moods ... i'd definately agree that there is this lurking sense of deficiency and incompetence and , well , helplessness i guess ... i don't necessarily think it's restricted to this type , but i do feel that ... wow , 1000 posts ! i come back after a weeks-long hiatus , and first thing i find : you have become a robot with 1000 posts ... aw , you sound a lot like me . i started out with my violin and i have mixed feelings towards that instrument as a result . do you like http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JXT3D7vZWg ? he's my catharsis ... wow . 3,016 posts now and counting ! ! congratulations ... on teh orange name , teh heart , and that gummi bear army ! ! : crazy : metal as in .. amon amarth .. ? or cannibal corpse .. ? ; ; i can muster up a thrash mood sometimes , but i'm scared to commit to the scene . metal is like . haaa . it sucks people in and turns them into ... aw , thank you ! i've been playing up to three hours a day for the past two days or so and it's been killing my fingers . they're already white and blistery-looking . but yeah ! ! i'll totally look for a ... i'm exactly like this . and i'm also always editing posts . i also always thought it was the np . i edit and re-edit posts over and over again , but only as long as as i'm under the convenient ... i've been playing guitar for about two years now , but it's been on and off . i was barely able to play at all last semester , because life was so friggin tumultuous . the problem is , i have a ... this is nice , but i'd agree that there are some discrepancies , as was pointed out by some people . the whole frontal lobe - internal stimuli / back of the brain - external stimuli oriented ... but you see he's hiding his other foot ... so we can never know . : mellow : personally ? yeah , i'd totally go with the over-soul thing . but religion is a historical , sociocultural phenomenon within whose contexts we may navigate our personal values . so i think it's ... i have a friend who's like that . he middles on everything in mbti . he started out with slightly higher infp , but went through some events that changed him . he's a marvelous all-round confidante ... would this be considered necro-posting ? :( i find that elements of intellectual arrogance can be found in all , if not most , types . sj intellectual snobbery / misunderstanding of nt-ness can be ... yeah , i'd say infp . no e could have been as mired in himself as he was . no s could have been as nebulous and vague , cloudy to an almost vacuous degree . no t could have ... well , he was an f , there's ... yeah ... i even checked under everything . nothing doing . : frustrating : eh , but then that's stupid , cos i could just as easily go to email or an online p2p site . hey .. maybe they monitor all ... so i'm a summer intern at this government organization that's something to do with human rights . and i get my work desk . there is a desktop computer at my work desk . and , get this : my computer ... you and your vainglory are part and parcel of you , and i like you for that , because that's who you are and you are a member of this forum of which i am fond . i can see how you might have likened ... miss aulim drools lazily on a pistachio cookie as she slams books off the shelves . the books collapse in heaps of dust on the thickly carpeted floor . she hears a sound ; unfazed , she glances around to ... i'd posted like , two posts above you ! what does this make me ? : laughing : but yeah , the enemy thing , i think , really depends on the person ... no one is not worth the effort of getting to know ... hello , yet another recruit . i'm the in-between . welcome ! enjoy your stay with us : tongue : haha yeah , i know the feeling ! it's somewhat akin to spotting patterns in everything , too . feeling like every field of knowledge is a variation of that single unwavering theme i can never get ... i am my own worst enemy : crazy : i don't know if i could call anyone in the external world an ' enemy ' per se . infp's , intp's , and enfp's have hurt me the most , though . ( mostly my own type , and my ... hahahahahahahahahahahahaha , mcdonalds is a loophole oh . really .. ? welcome , good sir . you shall swim in the sea of mint tea i have especially procured for this very occasion . since mcgoogles so specifically insists on your going swimming . it's ... i dunno if i'm to speak from the infp or intp point of view on threads like this ... first of all , if i'm to speak on other intp's from an intp perspective ? some of the people that have hurt me ... i am called miss aulim , head ninja of the bureau of ninja powers . no one knows my name . i am the keeper of the secrets of ninja stealth . i burn every book i find . i have only to sniff the book's ... this thread is being immensely kind to my microscopic self-esteem . * hugs you * beech nuts are best buttered , salted , and fried over a fire until they turn a succulent golden brown . then you devour them while sitting on the beach . preferably for breakfast . over surreal ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6HjR6R5ASYo jeff buckley first thing that came to mind : i'll have nightmares tonight . i wuv you , surrealbreakfast i'd like to try being estj for a day , just to see what it's like , but then i think i'd sort of get sick of me , yeah ? i'd need some away-time from myself .. no offense to the estj's , you'se sweet ... they're sexy ? : mellow : oh ... i'm glad it's not abuse , first of all . well , if your brother is very young ... i suppose you'll have to act as the go-between . istj's and isfp's can get along fine . mbti isn't a ... yeah , cos she actually wrote hit songs for britney and so on . that was her career . writing for other pop stars . but while she did so , she was forced to fit the narrow categories . now she's slowly ... airy , slightly creaky , warm , just right .. :D a sunlit kind of voice ! and i love how simple the chord progression is . it's just the most lovely backdrop to highlight her song . :( i'm so sorry to hear your mum's unhappy ... what type would you say your brother is ? roughly approximating . hi antonia , welcome to the moon ! i'm stuck up here too . :D so , is it just me , or do i sense something intuitively remarkable going on here ? lady gaga is exciting to me in a number of ways . sure , she has fun with self-adornment , and she's completely open ... my ears are enjoying this , man . you are good . i do some music . and music does me sometimes . i use fruityloops and / or my guitar , which i'm still not too great at . and i sing . generally my ideal song is like some combination of idm , folk , ... thanks ! ! i've logged in as khebi . :D aw , thanks ! x oh god , this post is so embarassing . i'm glad no one replied . ugh , anyways , for those of you that read through this and somehow got your interest piqued , thank you ; i snuck him a letter and now we're ... irc chat ? quakenet server ? this is all very new to me . o_o * hug * hi . i like you already , and your name looks lovely i was just wondering if people simply don't frequent the chat . or forget that it's there . cos i'd really really love to chat , the main thing being that chat is so much faster , and less restricted ... '