' i'm agnostic . i dont believe in the god that religions believe . but i do believe that others things can exist , things that we still can't understand ( and it may never do ) . i'm studying ... i hope i dont look like that in clubs ( hope is the last thing you lost * ni says in my head * that's what you say yourself when dancing like a drunk duck ? * ti says * fight fight fight ! * se yells , who ... so ... i'm very into mbti and the cognitive functions and i'm also very interested in the enneagram ... but every time i take the test i have a new result :'D i usually score like 6w5 , sometimes 1 , and ... actualized type : infj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 58.33 % extroverted ( e ) 41.67 % intuitive ( n ) 68.75 % sensing ( s ) 31.25 % feeling ( f ) 62.86 % thinking ( t ) 37.14 % judging ( j ) 60 % perceiving ( p ) ... when you are discussing about a topic which you're passionate about and someone tells you okay but dont be angry or relax ... and that's when i become the lost sister of a calmer hulk 709266 me : infj mother : esfj there are moments when i love her with all my heart . she's a little crazy , awkward and naive ( my father say that i inherited that from her :'D ) but then she has moments ... every infj ( or everybody in general xd ) should watch the film about time . it's not about romance , i would say that it's just a little part . this film is much more than just a typical romantic ... i am so ... angry and dissapointed right now and i just want to vent vent vent well . i'm doing a new painting and yesterday i was searching a good quote to write . i chose find out who you are and be ... i'm so so so sorry . i know exactly what you are feeling . the past holy week i lost my pet , she had cancer . i still remember the morning i woke up suddenly , hearing a strange breathing ... my dog was ... wooohooo , i become vegetarian a month ago :'D ( well , a vegetarian friend tells me to do it slowly so i still eat some fish ) i did it for ethical reasons too . i had always wanted to be ... this year i have had a enfp roommate and it has been fucking great so ... enfp ! i had almost the perfect balance of time alone and socializing . like ... i spent my year between university , cinema , ... this year i have had a enfp roommate and it has been fucking great so ... enfp ! i had almost the perfect balance of time alone and socializing . like ... i spent my year between university , cinema , ... 1 . an ember in the ashes 2 . isla and happily ever after 3 . éxodo ( by anissa b . damon ) 4 . obsidian 5 . just one day : hampster : top 5 favourite films last night i washed my hair three times cause the second i didnt remember to have washed before and the third one ... welll ... it was like ... 654690 spain dsjkflhsj :p uffer : probably leave side . maybe i would try to hear his version , try to understand it cause ... well ... we're humans , maybe he just made a mistake ... but i probably couldn't trust in him ever again ... can exist in this world someone as cute , amazing and funny and crazyand everything as enfps ? no . my roommate and one of the people i know will be my friend forever is enfp . she's crazy . no , ... i just wanna say that i fucking love you so fucking much ! seriously . i have just had an amazing day with my enfp friend and my ( i thinks ) estp friend and i'm so fucking happy . like , we have been ... what i want : hear the love stories of all of you , infjs ( or people who date with infjs , feel free to speak my little grasshoppers ! : hampster :) why i want : sit down and prepare popcorns cause i like ... absolutely xd moreover , i cant write anything without love . every story that i have written ( and never finished xd :'D ) has its part of love . i mean , i have to write a separate plot cause i dont ... amazing . your poem couldnt be more true and more beautiful and more inspiring and more perfect and yes , i love it ! thanks , this part will remain in my mind forever : thanks ! ... i would say ... 1 book in 10 years , cause if i write a book , that book must be fucking incredible . and i dont care the time i use to write it . also , i hate the pressure to write a book within a ... wow , i have lived these mistyping crisis quite times . i always want to prove i'm infj because of the many mistyped infj that there are . but then i look at the cognitive functions , how i thought ... i feel quite idiot cause i havent read many classic or philosophical books : hopelessness : but i'm just 19 so ... i have time xd i usually love to read ya , distopic , fictional books etc . i really ... this song is so fucking beautiful : hampster : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1C3RW1ztvc i just wanted to thank you . your post is so powerful . i was quite depressed reading the infj 6w5 descriptions , ' cause i dont see myself so so paranoic and depressing ... and when i read your post ... i dont know if it's the same case but i'm infj and sometimes , even when i love the person who i talk to , i simply stop talking them in a while . simply cause i just need time to me or i'm just doing ... ( i'm not venting about infj problem in it ... but : frustrating :) well , people who say that about male problems are sexist , and it's not okay but that doesnt mean female problems are less important ... this explain quite well how ni works : i observe everythings ( even without noticing i do ) and i gather every little detail i see and make a conclusion of it . so predict isnt the word exactly ... well , then be careful , someone may come to call you imposter because of that : whoa : and ... why ? : smilies 3 : this . t . h . i . s . i do this a lot of times . i'm listening to music and suddenly hit me a happy feeling and i begin to run around my house xd also , with books ... yes ... i do that a lot . with tv series ... well , i relate with almost all . not in are you okay ? only if i notice the person isnt okay at all . i mean , ( and here come the part of i know you better than you know yourself ) sometimes i see ... omg ... i havent read the book but when i read the quotes was like ... she.is.infj . absolutely . she could be me xd i agree . most of my friends are entp ( some who in the past had a crush on me ) . one of them was my last crush . he is sooo fucking crazy . his ne is everywhere and i had a moment when i liked him a ... absolutely . lux series is the perfect example of entp male / infj female relationship . absolutely . now there is a book from the boy perspective ( it's called oblivion ) , and while i was reading it it was ... i'm not that really good in typing real people , but if he was infj ... wow , i'm absolutely terrified xd i , as infj , cant imagine to murder millions people due to a fantasy or whatever which hitler ... i'm 19 but i could imagine myself ( absolutely ) like you six year later : ball : seriously . i feel the same cause all my cousins and my sister have boyfriend and my esfj mom is like why havent you ... uf ... oh ... wait ... i'm still shocked ... wow , you almost made me cry . seriosuly . in a few lines you almost made me cry . you have captured my fears in a relationship god and it's so hard to read them ... the first two songs make me feel so so infj vibes and i can relate a lot https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_uzF-Tdw0g ( i read that the singers ( or at least one ) were infp what makes sense too ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 65 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 45 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... - decorate my new room . i love it . - see my dirty room and to clean it , organizing all . i feel so fulfilled : hampster : - libraries or bookshop . to see books that i have read being published . it ... this part give me so many vibes from batman vs superman . : hopelessness : you are so batman at first of the movie xd buuut yes , i understand your point . very very much . i try not to judge ... i'm not native english so it would be a little difficult to me but ... your story is absolutely cute and beautiful . i dont know why , i feel that way sometimes ( like joe xd :') ) and the hope who is ... wow ... i just can applaud you . well , this depend a lot of the development of each type . i mean , maybe an infj cant support an unhealthy entp . also , it depend the time of your life . i mean , if you dont meet the entp in their good ... wow , i'm sure there are other types of infjs but ( again ) wow this is a good classification . i would say i am more type 1 . very type one . but how more people have said here it depends the time of my ... this was the first test i took xd ohhh the memories ! :p uffer : my percentage changes every time i take the test ( cause yeah ... i have repeated this one quite times xd ) buttt infj-t introverted ... omg , i wouldnt have baby dogs never . like ... having sex with a strange ? mmhmmm excuseee meee ? xd and ... dont you dare to smell my fucking ass all day : hampster : calmed sometimes ... but absolutely ... i see your point but ... wow ... this is so stereotype ( about women ) xd it depend the girl you meet . yes , maybe you met quite girls who were that way but ... that ... there are like many other personalities ... '