' [ quote = restlesscryptid ; 2763231 4 ] i'm already paranoid enough about being around emotional people . it scares me to the point where i'll start shaking if someone breaks down in front of me . i ... i can be very blunt . i usually try to be diplomatic , and break the news as gentle as possible , but generally i'm direct . and i can be insecure for sure , especially if i sense a discrepancy between ... i have a a good friend intp and he doesn't exhibit a lot of visible emotion , but we sense each other and it's ok with me . if i were in your friend's place and you were telling me the story , i'd ... hi restlesscryptid i dont know about other infjs , but me being one , i feel and sense everything that goes on with the people i focus on . i had to make efforts throughout the years to unfocus on ... i could use some other opinions at this point in time . regardless of personalities , i think everybody can be short-sighted , narrow minded and so on . so although i know what i want and am pretty ... wow , that's harsh ! ! one cannot say they're interested but then walk away for 7 months just because they decided so previously . and if that's their style , then ok . but she has no obligation to ... wow ! realistic scenario . getting lost in the details , he said / i said , he did / i did and trying to tie the loose ends is total waste of time and feelings . love is not an obligation ! it's there or ... that was really cute and lovely mushy . ;D roaring chipmunk why would you ? just wondering ... and what do you mean ? is she flirting with others ? are others too attracted to her to your detriment ? do you wish you had more assurance from her ? ... eggsies i do ? ! ? ! :D welcome to nfj club ! ! :) free personality test , type descriptions , relationship and career advice | 16personalities this is a fairly accurate questionnaire . hi :) i think for the first part , you made huge progress just by acknowledging there is an issue . being aware and disliking the flaws / problems one may have is a great starting point and one of the ... i hear ya ! in my opinion , real love and chemistry is hard to find . sorry , i don't mean to discourage you . i've been single and not even dating for over 3 yrs till recently . and found that being by ... [ quote = seeker ; 2532173 8] p . s . if anyone wants to say , there , there , poor seeker , that sounds so stressful . you are right . you should not have to put out to be loved or to compete with rivals for your ... that's true . i think it's important to want to improve no matter what others do . it's all about values and principles , at least for me . which is why it's amazing to connect with like minded spirits . i was under the impression that infjs , for a third function , have quite well-developed ti for the most part . it would explain why you guys get along so well with intjs and entps . [ / quote ] that's ... amazing ! ! i recently met an enfj and the two of us are inseparable in the most organic , symbiotic way . even when we're not physically together , we are together ! thanks againf or sharing ! ! and my ... it is so heartfelt ! thank you for sharing ! do you know what other / personality type wrote it ? ? oh , i agree gilly ! using ti is not my priority often . but it's getting there . i am learning to be open about wants and needs , although i know what they are , i'm always afraid i might be imposing . ... [ quote = kc ; 2526600 2 ] care to elaborate ? : kitteh : oh i also avoid conflict like the plague . i tend to let many things just go . i don't take insults personally and usually have a verbal cutting ... thanks for the heads-up oh i can imagine you can really explode . i'm an introvert and when i get mad , it is the end . haha i meant enfjs don't go out of their way to hurt others purposely ... oh you definitely should . i think enfjs have a very good insight into themselves and others and they also have the capacity of being unbiased and they lack maliciousness . lol . you guys r too funny . thanks for the video [ quote = kc ; 2523994 6 ] such appreciation for enfjs , i feel so happy for the both of you . such an enfj thing to say ! :) thanks ! you people are amazing ! ! no bs , no stupid games . just plain and pure ... :( i wish i could hug you ! ! ! remember this : you are unique ! ! it is a fact that in all the billions of people on earth , there's no other just like you ! ! and being an enfj , that makes you so ... i posted this on another enfj forum as well but couldn't help it and post it here too this is more a question for the men enfj but if ladies have input i'd be grateful . i'm in a relationship ... awesome ! we do too ! lots . i try to express that as much as i can but i will read up some more on the luv language . txs thank you for your response nonetheless . i'm also a type 2 , helper . we both been thru harsh relationships and he's so amazing trying to be there for me , that it's part of my nature to want to be ... i'm pretty sure he's type 2 , the helper . hey guys , this is more a question for the men enfj but if ladies have input i'd be grateful . i'm in a relationship with a wonderful enfj man and he's always very attentive , caring and giving . ... i was suicidal once . for real . i'm also a speed demon and luckily enough for me i did not find a tall enough bridge . what i can tell u is : find professional help ! after i ... bronerd oh , sorry to hear things r not too good . there's no real right and wrong . there's ur choice . and there are consequences . it depends on the results ur willing to put up with . there's ... thewoodlandfairy it's quite the intriguing story . i have no doubt that the two of share a special spiritual connection , a spark , which is very rare . what you do with this connection is what ... i have to say that ur probably right . from ur point of view ! i mean i know i want a lot more than the average person . but should i compromise what i want , simply so that others see me in line with ... mrslunk no intention to be evil . lol just play . i don't like mixed signals but you cant be in someone's face all the time . give them a bit of room , whole maintaining interest from afar , using ... bronerd i feel for you ! well , i'm an infj and i do have a tendency to be controlling . over the years i had to admit it to myself and make all efforts possible to change that . as in the end i ... jinsei txs :) i find ur avatar intriguing . and interesting . do not attack anybody dear to me , or it may the last thing you will remember do not play cocky or fake with me ! i will make you cry ! other than that we can be civil . lol another lost cause yes and no . there's no perfection . so if ideal means perfect ... yup , they don't exist ! lol for me ideal is a combination of favourite , preferable traits , combined with ... that's why we're the dreamers ! :) i dream too . a lot . ur not alone . and i'm mortally shy . i could not for the life of me let someone know i liked them . there a couple of guys in my lifetime ... hahahahaha ! i got a great kick from reading ur post . lol refreshing ! and true ! my friends pity me , have this look on their face as if they're sorry for me , trying to math me up with others . and ... yes , absolutely ! i've done lots of self search and splitting of the hairs , goings far as doubting all my values and principles , trying to prove them wrong . but in the end i am who i am . i've been ... oliveanderson hmmm , i've been where u are . and i'm not even close to enfp but being and infj i would try to disappear from the friends circle for awhile . you know , give it a rest , so to speak ... mony i really agree . well , yeah i know i'm difficult and have high expectations . can't help it . because if i lowered the standards i wouldn't be true to myself . in fact i've gone thru different phases . first i tried ... hahahahaha ur too much fun ! hugs ! ! and oh , if / when u do meet an infj make him wait a little haha . dangle the bait and let him squirm a bit . infj ( maybe not all ) like the play and the tease . not knowing if u really like us ... :) quite the topic lol here's my other 2c : don't worry about it . infj and enfp have a natural , organic attraction . don't feel pressured into anything . yeah , i like smart ppl , but ur smart may be ... jinsei & kiawaki it's a very interesting read and i think both views are valid . just different timing . for instance in my own experience , i applied jinsei's advice long ago and for many years ... '