' 90669 this was taken just before my students came into the room hehe : tongue : lol that made me smile , contradictions often do . i tend to listen to music a lot while under stress or multitasking then it help me with rythm i often find that i end up doing work in time with the ... yeah i can relate to this easily , i like the music video u posted , now i got something new to listen too xd word dispenser hey guys thanks for some music ideas , much appreciated xd hey guys , i was just wondering which music helps you with depression ? i tend to find some of the foo fighters music works for me and so does robyn . i have eclectic tastes in music hehe i imagine many people would be a lot better off to be honest , i cant get on facebook or message my fiance right now so i am in depressed mood , although i can't help that i feel that even she would be ... yeah about my friend tommy i mentioned a long time ago i just got word via email , he died of cancer 4 months aog , sorry raichan i can ; t get back into my facebook , i hope you get this message . love ... 85399 this is me can't get any uglier lol hi guys i have recently been diagnosed with borderline personality disorder which explains a lot of issues i have had in my life both in the distant past and now . anyone else with bpd feel ... erm a funny one for me : 1 . i love driving around the uk and poland although poland can be very treacherous 2 . i don't feel that any particular type make the best drivers 3 . white van drivers ... 69741 grrr i want images to be bigger lol ok i mean my one true love raichan - yes sure u can make me breakfast if u like i spend too much time in the kitchen these days cooking anyway lol hugs xd right now i only feel connected to my children and my future wife hehe x x x x enxu - i can totally relate to stolen childhood if u wanna talk more about it send me message awww friendly hug for you i on the other hand want my girlfriend by my side and a cooked breakfast , droool devoid awww friendly hug for you i on the other hand want my girlfriend by my side and a cooked breakfast , droool i totally agree and am impressed with ur indepth anyalsis of ur situation not many people realise that we can sometimes learn a lot from the most unlikley sources true life story when i had long hair i leaned over to observe my toaster and the toast popped out and jammed my hair in the release mechanism it was tough explaining tht one chuck noland - castaway , sorry former infj now entp but i used to talk to a lot of people as infj hehe hope everyones ok i cut off some people in the past too , i did it for a reason at the time but it doesnt stop me from missing them sometimes when i think back to fun in the sun and beers and barbeques . how do i change the size of my pic on here ? every time they thumbnail sized :( 69726 i recently was assaulted by a man in a sexual way . i am male myself . ever since i have not been able to look anyone in the eye . i am not sure if it because i am angry and want to vent to someone ... i am a college lecturer in software engineering but i am not so sure i want to do this forever i feel that i want to concentrate more on being a games developer or move into quantum physics of which ... yes you are being too harsh on yourself , you work extremely hard already , as i said to you many times before you need to give yourself a break my love ob hi guys i am a college lecturer who kind of had ocd about his teaching practice and personal philosophy . any other teachers out there who wanted to share good practice / bad practice / experiences ... yeah there was once a kid who started at the same school as me and he was called tommy and i just knew we were going to be friends for many years . thank you everyone i am feeling much better , thank you for the pm i receive . thank you raichan for a great day yesterday x i love you i feel that i am on the verge of doing something really bad please help , im cutting everything out of my life and i know what is coming i have borderline personality disorder and am not always in ... hi yes this is true , every time we test something predicted by quantum theory we always derive a result which proves the validity of quantum theory . the reason why people are quick to assume it ... yes i totally agree the images we can capture from telescopes provide us with some fantastic and some of the most beautiful images . we are part of mother natures gallery of work ob why start a thread like this and then abandon it ? this is the most fascinating subject as it concerns all areas from geography , maths , physics to humanity and many others . maybe orpheus is a ... why do people always expect to much from me ? i want only a little trust and loyalty in return and they can't seem to manage it i confess i was late to work and blamed it on my ride making me late when i actually slept in haha ! hey guys i am retiring account keep the thread alive for me i never had so much fun take care and keep it going thanks ob this is not true my love , u r the best ! ! ! ok i just learned something new through google scholar , one scientist believes that all matter is data to some degree when it is absorbed by a black hole it changes the black hole in a way that means ... yes to some extent i agree with this although i do read a lot of fiction myself , arthur c clarke inspired scientists to build artificial satellites around 100 years ago based on a book about bouncing ... i feel ashamed for not remembering the name of the person who conceived this approach , if you watch prof brian cox mysterious of the universe he talks about it in that short series . yeah im kind of glad i did i never created a thread this powerful before hiya all they know is that they found the anomaly they were looking for within the higgs experiment comparable to the wow event of the search for ets back int he 70 ' s . the significance of this im ... can i also add that some people may have the impression that nothing travels faster than light but neutrinos i believe have been proven too do just that or am i mistaken . we also know that cosmic ... in order to understand as much as possible behind black holes we must first understand what gravity is . it is not simple a force which pulls you down , nor is it a force which pulls you towards a ... wow im blown away by this response hi i wanted to start a science thread to discuss some of the content i teach and study with . i am currently researching papers on quantum entanglement and marking systems analysis essays . you ... hi all i am a college lecturer in games development , software engineering , ict , project management , physics and systems analysis . i find this information fascinating . naturally i study the ... taking a break from the usual trance , jean michel jarre , war of the worlds , modern music and listening to this as i am vexed right now about life , about opportunities and the people tried messing my ... wow i am so pleased to have had this impact with this thread , if all people in the world were this grateful and appreciative imagine how humanity would be shifted to a more peaceful resolve .  ... i know there is probably one of these already but i wanted to start a new one . have you got in mind someone who want to say thank you to ? thank them here and note what they have done for you ! ... wow guys thank you so much , there is such good indsight , i am also impressed to see a reference to socratic method . the students feedback is usually very high comments like aw cant u teach us for ... '