' this , 1 min 49 of ominous buildup to one beast of a chugathon : wink : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-cB4CFxX_W0 i used to hide behind the defiant alpha male puffed out chest attitude and it certainly worked . then i eventually broke down and had a drunken anxiety attack . being someone else tends to go badly ... i don't know if i've met an entp though i've been very close to an enfp . i love enfp girls as they have that spark to them but they can get a little gushy which while adorable lacks a challenge in ... 1 ) nope never . only reason anyone says that is to show they're interested . 2 ) ye if i was friends with them why not ? better point to make , if you're interested in the guy then stop looking for ... i always enjoy trying to explain ni to friends as you know when you get the answer to a question or problem in a dream ... thats how my head works all the time : tongue : that also tends to be my ... autumn hands down . i like the chill in the air and the brown in the trees anyone who doesn't learn how to deal with their emotions in a healthy manner will be prone to depression . with infj's we have the high fe so we have a tendency to have our feelings hurt easily but as ... i prefer the word assertive in my head : tongue : contradictory ... its pretty simple . just go with the flow , if you want more then go get it , if you fail big deal at least ya tried . ... humour i think its called the hymen had one experience with an enfp . we seem to just click and while we may not say how much we care it will leak out in our actions . if i'm anything to go by you guys mean the world to us in our heads ... did anyone else think of this immediately upon reading the description ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eQgYgmrOqrk maybe its a gender difference or just a personality difference but while i may ... ooooh i hadn't heard that one , sounds very reminiscent of their doom metal days http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=av6sVWXeCWQ everyone seems to be pointing this out already , you sound like you're becoming gradually more and more detached from your own emotions , and you seem to have a fear of being hurt maybe ? i would say ... i would highly recommend it , even what seems like small problems can surprise us in the end and its necessary to have someone to talk to in life . if you go through life without the right supports ... actually here it is “ ocean ” is a very interesting aspect of my life . it is part of my dna . it conveys all things i can ’ t put into words . life , loss , love , spirit . as i evolve so too does ‘ ocean ’ ... i think this is one of the most infj songs ever , any musicians among us may get what i mean by his opening description of what the song means to him :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdYJf_ybyVo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJ2L8XlQcxA i've had issues with long term , chronic depression or dysthymia , haven't bothered to look into labeling it specifically really , just admitting you're depressed is hard enough so i'm just working ... develop some genuine self confidence http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MvRRl2XDVY talk , see where the talking goes the rest of it is all subconcious :P oooh and eye contact , you can see so much of people in their eyes i don't really believe in psychic phenomena , mainly due to being skeptical and too lazy to really look into it , its not something i'm interested in . i get frequent senses of deja vue , oddly ... i don't really believe in psychic phenomena , mainly due to being skeptical and too lazy to really look into it , its not something i'm interested in . i get frequent senses of deja vue , oddly ... gimme a cup of tea or coffee and ten minutes just to sit and let my mind wander . some quiet music , bit of dave matthews or john mayer does the trick currently http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8NOzN2YlO8s i think that literally somes up every infj in the history of infjdom : tongue : i think that literally somes up every infj in the history of infjdom : tongue : that's the most important friend to have in my opinion . if you've done everything you can to save it and they didn't return the effort then its not your fault , and the best and healthiest thing to do ... http://media.tumblr.com/094f900f061edae26596463a99748b61/tumblr_inline_mlbgwx6w7C1qz4rgp.gif aye i know , friendship is still a relationship of sorts just not a romantic one . everyone needs a very close friend , particularly us lot :P i foresee a shitstorm of the bizarre brewing : tongue : well fuck that , everyone deserves a chance to be happy and have someone that matters and you are no different . don't give up and it will be all the sweeter when you find that person . keep looking and ... you may find something here it went up a couple of days ago . http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/143905-feeling-very-alone.html damn you're a smart rhino , gonna bookmark this one for future reference :p roud : dear ti , dude seriously , chill out you're giving me a headache maybe they can see the depth in you that's worth looking for ? :) its often what draws us to people and can make us try so hard to know them , we see some spark in their eyes maybe :) keep pushing ... it's horrible isn't it . even if surrounded by people we can still feel so god damn alone . i have the same kind of problem , i lost so many close friends over the years i always thought that there was ... i don't think that the mbti should really be used in such a literal sense . not all infj's must believe in a mystical force that runs the universe or other power . everyone's own experiences in life ... learning to let go :) i couldn't help but notice the statement i'm a coward , i don't mean to be rude or intrusive but i honestly believe that it's cowardly to give up and kill yourself , that it takes true courage to ... 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? yes , at the worst times the thoughts are on my mind , i turn into a sort of robot and just sit there very still as if to make sure i don't stand up and do ... 54 % infj 12 % enfj 8 % intj 6 % infp 6 % isfj the sound that captures me the most today , however , is the sound of the harmonizer effect used on vocals . it is just so powerful to me , and sends shivers down my spine every time . you absolute ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GfRq8KhLM_M this song is phenomenal , at 1min 45s when the full beat kicks in i lose it xd http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJZvaE9Ipxc another song by the same ... don't over analyse , everything is not your responsibility '