' 3:24 pm - saturday i miss you i miss you , i miss you . it's always in my head ; your hands , how soft they are in mine . your eyes , their gentleness . your smile , your touch , your laugh . 3:24 pm - saturday i miss you i miss you , i miss you . it's always in my head ; your hands , how soft they are in mine . your eyes , their gentleness . your smile , your touch , your laugh . warning : fragile . will cry if tenderly kissed . my dearest istj scientist , you'll never know this , but you broke my heart the moment you walked into my life . it was as though you came out of my dreams and into reality . you are everything i ... the first kiss i ever had was when i was too young . i dare you to kiss her ! the knots in my stomach were the wrong kind for kisses , and i was too scared to wipe him off my lips . i like ... usually estps . hands down , haha . i don't have a problem with them , but we think so differently that we tend to clash pretty hard . i have a fearful-avoidant attachment style . i rated 4.72 on anxiety and 5.83 on avoidance . when i was younger , i would mistype as isfp . as i got older and my values and interests narrowed down , that happened less , but i'd still mistype as intp , isfp , or infj . now , the only time i'll ... usually infp . sometimes infj . very different types , i know , but it happens . it's not that i want to be single , at all . it just happens to be ... easier . i've got strong values and uncommon goals that i refuse to change for someone else . whoever i date would have to share ... warning : severe adhd . interact at your own risk . warning : fragile . warning : easily attached . difficult to love . most of the time , i would rather be alone and lonely than tolerated , even loved , by others and misunderstood . flowers . they're delicate and beautiful . i did for a while as well when i was younger until i saw that it pushed a lot of people away from me . then i just kind of took my tendency towards independence and ran with it . yeah , i feel the same way . but it's good to know that the fear of committing due to the feeling of existential crisis will eventually fade . : happy : though i do wish i'd understood that better when i ... i agree . unless i am sure about something upfront , the word no tends to vacate my vocabulary . i'd rather prevent the need to extricate myself from a relationship or situation purely because i know ... i've realized that this has had a huge impact on my life . i fear commitment for numerous reasons , but i think it's rooted in a fear of losing the possibility of new things , of losing the ... the first time i met a true infj in person , i quickly knew i wasn't one ! haha . it solidified my infp status to myself when i met another one . i could see and feel the difference between fi-ne ( infp ) ... you have articulated the epitome of love and attraction , in my opinion . though you were not looking for sympathy , i am sorry for your loss . love of that kind that lasts is rare and beautiful . i ... thanks for sharing ! : happy : this thread is helpful . i thought i was a 4w5 for a while , but something just seemed off . after reading this and some thought , i'm preeetty sure i'm not a 4 . : laughing : ... i am terrified of becoming someone i never intended to be . i'm afraid that my dreams are too big . i am afraid that i will have to spend my whole life settling - in dreams , work , love , finances , ... prose poetry is allowed , right ? ;D how to love your anxious lover 1 . there will be days so full of fear and pain that the galaxies you saw in her eyes will vanish . suddenly you will see ... i can be much more cynical and self-critical than i lead others to believe . i know this is not a good thing , but sometimes ( like lately ) i just don't care . i'm slow to open up and reveal my inner ... i was pretty shocked at your interpretation of the op's actions . though upon seeking to look at what you said objectively , i can see where you're coming from . something to consider is that she ... i love the idea of opening up and falling in love , of having a healthy , intimate relationship , but when it comes down to it actually happening , i'm terrified . keep in mind that my attachment style is ... none . i've met a couple of enfps in real life , but i've yet to meet another infp . at the moment , my mind is vacillating endlessly , and i hate it . why do you use my name ? why do you keep using my name ? ... you're just polite . you're just attentive to detail . for god's ... dear you , i'd like to tell you how i feel , but i know that it is far too soon . i will do my best to be realistic , to take a step back when i'm getting too emotional , and to see you for who you ... i . my name sounds strange coming from your lips . i don't know what to make of it ; whether to keep you in my head , or let you see my heart , see the bundle of paradoxes i am i would rather starve . hands down . i could never do such a thing ! i'd rebel in a heartbeat . this is one situation where i might be angry enough to actually get violent , regardless of whether it endangered my life . i wouldn't put up with an authority like that ! haha . this sums it up pretty well for me , minus the first two things you mentioned . i'll add my experience as an infp and try not to be redundant . xd - it's like being able to fully see the world with ... i have identified as a 495 for a while , but i'm beginning to question that . here's my questionnaire . xd prerequisites what age range are you in ? 20-25 any disorders or conditions we should ... pardon my lack of knowledge on this . is it possible for someone to have their core and fix share the same wing , or would that indicate a mistyping ? ( ex : 4w5 core , 6w5 fix ) 1 . i think it's based more on nurture than nature . i don't just sit in this constant state of anxiety . i am highly anxious when a situation triggers that anxiety , which causes me to relive previous ... consent given . i don't even know what i am anymore , haha . i've tested pretty consistently as a 4w5 for my core type . i've also tested as a 6w ? and a 9w1 , but neither of those seem right to me . i ... the first kiss i ever had was when i was too young . i dare you to kiss her ! one boy said to another . the knots in my stomach were the wrong kind for kisses . my nose scrunched up . a ... you were a true gentleman , through and through . polite , charming , and gracious . you were a dream . i could have danced with you all night . you made me feel like the only girl in the room . ... little brown faces and deep brown eyes small , wrinkled hands that fit perfectly into mine this is what haunts me . i wonder if i'll ever return to you if i will ever be able to express my love ... okay , thanks . dear self dear self , there will be days when all you can hear is , i need to kill myself . i shouldn't be here . i can't exist . i need to die . dear isfp ( s ) , lately i've missed you sooo stinking much ! i love your distinct , giggly , bubbly , explosive laughter . i miss laughing with you . i miss late night heart-to-hearts . i miss you , ... ... maybe i wasn't clear enough . i can't view the threads on the full website or on the mobile website . i can't see the threads on either skin . i should also note that i have no problem viewing threads when i'm logged out . i'm posting via my computer at the moment . i think it might be my phone , but i can't tell , and i don't know how i would fix it ? i've tried deleting / clearing all of my history , data , etc . on my phone , i've tried switching browsers ... the ... yeah , that's how i felt about a good portion of them . still got a 29/36 , so i guess that's not bad . :) thank you ! this actually means a lot to me , especially knowing you have an understanding of my struggle . most of the time when people hear my story , they just give me a sympathetic look and say ... thanks ! this is really helpful . up until about a year or so ago , i had a really hard time differentiating between my add tendencies and my infp-ness ; they can be quite deceiving together in that way ! ... '