' i'm feeling lost . hi and welcome to perc . and for the record ... i like waffles too i am not a religious person . i don't have anything against people that follow a religion either . everyone has their own thing to comfort them . my belief is love . everyone should love one another , ... to see everything this wonderful beautiful world has to offer . i wake up and i smell the rain that happened the night before and it is beautiful and i live for moments like that . or to see the ocean ... diary of an oxygen thief hii hi hii i'm an infp too and our names are really similar kind of so i feel like we're gonna get along just grand . i'm leah by the way ! (: welcome and i hope you find the people you're looking ... weezer - pork & beans i get very melancholic too . i haven't been diagnosed with depression or anything either . i just sometimes get really down for no reason .. it comes in waves . sometimes i will be sad for no apparent ... half the sky , whisky tango foxtrot and i'm attempting to read game of thrones haha i write almost everyday . i write lyrics that i come up with when i'm playing my piano . i write my dreams as best as i can remember . i write about my day . i write about ideas . i write about my ... my dad is an intp my mother is an isfp and together they made an infp ( myself haha ) & yeah we're just a cute little introverted family haha i'm a + as well i don't think i've ever really connected with anyone on such a deep level to bring feelings into the situation . maybe one guy but that didn't work out in my favor . casual sex is easy because the men ... atonement this would be in my top 5 for sure . the movie is so beautifully tragic . it grabs your attention from start to finish and i just think that it is beautiful . the music fits perfectly ... hahaha yes and no ! ! so i need some advice from fellow infp's or anyone in general . i would really appreciate any words that could be given to me . so i am not a confrontational person at all . i would rather suffer ... thats okay ! any story would do haha i've been off perc for about a month now and it has been killing me . finally i got logged back on and i need to know .. what have i been missing ? ! tell me anything . i'd love to hear . i've always been into the opposite types of myself . i dated an istj . in the long run it didn't work out because we were way different . had a fling with and an intp . i guess i'm attracted to the ... well being an infp myself i know that i can be very indecisive . in the past , this has caused relationships to crumble . i can honestly say at the time ( and still today ) i don't know what i want . i ... i believe in love . i believe that there are certain people out in the world for each other . like some of the above comments , i don't believe that everyone will find their person . i think some people ... lonely . i'm starting to use people to feel better about my loneliness . doesn't seem to be helping . makes me feel even lonelier . hi welcome ! ! you and i have a lot in common . i play piano as well and i'm obsessed with space so feel free to stop by and say hello ! ! ! friday the 13th . parents let me watch it at like 8 or 9 . naturally after i saw the movie and cried my parents signed me up for camp so i was like freaking out the whole time thinking i was going to ... i'm building unrealistic scenarios in my head again . i always do this and i get so sad because i know they will never happen . i wish i could turn my brain off sometimes . its just getting annoying ... i'm drinking my green tea while reading calvin and hobbes ! ! perfect end to a good day . i've always had this deep love for space and i wish i could see every inch of it and learn everything i can from it . but sadly that will never happen in my lifetime so i would love to be cremated and ... hello enfp's . i'm a fellow infp and i was wondering if you guys think just as deeply as some infp's do ? do you have your own little world that you like to be in ? or do you share your own little world ... my favorite color is blue . i think blue is the most human color . it is the color of the beautiful deep salty ocean . it is the color of the beautiful bright sky . it is the color of my favorite jean ... whiskey tango foxtrot i really enjoyed the movie cause i love tina fay but i just thought the movie really helped me figure out what i need to do with my life . it gave me a sense of direction i ... glueing saturn or venus ? had a pretty bad day and feeling pretty sad about it so i would love to hear something good . it could be a joke , it could be great news that you got today or whenever i don't know . i just want to ... you talk too much i like to drink and i like to smoke . i know drinking usually makes people more extroverted and sometimes i like to be extroverted . and i love to smoke because it helps me calm down . i love just being ... i'm actually going through the same thing right now . i love who i am as a person and i love being true to my personality type but i am so indecisive . its taking a big toll on me . i can't make up my ... i am too inside my head . i don't mind being there all the time but sometimes it scares me . i'm just too into my daydreaming and dreams that i forget that i'm in reality . its like my thoughts keep me ... my father . i don't know how many life lessons he has taught me . there are too many to count . he is the only other person on this earth who really understands how i work and everything he has taught ... my dreams are better than my reality yeah thats how i first heard of her lol . i forgot that her song was in that movie ! ! but definitely check out more of her music . she's super creative with her words and music . and i knew tim burton ... my best friend is an enfp . the only difference between us is she's more outgoing and i'm a little more reserved and quite ! so yeah i love enfp's . she brings out the extroverted side in me and i bring ... not physical but someone in a coffee shop reading book someone who can hold a conversation with an awkward girl like myself anyone that has a general interest in music someone who likes to ... fellow infp here ! ! welcome and enjoy meeting new people and expressing yourself ! ! have fun the greatest advice i have received has been from my father and it was to love . love your enemies . love yourself . love music . love writing . love space . love can help fix many things . love can hurt ... regina spektor she's a singer / songwriter and her songs and sound is just so different from everyone else . i just feel like what she writes speaks to me . she says whats on my mind and she sings in ... not living up to my expectations . i have been super sad this whole year and i hate being sad because when i'm sad im really sad . i stay sad and nothing or no one can really bring me up . this whole ... i think yes it is common . i am an infp myself and i used to get picked on too when i was younger so than i started to grow up and become a different person and try to hide my feelings and not seem so ... thinking about how i'm going to finish all these projects for school . dated an istj . i asked him to take the myers-briggs and he did . i always knew he was an introvert and i always knew that we were different but i didn't think we were that different . we would always ... girls boys - myra - atlas - june - will - layla ... personal ~ name - leah female location - was born in minneapolis minnesota and have never lived anywhere else . - if you could get up and go anywhere in the world at the present moment i ... '