' definitely a high feeler . a lot of the criticism expressed against him is that he is not a realist who can get things done . which sounds like an inferior te and inferior sensing argument . energy ... the new yorker did an interview on her , and i would definitely say she is a fi user . enfp and isfp were my first guesses , i personally wouldn't count out isfp though . she has a lot of ideas , but the ... from what i remember from the bits and pieces i recall viewing almost ten years ago , i would type the main cast as these . there were lots of se users on this show . emma nelson - isfp , fi dominant ... intj . could be an istj but no real forms of inferior ne , if ever . when looking at him at his worst periods , he shows classic signs of inferior se in rashly telling voldemort the prophecy , and ... i thought snow white could have been an infp based on the cora arc in the third season , which to me seemed heavily si based . but after looking at the fourth season and the arc with maleficent and the ... the film version and the book version of barty crouch jr . deviate heavily . in the book , i could see crouch jr . as a ni and fe user of some variation ( his whole loyalty to voldemort is more or less ... i think it's one of the biggest flaws in rowling's writing , personally . it seemed to me like she never knew if she just wanted to make tom a sociopath , or if she wanted to give him a tragic story to ... i always felt that it was ambiguous ( if snape truly reviled harry , or if he just played up aspects he disliked about harry in order to maintain his cover ) , but there was no way for snape to be kind ... tom riddle was fascinating , voldemort once he ( re ) gained his corporeal form was a badly drawn cartoon . yes , god yes , umbridge deserved every deplorable and despicable thing that ever happened to her . with snape , the jury is out on him , there was no scenario where snape could have been good to ... there is actually no reason why fe dominant types can't be military or political masterminds . just off the top of my head mellie from scandal and the lead in fury are both fe doms and both are well ... i feel like we are typing behavior , which any type can emulate . what are the reasons and motivations that justify these persons actions in real time ? that is what is most important . se , te , fi , ni ... i would say inferior fi in etj's usually winds up looking like the mid life crisis events in stories like american beauty or death of a salesman , where they end up defining their lives based on their ... my personal apologies , i caught myself in an in the grip moment myself today , so i am feeling especially sensitive , which is not at all your fault . you said nothing wrong , i'm just exhausted . i ... i don't remember enough about robb to type him , but esfj seems like a good enough fit . i definitely feel the function stacking works and he didn't seem very internalized . a grip of inferior te in ... i never said that functions couldn't look alike or seem like other functions nor did i say that there couldn't be common motivations for different types . i am merely saying that you should look at ... all of the subjective functions bring internal focus , the difference between fi and ni is that fi is based firmly off of an internal judging assessment , based on moral criteria measured by the fi ... can't tell with complete certainty given how low profile the character has been so far.the way he breaksdown olenna , and lays down the law with her makes me think lower te . can't be reasoned or ... it's the tert . si . ;) i think she showed fe again in this past episode by going to the slave games , she absolutely abhors what is going on in front of her , yet she continues to do go threw with it because she believes it ... judging from the tale of a christmas carol , i feel like he is most likely on the fi / te and ne / si axis - - with lower te and si . so nfp of some variation . his judgement of his characters is very black ... i can't have this dany conversation anymore , so i'm probably just going to stay out of it for the next foreseen cycles . i see hints of general intuition , but she's not striking me as a strong intuition user with just this statement , like say amelia shepard - - who sees something and immediately sees fourteen different ... i haven't had a chance to watch the series yet . so i don't think i can be of any real use . i agree on esp with a lean to fi . utterly shameless about setting up tyrion and sleeping with tywill the same night she throws tyrion under the bus , sees what wealth brings her and actualizes her ... i think it shows what the type prioritizes . fe feels engaged to the feelings of others to focus themselves on and merge with to bring determinations about what the collective understands . fi needs to ... yes , i understand but i wanted to get away from commonalities that all feeling types have . fi and fe are both capable of having and exercising this particular moral value . that particular sentiment ... i would actually say the lower fi is the less tolerant it becomes , because the values within fi become less important to the fi user the lower it is in the stacking . in this light i think thinking ... i would agree , seeing as ni sees something entirely different from what is physically in front of it . this has come up before and i don't think of ni as being this all seeing , omniscient function that would guard her against all of that . youth is youth , so it isn't going to know all , i don't think ... i would say i see a ni-ti loop , before i saw inferior ti . if she was in the grip we wouldn't see any other functions at all except horribly managed ti , and it wouldn't be controlled or pretty . think ... i think ne would probably be most embraced in ravenclaw , they seem to prize creativity among their virtues . i think ni would fit well in both ravenclaw or slytherin , nfp's and sfj's are look alike types . a lot of people seem to get them confused . which is often why there are mistypings betweens isfj's and infps , as well as enfp's and esfj's . which makes me think ... yeah , i think hufflepuff seems to value helping other people and teaching every single person that passes by as long as they are willing to be dutiful and work hard for it . which makes me think more ... why would hufflepuff be fi ? the core values of that house seems the most fj out of all of them . i would generally just consider this to be magic . snape was able to do something similar , but i would say dumbledore's past history with ariana , and his aversion to power due to his dalliance with ... i'm not sure i ever understood the argument for inferior se in vary's ? yeah i think dumbledore is an obvious entp candidate . i think people get caught up in the image of inj's being all knowing , all seeing , omniscient gods , so any one wise who winds up foreseeing ... i always felt his stories leaned toward the entp . takes a well known trope , turns it on it's head ( ne-si ) and then writes endearing characters only to have them die unexpectedly to send a message ... dumbledore shows signs of inferior si . specifically in the way he runs away from his family following the death of his sister . i would say he is probably an entp . he shows a lot of fe tendencies when ... i agree with what mentioned as well about a dogmatic search for truth or an assimilation of facts to find an answer , as i mentioned before . however i would aim not to use the word ... i would say when in the grip of inferior ti efj's can become emphatic about finding a certain particular answer or realization , and then once they find it that's it . even if it's wrong , and the logic ... added a few more examples to my post to fill it out some more . the first one draft seemed a little slim . : tongue : inferior ti in efj's usually comes up when trust is broken . there's a need to amass knowledge , a severe need to find the truth , an alignment of guarding oneself in facts . i know there is material ... i would say not seeing se in vary's actually shows that he isn't a ni dom . the tert . function is much easier to hide than the inferior one . i don't see the eight fear of helplessness and need for control . cersei seems more 8 - ish than tyrion . tyrion seems more muted . i would say he is a 7 , when his problems get to be too much for him he ... yeah tyrion's whole , must uphold family honor thing strikes me as pretty fe-si territory , needs his fathers approval so desperately and his pain over not being jamie stings of an archetypal image of ... i'm so glad that we got to see dany and tyrion converse about westeros . the whole exchange was pretty much an exercise in introverted thinking . tertiary ti to auxiliary ti . dany uses it too well , ... averoblivious i fail to see the difference between that definition and the one everyone else is currently using . i understand that si uses it's own individualized perception and framework of the ... good catch with prue . i initially thought stj just because she was the one who provided and upheld the family obligations after grams death . but she does show some instances of lower se . just ... '