' i am a little confused by the typical 9 characteristics . what is this peace of mind that 9s unhealthily try to preserve ? all that no-conflict / anger - 9 - talk seems too abstract to me . are there some ... i dont think so i think its because no other type comes close to extensive internet useage like 5s . stuff like forums swarm of 5s and it makes sense that on a personalityforum its even more so . i see what you mean and guess i can relate . i'm a 7 , but feel a big draw towards 5ishness . in a way i'd love to just withdraw and get lost in the depth of my mind - and i know i'm theoretically able ... delete please . ~ i'd assume your actual enneagram type doesn't play much of a role here and that this goes for every e-type the same way : i associate the feeling of integration with the feeling of childhood . what is ... it just feels like the last resort . like when you need help but cant directly ask for it so you become unhealthy - 2ish by being pleasing & low-key manipulative or agressive to get certain needs meet ... definately inxx . infj makes a lotta sense i guess . i may go with 4w5 over 5w4 , he has a little too much emotional charisma or however you wanna call it infj 1-4- 5 sx / so infj 1w9 - 4w3 - 7w6 sx / sp infj 1w9 sp / sx infj 1w9 - 5w4 - 2w3 sp / so infj 1w2 - 6w7 - 4w5 sp / so infj 1w2 - 4wx - 7wx sx / sp infj 1w2 - 2w1 - 6w7 sp / sx intj 1w9 - 5w6 - 3w4 sp / sx intj 1w9 - 4w5 - 5w6 ... this indeed seems like great advise for more productive interaction , thanks . :) fe ni se ti vs te si ne fi first there is the obvious s vs n clash . my whole family is pretty much sensors only so this has always been apparent and leading to feel different , but whatever , ... yea yea , as you can see this thread is older and my self typing was a little more all over the place lol i just recently settled on 9 ; dont mind this thread . im gon check out your link tho cuz the ... this sounds a little bit more infj-ish . or would you say they're just similar in there position towards leading ? 3w4 5w6 8w9 would be my guess i need you now , i know it's real the proof went down but you're crystal clear god knows i've got one try , no second chance i've planned too long , i demand a change will never feel if i don't let ... and i'm a social one . after almost half a year and many phasas of misidentifications , i'm finally at that point where i can say i'm dead sure and every doubt is just not wanting to face reality . i ... do they have it more difficult because they are fe users and their 4ness is more based on their ni , making it harder to find stability that feels real and meaningful ? tbh i've now come now to the conclusion that its the other way around . fi seems to be a cultivated skill for me while fe is never a chore to use . so , yea , i've learned some more about intjs but it ... thats what i thought . i guess you mean if i feel like my ni is supported by fe or te ? well , if i could tell you that with certainty i guess i wouldn't need help here lol . but i assume its te ... since i started getting deeper into typology i've always identified most with being an infj . however , something always seemed off about it so i never 100 % ly run with it but rather just saw it as the ... okay i already figuered it out myself like i prohesized haha its so 8 . kk this thread can get closed or whatever ~ okay . after months of enneagram study and self discovery i finally arrived : i feel as sure as i can be about typing myself . or well almost . to be honest i could figure this rest out on my own sooner ... this is sad as fuck but beautiful ; made me finna realize i'm 100 % e9 . thanks ! this seems petty in a way but it feels to me like on of the most essential issues of fives : being judged and i feeling like you won't be sure enough to defend it . can you relate to this ? and my ... point blank how do you differenciate between a 5w4 and a 5 with a 4 fix ? i'd like to know my tritype and my 5 - wing . i know for sure that 4ishness plays a huge part in my enneagram personality . but ... its e7 , nevermind . :) they have a feeling of wearing their soul on their sleeves . but not in a way of being simple or easy to get , far from shallow , it's a unique kind of transperency in the sense of honesty . its so ... i know my gut and heart fix , which are 1 and 4 respecticely . i also know my instinctual stacking by know , which is soc / sex . what i feel like i dont know for sure is my fear type ( as well as which my ... i'm registered here since over a month now i think - but after months of research i'm finally clear and can say with 100 % assuredness that i have found my true typing ( and i'm a 6 so you know when i ... well , by studying and comparing ni , si , ne and te ( in theory & praxis ) . i'd go with tj over fj right now but thats still something i got to figure out . i also figuered out i'm e2 and not ... okay , i know now that i lead with ni . i only have to figure out now if i'm fe / ti or te / fi . so yea , i'm either intj or infj . but thanks for the tip of being an isfj , that made me actually realize i ... i know i know , i'm typing based on cf as well dont worry , although it may not seem like it i'm way past the state of mbti profiles . lol when i say too emotional for thiker and vice versa i mean that ... flower hat wow thanks for taking the time :) ... i've been studying cognitive functions to find out my typing a good time now . i'm at a point where i feel like i have a good grasp on what they are about and even how they feel when i use them - but ... care to share a bit where you got your knowledge from ? not because i'm doubting anything , but because that seems like pretty cool useful information for me strawberrylola i mean balancing that playfullness , random fun loving ness , not taking life so serious but at the same time really caring about your life , other people , fi values , emotions , ideas ... i feel like ... is it possible ( for an infp ) to repress their ne or rather its development out of it being not appreciated / supported / understood , being around sensors a lot , fear of appearing childish , weird , not ... charlie.elliot : yea you hit it on the nail . thats the exact same conclusion i came to after a little more research & soul searching . to be more accurate , im pretty sure this was going on : type ... i know this is probably a questions thats been frequently asked sorry lol . but i wanna talk about my specific case . so to make it quick - i did identify with ennegram 1 ( w9 ) . this perfectionism ... because i dont really have that strong urge to defend what i think is right . i dont stand up for it , at least not more than any non-fi would . i dont base every decision on what feels right , in ... so i believed to be 4 but recently noticed i was just living in constant stress mode . long story short i lived a good bunch of my life like an unhealthy 4 rather than in alignment with the 1 i am ... okay , first , i'm going through some things right now ( if you've seen my recent threads you're likely able to tell ) . matter of fact i've been going through some things a long long time now . and i am ... aight , this makes sense to me . lol thats what i'd say as well . its just harder to tell with extroverted intuitives because , while in another way , they also seem really in the moment . im crushing on a girl right now and im pretty much 100 % sure shes exfp and while i'd guess shes an enfp i'm not so confident in my ability to recognize intuition in others . the type description for ... made a thread on this yesterday for more information . http : / / personalitycafe.com/nfs-temperament-forum-dreamers/1054754-fed-up-infp . html so yea i guess i figured out my problem . i think i'm ... im a fucked up infp and i just recently realised that when i really got into mbti . i'm 19 years old , living with my parents , just kind of finished school . i grew up in a toxic environment for my ... '