' o awww .. well i have softened with age .. i never said it was simple .. just easier . i am not great at love with individuals .. my love life is a train wreck and always has been .. lots of ... the difference i find is this .. it's easy to love and trust the individual .. but maybe not so much the human collective . it's a much easier weight to carry too . the problem i have with this conclusion is .. what drugs ? ? because no pothead , coke addict , heroin junky , pill popper , acid dropper or molly roller i have ever known or been figured shit stench should ... what he did or didn't do as far as drugs go is irrelevant .. the guy thinks the shit stench in the john should match the food on the menu .. drugs nothing ! it's mostly just a kink .. i don't need it to be present .. well ... should it ? a little back story .. i am a manager at slightly above fast food level asian style restaurant chain . today a man came in and asked if he could use the toilet .. said he ... reality is the sum of your perceptions and experiences and the values you place on them .. this is typology defined . if you think / feel reality is rotten that is on you . although i do ... magneto and professor x . i don't mind up to a point .. in fact most people whom know me tend to put me high on their list of preferred people to complain to . i am patient and not without sympathy and empathy . i can just ... instead of lamenting that you ( anyone really , who laments such things ) have been friend zoned , consider this ... the friend zone is most overwhelmingly common . the exception is the fuck ... i do this on purpose regularly . it's important to make sure what i believe is what i really believe .. my beliefs are a product of my experiences , perceptions and how i value them . as my ... what else do you have to trade ? and who determines the value ? and that is how money came to be .. it's actually quite a brilliant system and it is the single most important factor in human and ... i think about this sometimes .. i feel it's entirely possible . so many times we bite our tounges . we have little choice . social etiquette .. fear of authority .. loss of income . fear of ridicule and ... it is sad when leaves .. but it leaves the possibility of a reunion . it is such a heartwarming movie . pulls so many strings . this guy was so inspired by it .. he wrote a song .  ... i don't remember . but the movie that made me bawl the hardest was e . t . even though i knew he wasn't really dead .. i cried my eyes out .. in public no less . i can control one thing only .. that is my own behavior . i can't help what i feel but i have a choice in how i respond or if i respond at all . this is what i feel is the essence of your ... when what mattered no longer matters and what didn't matter does ... you've changed * . but perhaps it is regression . * people don't really change .. but their values do .. it's always a good idea to ... have you ever noticed that ; overlook and oversee have opposite meanings but fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing ? i have .. and it kinda pisses me off ... that is all . who ? me ? or those who judge others ? yes ! ! ! clearly he is a misogynist and a rape apologist ... or not . why are you dating him ? either trust your instincts or don't , but asking others is just asking for bad advice from people who ... yes yes .. it's because i don't know how to read a dictionary .. or my invisible privilege blinds me .. how is that even possible if it's invisible ? yada yada yada .. i have heard it all .. let me ... i am not a misogynist nor am i sexist .. but no way in fucking hell would i ever call myself a feminist . i never want to be associated with a bunch a little tyrant , emotional blackmailing , ... when his posts are thanked by me , it's because he forms his opinions using objective criteria not because i always agree with his conclusions , but rather because i approve of his behavior . everyone is talking about what eska did or didn't do .. but let's not forget he took a lot of abuse that was not punished .. including one post where was called an asshole with no infraction levied ... funny thing is .. if you are being offensive , i am not at all offended . crazy how that works .. hmmm i don't feel led .. i assumed you were genuine and i was just trying to help . i am not part of some pedantic and semantic club either .. nor do i actually care about eska personally . i am not ... so you are showing me how i should apply my own example then ? i am confused because you are not telling me anything i don't know so i am trying to understand what point you are attempting to make ... one more time .. it is an example ! ! ! and does not necessarily reflect my personal opinion on the subject so please stop preaching to me .. thank you :) ok that was just an example .. you know .. for illustration purposes only ? . i did not think i would need to write waiver attesting to that . you might want to stop looking for reasons to be ... it might sound like is equal to someone taking offense not someone being offensive . i will give you an example of the difference .. i say to a woman who is breast feeding .. put your ... caring is the result of personal motivation .. claiming that he doesn't care what other people feel is claiming to know his motivations . you can't possibly know what eska's emotions are .. for one , if ... au contraire .. in my own way .. i quite like you . my only game here is finding inconsistencies . that is my only obsession .. i am hardwired that way . it's almost never personal with anyone . you are ... oh god ! the irony .. and i find it ironic that you claim to know my thoughts .. or .. wait for it .. eska's see how that works ? as i already mentioned , it becomes a game of push and push back .. and politics and popular ... now this a perfect example of flaming and trolling .. well done daphne .. well done indeed . this .. there is big difference between being offended and someone being offensive .. they are not mutually inclusive . i think it is you who is not following .. you clearly think you are intellectually and morally superior and that it's impossible for you to ever be wrong .. and i am only trying to subtlety inform ... this ^ ^ ^ is the problem .. because it is based solely on subjective opinion and presented as fact . who decides what is morally superior ? i certainly hope you don't actually think it's you . and ... but daphne .. why must i be sensitive to a transgender but not a christian ? why must i fake empathy to someone but not expect it return ? why does someone think they have the right to tell me who i ... it's simple .. you must tow the popular line and that is final .. social justice is modern totalitarianism . for example ... you must be a feminist , if you aren't you're a misogynist . however at ... i am pretty sure i have reported you before ... are you calling me a bitch ? ? because i take great joy in reporting people who stoop to calling people names .. i positively adore doing it . so all ... but wouldn't this be an insinuation that everyone who does report a post is a bitch ? ghandi said something along the lines of ; the only thing needed for evil to flourish is for good people to ... another problem is when a post is reported because it clearly contains an infraction , such as a personal attack but nothing punitive seems to come of it . i think it would nice if they responded to ... this is because the most common type to populate the infj forum is the special snowflake syndrome type , not infjs . the majority of threads here are people seeking some kind of external validation ... i am 45 and i decided at quite a young age , that family life was not gonna be my thing . i knew from quite a young age that the established course of action and i were not going to get along ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzGJZxDfMgI i will not give you a penny more than you deserve i don't know why you bother asking anymore all of your charm couldn't make me change my mind i will ... mine would say .. fuck off ! ! ! 160 + it's the internet .. everybody is at least 160 on the internet . this is just five of my favorites .. not conclusive jar of flies - alice in chains achtung baby ! - u2 ok computer - radiohead the rise and fall of ziggy stardust - david bowie the wall - pink ... in the usa .. today's date is 12/07 / 2014 it's just the way they do it here .. i think it's retarded and prefer day / month / year like the rest of the world .. but this is america dammit ! ! ! and they will ... '