' bored and in need of human interaction edit : haha ... just read the post below me . must be in the air ! when you're eating a bowl of corn flakes and catch yourself pondering how they are made ... and then go google it . =/ itsme 45 and pinkrasputin ... major thanks to you both ! after the gym tonight i thought i'd try getting a run in and test out your tips . the beginning of my loop starts with ~ 0.5 m downhill ( it's a ... thanks . i appreciate your ( and pinkrasputin's ) input . i know 3.5 miles a couple times a week isn't consistent enough to make a big difference . i do other things ( gym for circuit type training and ... how on earth do i figure this out ? =/ i'm just happy to have my foot strike the ground at all . haha yeah , i figured i just have a sucky aerobic capacity . there is a ~ 3.5 mile loop that i enjoy ... that is awesome ! congrats with your new coach ! since you are an avid runner , i wonder if i might ask you for a tip or two ... :) i am guessing you were born a natural runner , i one the other hand ... i try to be active 3-4 times a week ( hike , jog , gym , etc .. ) . i think it's good for the brain as well as the body . i mentally feel much better when i am active . considering his picture ... yes , that's weird . ;-) ~ i truly think exercise will provide significant improvements . you can't help but feel better about yourself . it just happens . and it can be free and all natural ! :) ) getting into a consistent ... exercise ... ! it creates endorphins and really helps with depression . i personally have had periods of being in a funk and the last thing i want to do is any form of physical activity . but , if you ... enfps ... i'd like to see what all the hype is about . can't remember where i heard this but it has really stuck with me ... the pain of regret hurts far worse than the pain of discipline 1 ) do you like tea ? specifically hot tea yerba mate sometimes . generally coffee is my thing but if i'm trying to scale back on some bad habits , i switch to yerba mate . 2 ) do you often think ... sunshine makes me happy . i'm channeling my happiness ... :) i have been wondering this too and still don't get the purpose . :/ i mean , why the different icons ? a bit lonely at the moment . :( i just saw a show on stephen hawking's , the grand design . he actually has a book out called this . it answered a question similar to this . pretty interesting ... omgosh yes ! and i love scouring through mountains of data to find the one little anomoly that is throwing everything else off . people think i am a freak that i can do that . lol i'm such a nerd ... excess packaging . for whatever reason that annoys the crap out of me . =/ where exactly are you dangling these feathers ? ? ? : laughing : this is an easy one to answer ! if they spend any amount of time with you then they have some level of care and respect for you . if they didn't care or respect you ... they wouldn't give you ... btw , i think this link ( in the intj strengths section ) pretty much sums up how it would / could be easy for us to reach our goals . when those strengths are well developed , things just seem to happen . ... lol , ok maybe that wasn't the ideal word . it just seems like intjs easily take the steps action toward our dreams / goals and we therefore ultimately end up achieving them . i guess as i have matured ... maybe you need to take a step back and work on the smaller goals that will lead you to your larger goals . to be loved ... truly and deeply loved intjs have the unique ability to envision something ( a dream , a specific goal , etc .. ) and then effortlessly make it happen . develop your intj abilities and this will make sense . :) yes ! you all are fun and cuddly and make us smile ... of course we love you ! i completely agree . as i have matured and now fully understand my intj qualities , i recognize that i can accomplish any dream i have no matter how big or small . time and motion are the only factors ... stupid people ... hey now ... it was just a little silly humor . p . s ... :) 39927 i recently ( within the last couple weeks ) went through something similar . i didn't read all the posts but i gathered enough to see similarities . i found out my boyfriend had been lying about ... i think anyone would have been shaken up in that moment ! ! ! . i'm so glad you are still with us and nothing horrible happened ! i will channel my karmic powers so that this will come back to bite that ... someone tried to kill you ? wth ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? very well said ... concur ... welcome ... enjoy the forum ! when you get excited to see a nova show on black holes , quantum physics , etc ... when you have and weird aversion to even numbers . example : if my alarm clock goes off and i've been hitting snooze , i won't actually get up until the sum of the numbers on the clock equal an odd ... ok - enough talking about it . go do it and report back ! : wink : even more depressing ... now my nose is too long for my ears . 39574 well , this was depressing . i got an 8.44 and my ears are too long for my nose . pppfffttt ... i agree . i think it's a long shot due to the age difference but heck , see what happens . just be prepared to remain friends . i'd love that . i'd find it amazing actually . [ / quote ] great ! ! i will probably asking be asking him out soon . well .. he is about 15 years older than me . i am 20 . [ / quote ] that ( 20 vs 35 ) could be ... the last guy i dated came around a lot and was obviously flirting with me but , i could not bring myself to be as obvious in my reciprocations . i had a major crush on him but didn't want to seem like ... us intjs are not ones to take initiative so you better do it . i personally only end up on a date or in a relationship if i am relentlessly pursued ( and am relieved when someone else takes that ... now that i am becoming more aware and perceptive to the different types , i can look back at a few that i'm sure were enfps . we had crazy chemistry and were drawn together like magnets . unfortunately , ... so where do i find an enfp ? ? oh wait ... i guess they have to find me , huh ? :/ welcome to the forum . you came to the right place ! welcome to the forum ! '