' i just want to thank you for the beautiful phrasing of this thread title . reminds me of chapter titles in old novels . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UV1K9pO77ro congrats to you and to something sweet . it's not a christian cross , it's an xc for cross-country ( probably a fairly intp sport as sports go ) . https://sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash3/p480x480/562635_4447745803847_3619454_n.jpg i hesitated but ... what the hell . which one's me ? 68042 i hesitated but ... what the hell . which one's me ? the direct-current motor . also two nights ago this : japan charity bundle - official tf2 wiki | official team fortress wiki nah , i'm one of the few non-night-people on this forum as i've mentioned before . really nighttime is kind of cool , but it looks so empty it makes me sad . it just looks so empty , and i feel kind of ... oh god so many memories . i'm trying to read far too many books right now : dickens - a tale of two cities ( mostly to prove to myself that i can read it , as i failed in doing so a while ago , but i love dickens ' humor ) ... generally somewhere between aloof and timid . usually , i try and get out of the store with the bare minimum i need in the shortest time and with the minimal amount of interaction with clerks possible ... i don't dislike any of my relatives , but my parents ' siblings ' families lead such different lifestyles that extended-family gatherings are usually awkward for me . i've played viola for 8 years , did play piano for 7 . i'm not very good because i don't practice ... story of my life . also , is anyone else noticing that we seem to be tending to drift towards ... well ... i'm honestly attracted to any sort of knowledge at all . you could dump a pile of fiscal records of a small town where i've never been on my desk and i'd probably at least try to read them , ... i doubt this ... this is referring to a specific episode of pawn stars involving a unique tzarist russian piece is it not ? i also really work at getting emotionally invested in movies to the point of crying , and actually do the same thing sometimes with music , books , art , games ... etc . i just love the feeling of ... imgur : the simple image sharer i make pretty large planned-out things . nah i actually voted very close to the majority : academist , liberalist , environmentalist . i just wanted to be dramatic . this kind of indirect election tramples all over noble ideals of representation and democracy for all of us the intp people . by not allowing people of all opinion representation in the political ... wait ... the memes make you angry ? why would that be ? they're just silly jokes , sometimes pretty stupid , but nothing else . if you're talking about the actual people though , yes i live in a place ... ftfy . read the whole damn thing ! ! ! take that ! i'm actually quite happy with society's standard operating times , and for a reason that i can't easily explain i don't really like the whole concept of 24 - hour shopping or really even 7 - day / week ... not at all , just pointing out the effect on onlookers ' perceptions of intps that will be had by your having posted here . in all honesty , we could probably use more ' anti-intp's around here , it ... i can say from experience that it's a lot less fun when you never win that match or get that pin . you know while i appreciate the cute bunny pictures , by posting here as an f-type i fear you're unnaturally shifting the level of happy emotions in this thread far above what it would be predicted to ... wow uh ... you really like bunnies , don't you ? impossible ! i refuse to believe that such a thing exists ! and , because it wouldn't fit in my first post , but i wanted to include some choral music , here : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36Y_ztEW1NE and because penderecki is just so lovably weird as ... i've been listening to a lot of piano music lately . really though , i like all kinds of different classical music ( and i suppose music in general ) . some pieces off the top of my head i've been ... whan that aprill with his shoures sote , the droughte of marche hath perced to the rote , and bathed every veyne in swich licour , of which vertu engendred is the flour . whan zephirus eek with ... i've never overloaded myself just analyzing the music and musical passages . but , when i purposely imagine a frenetic series of images pertaining to both the music and my life personally , like it ... you make some good points . i don't fully agree with what the guy was saying , and i'm wary of didactic works , especially used in education , and so strongly disagree with the speaker on that front ... did you listen to his entire talk ? because he's really not talking about trying to form a cult-like obsessive following around principles of not believing in god , which is what rejectedreality was ... whatever he is , sounds like a cool guy . i feel ... both really . at different times . as a child i always felt ( and usually acted ) much older than i was , and many of my friends were older than me . it depends on what you mean by that . i like , and have always liked , ' fancy ' things , nice suits , watches , etc . that said , i wouldn't say i like ' shiny ' things because my taste in luxury items is ... i almost never divide my too-long posts here into paragraphs . sorry ! : unsure : indeed mickyj did do that quite efficiently . i'd like to add though that another problem with empiricism is that even if your senses were perfect , and you accept everything you're told by your ... want it , don't have it . having it wouldn't be much of a problem if i did know what it really meant ( on a personal level i mean ) . i figure i can do whatever i like as long as i keep my sacrifice quotas up . i would ideally run every day , but i'm too lazy . ( i will soon though , i'm joining cross-country ) . other than that ... occasional trips to the gym , but not much . sometimes i eat healthily-i know ... i think i mostly agree with you , but you're doing the same thing you're accusing others of . how can you say drugs are bad ? what gives you the right to say that ? certainly they can make it much harder ... oh that's us intps , a bunch of little socrates running around ( what is the plural of socrates btw , socrati ? ) . i'm truly glad an infj came and replied just for the sake of mixing things up a bit . i ... my ni is stronger than my ne on all tests . actually , i think all of my introverted functions are higher on typing tests . i've been trying to read ethics : the definitive works . at the moment i'm still on plato and it's succhhh heavy reading . i might just give up . i'm kind of in between fiction works at the moment ... yeah , i've thought about it a little bit . i would want the same things out of it i think you're talking about , like discipline , comraderie , new experiences , etc . there are certainly benefits . i ... hmm .. interesting . i also get a voice in my head that tells me it'd be interesting to jump on subway tracks , just for the hell of it . i never do ( thankfully ) but is it a little odd that i always have ... i used a zucchini that size for a slapstick scene in a skit i did in middle school about anarchy . that's actually perhaps my favorite thing i've ever written . as intps , i think we're often in an interesting predicament where we yearn for change and adventure in our lives ( ne i suppose ? ) but we're also generally highly reluctant to give into these impulses ... '