' yayy ! ! ! that was unexpected : laughing : bring it on samhain ! ! liberalist , pacifist , academist . sillia rosa posted this in the infp forum and i couldn't resist . for me , aragorn is in first with jim halpert as a close second :p roud : one of my best friends is an intp :) it's a fantastic type , for sure . i love how we thrive in mutual craziness :D it's like you're my tv show twin xd aside from what you mentioned , i'm also a fan of sherlock and doctor who , but you've covered just about everything else :] scrubs is probably my favorite show of ... why .. why would you write that ... ? why ! ? ? ! : crying : they died , you're annoying , or you're worthless are my three .. you know .. other than the horror i just quoted , above .. i got infp :p roud : i'm alright with that . fair enough : wink : i'll give you the first 5 that pop into my head : 1 ) they're incredible listeners . whenever i'm having a bad day , my infp best friend always lets me talk through it and never ... i dated an infp on and off ( but not excessively ) for 2 years , my current best friend is an infp , and one of my other close close friends is an infp . they're my favorite personality type , and though ... oh definitely .. and i think the conflict avoidance aspect of the enfj is exaggerated a bit too much . all the enfjs i know have strong convictions , and i know all of them stand by their beliefs ... um . sleep is the best thing ever . no work ? no classes ? friends are busy / i'm too lazy to call them ? sleep ! :D not only do i love sleep , but i adore dreams . i may not remember all of them , but rem ... i like quirky people , but in small doses . after extended periods of time with an extremely eccentric person ( no matter how fantastic they are ) i become a bit overwhelmed and a little run down . after ... i plead the fifth . but honestly , i dream of a world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned . you , like most of us , fall for infps because they're just so gosh darn lovely . i don't care if this is typist ( all types have their merits ) but you infps are my favorite :) thanks for existing . you ... just one of the many reasons why i love you , jawz :p roud : i meant oddball in regards to all enfjs , i wasn't setting myself apart from the group , rather i was setting enfjs apart from many of the ... honestly , just walk up to me start talking about something , my clothes , your favorite book , family , personal problems , the zoo , anything , i'll love you for it . i'm one of the oddball enfjs that ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m3k3irrbCB1qbtitco1_400.png i'm secure ... is it odd that i find that hilarious ? : laughing : http://www.web-research-design.net/crq/images/blank.gif it makes me sad that such a thread would come from such a lovely group of people . you're absolutely worth the trouble ! i can't think of anyone i'd rather go through life ( and all its ups and downs ) ... i'm not sure how much i agree with our being clingy in the conventional sense , but i have to say if anyone can handle me it's my infps . my 2 best friends are infps and whenever i'm feeling ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IJiHDmyhE1A i'm frustrated , confused , detached , but not defeated . it's just the general tune / feeling of this song that gets to me :) it's pretty accurate to how i ... : sad : that's horrible . at least you got through it and gained some sort of immunity to such scenes . i'm sorry you had to experience that so young , or at all . i remember when i was little i would have ... you know the kind . the ones from pirates of the caribbean , or legend of zorro , etc . when the main characters burst through the streets , destroying everything , setting horses loose , stealing the ... i definitely would , but not specifically because of type reasons . as for circumstances , i'm working through a bit of personal growth right now , which means some heavy introspection is goin ' on . there ... my first real relationship was with an infp , and a glorious one at that . he's one of the kindest , most intelligent people i know , and he's my current best friend . i adore this type . they're caring , ... not just the mentally ' unstable , ' but the mentally disabled as well can't be typed , and the reasons for that should be obvious . their personality is shaped largely in part by their condition , and the ... lately i've been a bit on the fence about my personality type , and this is one of the reasons why . i enjoy being around people , but i really don't mind being by myself . in fact , i've become more ... when you find a solution to a difficult problem rather quickly but are totally unable to explain how you reached your conclusion when asked about it later ( even within several minutes xd ) also , ... the enfj is the master of organized chaos . like many of my enfj friends i'm a horribly unorganized person , i procrastinate , i leave things all over the place , i'm constantly getting to appointments ... dear lonely enfj life's a bitch ain't it ? ha . sincerely , unrequited love :( my best friend ( an infp ) and i have almost always been on the same page . we have similar opinions on just about everything . everything except abortion . i'm pro-choice , he recently decided he ... all the descriptions of enfjs that i've read say that we turn to dark thoughts when we're alone . i'm completely in that dark , lonely place right now and i have no idea why . i just feel so sad , and ... it's in my signature , but i'm a 6 . i don't know any other enfjs who are sixes , personally . is it common ? that last post was for jawz , by the way . sorry for doing these in chunks , i don't know how to reply all at once in one post yet . etherea - i completely agree , and it's something i've been ... i understand what you're saying . i really just need a break from everything . from him , from school , etc . thank goodness christmas is coming soon . we're both going away for the holidays , so we'll have ... i accept your apology , mostly because your accusations are so horribly , ridiculously incorrect . you must not know very many enfjs , or the ones you do know are a horrible representation of us . so in ... i didn't really show too much enthusiasm , but i didn't react negatively . i think i was neutral , but i'm not sure that's how he took it . this irritation towards me was pretty quick in coming after i ... hey , i believe i've slipped into the category of the unhealthy enfj . i could really use some advice on getting out of this . lately i've been incredibly stressed . i have exams and i'm dealing with ... well , mastermind , with that in mind , what is your definition of love ? why do you feel that putting someone else's happiness above your own is such a bad concept ? maybe when it is constant and you ... is it common for infps and enfjs to be best friends ? just wondering because my best friend is an infp , and he's the most amazing person ever :) i dunno , i just really enjoy being around that type . aww :( i'm sorry about your void . i hope my slice of information helps fill it , somewhat ... honesty , sensitivity / caring , silliness / humor , intelligence ( this one is probably the most important , to ... i love how you put that :) thanks ! you're certainly right with your first point . my mother was diagnosed with huntingtons disease when i was barely into middle school , and i've been dealing with her illness for a long time since . i've ... hi everyone :D i have a quick question . all my enfj friends are incredibly bubbly , happy , and optimistic . they're great to be around , and they're all loving and accepting of others , just like ... abnormal , abrasive , intuitive , offbeat , penguins . '