' i am istj , and i clicked right away . people does not use this place as diary , so this post is here for other people to look at it . the message you have entered is too short . please lengthen your message to at least 1 characters . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_pVP65mgNQ i said intj because you typed too much things about you in very detailed ways , most of them wont hepl us btw but you still typed all because sake of not missing anything . you should be j thats ... ｒｅｓｐｅｃｔu 3000ｫｬｩｧ ａｍu 3000ｉu3000ｄｒｅａｍｉｎｇ ? you are intj , case is over . personality test site here it is , thank me later . lol , welcome . nice to meet you . it was hard keeping track of posts for me before i signed up . so signing up will definitely help you , i mean it will be easy to be notified about updates when you have account . infj my personality is written on my profile if you are interested : s it will ruin the guessing thing if i just write my type now :D and btw even i am close to my personality in many ways , i talk a ... isfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_EDvabyo620 welcome . finding experts will be hard for something considered as barnum effect for most of the psychologist community . hope you have a good time here . enfj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GZzPUbpjaGg why not ? that's probably because you were not exactly knowing what yourselfs are back then . and the mood you are in affects the exam as well . that in mind , people are likely to be misidentified as infp when ... no , i am not implying anything . since english is not my native it can be seem as that . so first do you saw any unnaturally happy intps ? brcause i dont , if we can get unnaturally happy it would be ... so an intp can be unnaturally happy ? i don't think so . btw i wanted to use borderline instead of bipolar at first but , anyways its interesting to see your answers . to me the things you have eaten is not that disgusting , i mean i can eat them too if i paid good for it lol . lets say after some trauma you get bipolar personality disorder , should not other half of you act diffrently then you do ? you are probably getting diffrent results because you started to become familiar with the test , thus you can start to get what test will say about you when you answered a question diffrently . the one ... what was the most disgusting thing you have eaten for money ? i am kinda curious lol . hmm . i guess i am not breaking any rules at all . except changing with gym clothes in p . e . class , damn i am not capable of sports wh am i changing for 2 minutes of run ... thanks for the game , will check that one . because zodiac is barnum effect . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TBw2SkySWJk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmsqrSQxmuM twichl good evening . i saw your thread recently and i have been thinking how i can reply to a person with very outlandish ideas . you may call me a dumb , but i really can't understand your reasoning ... don't friendzone intp's please . he probably cries everytime he arrives to his home after a long day cuz of you . lol . welcome to perc . 500 million depending on evolution . and cats . world of final fantasy 1.01 ( really how this can be my latest googled thing ? ) hitted ya . you didnt return though ... * cough * everything exists in this world . i am not suprised lol . oh , you play piano too ? th0x m8 i owyu sum . hoi m8s todhay i wull shuw ya huw huw 2 bi a nich € pokim @n masth £ r < 1 < 2 <3 < 4 first of ull u shouldi use € nth £ r inssstead dott nuw yur littl € koolah . so naw yull lern dha bassic pokim @n m @stheeer ... must be said before but , lies . oh , i am fine with figuring out how this site works but , i am open for buddies :D personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? - i want to be called as king ( lel ) . * male / female / trans ? - male location - turkey - if i can go anywhere atm i would be going to ... am i the only one that has no information about functions of mbti in this forum ? well , it doesnt pick my attention i guess :P well yeah , lol . it also happens to me aswell . but i have some kind of a theory about that . i heard that psychological issues were less common when jung was living . i can say jung did the most work ... you should read the descriptions about mbti personalities to be sure . and the same test shouldnt be taken more than once per two years , so you cant abuse it with the things you remember from it . then you should do your calculations for your homework instead calculating percentage of sureness about your personality . lol . you are % 94.69 sure ? how did you get that number ? ? ? oh . i find now . you did a graph and calculate its slope of tangeant line at one point using derivatives right ? right ? yes i am majoring in electronics engineering . i have to say its very complicated version of high school electronics and it has bizzare calculations . but you will be using system of formal logic and ... umm , yes i am from turkey :P but what does it changes ? don't go with software engineering . just sayin . there will be no advanced physics or math lesson in software engineering . instead go with electronical if you like physics and want engineering . or ... oh i told about my ocd so you can say whether or not its emotional contamination ocd . i think like things on summer house is already dirty so i dont feel any need to trying to make them stay clean ... first of all i dont think its not rational because it doesnt matter if i get sweaty at home and sleep . but lets say somebody touched my head , now i have to atleast wash my hair . i dont let people to ... thanks for the answer . i have seen two psychologist till now but i havent seen them in long terms . just 3-4 hours in total with both of them . i dont feel they are effective cause they only can talk ... wow , thats huge . you wont get anything with cutting yourself . your body is only thing that wont leave you until the end but you are trying to harm it . bad decision . hmm . thats pretty close to my life ( i am sth close to audiophile and never get out for fun : s ) but since i am majoring electronics engineering nobody is bad with me ( because i will be a money machine ... '