' god dangit now the song listen to your heart is stuck in my head my first crush as a kid was a cartoon character , don't worry ;D when you think about someone you know , and wonder what would happen if they died and start crying . but you're not crying because they're dead in your imagination , you're crying because you know you ... i actually agree with that a lot . i have a friend who always complains about her problems , and it annoys me because i've had the same stuff go on in my life and i * did * something about it . no matter ... when you think you should win an award for your skills at pretending to be peoples ' friends ( people who annoy the living poo outta you ) . even when they are at their absolute worst at their ... lol i just meant that the idea of working for your dreams kind of cancels out the beauty of the dream . if it just happened then it'd be better . maybe it's just me lol . :P but i still plan to work ... and then don't want to work to make it happen : 3 that's quite okay :P take your time my friend ;) lol 15013 15014 haha i'm just a lazy person :P but i'll try the link thing ... o . 0 15012 15008 15009 15010 15011 dont know how to do this other than attatchment . bear with me ... or tell me how . lol that stinks , cause i have pics right from my computer :/ how do you attatch gifs ? i have some i just can't upload : c / srry imma newb tazzgal 27 i luvs your username . l-u-v . im 16 and i cannot sleep without my little kitty . i gotta be hugging him or i cant sleep . i loves you ! ! ! xd hey i got me a dual citizenship with isfp's because i think i may be 50/50 ... and also . you know why i know ur fp ? because tj's really rend to bug the crap outta me but u and me are really alike ... when in starship , you see the whole dead god joke as an honest theory about what science will try to convince people in the future . or maybe this just happends when you watch starship while ... madferit welcome to the infp club hon . xd agreenbough idk about you , but tj's in general kinda irk me too you just described me right there : o i don't see why you don't honestly . i have a guy friend who obsesses about his hair , and it gets so bad that he overdoes it and it never looks good . but yours is pretty b . a . ! your signature just emphasizes what you just said . :D that is awesome . :D d am i the only infp who doesnt like anything but jeans , a tshirt , and converse ? i mean , i like seeing other people in pretty , elegant stuff like above , but i don't think i'd wear something like that ... dude u have awesome hair o . 0 ^ you're taking into assumption that everyone in the world besides your friends you have now are shallow and do not truly care . you could have many friends who do consider you a friend , you don't ... aww im so jelous . i wish i had perfect pitch . sometimes relative pitch just isn't enough :P yes but when you think about what it would be like to be an extrovert , you get quite lonely . xd maybe it's just me tho ^ ikr ? being an introvert is too lonely and shy . extroverts have all the fun lol awesome eyes chica ! wish mine were as shiny as yours ! ! when your school does a car crash simulation and you bawl your eyes out because , even though you knew they were acting , you thought for one split second , what if this was real <-- game over . right ... i do that sometimes , but just for the purposes of entertaining myself more than anything xd not just you ! ! ! i do that all the timmeee no joke ! ! ! why can't voldemort be an f ? i mean , he could be trying to hide it by being evil and all , but i mean really , his dad was a muggle , and he was * angry * ( <-- feeling ? ) when his dad refused to be a ... i think dumbledore is almost 100 % infp , because of the whole head getting too full of thoughts , and the need for a pensive thing ... infp's tend to be that way ... a lottt when you hate math , couldn't bear to live with math , want to destroy math , see no point in math , and would laugh if math was burning in your path . and you're getting a b in an advanced math class . omigod , if my hair started graying now i would dieee . i have qualities of both ! i's so confuzzled o . 0 ... when you can't decide whether you're n or s ? 13967 thats me pre haircut :D i has bangs now but i love this picture of me :P edit : it's my reflection in a filthy mirror , bear with me . :P i'm really feeling like an isfp right now ... o . 0 when you feel like the worst person in the world because you've recieved more thanks on this site than you've given . when you sit on a teddy bear and apologize . yeah , that is pretty cool how you're almost half and half . mom mom is that way but with introverted / extroverted . she scores a 50/50 every time she takes a test on mbti . bah , i have an nt friend and her need to be specific and on-the-dot need for perfection is one of those things i go to my friends to vent about . :P and i knew before i even took a personality test ... hey , i'm that way about my theater director . she's like another mom or a best friend . i don't think i'm like a daughter to her though :P i'm starting to doubt my infp-ness . i think inanimate objects have personalities and feelings just like my fellow infp's ( im 16 and i still sleep with a teddy bear for goodness sake :P ) but there are ... us infps would join in the group hug , but we're too shy and self concious :P i wish i could be an extrovert : o you know you're an infp when you see a little kid playing with his toy car , want to join him , but you're too shy , even though if you were that kid's age , you'd be playing with him in no time :P ... lol ... nfparty ! ! ! xd / immadorklol i think it would be more fun to be an extrovert . enfp's are so fun and spontaneous while infp's tend to be a bit more pessimistic , i've noticed ( maybe it's just me :P ) . but nonetheless i love you ... '