' display your collection of fancy probiotic yogurt . on a less literal note , i'm reminded of the below comic ... name : i like delicious meat and puns . it also has qualities from my typical username but i wanted something unique for this website to be more anonymous . avatar : i doodled it in a math class around ... then there's method b ; forming a coalition of loners that actually accidentally become friends and cause the stripping of their loner title . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C19H95-YI0M starting 16 , i dated a guy for a few years , fell in love , then had my heart ripped out shortly before leaving for college . here at college i dated another guy for like three months , but it never ... guide to making friends in six simple steps : step one : find a place were the same people gathering regularly ( for example , an extracurricular or class ) step two : if you are in a large group ... me : oh man there was a thread on sleeves and i missed it ? me : * clicks on link * me : oh hey i made the thread on sleeves ! anyways , i prefer skinny jeans ( not to be confused with jeggings ) ... oh man that be might it . unfortunately i have computer science and math classes to go to that are full of the opposite gender , so attempts at evasion-by-hermit-life are futile when people have math ... yeah the no trolling rule confuses and worries me because where's the line between sarcasm and / or being silly an troll ? my emotions are why i am on this website at midnight when i gotta get ... xntj of some sort . i think he's pretty much right on the i / e line . oh my golly there's a search function on threads . i'd never noticed ... https://roxieworld.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/mindblown.gif do you smoke ? nah . do you think intps would be less or more likely to smoke ? less because it doesn't make sense to do so , but more because it doesn't make sense to do so . if you don't ... do you smoke ? yeah , i smoke ribs , pork butts , salmon , brisket , and summer sausage . do you think intps would be less or more likely to smoke ? not necessarily . there are too many other variables ... https://media.giphy.com/media/SrXRkXTC3aPZe/giphy.gif not necessarily true . sometimes i just want to be a flower . a flower that can find the volume of a function rotated around an axis using infinite cylindrical shells and be a bad-posterior adventurer . that's because we are all on the interwebs . i always typed her as more of an isfp . at least p . she's disorganized and late to everything , and while she can talk to one person on the phone for hours , and she like lingering around social ... no no its a three legged pig with a large head , lying on it's back . around him , ash falls like snow as a result of the nearby explosion of the pork processing plant . that's how he lost is other front ... yeah . she works from home . it was nice during school when i'd forget something at home and she could bring it to me , or if i was sick , she'd be around . i think it effects her social skill a bit ... ink blot test time ! kahashi what do you see in this ink blot ! ? http://orig08.deviantart.net/edb6/f/2010/182/3/0/ink_blot_shark_by_hugzalot.jpg i have a pair of well worn boots that her handed down to me by my older sister . they were held together by duct tape on the inside when i got them . not only have i upgraded them by replacing duct tap ... i wanted to deny this , but alas i cannot . which way is left and which is right ! ? * holds up hands too see which one makes the correct facing l shape * http://m.memegen.com/7ti7cd.jpg i finally get new episode of rwby to watch after a major cliffhanger followed by a three week break . oh yeah also the new star wars a private dorm is the norm . ha . rhymes . alright moving on . i don't know what i feared more going into college and dorm life : getting a roommate who was super normal and thought i was a total ... i reached into my inner self and found the following : bleearrroooahhglleeeargh i believe it to be an alphabetic quantification of the abstract realm that resides inside me and guides me . that ... completing things ahead of schedule . shaving even in long pants weather . i've heard of this thing . something called a grocery list where you write down he things you need to buy , so then when you go to the store , you can be sure to get exactly the things on your list ... not quite a cooking tip , but related to food : i recently learned the adult lesson of never going grocery shopping on an empty stomach . no one ever warned me of the dangers . why did no one warn me ? intp wizards are too squishy for the army ! i go through different phases with eating . for a while i'll practically do nothing but eat , then i'll hardly eat at all for a while . food tastes good though . what i really hate is having to take ... gal ? u200b ( if your're referring to the op ? ) do you guys have an isfj relationship questions thread somewhere ? i drew a picture in ms paint today while waiting to take a test to combat pre-exam anxiety . i have decided to share it with this thread . 448618 math is cool though . * ends up being the last person in the room working on the calc i final because a solution to a problem accidentally wasn't very logical in the real world * so basically , i was given a function for ... i just discovered this super awesome piano piece . there's also an orchestrated version out there . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JTEFKFiXSx4 studying is where you intensively review class material from an entire semester before a final exam by doing all of the assignments you neglected all semester long . a common scientific inquiry ... huh . i'm about to finish up calc i , but i have never heard of f distribution or r values . what sort of math are they ? maybe it just has something to do with the fact that the highest percentage of esfjs are females , so regardless of meanness , any female would have the highest probability of being an esfj . so ... you don't seem to understand how friends work in the rational world . good old infjs . i can usually count on the infjs i know for spiritual advice . a thread like this would be incredibly surprising in the intp section . i should check in on the other types more often . ... acting is awesome for helping with anxiety or shyness or emotional development . i used to always want to try playing that type of mean character back in high school theatre , but my teacher and ... my closest older sister is an infp . we have a great connection , but we also fight a lot . that may just be a sister thing though . mostly we are good at making each other laugh . i'm never the one she ... yeah i had the feels . i've always cried easily as a response to a range of emotions , which i hated , but regardless of what my brain said , my eyeballs didn't give a care . while i'm not a male , i kinda ... an update after almost two years and a different computer . 445570 i started out this computer with the cool blue desktop i used to use , but some friends decided to change it to nicolas cage's ... http://45.media.tumblr.com/5cafd0fd35bcaf9454f87d1ca3836fa3/tumblr_nxtarsYJpb1u24312o1_250.gif i feel really awkward when people are around to celebrate another year of my survival . however , i do like baking myself a delicious cake every year and sharing it with people . finals i should be studying for are exactly why i'm spending more time on here ... 83 % of statistics are made up on the spot . '