' there is also a crap-tonne of mistyping and stereotype roleplaying in almost all personality typing forums too where people type to get one of the more dominant and admirable types . this is one of ... i'll just take a guess here , but i think the key is how these two types interpret the situation or translate it to their brains . entps are , at their core , debaters and excell att psyching out ... acetrainergreen i can only refer to myself ( although have seen similar trends with other entps here on the forum and irl ) but it's really just boiling down to touch fire to know it hurts . si ... i would tell my self this : * rely on your intuition more . * don't be a smug little shit , you're not as clever as you believe yourself to be . * prepare yourself , you're about to hit one of the most ... i admire empathy , loyalty , and integrity : * empathy because it's one of the most important traits ( in my opinion ) of being a decent human being . no logic or intelligence will redeem you if you are ... alternatively , when good point , that's true , and you're right are almost always followed by some variance of ... to some extent sorry i had to continue that one xd it was spot on ! when you ... thaaat's not stricktly true ~ ( if i may rudely butt in like this ) chances are higher that we ( more empathic entps ) will remember something if it's related to directly to our partner . success or not , ... it really is too bad , because calculus is in my opinion one of the most thrilling parts of mathematics . it really tickles the ne once you see the main pattern . actually , i would even go as far as ... alright , trash-talks about people's profile pics aside , i generally don't think us entps competetive in the traditional sense . we are too self-absorbed trying to overcome our own limitations and ... math can be a real pain to learn and especially in school when you need to show step-by-step each part of a process . however the kicks you get from actually understanding some new theorem or solving ... you bring up som really good points there . society really doesn't prepare us very well . i can only speak for my own time studying , but i always felt it all was pretty crushing . i was a good ... entpness you say he's introverted because of his coldness , but have you ever considered that he basically malfunctions and goes on self-destructive sprees everytime he's left alone ? a contrast to ... i ge the feeling of a common theme of us entps having a rough time finding a place in the world that we feel comfortable with ~ it does bring up a question though , do we have yet to find a place in ... what is this ? a proper post with sensical comparisons ? i'm sickened that someone dares to defile this thread of bullshit snark and dripping sarcasm ! i'm an entp and a leo , does that i will suffer some emotional identity implosion now ? so .. from what i gather from this , only the first quick summary of the personality types actually had some kind of usefulness ? i don't see how all that other stuff as income is even relevant to ... i would truly appreciate if somebody could take this on and condense this hypothesis . it's interesting but ( as mentioned earlier ) it's quite the read even for people with good reading stamina like ... good op and good stuff from r there ! i think alot of people are curious about the enneagram but shies away when they don't fully understand what it's about :) on a side note , ... i don't hate any types really . some of them leaves me tired and exasperated . others leaves me intrigued . that said , two types does come to mind . intj : can be some real assholes . however , i tend ... was bullied by this super strong and large guy in 1st grade elementary school . then we became friends once we started talking and hanging out together . i helped him with a couple of things since ... i feel feelings and all , it's just that i take very few things personally and in that regard i have quite the thick skin . however even i have limits and principles ( albeit few and versitile :P ) ... i sometimes eat pancakes with both ketchup and jam at the same time , much to the dismay of everyone around me at the dinner table . well , i guess that's the gist of what i'm saying :) since the juding function in infj is focused externally , it's only natural that it would make decisions and take a stance accordingly . in entp ti ... do you get anything from telling us about the lack of statistical evidence of mbti in it's own forum ? all who have even the slightest knowledge about mbti and cognition will know there aren't much ... my dear sunshine i just wanted to say that you're an amazing person , and that you shouldn't let anyone tell you otherwise . you've helped me in ways you don't realize so please raise your head and ... i have been browsing the thread for hours and i still have no idea what this is all about , yet i find myself happily attracted to it . : 3 so ... more entps should become moderators ? am i getting that right ? i rather kick back , relax and grab myself a beverage and either enjoy watching the discussion or ditch them if they turn tedius my confession will be kind of dark , but please bear with me . i'm generally speaking a nice and slightly over-empathic guy . but there is one thing i need to get of my chest . i really , totally and ... one thing really makes me tick above all else : when weak and petty people try to establish dominance and self-esteem through other people . in short bullies . i am generally a very empathic dude , but ... you are mostly correct . imposing beliefs and ideas on other can come across as that . how they handle that however is very much up to the individual . i mean , only in the entp area , we would either ... i feel your pain :) i had the opposite though . my friends were so shocked after the debate thing in school that it took me literally weeks to convince them that i did not in fact condone any of the ... another universal law : n always best function . period . if we have to compromise , t is pretty decent too . but you better pray to divine powers if you are extroverted , sensing , feeling , judging ! ! ! ... well , i want to spend my life with someone that is different from me , but also my equal . if it's someone i consider bellow my level i'll have a hard time respecting the person and feel held back , ... speaking of deranged people , are there a type thread for caligula ? i would love reading that : 3 dunno if it is mentioned before but : when you have debates in class , given a standpoint you hate / know nothing about , and then argue it so well you convince everyone that you actually believe in ... before i start , i just wanna warn you that i'm just speaking my own observations here , so don't take it for absolute truth :) alright , let's get started ! well , there are always deviants i'm a 6 ... i really appreciate these enneagram posts . it's quite a handfull for a casual like me to find any viable and concise information on 6s that aren't riddled with inaccurate nonsense or stereotypes . ... am 19 and by no means very experienced in life , but these are things that would have saved me alot of sleepless nights :) you're entirely correct madam :) childishness in my book is a ... good stuff per usual enthusiast :) i can vouch for the accuracy in my enneagram typology i'm generally speaking a quite proactive and careful person , and heights are definitely one of my top fears . that said , i find some weird pleasure in trying to overcome fear so i still find myself ... my advice to myself ? 1 . you're not as mature as you think you are . you'll go through the most psychologically devestating time of your life within a near future while also eating meds with severly ... i don't really think much about new and pretty shinies , but sometimes i just try them out just for the sake of them being new and shiny . it's very hit and miss however ; if i like it , i'll continue ... i don't even get what the original poster wants to say with all of this , not to mention the misleading header . i would ask people to interpret it , but i wouldn't since i couldn't be bothered why are the introverted versions always better ? they aren't . it's all inside your head ;) i like sarcasm . i'll post a question of my own : if you were a soup , what soup would you be ? i don't get the appeal of all of these drug-produce sleeps ( such as alcohol , weed etc . ) . to me it gives no quality sleep what so ever , so i could equally well be up all night , in fact , i feel exactly ... i have found that sleeping long doesn't necessarly help me out feeling rested , but the quality . here's some tips for that , based on my experience . i hope it'll be useful for you people :) * i ... what is your mbti type ? - entp what would you consider your deepest rooted fear ? - to succeed my ambition and reaching my dream only to realize that i've caused more damage than i have fixed i ... i'm currently playing dark souls 2 . my friend got me into this abusive human-game relationship around christmas time and now i'm stuck . seriously though , i can't believe i haven't tried the dark ... you have good taste , i like dem intjs :) intj & entp combo makes a very brainy and dynamic couple . i'd ship that any day of the week :) '