' emotional intimacy , yes avoiding it at all costs at the moment . being intimate , and failing seems to have triggered me . i'm currently in ' the grip ' . having quite a bad depressive episode which has ... in other notes , one of my closest friend's is the voice actor behind johnny bravo , he's an entj type 3 . a couple of years ago i ready books by john c . maxwell . i fond 5 levels of leadership and the 21 irrefutable laws of leadership at my local library . i read them constantly nodding my head and ... i have been a member of a few associations and institutions in the past . i was paying £ 1,200 a year to be a registered engineer with the institute of engineer and technology and engineering council ... yes . assembly for which platform however ? you need to be specific here . also number 5 is really jqueery . please help . today i was eating a triple sandwich , question is : where was my second half of one of my sandwiches and was someone eating it today ? or , does the second half not really exist ? some ... i do ashtanga yoga . yogi bear is just too common . hate suits . people use suits to hide behind , to me this isn't showing the authentic person . people are individuals , not identical robots . ties and other useless garments are certainly banned in my ... he's nothing like an entj . full of se and ti . he is an estp , an unhealthy one . his extreme narcissism makes him somewhat dysfunctional at times . i'm not going to make an argument for him being estp , ... tested people on facebook yesterday . two known estjs got vde-c . love , just something made up in movies . entj thread on this : http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/1045050-mindtrackers-personality-test.html entj thread on this : http://personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/1045050-mindtrackers-personality-test.html so , where was your towel ? what type of spice ? http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/toriko/images/9/90/Komatsu_escaping_with_hot_spice.gif ... intj ’ s and infp ’ s have been making a list : http://personalitycafe.com/intj-forum-scientists/1041386-new-neat-personality-test.html ... https://mindtrackers.com/personality-test my results : https://simonhowes.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/screenshot-2017-04-15-17-06-12.png?w=485 https://simonhowes.files.wordpress.com/2017/04/screenshot-2017-04-15-17-06-12.png?w=485 leader ( vde-m ) nature 54 % tactics 77 % energy 71 % identity motivating interesting you guys like this . mrcreepypasta is an acquaintance of mine . i also know creepsmcpasta very well - his brother is a friend of mine , records the videos with his brother , and is also a ... mystery science theatre 3000 on netflix , give it a watch . commentary of the movies is just like myself with my entj type 3 friend . we do not watch films quietly . failed at an attempt with someone i like . life and relationships not progressing at all , need to stay well clear thinking about every being in a relationship . just wasting my time , need to work ... anyone know any / are an entj that supports trump ? wow , fartface has lost here . 1 . could you explain your situation ? ( e . g . , i'm a full-time student or i work full-time , et cetera ) . i work full-time . new career in it , from the bottom in that career ladder , working 45 hours ... i know . i get weeks on end feeling just fine , then have a bad few days , then i'm fine again . just empty feeling . met someone , she's still not over her ex . another failure , which is making me sad as i beat myself up over it , followed by utter confusion . i know a lot of people , more know me which and i don't ... i've had a tough couple of weeks feeling sad . the forever single thoughts are sinking in . trump slowed down does it for me . he is drunk ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHSiL25SsKw feeling alienated is why i started reading in to personalties . i wanted a need to understand others , and then myself . i have a lot of acquaintances , i mean a lot ! i'm known by people for knowing ... yes . i've been diagnosed and treated for gad , it was more of a side effect of chronic severe depression that i suffered . the article doesn't cover anxiety at all . i over thought to a point where i ... anyone entjs here like to help the shy or introverted ? examples : when business networking . i get a buzz out of these situations with large groups or meeting new people , however i know many find it ... 26 . as long as it doesn't interferer with my plans and with people i like , then i'm fine with it . i can manage some spontaneity . just enjoy the party . seems some of my friends are obsessed with surprise ... loyalty , dependability , trustworthiness , justice . whatever the opposite of projection is ( edit , introjection or empathy ? ) . i have a job interview next week for the government . i have 4 sections i need to cover , there is a framework supplied . one is this . the other three i have done on work related situations , so i ... decided to dip in to a few mbti facebook groups . let's just say , why did i bother ! decided to call their shit on just always being about sterotypes . replies : typology = stereotyping . there's no ... i wonder , leadership is synonymous with entjs . :D i'm going to this event , sounds interesting . café scientifique is delighted to welcome dr dawn eubanks , associate professor behavioural ... bringing back street cleaning , filling in potholes in the road , giving someone an actual job . i wouldn't say our welfare system is robust . most of it is now outsource to for profit companies , the ... there seems to be an obsession with building new war memorials in my city . three have been made in the last 6 months or so . we already has some large ones that are used to cover not just wars from ... people tell me i can be funny , energetic , lively . then in other situations i switch to serious mode , especially when momentum kicks in while working . woosh ! prada treat it as a technical exercise : who bothers to question it , and then to click the source and read it in context . i misread this thread as : the benefit of donald trump in our lives , there isn't one . quotes : perhaps the most obvious giveaway is an ntx 92s tendency to make x93small talkx 94 or to want to x93chatx94 with you . while small talk appears to be nonfunctional , for nts it serves a very specific ... you lost me on the first line . mbti as an instrument has nothing to do with romance . intp stereotype : https://scontent-lhr3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xft1/v/t1.0-9/12800326_10208453818765850_2366159301410697882_n.jpg?oh=109d9592a46c93b75e44011f0f7c5a98&oe=5754A7FD #ohdear one is annoying with fe at times , the other can be freaking scary ! :D i'm stereotyping . :P i have made a big message on my door : beware of the dinosaur ! due to health and safety regulations i have to make you aware of his occupancy . roar ! , with a lovely drawing of a dinosaur . how to piss off this entj , be passive aggressive ! story is , i had an inflatable dinosaur for my birthday . so , this afternoon i sat him on my balcony , on a chair at the table with a cup of tea ... i don't think i have ever experienced emotion attached to a memory . i can think of situations , i think of what as happening , but emotion is totally detached . the only emotion i can bring up is ... '