' old things had soul back when we manufactured products , and didn't just operate financial institutions that just happen to sell cars ( and .. pretty much whatever else we need in this disposable era .. ) ... i usually just throw rocks ... reading this thread makes me wonder if i should change that up , just a bit at least . well , my city is notoriously cold and unfriendly , and there's a gender imbalance as the industry here is largely technology and some manufacturing as well . there are just not enough women to go ... oh god . yeah i have some doozies , it's a total mixed bag and takes a lot of diligence since the gender ratios aren't quite balanced . never had anything go more than a couple months but i keep ... honestly i was being a dick for no real reason . and i'm cynical about business . you probably made the right call there lol . all the time . i am constantly changing things up , always moving , always exploring new possibilities , professions , and possible professions . i even had a mortgage , once . for almost an entire year ! ... i ... i love you . seriously ! you just saved me a ton of typing . people saying , weed does x to me , is almost the same as saying , food makes me sick to my stomach . for one thing , like any other ... i know . obviously i said that because i knew you wouldn't be able to back what you said , though i will admit that was about as anti-climatic as it could have been and almost didn't motivate me to ... not sure who made it , but it was by someone on another infp forum ( may have been facebook ? ) . 83670 and then of course there is this scene , one of my favorite movie clips . a number of re-posts ... i'm the one who's self important here ... noted , dear and fair leader . please , do tell me though - how can you tell that i not only lack leadership skills , but lack them in their entirety ? reading your posts here make me feel like i am sitting through a pyramid scheme presentation ; something like sleazy time-share meets overenthusiastic motivational , with a touch of condescension .. http://youtu.be/GHLelReSWdY sleep is an interesting subject . my ultimate sleep schedule is about 5am - 2pm . dyed in the wool night owl . i worked mornings for years after school and i never got used to it , to the point where i ... it's hard to let go of people i've actually grown close to . i had an extremely close friend who was a couple years older than i , so they graduated and went to a near by college . i didn't stress it ... well , i went to this random mbti meetup thing i found on sunday ... there were 9 people , 7 of which said they were infp . they were all radically different in appearance and personality , one a bit ... textbook virgo . thought it was all generalized bs that could loosely suit anyone until a friend of mine who's really in to it gave me some elaborate reading from my birthday / time / location / etc .. it ... haha ... yeah i was taking pictures of my hands , and noticed i can get really clear shots of my palm . hmm , internet palm reading ; i just need to partner up with a internet psychic and start a business . nah , i would call it appropriate . i was in a self-destructive rebound phase at the time .. name calling isn't nice but i usually give myself some leeway when i am talking about myself . :-p does anyone read palms ? i've heard of reading eyes too , may have to start a thread .. :-p only one way to find out . another good quote : write drunk . edit sober . no clue on the source .. google seems to credit hemingway . fitting . :) hahaha ... devastatingly appropriate ... starting to get a little long in the tooth . may get red ones next , not sure .. though black goes with everything . hmmm . ... sex is a sort of relationship barometer for me . it's fun and intimate , and a great workout ; if it becomes a chore or falls off , if only one person is asking for it , if it's not as mutually ... he wrote his best stuff in rehab . still does . i've heard that a lot about writers , that they work best with the bottle . perhaps it's the , f * ck it , good enough state of mind that allows works ... not gonna lol , not gonna lol , not gonna lol , not gonna lol ... http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/Jack-Nicholson-lol.gif ugh . i lol'd . dirty minds and espresso don't always ... d'awww ... that's an insanely cute story ! :-p i think there might be something to it . i think , deep down , waaay deep down there , people who think you're weird admire it at least a bit . and being around you versus normal people has a ... i will plan obsessively for months , prepare , wait for the perfect moment , and then ... choke on my spit or something and she has to revive me . actually , that would be kind of cute ... ferris bueller , ... le sigh . i did get tired of people trying to kill me in their cars , and i try to tell myself it all worked out for the better .. i had it for about a year , i sold it a couple years ago to pay some ... i think the black / slate thing can work , it's masculine , although the flesh-tone text bothers me for some reason . a good header graphic ( or something ) would be a massive improvement though , the ... had this for a while . it was every bit as fun as it was loud and ridiculous looking ( and beautifully ugly ) . and probably just a little un-infp . :-p 82899 this one is what i bruise my butt on ... action shot ( s ) . http://i891.photobucket.com/albums/ac118/laustsole33/paper_zpsa9f158ef.jpg http://i891.photobucket.com/albums/ac118/laustsole33/rock_zps83fd5c75.jpg ... this , a thousand times over ... whaaat ... :-| surprised to hear that . ever since i got out of things i've intentionally kept my nose out of the news and blogs for fear of getting sucked back in ... there are enough douchey car guys that i won't disagree , nor try to argue it's a few bad apples . tons of d'bags in the communities for sure , with brand loyalty being the root of nearly all of it ... interesting , thank you all for your input , it has been very helpful and more plentiful than i imagined .. some of this applies to me but thankfully not a ton . i only have one cat , for example . and , ... i've seen here and there references to unhealthy infp's ; but what does this mean really ? other mental / behavioral health issues like anxiety or depression , narcissism , ocd .. ? first off , you did the right thing , for both the women and yourself .. good man . i've turned down sexytime due to various ethical reasons . sometimes i regretted doing the right thing , but usually ... i've been in the same boat .. way too familiar with the façade ! sometimes i think it's due to above-average empathy-type traits where i absorb whatever is around me and adapt my behavior to fit in ... only if it's relevant to the conversation , which out in the real world , has been precisely once .. florence , with a twist .. :) http://youtu.be/PAvdqEsobaw i stole a date once after my friend got pass-out drunk and needed a wingman , and i also co-cheated with someone a couple times . not proud of it , especially the cheating . it was all exciting in ... yeah , i loved the bikes i had too , but just too many close calls with other people on the road , i decided to get out while my only crash was on my dual sport in the snow trying to go up a hill , hah . ... this is pretty much me , hah . keeping me on task at work for my boring daily tasks takes a conscious effort . i'm just waiting to get a talking to because i took the opportunity to spend a lot of ... hmm , well my computer chair is a recaro profi . i might qualify ? :) http://youtu.be/53c6o_cNPEo <3 ayrton .. cars are moving , living art . the colors , sounds , shapes , textures , smells ... i ... did someone say ... 82193 this is almost my situation to the dot , just replace procurement with engineering . however i always knew i was not a manager so i have never taken any steps that direction , unfortunately i think ... i moved to a new city for work with no friends or family in the area .. meeting people has been extremely difficult . people at work , while i get along great with them , all pretty well keep to ... this pretty well covers it . i was always better at writing out my feelings . 80729 '