' honestly , the concept to me is hideous . because love is so conditional . at least , this is how i experience it . we don't talk much about the outer-world influence on 4s , and how ... so ... after the long journey into typology , personal therapy , and academic / intellectual exploration i am pretty confident that i am an iee , not see ( some kind of fi-subtype , although , i have not ... red magician well , i've never believed in a single truth , but i do think it is important to understand and honour the subjective truth of the individual . however , the way i see it is that ... me . ^ _ ^ seriously , aren't they just extensions of evolutionary and biological maps of human development ? sorry for being scattered ! no , it's not a different persona , it's actually a split-off part of personality / identity . to try and explain ... the human mind is pretty awesome . with dissociation , ... fenix wulfheart sorry , i don't come on perc often ( only when i am in certain moods ! ) i just want to say that what you said about multiplicity is very interesting and i agree ! in fact , a ... it is absurd . but why ? the obvious in now a novelty ? what is this world ? my husband ( intj ) found this soo funny . every time i say kitkat in a cone , he pisses himself , lol . i don't understand it but i do love it . kit kat ice cream cone is seriously just a kit kat ... i forgive you . sort of . kind of . this will be as good as it gets . so , many people have settled on their enneagram type . some haven't . it's all gravy . : crazy : let's talk about the next option . let's explore that ... it might be interesting ? p . s . - i'm really ... you ask whatever you want . :) to clarify , i have not been diagnosed with did , but i have been ' labelled as suffering from ddnos , which may have changed it's name recently to osdd - 1 ( i think ) . i ... i should also talk about the fact that i have a dissociative organisation of personality , which is quite common for people with history of trauma . in simple terms , in means that i don't have a ... for me , every model is just another tool in my arsenal . i don't believe that one way of viewing life is more superior to another . it's just a different fragment of perception and understanding . ... my heart is overflowing , full of rage and sadness . the grenfell tower tragedy strikes close to my heart . i spent the last two hours panicking about my fucking brother who lived there , only to be ... i haven't , i'm afraid , i don't like those questionnaires ! i'm a practising therapist and i would like to get get to the nitty gritty of things ( when i say that in my british accent it sounds very ... i am really interested in discussing my type right now . i have been in therapy for the past year and think it will be an interesting angle to bring to the self-typing process . i don't expect ... can i go back to kintsugi please i'm a therapist and i feel there are different levels that i work with people . for example , some people come to me and they have a specific problem they want to work on . we can use cognitive tools ... for me , enneagram is one of many tools that may be utilised in the process of self discovery / knowledge ( i make the distinction here between the humanist's belief in the inherent goodness of humanity ... don't let the number be a guide . you are stronger and more powerful than you realise . don't get stuck on this number . it's just a concept . it's a way we make sense of existence . taking it ... idk , 4 or 5 ? sx being very sexual is a new and interesting concept to me ! i was always told that it was about intensity and that confused me because i am extremely intense and , whist being typed sx-first by many ... ahh the conversations in this thread feel nostalgic . in a good way . ;) unfortunately it is ! it's a manifestation of spiritual bypassing , i believe . seems more prevalent these days , perhaps because things like yoga and new-age self-help quick-fixes are all the range . i guess when i use the term ego i am thinking about self-concept . almost like a self-ideology , if you will . i don't think ego is a bad thing , i completely disagree with the idea that in order to ... interesting . i relate to the push / pull aspect but i'm not sure what my instincts are , lol . i suspect that contra-flow makes more sense for me but i've only really just started taking instincts ... another thought , i think trauma reactions can often look and be mistaken for reactive types when viewed through the lens of enneagram . that said , perhaps there is a conversation to be had about ... interesting . does this mean contraflow types are more likely to feel internally conflicted in some way ? yes , definitely . i'm currently in therapy and working on overcoming my own issues related to complex trauma and i have found that it has complicated my typing process . i've recently only started ... i've become an instinctual-stacking whore . i feel like there is so much difference within type , with regards instinctual stacking . yes , philosophically , i understand that the number is meant to ... enneagram is an interesting map of an aspect of reality . but it is just a map . the map is definitely not the territory . one thing i would ask is how much trauma have you experienced in your life ? sometimes , we protect against trauma through numbing ( dissociation ) , and this can lead to impulsive and intensity seeking ... alex the kid well , anger is emotion / feeling . you can be in denial and still think the world is full of evil . 8 is driven by anger , and something has to be driving that anger in the first place . they aren't apathetic like 9s . the rest seem good i would have thought the 8 response would be more intense / passionate ( reactive type ) . 8 is about feeling as though the world has done you wrong , it's a very vindictive type and reactive type ... ask me questions , etc . this seems interesting . se well , pink is xsfp before she is anything else . i have seen arguments for 4 and 8 . but all i see is the se / fi in some order . cinton is just ... hmmm . well , she's a liar . don't get me wrong . i ain't no trump supporter , lol . i think they all got issues that run deeper than typology . there are similar patterns , sure . i don't think it's helpful to compare the types . stereotypes work from a disconnected and broad-view sense , sure . you'll probably find that that when you start to get to know someone personally and intimately , that stereotypes fly out the ... donald trump seems to have what we call a personality disorder which makes it hard to type him . for fun ... 1 . the righteous 2 . the desperate 3 . the mask / charlatan 4 . the abandoned / alienated well , of course . you put anyone in any box and you fall prey to bigotry ( c'est la vie ) . calling someone a bigot is an interesting thing . what is bigotry ? to me , it's about the inability to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TvvZsHwrngA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFko_Xf-H30 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sEOKgjoxoto putting emotions aside to get the job done . listen ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2tJipvjt4w4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TEZxnAwbYbw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LaB-bkAWNfA not a picture , a song ( sorry ! ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hg90Okk0fhw '