' start labeling that info as important in that filing cabinet in your head . let your ne keep up all night trying to fit the peaces together :) you should whiteboard your data and connections and ... the science channel is about the only one i watch these days . joe dies at the end discuss : the dunning – kruger effect is a cognitive bias in which unskilled individuals suffer from illusory superiority , mistakenly rating their ability much higher than average . this bias is ... does anyone else get confused about who they are or what's going on in there life when they are forced to socialize for a prolonged period of time ? i'm talking about like 2-3 day trip with little ... one thing i love about wiki . i'll start reading about one topic and an hour later there's no telling where i've landed at . i have no input on the current the topic but after following the rabbit down the hole ( wiki ) i ended up @ hegesias of cyrene - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia . and i thank you for that . i enjoy trying different diets and workouts . it's interesting to see how the body and mind reacts to what you put into it , how much sleep you get , and what physical stress you put on it . i think a ... is there something i should do differently when using the ipad app ? i can never connect to the room . fridge 3 dozen eggs 2 gallons milk sliced ham sliced turkey sliced cheese shredded cheese grape jelly apple jelly strawberry jam i can't get enough of into the universe , how the universe works , and through the wormhole . i believe the documentary you are talking about was one of those . i remember watching it . iirc , they ... any updates ? while analyzing my previous two year intimate relationship , i came to the conclusion that it was actually research project . unconsciously i would do or say things to just to analyze the response and ... awesome . now i worry that i'll show up ... mistyped . i'm sure once everyone was comfortable ( 1 stiff drink ) and you hit a subject of interest the silent moments are over . then it becomes an issue of getting your word in before the subject changes . the conversation flow , the speed at which topics are covered , and how quickly they change should be interesting ! i'm trying to understand the ti ne relationship . for example . when introduced to a new situation , i can't enjoy it until i understand everything about it . things begin to come naturally and you can ... i could probably make it . i don't live that far from atl . there is a through the wormhole episode with the topic of discussion being robots coming up @ 10 est . i thought someone might be interested . the key is implementing the new input system while creating a universal form of communication . we also need to design it to read our mind , or just predict your next decision using body language , ... that's exactly what i was getting at . the technology would be key for virtual objects , interactive walls , mirrors , and then we have the potential of new forms of input devices . don't call it a grill without a flame , charcoal flame . edit : charcoal embers season it before you grill it . even if it's getting bbq sauce . illumiroom ( kinect + projector ) has potential.the patent is described as 2 projectors in a sphere not just what the video shows .   ... whoa , i can assure you i am not an alpha male . i do enjoy challenging the alpha in a non-confrontational ( spectators ) way , but i am very rarely considered the alpha . mist likely i will be the alphas ... i think i have man crush ... i doubt it , seriously . it's common knowledge the girls care more about the 8 pack than the big arms . you can do that in the kitchen . 400lb bench press , 500 lb deadlift ? only dudes will care about ... i think it's more geared towards being a man's man than manly . i mean you know i chop my own firewood , hunt my own meat , club my women and drag them to the cave . not my bedroom but it's where i spend all my time . i only go to my bedroom for sleep . http://i254.photobucket.com/albums/hh86/moreland11/2013-06-24_19-22-15_8021_zps057d88a1.jpg a practical benefit of guys being way too into the gym that the ladies should enjoy . you get really really good at cooking for taste and efficiency while staying healthy . now if you ladies would quit ... awesome ! after a few more drinks i may trim the beard down to the hhh style and post it up haha ! ... i think there is also a huge misconception that guys go to the gym for the ladies . i would rank self satisfaction or competing / impressing other guys higher . a challenger appears ! 1001 rules for my unborn son - compliments to stumbleupon . i enjoy sports , lift 3-4 times a weeks , hike the bike trails 3-4 times a week , enjoy grilling out and drinking ... information technology . paying your dues in help desk or desktop support gets old , but once you get to admin / engineering level it's a blast . i guess it also depends on size , budget , and management ... two of my work friends and i have been discussing this because we're surprised how easily we follow each other . sometimes one of us will be like where the hell did that come from ? and the other ... dark matters : twisted but true the it field is a bit saturated but only at the lower levels . if you can get past the position that you interact with the end user daily , it's much better . does anyone else do this ? you meet someone new , most likely totally different than you . throughout conversation you find out a few of their interests or hobbies but you have no input on the ... anyone else notice they can dilate or constrict their pupil at will ? edit : eye contact thread brought this about . it depends on if it's a crowd or not . i'm fine one on one because reading their face is part of the conversation . if it's a crowd i'll bounce from person to person and pretend to make eye contact ... same here . i'm horrible at flirting . i don't like faking it either because i feel that it is deceptive . on topic - in my cave at work , the gym , jogging the bike trails at a local park with my ... baseball defined me for most of my life . i still miss it . i only enjoy competitive sports when i am in mid season form . i'm still looking for a competitive adult league hard ball but the closest ... it's not so much that they are celebs , but it's an effecient google image index . i believe our engineer team is made up of 3/4 intps . we work well together although most of the collaboration is done via im from the comfort of our caves . we also have have drinks together once a ... i watched wwz saturday so it was fresh on my memory . i wanted to grow it tom brady length for the hell of it . starting season 1 ep 1 . it this fails to grab my interest i'm going to try firefly . previous series i've enjoyedare heros , prison break , spartacus , the pacific , band of brothers , deadwood , game ... it infrastructure at an enterprise level . there's always another component or software to learn and an endless amount of problem solving or improvements to be made . and then we have our brainstorming ... the reason i have trouble going to sleep . i just cut my hair of a few weeks ago because i live in the southeast and it was becoming a burden running . it was roughly the length of brad pitts in wwz . now i'm pissed i cut it off and i have to ... if i'm rushed i normally reply to how does that make you feel or how do you feel about that with a quick analysis of the situation . if i have time i may be able to understand how i feel or should ... '