' hmmm true true . thanks yes , that's a good point . i can own my decision . i'll just have to do more research first ... how about this ? 306266 yeah i guess my qualms about that were related to his cultural norms . after he left , his friend was alarmed that i was walking home alone ( cultural thing ) and escorted me , so the contrast struck me ... i'm going crazy and need a sounding board ! i would love some insight as i have lost perspective ! i have been seeing a man who i think is an infj . ( jackpot .. ! ? ) he replies to my messages and ... i don't know - it's been a few months now - we live in separate cities , but he's come to visit me , introduced me to his friends in my city , and even taken me to meet his parents twice . i've become ... thanks for your insights frabjuosity . i don't know how i feel about this isfj , i would like to date exclusively but beyond that i couldn't say , so maybe throwing myself at him would imply more ... thanks that's encouraging . i'll think about it .. ! because i'm terrified of rejection too ... is there something i can do without actually making a move , that might encourage him ? there's a man in my life who i think might be an isfj . he's taken me out to dinner several times , taken me out to meet his friends several times , taken me for a sunset stroll on the beach , taken me ... new years resolutions : say yes anytime someone asks me out ... i already have a date this weekend . and i want to vomit . live in the moment - especially in relation to dating - be kind and open ... this pretty much . in my words ... open minded and interested in all types of people and cultures social conscience / interest in the state of the world / plight of battlers etc . laughs when i ... wow , as an infj 6w5 i find this freakin ' depressing - i wish i hadn't read it ! a few more positive aspects of this enneagram / mbti combination please ! infjs i'm back for dating advice ... i've been trying real hard to navigate the dating world by being more open minded and giving guys a chance when they ask me on a date - but my intuition ... some thing as simple as making eye contact and taking a genuine interest in what someone is saying can go a long way in showing that you have genuine interest . i know for me , feeling like my thoughts ... from her latter responses , it sounds like she's not interested , but is trying to be nice . one big mistake you've made is writing signifigant stuff in messages ! ! sms , facebook and email should only be ... is this part of te ? i've always been good at sorting and keeping material things organised . i find it secretly thrilling sorting through a cluttered storeroom and creating order and more efficient ... it was such a good post before i got to that bit . this thread is getting me thinking about how to nurture my ni rather than the te i was digging for ! interesting . interestingly i relate to this too . i'm still emerging from a season which shattered all my beliefs and motivators ( what feels like ) beyond repair .. but if it was a result of interacting with te , it ... i'm constantly using ti ( i think ? ) , in that i can assess situations logically and identify problems and changes to the system that would make everything work better . when i can implement the changes ... thanks ginnaynay . what you're saying makes sense . i think i have to train my brain to accept that . this sounds like just the sort of thing i'm looking to read at the moment . thanks for the suggestion ! this sounds good , i'll start there . actually i'm not too bad at that type of discipline - i'm a great budgeter , and if i have a deadline for something , i just go go go to get it done on time . open ended things like writing or long term ... feeelings . they're just so problematic . infjs do you ever think you'd be better off as an intj ? i feel like i could look at everything more objectively , and enact a greater degree of discipline into ... over the years , my closest friends have tended to be enfps , they are a type ( i feel ) i connect best with . but i've realised a recurring trend which causes me angst ! ! thoughts please ! it seems ... oh yeah , i get that - people who think too much ... it's just not sustainable . i know a lot of happy and successful people who just don't think too much about a lot of stuff . sometimes i wish i was more ... i used to think i was smart . i got told that a lot when i was young . i'm a perfectionist , so if i study something i enjoy , i do it well . these days though i'm getting pretty stupid . i admire the ... thanks gypsy , that's an encouraging response ! sounds a lot like me , so i won't give up chasing the odd enfp just yet . yes ! i would literally book a ticket and go to greenland . even if only 3 other people come . that would be fantastic . hang out with infjs and see the aurora borealis - kill two birds with one stone ... i'd say pick your battles . for an infj , just turning a blind eye to clear injustices is very detrimental , well for me anyway . it'll eat away at you and make it very difficult for you to respect ... thanks for this thread ! it makes me feel like less unique at cocking up relationships . there's some quote - sometimes we build walls , to see who cares enough to knock them down . i sort of hate that ... i feel like i should add though , that ultimately , being emotionally plundered by the constant nastiness i had to deal with from people , media , academic study , for being a christian - it contributed to ... enfp guys and gals . what gets your attention , what piques your curiosity , what steams up your glasses , and what ultimately wins your heart ? or even better , what do you look for in a really , ... i suppose i'm a reluctant agnostic . losing my faith is still very painful to me , and an ongoing process . i'm afraid to be wrong , which is why i'm an agnostic not an athiest . and like stardeep said - ... oh yes , come to australia ! we can have a big camp out in the bush in winter with lots of ambient campfires - perfect for deep and meaningful conversations - what introvert doesn't come out of his shell ... i wouldn't say infjs are socially inept by definition . some of us are though ! but you're right , very probably less-so than we think . thanks emerysfriend . i adore enfps and try to have as many in my life as possible :) thanks ann kaneand ethanol . yeah you are right , he was a douche . he'd also had a few drinks , and if i'm honest i think we had a bit of twisted , frustrated chemistry , and he was feeling annoyed that ... lol , i just posted this a few days ago about jobs i avoid : i like your point though ! it's funny because sometimes i can give off this vibe that i'm a natural extrovert . but more and more i'm finding social settings incredibly difficult and am really doubting myself . i'm not the type ... i think i'm just repeating what others are saying , but i tried so many minimum wage jobs before i got qualified and found my niche . the one's that i felt most comfortable in were : - cleaning jobs ... i wound my way around by convoluted paths , to find a new route forward . but the detours of a busy life have brought me to an impass once more . the camoflage of chaos have tipped the ... hey jamie , i didn't get my license until i was 25 - nearly all of my peers had it by 17/18 . i didn't even get my permit until i was 21/22 ? it was a long haul to get it ! but now i've been driving ... i know , you're right . ! . there are many good things about me , some days it's just hard to see the forest for the trees ! :) i just read this quote : socionics - the16types.info - infj description by filatova is this something most infjs can relate to ? i've never seen in mentioned in any descriptions before , but ... tendency towards negativity - ironically rooted in intense idealism . deep sense of lacking . screwed up social skills . my faulty family interactions , and inevitable guilt and resentment that ... my mother doesn't hate all sauce . it was a specific sauce . i care a lot about both of my parents , and have spent much of my life doing my best to see it from both sides , and this whole ... ah ... hell no ! ! ( unfortunately ) . goodbye anonymity ... ( history there ) . i will definately print off some info for him though . i've been finding some good stuff online tonight - and in the articles ... i could see how this could be perceived as humour in a odd way , sadistic humour .. the sauce incident happend twice in a matter of weeks , and i don't think it was mere humour . i feel that sometimes he ... '