' http://iambrony.jsmart.web.id/mlp/gif/43840__safe_twilight-sparkle_rainbow-dash_pinkie-pie_fluttershy_rarity_applejack_spike_animated_spoiler-s03.gif?1347571250 i thought this thread could use ... brian , the nerd from the breakfast club . and twilight sparkle from my little pony : friendship is magic . daydream 2x a day ? i daydream ( including involved self-thought about random things , not necessarily dreams ) 15 times a day at least . as for the rest , i decline to answer because most of it is ... i'll take visual effects for what they are , like explosions or video game effects . but i won't take mechanical actions that don't make sense . for instance , in the movie speed , i remember shaking my ... any interest in economics is definitely great . she could hold and lead an intelligent conversation about politics or economics ; topics which i love but never get to talk about . not in-your-face ... here's a quote from futurama i think is funny : all the grieving families will be there ... plus a popsicle cart ! - prof . farnsworth in mobius dick some other futurama ... dr . john zoidberg , md ... this guy seems too rambling , backwards and manipulative to be an istp ( if that's possible ) . but if he is really causing you so much confusion , just block him out completely if you can . even if this ... i suppose i have to choose unafilliated , but i really should choose democrat . i don't particularly care what party the person identifies with . i respect republican john huntsman infinitely more ... after property damage of some sort , on tv or real life : should have got ___ insurance ! when i toss out a possible , but strange , option in some sort of decision i say ... but i wouldn't ... i am absolutely abysmal with names / faces : if i don't need to remember the name / face , i just won't . after a full year of high school , i only remember about 1/3 to 1/2 of the names of people in my ... at this point i am in a similar negative stance . i am in high school , summer break is looming , and i am working on a final english paper that is due tomorrow . what really gets me down is ... no , i have not considered it . but i am accomplishing it . at least i have 70 years of life ( or so ) to not be single . i can't find any istps in real life . perhaps i have found them , but it isn't all that obvious when somebody walks up to you whether he / she is an istp . i can recognize an enfj from a mile away , they ... yeah , i'll never understand why people talk about their personal interests and time in depth , and enjoy it , unless they are also looking for something else . i know people find value of small talk , ... i don't see why you would expect him to call you . i rarely call my close friends , let alone a girlfriend i broke up with a whole election cycle ago . in any case , what you are trying to do is ... dystopian novels like 1984 and brave new world ( my mom read me 1984 when i was in third grade , i'll never forget it ) . also hunger games , although i read it in a one night binge because 1 . i didn't ... i've got 3k in stocks ( used to be 2k a couple years ago , thanks to apple stock doubling ) . i also have another 3k in savings . i'm 16 , and i never had a real job except for weekly paper delivery ... it's been my dream since last year to be a successful day trader ( or regular investor , i guess , but day trading is more exciting ) . i'm 16 so that one year actually feels like a long time . it's the ... i'd clear my mind , think it over again , and then ( if you still can't stand her ) cut and run . but i wouldn't toy with her in revenge out of principle . 20,300 . i'm a high school sophomore . in an overarching sense , yes . at an individual sense , also yes . i'm not so much against celebration of life , it's the commercialism that bothers me . my grandparents / parents always ask what do you ... i also live near chicago italian beef is ok . btw , how are people handling the willis tower thing ? are other chicagoans still calling it the sears tower ? honestly , i grew up here and i knew ... last night i watched the movie the breakfast club , and it was truly phenomenal . for those not familiar , it is a ( fictional ) character-driven comedy about five teenagers in an eight-hour saturday ... we've been oppressed for too long ! introverts , gather together and revolt ! or just stay alone and revolt , i guess that's okay too . seriously , we are tired of the dominant fe culture , the ... 1984 , my mom read it to me when i was in third grade and i was in to politics , philosophy and related reading ever since . i have the exact opposite disorder : i don't want to be recognized publicly , so i don't post on facebook . my advice to myself is to not use facebook . problem solved . we can be religious , but not in the faith sense . a lot of religion utilizes strong , internal emotions . the facade would fall apart if the religious stopped to think the way istps often do . istps ... i don't like praise or criticism , although i always take harshly to even warranted criticism . that's something i want to improve on . as for unwarranted praise , it drives me batty . i'll take a ... you are a ( maybe ) future teacher , i am a currently student in high school . i have a couple of tips if you ever do become a teacher . don't take them too seriously . all i want to do is help . - ... that's not an istp . we aren't protective of random online women , and we don't stalk ( only eavesdrop , right ? ) . also , be careful . this guy is probably some unhealthy enfj on the loose , or maybe an ... 1 . soul mates don't really exist : it's just an idea that helps people simplify love . taking the definition of soul mate as a union that was meant to be , well , there is nothing special about ... i'm not saying the slippery slope argument is valid , but i do think it deserves recognition . there is a unique significance that must be given to human life , and death , which must be upheld . ... why ? because we need to set standards as to what a human life is , otherwise ( as a society ) chaos will ensue and we will kill anybody who does not possess what we deem as life . that is the terminal ... i have no ideas ! i always hate it that every year i struggle to think of anything . all i want is money , love and stress relief - and only one of those can be easily gifted . i am still in high ... i used to watch some of those home improvement shows and they always said let's open up this space by tearing down this wall and making it bigger ! and i was like why would you ruin a perfectly ... all lies are white lies , unless the hidden truth is harmful , in which case you should blame the truth . lies are instrumental to any sort of communication , as we summarize things in words and ... i don't think people realize what it means to be selfish . the way i see it , we are all 100 % selfish because we are all beholden to the electro-chemical reactions going on in ourselves , and it is ... say i was 10 years from retirement , or that i wanted to take some time away from work , or that i was unemployed and forced to pay an unpayable mortgage , then i would consider it . but it is just not ... loaded test , it relates more to the orientation of the head more than the eyes themselves . it's impossible to tell what somebody is thinking by just irises . but i got a 26 , it was very hard imo . 16 ! yeah , i totally failed empathy class . too bad , really . i am a cubs fan turned ( temporary ) brewers fan , and my baseball favorites never win . i stopped being a white sox fan the year they won the world series . i'd have to say i hate the ... saying love never means actual love . love is best expressed non-verbally . lol i was thinking eternal sunshine of the spotless mind then i thought somebody must have already put that and then the second comment just said it flat out ... other movies include : toy story 3 ... dad ( istj ) - kind of distant relationship , but still close considering he isn't around a lot . great role model , he is where i go for practical information relating to sports , science , technology , ... all those handwriting / cursive classes did not help me early on . i was inclined to be a perfectionist , so when i actually had to write fast i wrote horribly . they teach it all wrong . anyway , ... i'm not sure about istp males and their masculinity . i know we like big machines and fixing stuff but on the ' inside ' i think we aren't that masculine . of course , our ideas of femininity and ... - people who hoard friends but have no good / deep relationships - failure of people to think logically about problems , especially politically speaking . voters aren't much better than the politicians ... so much cyclist hate , come on ! as an avid cyclist i am ' outraged ' . of course , if i had it my way , i would run over all those pedestrians and cars that get in my way . it really depends in what ... i love learning about drugs and their effects through documentaries . i love shows like drugs inc . and border wars ( nat geo shows ) . but i am still in high school and i have never seen drugs before ... i feel that emotional wall collapsing a lot . it happens when i am most anxious , or when i am thinking depressing , strong thoughts laced with emotion . i notice a pattern : all my life i live in two ... '