' type . in a personality type forum . why am i laughing , why is this funny ? ? 598945 good way to catch the eye ! welcome to the club i'm comfortable with talking to people i trust . i have to know them first , and then i will relax and ramble on for hours . reading the title : 574922 beat up the husband . i don't know about other intjs , but i always do that to all my friends . calls you back when he received a missed call from you doesn't everyone do that ? ? sup yes 550162 ... sorry i just had to xd kesha , in general . when i discuss with my intp friend about a topic where our opinions differ , esfx types think we are fighting . it wouldn't be the first time one of them has come to the rescue and told us to calm ... it's not always about mbti . anyone can become friendly and trustworthy . maybe it's the grass looking greener at the other side of the fence ? intp seem more likeable because of the fe , while intj seem ... my cube was the tesseract from the avengers , i don't know why but i pictured a llama instead of a horse and it was chewing on the ladder . the llama was also cross-eyed . what does that mean ? don't ... just . don't pc . one word : mods https://staticdelivery.nexusmods.com/mods/110/images/28950-1-1358025576.jpg oh my god . sorry , that was a lapsus : frustrating : . edit : an artist . although they are not necessarily opposite - a scientist can also do art - but i'm talking about the way of seeing the world ... an artist . although they are not necessarily opposite - a scientist can also do art - but i'm talking about the way of seeing the world . artists view the world subjectively while a scientists ... a tardigrade . 520970 5209 78 not even joking , there are actually plush tardigrades . 520986 5209 94 this is amazing . poker-face , nod every now and then and pretend to listen all the while i organize the rest of my day , think of homework and why is there a scratch that high on the wall , noone here is nearly tall ... i do nothing . i think we are omnivore for a reason . we need to eat both vegetables and meat / fish to be completely healthy . balancing a vegan diet is quite difficult , getting all the right proteins , iron and so on ... don't think so . from the way she acts , i'd say estj . and the in the descriptions we sound like antisocial genius psycopaths who live in a basement and plan to take over the world . way over the top . : laughing : the universe implodes i love comic sans . yeeea hug me ! : kitteh : infj , because i have empathy skills . also because of gut feeling intuition . entj , because somehow people always give me the position of leadership in a group , i make plans and distribute the parts ... did you seriously just create an account to make a pun ? ? http://i.imgur.com/NFhrb.gif i prefer the direct approach . who the hell would say no to the doctor ? parthenogenesis . one word : videogames . had to struggle with about 3 months of withdrawal because of studies , and still struggling to not look at the game shop with puppy eyes every time i walk past . why is there so much weird shit when i search for รง in google images ? ? what the f ? ? ? it's just a letter ! i'd say intj for feeling rational too . sometimes i know why i know things after i realized i know them . yeah , i also watched prometheus . david's character from that film creates a lot of conflict . nobody knows if he's good or bad . he literally poisoned a member of the ship's crew as an experiment , ... i am insomniac and i also think hsp . i'm particularly fascinated with the prometheus myth ... a titan stealing fire and risking eternal punishment to bring technology and science to humankind . sort of break all the rules to share ... in my friend group i'm known as the emo or deathstare girl . just to clarify , i'm not emo , i just dress in dark clothes . also relate to antiheros in movies and books . lately i've developed an ... 478050 yep . if i start smiling or chuckling hysterically , you better run , cause the bomb's about to explode . yes . if nt = rational , sf = irrational ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J1c2KzJbcGA this is the very essence of the internet funny how there seem to be more nt females than males in the forum . i look like beethoven half the time . 454362 i'm constantly asked if i'm alright . this . by insanity you mean becoming disconnected from the world around you , like you're watching a movie , but everything feels surreal ? like , under long periods of stress , you simply feel like a floating ... nonono , you're getting this wrong . i've had conflict with all esfj i know , and therefore i avoid it . conflict is not productive , at all . i'm not saying i have a prejudice against all esfj , i ... i find esfj annoying . they stress me out with their lack of logic and proper reasoning , and literally give me a headache . i'm not sure how that's connecting . i try to stay away from esfj to avoid ... i usually wear hoodies ... all kinds of hoodies '