' : tongue : you'll never see spices at the grocery store the same again ... didn't you know ? i like to utilize mine in flavoring my dishes ; you grind it up and turn it into a seasoning . you may also want to do some research into some of the spices you see in the grocery ... excellent post . i imagine someone will ask how mental disorders tie in to this , but the philosophies intertwined within that sheet are nonetheless valid . you can pick up books from gas stations ( the ones near me have free books that display apartments ) . when you go to look for an apartment , remember to think about things such as : - company you may ... every time i read a thread that i begin to empathize with , i generally check their type : 90 % of the time they're infp . a great number of infps seem to be lost , confused , unable to ascend the walls ... i've never been called an airhead . i've been called absent-minded at times , but never an airhead . i find it hard to count how many people have told me that i'm intelligent , an intellectual ... i have yet to see any benefit to being an infp . yes , i'm being overly pessimistic , but half the time i feel trapped , and have been for years ( before i even knew of mbti ) . it is hard to connect to ... i see the perspective of different and unique worlds where a view like that dominates their vision . imagine yourself within the consciousness of an ant , who goes about each day searching for food , ... i don't mean to offend you ( i know what i say might do so ) but you're female . infp is a great personality for women . infps tend to be quiet , contemplative , introspective , and gentle . men often like ... i agree about the intps . i have noticed that a lot of them have no issue with going into the dark and morbid . their ti allows them to maintain a disconnected observer to it , thereby remaining largely ... wow . , i've been ruminating about the same issue for a long while . i've gone to meetup.com , but turned down everything i've seen . i've sat around libraries , cafes , etc , and came to the ... i understand how you feel at times . i work in an office environment , and my ne can go crazy at the rigidity , rules , regulations , and some of the attitudes of the people around me . i've managed to ... i don't believe that i need cultural or external validation . i've done fine without it and internal validation . i can't really pinpoint how i'm ticking , but i'm ticking . i've propelled myself to high ... i would be sorry that i went insane and was teleported to different universes as well . i'm afraid you would have to kick me , and my alternate personalities , out of the club . its good to know people ... liking yourself is a decision that is important on the small scale . self appreciation can help further develop your potential , true , but when it comes to the bigger picture of society , the world , the ... i find it hard to put into words exactly how much the emotional and mental peices of that film scared the living daylight ( does daylight live ? ) out of me . i think i have further become emotionally ... to me , self appreciation is borderline arrogant and selfish . if you self appreciate , you are prone to stagnation and unhealthy pride . i typed as 4w5 given the current data i have to work with . i'm curious , so what happens if an infp gains access , but then changes type ? for example : i am an infp , but i decide that sitting in the dark counting my toes , crying this little piggy goes to ... i have very few friendships . in 20 + years , i've only had perhaps five real friends . two i know now . i cherish my friendships when i have them ; sacrificing all , and graciously taking what is given ... yes , that's true . but last i saw , in an extravert-oriented world , masculinity is determined by the extraverts . yes , masculinity in a more definitive and accurate definition , has several meanings , but ... how is it a desired personality type ? i wish i wasn't an infp , and i still hope i'm not an infp and i'm just mistyping . maybe i'm an infj and i just don't know it , but my past history shows me as a ... people who are unhappy will pick no because regardless of how you wanted this to turn out , people will go against the grain in not only their daily life , but in your psychological influencing . not ... i'm a 90 ' s born child , and when i was around 5-6 my mother would play her music while working in the kitchen . i have fond memories of sitting carefree on the counter , throwing my legs around , as i ... i work in administrative business ; a very si and te oriented environment . i find it hilarious ( in a dark way ) that my two weaker functions are dominantly needed in my job . i get stressed out at work ... wow , the poll results are insane . i was expecting something something like that , but not to that extreme . kind of . i have a deep love and passion for loreena mckennitt . i listen to her when i practice yoga , or when i really need to relax . people i have shared her with never understand my attraction to ... i don't think i'm the only infp who would like to lol . i've heard from professors in the field of psychology that personality types change over time . i argue against them because i feel that ... i've tried eharmony as well ; the sites is very slanted towards women , with men having to compete for their attentions . the women tend to leave in flocks because they weren't prepared for it all . i ... i always knew you were a robot ! it made so much sense . i could detect the fumes of gasoline through the smello-exfribilator in-built into my computer . the eevees are also connected , because they are ... i hope you can find other valuable experiences here besides matchmaking . there are websites out there , like typetango and projectevolove . but these sites generally fail because mbti isn't well known ... i go to most everything alone if i don't go with friends , that is assuming i get out of my homely cave . i've gone to movies alone , restaurants alone , a bar or two alone ( bars aren't my environment ) , ... i find that i stay in my head too long at times , and i can be quite messy in my surroundings . maybe its time to develop that si ! i've written some short stories before . the problem is that i don't have the initiative to stick with a story and make it a novel . i get distracted by a lot of things . the stories i write also tend ... ^ this . it was constantly complained about that i would daydream in class , up until i was in around 5th grade . i know a female infp with eyes like that . hey , you ! yes , you ! come here ! stand still laddie ! if you ever get too antsy about what your personality type is , rememeber that your type doesn't make you who you are . you make you who you are . i also put forward the thought that while in your ... i hate this ! i will never get rid of my stuffed animals . i remember all the personalities and fantasy scenarios i used to play with my stuffed animals . frigging fi ! darn you ! : angry : i'm only on facebook because i read the status of recent scientific discoveries , and keep an eye on the things the people on my small list of friends do . i very rarely post anything ( in 3 years i've ... i would date an enfp . i've met some at work , and we share some similar views . i'm not sure how good i would be at maintaining their attention though ; i can be pretty boring , i tend to be very ... it depends on factors of time and amount of alcohol . sometimes i can open up quite well and extravert . at other times i can be sombre , introspective , and shut myself off from the rest of the world . ... that's hilarious ! oh great yoda , teach me the powers of the force so that i may grow to yank the wits of individuals around me . i can empathize with you here . some days i myself feel the utter weight of hopelessness descending upon me . on better days i can achieve many things . i'm not sure if you've taken consideration of it , ... i have reason to believe that i'm a 4w5 . that may be subject to change with further investigation and analysis , as always , but its good enough at discussing my motivations for now . it sounds like a joke i would use on people to mess with their minds . silly mind-games like that amuse me a bit , because they're so random and completely unexpected , that the reactions of people and ... you strike me as sombre in your picture . why is that ? what keeps you going through life ? what do you believe in ? you are really not alone in your depression and perspective on life . you would be surprised to note the number of people , like infps , who share the same perspective and go through similar things ... the tree sang i shall join the ashes of yggdrassil and entertain thy earthly spirit of rich soil ! so shall the fallen leaves bloom , the heavens thunder , and the resilient weeds sway through the ... a very interesting question . i remember when i finished high school and began college . i wasn't sure what i wanted to do , and wasn't sure that i could sit there and let the world go on beyond the ... '