' that confirms even more that you really have no idea what the fuck you're doing . go learn your shit about enneagram and re-evaluate that once you're finished . the enneagram is much more relevant to your question though . i'm not switching systems , i'm taking into ... trump is more angry because he's a gut-first and type 8 . anger is central in how gut types work , and being an 8 , he's more reactive and likely to jump at chances . cruz is type 2 . he works on ... thing is , the functions literally are separated by opposite axes . internal vs . external . objective vs . subjective . if you look for the definitions in ways like te is always practical or fi is ... i already did , but you're too stupid to understand it . ok :D you really have no idea what you're talking about , but at least that was hilarious . have you considered trying to do this yourself ? :D cause it's pretty much impossible , since the functions are a natural way we process information . you're doing exactly the same thing - you're ... it's not semantics . it's totally different premise . and it's how ti really works . and this isn't semantics either , it's how ti-fe works . sure it might seem like it could be bent a little , ... have you considered how you'll be sure of accuracy ? cause there's a lot of inaccurate definitions of functions out there ; those who study them make initial assessments of what they're like , share ... your function definitions are really wonky . ti likes hierarchy ? no , it's exactly the opposite . hierarchy is a good example of how te relies on external structure . ti defies external structure unless ... you don't really know how te works if you say that society is structured around ti / fe though :/ schedules , bureaucracy , rules , laws , numeric grading , etc . - those are all almost purely te things ... your assessments are so shit that either you're trolling or you're seriously high on something . have you even paid attention to how much he criticizes european countries because of their lax immigration policies ? it's a huuuge part of his presidential campaign . and those judgments are nowhere ... his patriotism is more like ti-type narcissism in that other countries are shit because they don't match his mindset . he's a well known advocate of freedom and a critic of european style of ... gavin seems like a entp 8w7 sp / sx , with 864 tritype . doesn't care if he's a prick , very reactive , and some sp 4 tenacity . this woman is some kind of entj sp 8 , with 863 tritype : ... this guy is freaking hilarious :D https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jLtGHCWvtP0 8w7s i know have similar troubles with the 7 - wing . most of them are absolute workaholics , and have trouble with letting themselves go and simply ... having fun , to put it roughly . this matches my own observations pretty much . 9w8s seem to struggle with asserting their presence , whereas it's pretty natural to 8s . they get there eventually though . curious if other people have bumped into or experienced something similar . basically , does the wing manifest itself as inner struggle with one of the wing's core themes ? for example : 3w2 - ... yes , you need to come onto him like a wrecking ball . don't be afraid to be rough either . we have the technology to rebuild him if needed . i did wonder about gillian's low energy , but looking at videos of other 7w6 sx / so's , it doesn't seem that far off from average . kissinger's head-fix seems to be 5 , which explains his hunger for ... gillian seems like a well integrated 7 with some mild depression issues . not withdrawn enough to be a core 5 . don't know where you got the idea of her being an intj though . kissinger has no ... ... with some guest appearances from enfps to fill in the gaps . stackemup enneagram has videos of each enneagram types , and while there's definitely some mistakes , there's enough similar ... it's simple . we kill the cedar tree . #maketheentpforumgreatagain that inferior ni though . he doesn't even believe in climate change :( shaken , not stirred . you know perc is in a slump when even the fucking drama sucks . unfortunately i'm not that much of creep to have saved those :( you missed some damn fine cleavage . her majesty didn't hide her audacity . depends on what you need . need something done in a highly structured , no non-sense and fast way ? get an entj . something highly complex , very technical and long term ? get an intj . detailed , ... us that got its shit together like the nordic countries would be a really scary superpower to be honest . want to make america great again ? vote sanders . with free education alone , your countryside ... some assumptions : 1 ) the backside of the map is blank . 2 ) the room is empty except for the map . if you turn the map around , its blank side represents any empty space ( but it's still the same ... http://40.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_l13coeFc0C1qak0qdo1_500.png you could just turn the map around and fold it into a square so it's a map of the room , and then just stick it into a corner . if you stand on washington , you'll be standing on washington in washington . too in control of his body movement to be anything else than a gut first . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TnyUIB1_Gz4 hefner : esfp 8w9 2w3 7w6 so / sx osbourne : esfp 2w3 8w7 7w8 so / sx hugh hefner . maybe sharon osbourne as well . me - infj 8w9 sp / so dad - entj 8w9 sp / so mother - infj 6w5 so / sx brother - istp 8w9 sp / so dad's dad - estj 8w9 sp / so . brother's son - seems like an estp 8w9 sp / so . the seed is stronk . why are you hesitant to get rid of him ? pinaattitonttu now you need to start recording a video chronicle of you learning to play the damn thing . : tongue : stackemup enneagram has videos listed of each type / wing / instinct . i used to browse through it when bored , and soon enough started noticing some patterns / characteristics each type has . now i use some ... he seemed like a gut type first to me , and not a reactive core . 1w9 4w5 6w7 sx / so . enfp his buddy fidel - 8w7 7w6 4w3 so / sp . enfp as well . knowing the nitpickiness of finnish legal system , both ways would probably get one sued for attempting to bribe a state official . banned for being too dull . you haven't realized how the instinct stacking affects the order of the fixes . for sp / so , sp / sx and so / sp the order is : gut - head - heart head - gut - heart heart - head - gut for so / sx , ... hitler : 1w9 7w6 4w5 so / sp john lennon : 9w8 6w5 4w5 sp / sx steve jobs : 1w9 4w5 7w6 sx / so katherine hepburn : incoming peasant uprising , not enough cleavage . your avatar still has clothes on :( '