' agree with the others ; even if it's just for an hour , take a nap . sounds like a fun job until you get sniped . if i ever kill myself , it will likely be in a fit of rage . yeah , i took basic programming and logic last year which covered python . it's a pretty fun language to learn , but not that powerful . c # is the exact opposite imo ... but it was c # or java , and i ... if you're good at it , i've been told that system architects make damn good money . i'm taking classes now , c # programming being the most important , and i'd say i have mixed feelings about it . the major downfall imo is learning the syntax , because things that seem like they should ... ' tis a loaded question my good sir . wait , what ? . option 1 : food drink sports sleep sex option 2 : cia world factbook . nice , nice . just out of curiosity , how are you keeping busy ? 3 weeks later , how's it doing ? http://weknowmemes.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/bear-grylls-better-drink-my-own-piss-template.jpg if someone fucks with my money then all hell will break loose . that being said , as long as people aren't whoring off me , then i don't mind / maybe even like being generous . considering it's 22 miles , i might get bored at some point ... but hell yes . i love the night . not only is it calm and peaceful , nobody can see you coming . makes me feel like ... a peaceful badass ^ _ ^ if people were smart enough to realize there's a human being under that veil of introversion , then it would be possible . live well . it is the greatest revenge . i think your son is the reincarnation of confucius . only two things are infinite , the universe and human stupidity , and i'm not sure about the former . - einstein like a boss . i have more money than ever because of creeping inflation . meh . i drift off quite a bit , though to be fair , the # 1 time is during some boring-ass lecture . if you're not in something that interests you , you're bound to drift off . this is true for anyone , but it ... i don't usually say anything argumentative irl unless someone says something that pisses me off , or is incredibly stupid , and yes , one can sometimes cause the other . @ op , depending on the situation , t or f could be be beneficial , so i doubt f's would disappear any time soon for evolutionary reasons . lots of f's can appear dumb , or in some cases outright ... i stopped watching after it said turn your speakers on . o_o my mother . i haven't the damndest clue what her type is , but whatever it is , i hate it . hmm , i always thought the law of the land was , eight you can skate , nine you're mine . maybe i'm mistaken . porn . problem solved . i met what seems to be an entj last semester . he was a cool guy . we got along well and had interesting conversations , both of which are pretty rare for someone i would have just met . edit : come to ... http://notes.tomhenrich.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/slow-clap.gif good luck on your way . in order for me to want to be around somebody , they have to be sincere , at least somewhat chill , and not a douche . that is the requisite for friendship . after several years of legitimate trust and ... forrest gump gets me every damn time . my brother's a lefty , though i know he is moderately proficient with his right hand too . pretty sure he's an intp though . on the other hand , i'm right-handed . would learn to do things with my ... i never had an argument . you said this yourself . i'm simply asking for evidence to back up your claims . study logic . this'll get you started : philosophic burden of proof - wikipedia , the free ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_GT1ra7l_o yes , you've repeated yourself several times , i'm quite aware . if you understood the very basics of argumentative logic , you would understand that to have a logically sound argument you would need to ... i am 12 years old , and what is this ? today is my dad's birthday . there is an ice cream cake sitting on the counter right now . / thread half of the discussion in this thread is silly . girls don't poop . i think some good would come of it . maybe people could mind their own damn business and treat each other with a lot more respect if their honor / life was on the line .  ... that being said , i agree ... the stronger swordsman does not necessarily win . that's all i have to say other than that i concur with the other people that scythe fighting would be brutally awesome . not a logical argument ? provide some evidence for your claims . never tell me the odds ! i'm calling shenanigans . besides , nobody's talking about a drop-of-the-hat change in type . it seems like a gradual thing based on what they're saying , and what i've personally experienced . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WgAaRf1W3AI nah , just kidding . http://www.myfacewhen.net/uploads/282-mother-of-god.jpg but anyway , since there's tons of people visiting feeling sorry for you , use that to your advantage . get money from them . i want a son exactly like me , so that way i can know what he's going through at what age , and can therefore efficiently troll the shit out of him . maybe that's just me though . i'm almost frightened about how spot-on accurate that is ... good job . eh , i can't say that i share that sentiment . i'm more than willing to rise to the occasion , but otherwise no drama is better . the people doing it don't seem to be bothered by their own utter stupidity , so they won't take the hint ... '