' p . s . notsocold 95 i lean towards special for sure :) notsocold 95 my mom is deaf in one ear and i have a niece who was born deaf and had cochlear implants also . my niece is in high school and this past week i attended a competition where she had to ... ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6o5dEUmusQ haven't been on in a long time . here's hello benevolentbitterbleeding :) i am in the process of going through all my things and paring down . i found a few things helpful : 1 ) reading about the konmari method in the book the life-changing magic of tidying up . i don't ... i have come to value solo travel ( though i still travel with others too at times ) . if you live in north america you can register with the government and let them know where you are going in case ... phew ! thanks insolitude . my fingers are flying over the keys ... so helpful ! insolitude many thanks . it is an employer that has many companies under it's umbrella and i do not know yet , which are in need of my services . i still think i can employ what you ... i am looking for advice from other writers . i am compiling a portfolio this weekend with copy to apply for a writing project . they have not specified what kind of samples they would like ... olafel i worked in various aspects of marketing for many years . i agree with other posts that it is best to perform marketing duties for a company that aligns with your core values . i ... what a gorgeous moment thaliana . it was a gift you gave , asking your grandmother and giving her the ability to remember and feel . and , it was a gift she gave you as well . you described it in such ... sweetraglansweater i read your post the other day and it did not impress upon me in the headspace i was occupying at the time . today , it is revelatory . especially this portion : + we resent ... i think you do not have children as they haven't been mentioned . is this correct ? do you think your husband ever made the religion you belong to his own , or was he raised in it and just sort of ... love is when ... you can fart around or sit in comfortable silence with someone . may not sound overtly romantic but it truly is :) i don't think you are an idiot at all aessidhe ! i share a lot of your ideology re : self completion and bringing a whole individual to the table . my earlier comment was only meant to reflect my view ... meh how did you come to these conclusions politicalllyincorrect ? is the idea , these are the sins that are most at the forefront when one is in an unhealthy loop ? yes ! glad it's not just me ... sad it's not just me ... double postin ' all up in here . what is a girl to do ? ! ? apologies . double post . aessidhe , i am sorry for your hurt in being blocked . that is always a disconcerting way for things to end . especially when the two of you had an intimate connection in the past . it sounds like ... in many areas of life i find types helpful in ascertaining relationship insight . with regards to treating partners as equals though : i think it is highly individual . a worthy topic for ... i can't say that i know exactly what you are experiencing . i only know what my experience with this has been and thus , i am so very sorry you are going through it doran seth . my heart hurts for ... you are most welcome kyusaku ! i very much appreciate the enlightening thoughts you provide me with , as well . i think i may perhaps be guilty of the above . it was uncomfortable to recognize myself ... a bit off topic as not relating to online ... but i have noticed a similar phenomenon in ' real life ' . i view most of my male inf friends as handsome , strapping lads . in deep conversation though , they ... nfj's and nfp's are remarkable for protecting / standing up for the vulnerable , oppressed , underdogs ... if i had to call a tie-breaker i would give it to the nfj's because the nfp's are less ... thank you for the response kyusaku . i appreciate it especially in view of the failed mention :) i feel we are very much of like mind in this regard . i marked in ' bold ' a thought of yours that i ... looks and social acuity aside , there seems to be a lid for every box if one searches long enough . look at the mothers toting around children next time you are at the mall , park etcetera and it ... ... when you want the other person to be happy more than you want to be right .  ... when you won't talk badly of them to other people and can't stop singing their praises .  ... when you place ... which would you rather if you could only choose one : 1 ) live a life of peaceful contentment full of rich and meaningful connections , being remembered lovingly by family and friends ? 2 ) live a ... these are stellar ! thank you ever so much ! i love how in the introvert one the artwork in the gallery is echoed in the twister game and then again on the artwork in the home in the last frame ;) nicholas sparks ? ! ! ! we are infps and they dare suggest we read mundane drivel like nicholas sparks ! my god , pick one of the bronte sisters , at least , or a poet like john keats . any of the romantics ... great advice old intern love this jetstream aya haha ! koalaroo i only mildly hate you for putting this in my head for the next week :P shaking with laughter at this display of cattitude pinaattitonttu :D mmmm yeah , so if anyone wants to draw a cartoon about a girl who makes her pics so small that everyone needs a magnifying glass to see them i have a slight idea who the heroine could be ... ( blush ) ... this is one of my favourite cartoons about a spider . it makes me laugh . got any that make you lol ? poorly drawn lines x96 how i killed the spider 299858 i apologize for my ineptitude tuesdayschild ! i think i have changed the setting . if you experience further difficulty , please let me know as i want to correct my mistake :) i know they seem only one letter apart , but there is a world of difference . i am infp and my sibling is isfp . in some ways we are like twins and in other ways our brains process the world ... i could relate to what you wrote here grey and believe me that if you find it frustrating as an outside observer , it is far more irritating to be living the paradox . however , it is helpful to ... http://youtu.be/J4VzHeO9V2M the cat i help friends care for . he is like an olympic athlete . we have so much fun playing ! hi cymmm i responded to the private message but you have to clear some space from your quota ;) for it to be sent thru : kitteh : would you feel comfortable telling him he is easy to talk to and following that up with would you like to continue our conversation over coffee ___day night ? cymmm he may not be allowed to ask ... do you work somewhere like a restaurant where it can affect your professional reputation ? i would not necessarily make it a confrontation but i would handle it . people who ' bully ' others do so ... posted by scientiaomnisest it probably says something that my first thought upon reading this was what abstract ideas ? i don't have any thoughts or ideas that deserve a thread . maybe a comment , but ... i love all your cats . thank you for sharing . 298994 i chose this pic because we are shy . i may get braver about exposing my family as time goes on :) also , i am so proud of my cat for ... i am on board with both options samthemediocre the only reason the first letter experience wasn't positive was because the girl either did not return your affections or was overwhelmed by the ... i so relate to everything you are saying inver . i hope i didn't make it sound like i still don't have to fight withdrawing . it is a never ending battle :) but , it does get better and i honestly ... sorry about that , i get what you are looking for now . go to craigslist for where you live to the community section and look under activities to find free things that fall under your interests ... lunagattina thank you from a deep place in my heart for sharing your personal experience . i am very sorry you had to go through such a thing . your perspective helped me so much . i have been ... the thing i enjoyed about your post the most is how self-aware it is . you know what the situation is . i think you are just seeking confirmation from outside sources . the best types of friendship ... have you ever tried sensory deprivation pods ? float tanks like this are becoming more popular in urban areas so your city may have some available : tranquilitytanks completely agree with strayveon . what does every person say they are looking for in a partner ? i want to find someone who is my best friend so , why not start off with a friendship ? i used to ... like dr . phil always says ( are you still here ;) the best predictor of future behaviour is past behaviour . it worked before and she likes you playing for her . it sounds like she is ' into you ' . ... '