' if your boyfriend / girlfriend / spouse gets sick , or has some chronic illness , how do you react ? do you feel concern or want to help ? offer to do things for them ? or are you inclined to wait til they ... thanks so much , guys . i certainly don't plan to be accusatory . actually , i now plan to text her back something like wow , your hair looks amazing ; it will be stunning on your wedding day ! hey ... so ... somebody , please help me with a very awkward situation . i could use some infj insights here . the short version : i have been friends with a woman for the last 4 years ; we hang out regularly as ... well that makes me cringe ! ! seems to ring true with other intj's i have known , though . ouch . i appreciate everybody's answers . to answer the comments that i seem overly interested in intj men : i am genuinely interested in learning how intj men act as a baseline , because they're supposed to ... really helpful insights , paradox 07 and figure . i'm literally going to copy / paste your posts to my notepad so i don't lose them , if i ever forget this stuff . ;) thanks so much ! something i've noticed from reading about intjs is that they seem very forthright . they don't like to flirt because its too ambiguous / uncomfortable ... they would rather be direct and not waste time ... thank is very enlightening ... thanks for all the feedback . this sounds like a kinda fine line . for instance , an intj i know told me he desires to feel like a man in his relationships . in other words , not emasculated . he's a very masculine guy ( whew , that's ... so how might one express this appreciation though ? by being silent , or simply not criticizing ... ? because once appreciation is made known , how is that different from expressing support ? as the title says ... do intjs ( men , specifically ) desire a supportive partner ? somebody who will listen to them , be with them in their corner when the world is weighing heavy on them , etc ? do intj ... i am trying to hone my ability to spot an intj man . how about bj miller in this video ? share your thoughts ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBGtLZHKgZI thank you ( both ! ) for taking time to reply ... rexmaximus , yeah the way you described how you are when you're uncomfortable was def him . whitejester , we have talked before and he never did any of ... i have skyped a couple of times with a guy i met on a dating site , and we really seemed to hit it off on day 1 . however , last time we skyped i noticed him touching his face / neck a lot , and quite ... i am devastated . one of my very best friends is getting married , i'm helping plan the wedding , but she did not ask me to be a bridesmaid . ( ? ! ? ! ? ! ) ( sorry , my title of this post was incorrect . i am ... i'm dating a man , late 20 ' s , very good looking , but has generally low self-esteem . he has difficulty making small talk and is rather awkward when he's nervous . ( some of you may recognize this man ... thank you for such a thoughtful reply . i do try to build him up and reassure him i am happy spending time together , etc ... that being said , it's hard to rubber stamp his every statement , because ... he had a gravely serious setback some years ago , and it impacted his ability to move on with life . it took him a long time , perhaps longer than some people , but i am still uncertain of all the ... hello everyone , i want to know what is the best / kindest / most effective way i can help an isfj man overcome his insecurities . we are both in late 20 ' s . he seems to think the best of everyone ... i am a female infj dating a male isfj , and trying to understand our similarities / differences . as somebody who is highly intuitive , i'm somebody who is always analyzing people , situations , and ... i am an infj , and have known a few infj men in my life . while they are the most admirable people i have ever met , they are all , to one degree or another , uptight . if you show them where their ... i would appreciate some input , especially from infj guys . :) 1 ) under what circumstances would you ever tell a girl thinking of you ? would you say this to a casual friend , or would you only ... awww , this was totally the kind of response i was looking for . i knew there had to be some good reasons . this just made me feel much better . you sound like a good guy with a good heart , just ... i appreciate anyone who replies to my question . i am not sure why anyone would assume i haven't asked him , just because i post about it here ? i have indeed asked him , this morning by email , and ... some of you may have read my recent post about my new relationship with an infj man . we are both in late 20 ' s , and both are infj . i was shocked when he told me recently that he had never been on a ... this really made me smile ... thanks for the great advice , plstryagain , and everyone else who responded ! to the poster who seems to think i'm a stuck-up priss who wants a fairytale man , that is not ... i am in a new relationship ( 2 weeks ) with an infj man , who i've known for two months . i am also an infj . we are both in late 20 ' s . even though we have some really important things in common , and ... for the longest time i was the suffering wallflower , especially at very bustling parties . but i have since become a lot more at ease with myself , and can really enjoy myself ... only if i know at ... start realizing the value of your own advice . don't be shy , and don't suppress the urge to contribute something that * is * ( because it is is ) truly useful . i am wondering how many other infjs are at home on a friday night because it's too tiring to hang out with people who leave you mentally and emotionally drained . prefer staying in this weekend , ... 52028i5202752026 i am pretty new to having discussions with other infjs , especially online . it's really cool to me how i can feel how you all are so infj ... almost like seeing aspects of ... ethylester and raichan : thank you for your insights . i just wanted to post an update ... i took various bits of advice from different responses i got here , and decided to text him ( was a hard pride ... raichan - - we dated long distance for two years ( he was in the military ) . he's back now and lives 5 hours away from me ; we have seen each other in person just three times , but have talked every day ... i need a little insight ; am going crazy inside my head right now . so this infp guy i've known / dated for about two years ( not officially bf ) is ignoring my texts for 1.5 days now . i just don't know ... thank you for the reply , theodore . as for this guy ( let's call him tim ) he has told me numerous times that he knows what he wants to say but doesn't know how to say it . i hate to say it , but ... so i started dating an infp several months ago ... at least , i am 99.99 % positive he is infp , based on my past friendships / relationships with other infps . he is not extremely introverted , he even ... the title basically says it : i know infps are typically slow to reveal their true selves . so what does it take for you to relax , let her in , and develop a deep mental / emotional connection ? i am writing a paper , and have a couple of question for the infp guys , please ! 1 ) your girlfriend breaks up with you . how soon are you able to begin looking around for somebody new ? how long does ... basementbugs , i'm so sorry ... i have always been somewhat aware , in my infp relationships , that you are a gentler , more sensitive kind of people . very lovely , actually , but not enough people know how ... do they ever work out in the end ? i have dated a couple of infps , both incredibly sweet lovers ... which always fulfilled my nurturing , loving side ... but they were both very laid-back about day to ... can anybody relate some insight into the mind of an infp child growing up in a broken family ? how does an infp man view women , as an adult , if he was raised by a neglectful / promiscuous mother ? also ... i am an infj lady who was recently seeing an infp man . i will make this short as possible . let's call the guy tim . he is a * wonderful * person , but i decided we didn't have enough in common - ... '