' i know many intps are easy going , and they can forgive , what other types can't easily . but i know some intps that can hold a grudge , if you say something that insults their intelligence . so intps , ... lunai , it's ok . don't worry , about that by the way , annabee , i really like your signature : the clip , and phrase i've tried to communicate with her , but i think she feels a little bit reserved with her emotions . also communication isn't the easiest between us , because she's a new immigrant . sometimes , some ... around this time of year , people are having these summer celebrations . i'm part of this huge activity group , and the head people , are organizing this dinner later this month . so the rest of us can ... i wish you the best ! i hope you don't mind me asking , but did you ever date an esfj or infj ? i was wondering since the esfj is one of the most common types and the infj is the most rare yes , my enfp friend sometimes seems obsessed with my intp friend . i just wanted to take the time to say , there is a lot of wisdom in this post yeah , i've heard that too ! and i've seen it first hand with some friends , the enfp is crazy about the intp . maybe it has something to do with the enfp's functions : they both have ne , enfp has te , ... yes . i can't thank this post enough . i can see the crowds now . it's like that scene in love actually when those guys go to wisconsin i think that once infjs , and intp warm up to each other , this friendship can be very rewarding for both people . they usually have good conversations , and they have a similar sense of humor . infjs , ... thanks . the duality makes perfect sense . many of the girls that are so aggressive with intp 2 , i suspect they are esfjs . one of the more aggressive ones is an esfj , actually . and in the cases of them ... the autumn house slumps in the sun it's rustic arcs , whittled , and brown cobwebs creep through its gnarled throat reminding it of its elderly summer years and as the rain thrusts through the ... hi everyone . i was considering the hypothetical : if you could do have any career , existing or non existing , what would it be ? right now , there are many careers that i'd aspire to be in , but i think i ... yeeeah , go intps ! i know two male intps , and i've noticed something interesting with both of them : women seem to absolutely love them , and can be more assertive in their affection towards these ... yeah , true ! i have an intp friend , and his enfp friend hits him , and grabs him a lot , and these actions don't seem to aggravate him very much . also , what do you think a friendship between an intp , and infj would usually be like ? in my experience , the relationship starts slowly , but once the two are friends , they are very comfortable with ... i'll keep an eye out for them tangosthenes : wink : what about ambiverts ? an e / intp we're attractive because of our complexity : we can be intelligent , easy going , reserved , and dependable , an inspiring , and remarkable companion , with warm , and kind hearts . infjs are amazing what do intps seek in a partner ? what are they attracted to ? ( i know that all people are different , but people of a specific personality type might have similar preferences in partners ) . i've heard ... i think the traits of a mature infj resonate more with the ' protector ' traits . which include , kindness , patience towards others , accepting of others , and being humble . mature infjs are ... i'm a pisces infj , but to be honest , i don't think my sign completely suits me . i'm not as sensitive as i used to be , and i don't let people walk over me , and i don't avoid conflcit , since pisces are ... i like your letter i've gotten more interested in the personality types for the past few months . as i've read about them , i've started to type people i know . however , i think my research into these types isn't thorough ... what do intps seek in a partner ? what are they attracted to ? ( i know that all people are different , but people of a specific personality type might have similar preferences in partners ) . i've heard ... these are pretty interesting responses . yeah , i think that people are born with their personality type , but depending on their lifestyle , or early life , some of the qualities native to their type , ... i know that this isn't relevant , but i would just like to take a minute to say how much i like you infps . i know a few in real life , and you have such caring qualities towards people that i really ... thank you . and , i guess to me after some time means between two to three days . i don't know if it's because i'm emotionally drained , or what . ok , i'd like to come clean about something i have this weird pendulum thing going on between acting like an extrovert , and appreciating my introverted self : there are days where i feel very happy , ... there are many reasons : primarily , as a thinker , it's possible you are intrigued by their mysterious demeanor , and their imagination , generating ideas . infjs are usually intelligent , ( and humble ... i think i've become better at being able to tell when people try to manipulate me into doing something . usually when they do it , my response to their manipulation will be as diplomatic as possible ... hi fellow infjs , and readers of other personalities ... especially readers of other personalities ! welcome ! anyway , in this post , i will share a brief story , and ask the question : how much can your ... she definitley seems like an infj infj and intp , i wouldn't strictly categorize myself with either masculine , or feminine qualities : but i like being a dynamic person that can relate to both men and women . i wasn't raised to live up to a ... i don't know if this applies to all infjs , some of the following on the list are what i do ( i'll still use the requested format ) . so possibly ... they will try to make you laugh they will be ... june 2013 membership stats for personalitycafe : infp 3723 x97 21 % infj 2580 x97 15 % intp 2228 x97 13 % intj 1876 x97 11 % enfp 1352 x97 8 % entp 1112 x97 6 % enfj 514 x97 3 % istp 527 x97 3 % as infjs , i was wondering where you liked to spend a day , whether its a mall , park , or sleeping at home . what would you consider a good way to spend time ? hi . i have created this post in hopes of it becoming a colossal list : the task is to state your username , personality , and a short sentence on your view of life . so go ahead , and copy the previous ... here is a hypothetical question : the world has started again , and after an atrocious apolcalypse : there are 985 people left on the planet , and they are on a fleet of ships . they dock in austrailia : ... hi . i have previously read about how infjs can be borderline psychic . their powerful intuition gets ' feelings ' about people , or situations . does anyone agree that infjs have a strong intuition , and ... i would want to write 10 good books in 10 years rather than 1 good book in one year you know you're an infj when what you plan to say in your mind sounds eloquent , but once it comes out of your mouth , it might be hard to explain thank you to all those that responded to my post . socionics sounds interesting . hi . as you can see , i am an infj , and i am loving every minute of it ! i hope to become a more active member of these forums , as i like to engage in conversations , and listen to others . it's ... hi . i was wondering if the age old theory opposites attract rang true , in the case of personality compatibility . it always made sense to me that those close in personality would be a better match , ... although i like extroverted types , sometimes they seem emotionally draining : constantly wanting to be complimented , socializing , entertained . no offense extroverts ! you have other great qualities ! ... '