angelfisf paradigm i can relate ! healers just seem very appealing to play , it feels like a whole different game of playing . was just wondering what classes people like to play , probably ... immolate hmm i was recently typed as more 6 than 9 ( cause of my super ego ) so this is confusing for me now . i believe 9 would be my second type in my tritype possibly . i chose the rose cause ... https://i.imgur.com/HeaCDq2.png i have some ideas . rick appears to be type 5 . morty i believe is a 6 ( 6w5 ? ) with his skeptical self and how he is ruled by his super ego . i dont realky see him as a type 1 as he is very ... thanks ! yes , i should've trusted myself a bit more . i chose type 9 mostly cause of how it was what i was typed before and was getting the two mixed up . i just needed further justification of which ... title . currently wondering between whether a guardian or a ranger with a pet you can trust would be a better fit . signorina misteriosa thank you . its just i dont feel like fitting into the mold of a type 6 . type 6 are often seen as these people who are motivated by security and stability i dont really think ... to be honest i have always been so indecisive and so skeptic about who / what i want or am . so i relate to both these types extremely well . types 9 passiveness but i also really relate to how a 6 ... would really love help . currently wondering what is my enneagram and currently stuck between 6 and 9 , but i am open to other typings .   ... daybreak let me get this out of the way first : i have never claimed istj are incapable of doing abstract art so i believe you are getting your emotions get the better of you . alright . let this ... i have commonly seen her typed as an istj but i never understood that . its more obvious that its due to how she always took things logically which is why she thought pearls were inferior cause that ... the issue lies in how he absolutely does not use fi . i have been reading the manga after the anime i can tell you that he really relies on other people . he shows this sense of how he really does not ... has anybody watched mob psycho 100 ? arakkun i trust your typings alot haha currently at the third ep and liking it so far . currently thinking the protagonist ( mob ) is a ixtp . bottling up his ... sve i don't think we can ever type bard . we literally don't know anything about him except how he goes around preventing the annihilation of something . for enneagram because we don't why he does ... zenyatta from overwatch i am pretty sure he is a type 9 but not sure about his wings . i definitely lean towards w1 more than w8 though . probably ' so ' instict but i honestly am not sure . i know i am very late for this show but just finished watching death parade and absolutely loved it ! u200bdeath parade ... just want my old name back :) ' xzcouter ' sorry for this late response got caught up with some real life stuff . anyways would just love to first thank you for the detailed response it convinced me :) anyways regarding the bolded line i ... would love to hear why you think bismuth is an estp . won't estj fit a bit better ? te to reflect her objectivity and how determined she is with ' breaking point ' ? love this show as i grew up with it ! finn - esfp jake - unsure stuck between entp and estp bmo - enfp princess bubblegum - entj . objective and cold . she does things for her kingdom and has a ... this is going to be a somewhat short post but would love some feedback . i have been typed as an intp quite often . link to my old ' type me ' thread : ... i am pretty confident in peridot being an intp she has a need to connect with people and yet can't . socially awkward but lovable . logic and relies way too much on gadgets and gizmos as she thinks ... hmm alright fair enough on shouta . recovery girl def screams fe . lets just leave momo for now . i don't really wanna come down to any wrong conclusion , but i do see your point . i never implied ... hmm i could see all might being infj . will look into it . for shouta i am not about shouta being ixtp as he is known for expelling students if they don't perform well enough on the first day ... yeah been thinking istp for karma too . will write up a post soon :D oh btw did you watch boku no hero academia ? so far i really love the large cast but we got limited information on most of the ... arakkun hey ! remember me ? :D haven't done mbti in quite a while and coming back cause i am bored xd . might retype some of the ansatsu kyoushitsu ( assasination classroom ) characters but need some ... haha i am actually an atheist . used to follow a religion but found way too many inconsistencies , don't get me wrong though i respect your belief :) no i don't actually write just alot of math xd , ... aha alright . if pi another number that is not equal to ours then thats completely fine ! if 1 + 1 does equal 4 concept wise in another universe that is still completely fine ! as we just have to adapt ... i understand what you mean but pi isn't defined as 3.14 ... that is the numerical value of pi . pi is defined as the ratio of the circumference and the diameter of a circle whose diameter is equal to 1 ... haha . i love philosophy but really prefer math over it . godel's incomplete theorem is actually a philosophical math theorem that uses the universal sets and some well defined rules of maths to ... nope not at all actually . its because of how logical it is . the better question is how can it be wrong . sure it may be a construct of the human race but like any other science it goes through alot ... sorry for the late response . hmm inxx . care to elaborate the difference between intp and infj ? i used to get xntp before but the thing is i am somewhat attuned to my feeling side too . like i care ... hello , my name is mark . haven't done this mbti business in a long time and wanted to know my mbti type once more . just to reconfirm and all that good jazz . so you know the drill . i would be ... i see . do you think i am an intp ? what exactly did i say to make you think i am istj won't it be kind of illogical for me to be at crossroads od istj and intp due to te-fi vs ti-fe ? so if you ... care to elaborate ? cause i used to be typed as a xntp before and am just curious . hello , my name is mark . haven't done this mbti business in a long time and wanted to know my mbti type once more . just to reconfirm and all that good jazz . so you know the drill . i would be ... just would like to comment that this completely negates the meaning of ti . if we consider ti being subjective logic . then no they do not think in black and whites . te thinks in black and whites as te ... yeah ... creating an idea with a almost always having a purpose in mind ... not me . i just create ideas for either for the hell of it , for the experience / i just want to do it or maybe something that i ... sorry for this late response . finding myself way too busy and all that :/ anyways . i see ... ok this is probably the last thing : i find that i am a kind of person who loves to work on ideas ... fried eggz oh i see . yeah probably so . yeah . victim sounds familiar , but honestly i don't find myself trusting this all too much . if you ask me why , well its because i think its ... fried eggz so ... good thing , bad thing , are you now skeptic i am ti dom / aux ? okay this is kind of an embarassing one . i chatted with a couple of friends of mine on the topic of if i ... sorry i know this thread should be over but i don't think it would be a good idea to make another thread . i again aplogize for replying but i just need a doubt to be clarified . over the past month ... you are both right and wrong at the same time . read my original post again , the one that started the thread . feelings is values sure but its not only that ! its this gut feeling sensation ! and yes ... i know this from somewhere but don't remember where . anyways no that is false because this is a more or less philosophical question . the two are the same but different . for the first one it ... was just thinking about identity and all that fun stuff and thought about this . so which animal do you think you would most likely be or you would most relate with ? i definitely find myself as ... but math is art ! and math cab be used to make art ! check my signature for my deviantart acc and check out my fraactal art ! those pieces of art are mathematical figures ! why do i like math you may ... thanks for the beautiful response xd . oh frick frack fro ! xd what was i thinking xd . sorry it was late at night and have no idea what was going in my head . yes i do know that ti does dismiss ... do take it as a metaphor when i say it lies in the head . of course every judgement based things lies in the brain but what i mean is that logic is using the brain while feelings ( metaphorically ) lies ... thinking lies in the head . we think through math problems . we think through things that do not have any moral ' weight ' or problem . by what i mean when we value logic is that we rather take what ... i commonly find people always putting out forward that f types are caring , nice and to an extent of fi dom / aux types ' individualistic ' , and that t types are cold , logical and to an extent of ti ...