' your se is quite dynamic in your art and hobbies . the rune part could suggest a very strong t , either extraverted or introverted . also , the unsureness of why you're doing something could suggest ... probably one of the most obsessed-about type difference , the author clearly defines and contrasts the two types unlike anything i've ever seen . so for all you infxs on the fence about your type , i ... intj i would type you as enxp from what i gathered so far . if you are unsure about your feelings / morals , that could signify low fi , but on the other hand you're coming off as too cuddly to be entp . yes . i'm very forthcoming with my anger and don't hold back . i'm somewhat civil , but definitely snappy and perhaps condescending . however , that's more due to childhood issues . oh , social skills . there are different types , you know . sure , there's your stereotypical social skills i . e . charming and being able to hold a conversation with a new person or someone you're not ... social skills ? depends what you're talking about . i mean , while i do have a gift for really understanding people , reading them , connecting with them and truly feeling with them on a deep level , ... fi-dom , in spades . so that makes you either infp or isfp . the textwall and the fact you never mentioned anything in the 5 senses makes me more inclined to believe infp . i would go on , and on , but ... do you , by any chance , happen to be surrounded by nfs ? we're sort of infamous for ' between the lines ' social interactions . i think that kind of communication is a lot of fun , personally , because the ... you know you're an infp when you say something and before you know it , all hell breaks loose because it was horribly misinterpreted . a bit touchy here ... sorry if i offended you . i didn't mean that stuff with relevance to istps , just typical asshole stuff . i admit my posts weren't well elaborated upon , but really guys ? having a ... easy there . i was talking about him , not all istps . gee , take a chill pill . just typical stuff . gaslighting , exaggerating , denying and lying . being so convinced you're right that you close your mind to what's right in front of you . for starters , here is a list of an istp's functions and their shadow : ti-se-ni-fe te-si-ne-fi and here is an infp's : fi-ne-si-te fe-ni-se-ti as you can see , they have completely opposite ... but there still lie possibilities / explanations for why things are that way . say , maybe the infp in question has severe depression . fi-users in particular tend to fall into despair easily enough . and ... insightful and discerning . however , there could also be a possibility that in order to communicate with person b , person a operates in a ni-ti sort of manner . ti users can be logical nitpickers too , ... really ? he always struck me as a ti-user . although , he does have very developed ni for an istp . i just don't see the se . can you point it out ? names were made anonymous , for obvious purposes . try to type the two without criticizing too much . person a : excuse me maybe i should have made that clear fuck you with the i dont love you shit , ... lol wtf kind of thread is this and no because surprise buttsex isn't kinky . it's just mean :( i don't do mean :( you know you have very high ni with fe when you believe that the universe around you is a creation of the universe's ( your ) mind and other people and things are just extentions of yourself , forged ... hi , i'm actually an infx , scoring literally 50 and 50 between infp and infj . i definitely have sufficient enough ni and fe to be part of your . crowd , sooo ... infjs and istps for serious ... isfp ? hm , barging into people's homes and breaking all their pots to steal their money seems pre-tty low fe to me . hell , low fi for that matter . my vote goes istp . ( in all seriousness , it's ... whaaat ? never uses ti ? dude , just look at all those weapons and their functions and how he thinks them through and uses them masterfully to conquer his environment . if that's not ti-se then i don't ... i lol'd so hard at the twilight princess zelda . i'm not sure about typing zelda characters so i would take my analysis with a grain of salt ... link-istp with well developed feeling tendencies ... se-fi , perhaps ? well , why the fuck not ? lmao why not ? he's intp , a dominant ti user . he'll be fine . as an intuitive feeler , i beg to differ . snake is so istp it hurts . as for the people who think he's an intj ... i think he just has really developed ni , which isn't surprising since it * is * the third function for istps ... otacon is ... i'm more infx but i'll answer nonetheless . generally , i don't use se all that much . i do , however , appreciate how constant and easily accessible the se world is . so , with that said , i use the ... woah , istp , your fi is a bit strong there . most istps , in my experience , have that social flavor of smartass mischief maker , if you must know . they're mean , but most do it for amusement . and ... come up with a bunch of theories or explanations that don't necessarily have a basis in reality , but at least a cinch of logic . for instance , for tue action of going from a to z with a as your ... istp . logical , observent , smart , probable that they would have a high capacity for using gadgets ad the like ( ti ) and kickass reflexes and fighting skills ( se ) also usually complete smartasses . what ... well , let's see . all enxps lead with ne , so i suspect it would be for a crazy , interesting , out there reason . but entps have ti as their second function , so they'd be very logical and able to break ... mm , this sounds like fun . as an intuitive , i don't think of food that much , and oftentimes forget to eat . so when i do remember to eat , i am so wracked with hunger that anything sounds good . as a ... 10/10 infp havent slept for 2 days because i was up all day and night marathoning enfj ? yeah , i don't think so . for starters , he's infamously klutzy ( low se ) and he just seems too random for ni ... i'm gonna cast my vote as enfp . he loves ideas , rambles , and just look how ... edit : figured it out ! i don't find myself particularly attractive , fair warning . he doesn't understand the concept of warmth or comfort . whenever i ask for it , even plead , he just responds with criticism and an angry tone . he tells me he's been under a lot of stress lately , what ... dear istp , thank you for reminding me not to worry and teaching me to enjoy life more simply and reminding me how to be happy . love , infp you know you're an infp when you look at something as simple as a leaf , shed hair , or anything really , and weave it into complicated theories about the inner workings of the universe you know ... i'm selfish , attention-seeking , needy , insecure about my looks , furious when my partners admire someone else's looks , and mooch too much because i'm afraid of facing things that need to be done for ... as far as i am aware of ... business-like ( adj ): the state of being inhuman and robotic , following all the functions programmed to achieve whatever simple purpose is assigned . no mess-ups , ... i always thought of the compatibility of strong emotions as a staple of a very dynamic , strong existence , along with such other categories of existence such as physical sensation . it could be said ... existing . suffering . the possibility that it may never end . it seems to be the go-to insult when people are pissed at me or otherwise have negative feelings . what is crazy ? is it because i'm an intuitive surrounded by dominant sensors ? apparently i'm crazy ... the whole point of the form is to create a world really different from ours . cool concept . although are you sure you're nf ? you sound more like an sf , based on how physical your descriptions are . still , si allows good creativity ... it's just less abstract , more ... i like to think time really doesn't exist in this world so it's kind of a neverending loop until you kill yourself . and the one who killed themself is immediately replaced by one with the same ... if you suddenly died and went to a world completely different from ours ... what would it be like ? include as many details as possible . example : there's a mass of pink . just pink . is it oblivion ? ... '