' i'm shy at the beginning . i need to get my bearings , get to know people . then i'm more than happy to say hello to people . vank you very much ! : laughing : ( it's vark as in aardvark . :D ) not offended . our personalities don't lock us into doing things . if you'd like to start to chew on these specific topics then please start a thread of your own but what i'd like to talk about here is the enfp's ... you're absolutely right . there's nothing wrong with picking a side , and to say that you think you are right . it's when people want you to pick a side just because their worldview depends on ... i've balanced my work with my personality . i'm a night shift front desk attendant in a fancy apartment building . people ask how can you work alone ? you're a people person ! , but it's perfect . ... i like to be on the fence . i'm not wishy-washy or can't make a decision , i just see all the angles and can see when making a decision on a topic isn't really necessary . even when i am firmly on one ... when some feminists cannot stand you because you're a man but you're thinking like a woman . most of the time i have no trouble falling asleep . i lay down , put my arm over my face , daydream and i'm out . my problem is i'm an early riser and a morning person - up at 4am . so while i'm never ... i like everything , too . my parents were classical / opera / folk music / beatles hippy-nerds . my sister and i grew up in the video music era . i have an incredibly soft spot for 80 ' s music . i was also ... i'm not a big fan of tats . that being said , there is nothing whatsoever wrong with getting them , having them , enjoying them . it's your body . i have seen very well done tats that i admired . i ... i love being an enfp but sometimes it feels like a girly personality profile . i feel kind of bulldozed by all the guys who are t's and j's thinking that's how a guy is supposed to be . only ... i've been here a hair less than a month . this morning i got three rapid fire achievements : 30 days , 90 days and a year . fastest year i've ever known . hippy strikes me as an antiquated term , like greaser . not sure which forum to put this in ... i was walking to my car in the parking garage at my work - i work in a fancy apartment building . i saw a license plate that said : ent 1 and i thought ... i've got so much spirit , i run a monk in diablo 3 . :D my wife says i'm obnoxious when i drink . i get giggly and silly . one time with four beers in me i was singing the star spangled banner using only the words paper plate . i'm not much of a ... here's my fb quotes box : freedom is not a license for chaos - norton juster a positive attitude may not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the ... falling in love is druglike . everything is fine . everything will work . but ... it's something that wears off . why ? well , from a biological standpoint , life wants to make more babies . it makes it ... you're fine . everyone thinks . everyone feels . there are thinkers out there who feel too much , too . remember , you're an n and a p . you're not necessarily thinking , you could be intuiting and ... the poll is skewed . college students and high school students probably tend to have more free time to hang around on internet forums than adults . these folks - by definition - would be some ... all good suggestions . the big issue is exactly that : she doesn't communicate . i think her problem goes beyond being an introvert . i have friends who are introverts who can and do talk . if i could ... good thing you're non-specific . we can learn everything about you down to your shoe size if you would have told us your exact age . :p roud : at home the deck is kind of stacked for the introverts because they're in their comfort zone and have someone to talk to if they're feeling social . the extrovert is stuck because they have to go out ... i would suggest a mutual loosening of restrictions . you can still keep in contact , etc , but leave things open . discuss the fact that it is a ldr and discuss what the two of you would do if either ... delete double post . not quite . enfps can and do crash . its hard for other people to notice because when we have others around it's easy to run off that energy . when you're alone though , with no one around to work off ... is there any other kind ? :D my wife is an infp and i practically have to drag her to social events - drag is a strong word , but i spend many nights quietly at home with her , and it's only fair ... i'm apprehensive entering new situations . takes me a while to warm up . even then i put off my full extrovert as long as i can . once that cat is out of the bag you can't stuff it back in . here , this will make you feel better . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84WpcmJ28Yg my wife and i are enfp and infp . place is pretty cluttered . okay , fellow enfps , here's a tour i did of my hometown of bellevue , pennsylvania . i go by rufushonkeriv in this , which was / is my livejournal username .   ... the rattle of the air conditioner . it's pretty darned hot . i attract introverts . not sure why . thank you . i'm moving along , good to get tips . indeed . kind of related - when i was in high school i had a phobia of asking out girls who were older than i was . felt like they were off limits . it's silly in retrospect . well my hand ... duh ! ! what hand do you think i would write with ? ( i'm right handed . ) i love the feel of warm , wet cement under bare feet after it rains after a hot day . i like radio towers . they're just cool ! the smell of fresh ground coffee when you first open the can . i ... i find that because i'm loud and silly , people feel comfortable around me and thus stand closer than i'd like . and it's almost never people who you would enjoy standing close . i was only enfp at home in elementary school and junior high . at school i was teased mercilessly to the point that i couldn't tell who was being mean or who was making an innocent joke . i was ... i was at a thrift store once and found the ugliest shirt i had ever come across in my life . of course i bought it ! it had a collar and long sleeves , buttoned down the front - was orange and had ... i was a junior high / high school youth leader for ten years . i have three kids . ( 11 , 9 , 7 : two girls and a boy ) yep , i get along fine with kids . as i get older i do have periods of having had ... - i'll make loud and annoying sounds in the car when i'm driving to work and back - you know , just making the kind of strange sounds that ( for lack of a better term ) special needs people make . i'm ... sorry , can't read through 77 pages worth . posting first . ( that's kind of enfp , isn't it ? ) why are you even thinking that ? you're really ... unique . okay does anyone other than [ your ... that's an interesting take , about being the most introverted of the extroverts . i've always gotten along with introverts best . my father , wife and best friend are all introverts . i always assumed ... i've been going through a rough patch . no worries , i know it's going to end . i've felt this way before . there's some relationship issues going on with my wife , who is an infp , but a very strong ... hi . i'm kevin . i'm 38 , married , three kids . i joined the forum to see what other people with my temperament are like . enfp isn't really common , best as i can tell . i've always been bouncy ... '