' okay with the new characters of the walking dead , is an updated new post okay ? i want to guess the type of original characters + the new characters arriving in seasons 4 and 5 the original ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qVXSsp09TYk canada , holland , and switzerland seem very infp to me ! that last part about having qualities i want to possess could be it , yeah . infp does fit me fairly well , though , but i do have a few istp qualities about me as well , though . just not enough to make ... some of my friends think i might be istp but i see both that and infp . i feel like i have qualities of both ! i'm not really sure if infp fits anymore or maybe it fits now more than ever . i'm just ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... any other thoughts or opinions ? i feel like tyler hoechlin would be an ixxp of sorts . he's kinda quiet and more mellow than his other cast mates which seem to be exxx types . i think dylan's personality type is enfp . that's the only one i think i'm sure of . : kitteh : some cast members include : dylan o'brien tyler posey tyler hoechlin crystal reed holland roden colton haynes daniel sharman kate argent of teen wolf comes to mind for that personality type . you speak very eloquently and so that's making me a little confused here . yeah , i write so i think it's more ne ( ? ) than anything but sometimes i find myself acting more si with my sense of irony and ... thank you . also , i like the cat in the signature . definitely think of lennon when i look at him even though i'm only in my early 20s . interesting . thank you ! 1st place - abc 2nd place - adult swim 3rd place - mtv / much music am i complicated or something ? ! : unsure : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y92HpjtlQcY shipwrecked by shane alexander prerequisites what age range are you in ? early 20s ! any disorders or conditions we should know about ? nope . post bump . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... same . the whole real beauty thing being aimed at curvy or plus sized women . calling those women ' real ' while leaving out people with slimmer builds . all women are beautiful and unique in their own way ; ... charlie brown is an infp , i think . enfp , maybe ? i can't make assumptions about these but i do know that derek seems to be an ixxp . i was actually leaning towards infp , believe it or not , but that's because i perceive him to be one . he could , ... here's a list of characters i would like to see typed by you all . scott mccall stiles stilinski derek hale allison argent lydia martin jackson whittemore yep , same . i can't help but wonder where some of the characters would fall personality wise . especially eliza , debbie , and nigel . opinions , anyone ? yeah , i can relate to all of these . every single one . i'm mature with childlike moments . actually , i started out left handed and was forced to write with the right hand so over time i had to use my right hand . though i can write with both for the most part , left's more sloppy i guess ... carrie miranda charlotte samantha mr . big aiden steve smith etc also , i don't understand how i can't change over time as i grew ? why can't that be a possibility ? o . o i guess it goes to show you that in some cases ; opposites really do attract , yeah ? i've had friends and family members ( my grandma and best friend ) both read over both types and agree that i'm like a mesh of the two . my best friend read the infp one and was like oh yeah that's you ... see that's why i thought i was mistyped this whole time . i've always been an infp , as far as i know from reading about them - i sound exactly like that but i have parts of an isfp too . you guys tell ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emHAfLWqbnA bumping this because i want to know more opinions ! : laughing : feeneh feee neh ! yeah , i agree with you here . exactly . i used to be an infp and i guess i'm changing to isfp gradually , that doesn't bother me . i had to change at some point since i was an infp during my teen years . shawn is definitely an isfp . cory , he's probably esfj because he cares so much about others around him but he's also really outgoing and warmhearted . eric is an esfp without question . dan - istp darlene - isfp david - infp i wonder what spongebob is though . enfp , maybe ? which types do you believe to be the most compatible friendship and relationship wise ? what about the most incompatible ? tell me your thoughts on this . also , i'm sorry if this is a repost of any ... 1 . fake people . just .. no . 2 . immaturity . 3 . bigots of any kind ; especially the ones that try to use their religious beliefs to justify their hatred . again , no . 4 . people that expect me to be ... i become cold , angry , and distant . paranoid , too , since i often feel like i'm losing the person . how do you view and handle theory ? i listen to it with intrigue if it's something interesting . like , say , how zombies could become a real possibility - if we talk about that and you make sense to me ... i've been accused of being manipulative in the past but i'm not ... i don't think ? ! 67797 67801 i have kind of a grunge style to me . i came to the conclusion that i am an isfp with infp aspects . i'm basically a mix of the two , leaning more toward isfp . thank you for your help you guys ! love and appreciation to all of you that ... i filled out a second survey but a lot of people are telling me isfp , which i find very surprising . i always thought i was an infp . '