' i know that i get depressed , but i have found a way to disassociate myself from those feelings . now i just have constant philanthropy on my mind , in regards to others . yet , sometimes i have the ... yes to just about everything ; it's been especially prevalent the last few months . nightcrawler sherlock holmes aragorn merlin gandalf peter parker / spiderman bruce banner / hulk the joker shaggy ( scooby doo ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MU0UKhnDdcI&feature=player_embedded# ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XIbFJETrScI http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7M92nylTNwY i've always been single . sobriety http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Irz9PNHqt-Y i see and hear things all the time , and at the same time have a hard time distinguishing them from what reality dictates . because of this , i keep to myself as much as possible . hugs back . thanks . opens arms ... tillsammans är vi allt ( together we are everything ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHY_AFSjt28 getting sucked into the void made me question the validity of everything that exists in this world . 6801568016 68017 let me consult the trees . i don't really like to rate myself ... i like to write music , write stories / poetry , and just make art . i also like helping those downtrodden individuals that can't help themselves ; i try to make ... my best friends are my dad , intj , my brothers , enfp and intp , my friend ( my soul brother ) entj , my friend who's another enfp , and my other bro who i am not particularly sure what he is . well , there was this being that was at least eight feet tall and it was just pure darkness ( like an aura ) . it stared into my soul and became apart of me , it's hard to explain . heaven was a ... i've been possessed by a demon . i've also been to heaven and hell . 67094 honestly , cheese has freaked me out since i was a little kid . never got over it , i can only eat it on pizza . it's just a weird cyclic existence that i am locked into , and i'm fine with it . math homework , ironically . i went to a supermarket today . i felt as if i didn't belong there , almost as if i was more alienated than usual . honestly , supermarkets are just weird in general . the people look at me as if they ... honestly , i feel fine . i've grown from this situation , and i am thankful to have had it . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XdtJ_BTmDVM well , in high school my main problem was the superficiality of what people term the social game . for some reason , the fact that i didn't really see a need to talk to anyone made people think that i ... i was literally going to say the same thing . no joke . i don't . even though it would be pretty easy to do so . it seems to contradict everything that makes me , well , me . well , i'm an aquarius , and i'm an infj . my dad is a tauros and he's an intj . my brothers are twin pisces , one is an enfp and the other , i believe , is an intp . it isn't a link to a song but a whole album . not many people accept this genius ; it makes me sad that gems like this get swept under the rug . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kemZzBHcDRU ... i would definitely like one , please . infj mushrooms . i had similar experiences with weed , although it didn't creep me out . sorry , i should have quoted it . i'll send you a message . okay . we all have a limited perspecitve of a subjective reality ; therefore , when our finite minds cannot grasp something , we regard it as untrue . i wake up to a different reality , every day . i can't tell ... clean your room . i would rather hear the truth at all times , then at least i can fix myself to the standards of the truth and , hopefully , be a better person . would you rather be oblivious to the world as a whole , ... i must say that i have a tremendous respect for the way an intj perceives the world , as my father is an intj . well anyways , welcome . friends , the beauty is within the contradiction . 1 . green 2 . blue 3 . gold 4 . orange makes sense to me . i'm about 95 % sure i'm a christian . i leave 5 % of myself empty , just in case . thank you all . it seems to be quite an interesting place . i'm pretty excited about it all . thank you , kind sir . it permeates with a strong vibration in the depths of my being , almost as if i'm connected with the creator , or something . even when listening to my favorite artist , john ... i have tried to kill myself in the past , attempting right in front of my friends at school . weird times . my whole thing with coping with depression is finding ways to disassociate myself from it ... music is something that constantly tugs at the innermost vibrations of my soul . it's really the only reason i continue existing . now , with the addition of its creation to my being , it seems as if my ... i'm following the tangents , so to speak . i'm trying to seek out what is truly the purpose of my life . '