' pretty much . christian-ish . don't believe jesus christ is a god , nor did anyone ever get resurrected . i just follow his teachings and then again in my own way . put it this way : like the bible says when you ... judgement is very important , i think , in determining what is good and what is bad . this is , to me , not a subjective thing . there is a universal difference between positive and negative . though i am a ... did not see that one coming . :p i'll go and investigate ! this is me in spain . i believe i had not slept for a while in the first pic . :p hello dear reader , i was hoping you could provide me with some information . you see , i was raised in suburbia . beautiful , healthy and well-facilitated suburbia . where we all have cars and ... i wrote a rap about this subject . all opinions and critique very welcome . concrete prisons with luxury humming , putting off thoughts mindless is what we becoming not interested in truth but ... i don't want to defy anyones beliefs ... but .. i think that they're all part the same thing . genetic = taught . genes have nothing to do with behaviour . chemical = result . people who have sex ... if i would to define depression , i would say that depression is the feeling that ones problems exceeds ones ability to cope with them , hurdling one into a pit of escapism and subjective reality . i ... shapeshifting and rainbows greatest strength : understanding greatest weakness : over expectant , naive quality you most admire in other people : honesty quality you least admire in other people : pride slowly the boy realizes his mistake as the chaos leaves its eternal mark 6481864819 6482064821 64822 to love ones spirit and to accept ones actions , regardless . man , i see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived . i see all this potential , and i see squandering . goddamn it , an entire generation pumping gas , waiting tables , slaves with ... no one respects a talent that is concealed . erasmus voltaire , william wordsworth , confucius , john milton , alexander pope i'm sure he will . exclamation mark ! maybe this doesn't work for you , but i want to share it with you anyway . if you're a fan of nfl then you undoubtly heard of him . ray lewis . http://youtu.be/m0ysMOV8TYU what time is it ? mynameiuse lot of respect for you . god does not let this kind of struggle go unrewarded . i admire your ethics a lot . go get ' em great idea , i'm going to watch persepolis . i've always been interested in that topic , but i had not heard of that comic / movie . thanks ! what i got for a recommendation is music .  ... i used to have real big problems when it comes to setting goals and then pursuing them . i have such a wide range of things that i want to do that it's really impossible to get to them all . i got into ... i've thought about this a lot and the more i started to adhere to my persona , the more i lost myself and got stuck in passive aggresiveness . i found that to me the least hastle is when i can be ... stop treating suicidal people like theyre crazy , that's one of the things that drive them suicidal in the first place . sorry to say but the only way to truly get them over it is to let them choose ... why do you write ? the islam is actually pretty close to democracy . the worth of the society is as good as the worst-one-off is being treated . a large part of muslim life is helping the world selflessly and accepting ... http://youtu.be/xUuiDXI5OYI feel it stop over-analyzing love and friendship . it's always going to be a risk . the answer to both your questions is communication . talk about this with the people actually involved and try to stay away ... ahh , death . yes we all truly are moved by the idea . some so much that they try anything to fool death . others can't get there quick enough . whatever reasons you have to commit suicide , you need ... these things you speak of can only exist if there is some sort of afterlife . in which case it wouldn't be impossible . both sides of the coin . please do not wait until the shit hits the fan before you act . do not assume too much . act with confidence . let your regrets be what you did not do . trust your gut feeling . you started this thread ... you can do that now . what if money didn't matter ? money is nothing other than what we make it . it's a very reasonable way to accommodate trade between people . a better question would be what if ... good friends need to protect the infp from themselves sometimes . it's time you took a little bit out of the ' friendship pot ' and invest some into him . i am ofcourse completly unaware what the ... http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Hodor_509d5c_4060573.jpg :P that is the most awesome dog-expression ever ! what bromide said . writer - r . a . salvatore philosopher - confuscius comedian - hans teeuwen musician - atmosphere motivational thinker - joe rogan good day . i was reflecting about my cognitive functions and how they actually differ from the infp . only my dom . and aux . functions correlate . then i started wondering what i took out of all the ... http://www.fantasycars.com/Aston_Martin_DB7/pic1X.jpg aston martin db7 http://blog.caranddriver.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/Lyonheart-K-reel.jpg jaguar lyonheart-k ( new e-type ) http://www.sothink.com/product/swfeasy/images/flash-banner-template.gif banners modern day an age of pretend many say sentences that end with can't what i see so differently indeed how we be desperatly trying what is it that makes our days http://youtu.be/L1BFUXJmq2c infp theme song hahaha damn , woman ! : confused : yes , i feel like i am the least of the troubles so i deserve no time or effort . if you force it on me i will feel like you won't truly get me boohoo and be scared it'll ... ahhh ! now it makes sense ! i was once so happy and in tune with my group of friends . we played on the nintendo wii and we did all sorts of boardgames . it was a lot of fun . when i came home that night i was completly depressed , ... 52422 i am so happy i'm going to burst out in capslock but i actually need to use shift i have a crush on orangeappled insight and spirit : blushed : something sweet or hearty . chips is okay , chocolate , cookies . mmm i love dancing . i don't know what i'm doing most of the time , but if i look around the room i don't think anyone does most of the time . it's actually very harmonizing and if everyone's having a good ... '