' i feel like everything i know is a lie but at the same time i feel like i felt it coming . i hate i allowed this to happen . i hate i let it get the better of me . he also still has my boxes of things i found out after promising we'd be together later and just work on focusing on ourselves he found somebody else and had secretly been in a relationship with her long distance . after 2 years . i get ... as much as i like this person and consider them seriously , and the deep mutual attraction , i'm starting to believe for my own sake i should just back away ... it's more fear-based than intuition based ... him : i've never been in a rebound relationship nor do i intend to . i don't want to be a rebound or make somebody else a rebound . that's why i didn't date for 7 years before my recent ex . me : but ... holy shit can i be you when i grow up ? i want this more than anything . i want to be this and repel anything less . i've been reading a lot on the concept of rebound relationships , with some arguing it's black and white and these are the signs and other's saying it's all circumstantial and stories where it ... part ii : is it possible for you to have something casual ( and most likely temporary ) with somebody you feel you could fall very in love with ? part iii : have you & can you be okay with being the ... new york vs . los angeles . how cliche . awkward , but he was my student art teacher / substitute art teacher back when i was in high school . we didn't hardly talk , but i always thought he was cute . nothing beyond that , not even a real crush ... oh god , how do i be ... sexy ? ? - _ - he's mentioned a few times , usually after i go on a tangent about some science-y nerd sh * t that he finds it attractive or a turn on . and made a fair share of jokes ... whoa , somebody put my entire recent relationship into words . i thought it was because he was repressing things . in truth that's just not who he is . i feel a bit better , but worse ? meh . i've never been this reassured i'm infj hahaha . 100 % of the time . it's fucking exhausting . i don't understand how to simple exist and be . in fact i'm constantly told to stop thinking 10 steps into the future . meditation is kind of helping ... i happen to find that this entire thread is nothing but lamenting the male archetype and how the male infj doesn't fit into it . that women don't accept it . where is that notion coming from ? ... help i think i fell in love with one of you ! ! D: you keep saying sexy things to me and i - ssjdnjsnsk - * explode * when i speak the words are backwards , you ask about me but end up on a tangent full ... the best advice and non-confusing metaphor of all time . i'm very visual when it comes to writing so this was divine . thank you <3 but why are young men being socially isolated today ? why can they not turn to others for emotional support ? it's the societal conditioning that men aren't being taught to process their emotions ... i feel like a lot of your posts such as the one grassland quoted are the search for confirmation . you observed these things you say are facts and present them to us in a matter-of-fact a + b = c ... you are an amazing person . your words are so enlightened . more young men need to hear everything in your post . op please look back and reread this stuff . my dear you are definitely , definitely hurt . your pain is valid , but the malice ... i think you're viewing things in a narrow light . i'm not sure where in the world you are , but i know many a woman ... the infamous ni ti loop . i couldn't really understand it while reading about it previously but i think that's exactly what's happening . i'm trying to figure out my life and am revisiting the past and ... willingly isolating myself for these reasons now . sometimes i find i'm my own best therapist . i had to let somebody go and they didn't understand that in order to grow i needed to have a lot of ... whoa i think this is what it was for me . there's been so much craziness going on in my life , it's mentally draining . i was worried i stopped caring about people :( when i was 18 , before the sjw media takeover , i was an earnest liberal democrat . now i want nothing to do with politics . not out of cynicism really . but i just grew tired of it . i'm all for ... so , have you read mein kampf ? one that wasn't depression-related ( provoked by depression , or something along those lines is fine perhaps ) ? when did it happen to you and looking back , why ? i'm 22 , but for some reason the past ... all i do is watch anime and look for dresses online . like , pathetic . i mean cool . but i rather runaway . it's all becoming too comfortable . i will say this , i definitely believe in the ebb and flow of life's positives and negatives . that we go through periods of up and periods of down . that it cycles naturally . however my therapist did ... my experience with antidepressants was that i felt like i could breathe . i will admit , some things i let slip by i normally wouldn't have but i don't know if that had anything to do with it ( ni and ... it really , really means a lot . please don't mistake any silence on my part as dismissive either . yesterday was very bad and i almost voluntarily checked myself in to the hospital , but my so talked me ... i'm just gonna explain some pre-emptive stuff that you might be able to reflect on since upbringing has a lot to do with it : i'm not really sure what caused it , maybe it was in the change of ... it really makes it difficult to form new friendships . you need to initiate , keep up , and i don't have the emotional energy . it feels superficial when i try to since i barely ever see the point . i'm ... i haven't dealt with the loss of my parents yet ... and i honestly don't know how i'm going to survive that . but to know you're still making it through gives me hope . it's just quite difficult ... hey guys , so i was diagnosed with dysthymia 2 years ago , and apparently have dealt with it since around age 13 . the past 5 years of my life have in particular been quite difficult , i had about a 1-2 ... did you apologize to her or try to make it right ? that really hurt to read i knew it'd happen , but me too . nah , i'll cut him loose . if he can't work through it with me and doesn't want to try to i need to stop giving him excuses and realize i'm worth more than that . i feel for and empathize with his ... can you explain how so ? to me it feels like it's the last thing he wants to do . he told me in that conversation you're the only decent person i know who isn't going to use my feelings against me and ... i feel stupid for asking for any more advice / insight , but i've found out the things i thought were entp / infj personality misunderstandings in my relationship were in fact deep emotional and ... he seems to identify way too well as an entp , but perhaps just an unhealthy one . he actually was the one who introduced me to mbti , mistyped me for a sensor ( hah ) , and was amazed that i was an infj ... coming here definitely wasn't my first choice but rather my last resort , i've been reading so much about interpersonal relationships it's disgusting . thanks though . to everyone who gave me advice , i figured i was correct despite i wanted to be wrong so badly for a while . i tried bringing things up before , checking in . he broke up with me this morning . or rather , ... strange ? ! : o how so ? please elaborate . maybe you mean unique ;) i'm 20 , he's 26 . so we've both kind of left the teenage realm ( god bless ) . well ya'll have obviously been driving us crazy ! ! > . < thank you so much for the laughs and optimism ! you made everything seem so much smaller and i'm grateful :') your words definitely comforted me . the man is a knock-out , one in a million . but we're all one in a million ( except the occasional doppelganger / evil twin ) . but really , he's sweet . i want to wrap ... sounds pretty accurate . * pandora's box of fears unleashes * oh gosh , thank you ! ! * blushes * i've never been really good in that department . i rarely crushed on anybody in school , and the ones i did i hid from . anyone who actually did have the courage to say ... my people ! i am currently in a relationship with someone who happens to be an entp . i have been for 4 months . i use the quotations because while that label has been put on it , i don't exactly ... '