rebirth ! ^ - ^ has anyone determined the type of martin yet ? often , elements of an author's personality will leak into their characters . http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/04/14/b4293136128e77eed72942b4d5905752.jpg entrepeneur . ; - ; are all my friends departed ? lost friends . hello . this probably isn't a necessity , but i felt like it was the right thing to do . as my username suggests , i am tranquility . many of you , maybe all of you , may not remember me , and faces do tend ... wontlookdown that's k . i'm too young for this forum anyway . : tongue : i didn't post that , swordsman of mana did . you need to pay more attention to quotes and actual posts . : tongue : who ? : confused : yes . your profile picture is cute . : blushed : : tongue : banned for being too blunt . mine has much less premeditation . i see someone with a pained expression , i feel pain . i see someone looking happy , i feel happy . how i feel is based on how they look like they feel , with the actual ... i wonder if each of us experience empathy / sympathy differently , due to fe and fi ? kipkn yet i wouldn't trade it for the world . i like to help as well , but listening to the problems of others can tend to distress me . it's not something i can do constantly . feeling types , if you consider the feeling functions associated with the agreeability trait on the ocean , should tend to be more timid , as they would have less sociopathic tendencies . < no offence , ... entheos there's a lot of really good wisdom being shared , and quite a bit of the advice given on this thread sounds like it would look good in a book or on a classroom wall this thread is a treasure trove for quotation gems . :p roud : thank you . this is a beautiful idea , by the way . extps are known for being charismatic and potentially manipulative . i've been under a lot of stress lately and could use any help i can . i'm not a firm believer in the power of prayer , but if you won't mind ? a warm hug and someone to spend the rest of my life with . nothing much . : tongue : that's quite egotistical . i've actually considered isfj for my type before . this thread is ... is amusing the right word ? theo , pertaining to religion , so ... nf of some kind . : tongue : the ending is a little odd , so i'm gonna say your name is an infp . hello ! nice to see another female intp around , it gets so lonely ... : tongue : only joking . welcome to the site ! :p roud : 8 or 3 . i want to be able to get things done . still didn't get a good sign of what your inferior is , but feeling seems to dominate over intuition , so infp . what is your greatest strength and your greatest weakness ? hm , sounds like a hard te dominant . you may be a pure extraverted thinker , but if i had to stick by mbti i'd say entj , though your lack of accreditation for things outside your zone of reliability ... either enfp or infp . your intimate passion and need for self-expression hint at fi , and your future-orientation , need to inspire , and carefree attitude towards what is to come , coupled with your ... if you are adhering to the neobriggs template , then , you made a typo in the post i commented on . it can be seen by some as untrue to jung's work , too rigid , stereotypical , and fake . i envy your positionx 85 : tongue : entj , in my opinion . you don't strike me as an alpha , and i've never heard of a serious entp for the life of me . dominant te ( with a bit of what i think is se ) shine here , especially in your sentence ... i do find it amusing how almost no one has read the articles at the back , and that most don't realize introversion as shyness and extraversion as outgoing were originally correlated by jung . however , ... i think this may be a translation fault . extraversion is fed from external sources , so concrete was supplemented . or i could just be nitpicking at something i don't want to hear . i hope it's a ... why ? nooox 85 ewwwx 85 reckful , i disagree with your definitions of jung's view on introversion and extraversion . i believe it's more of a externally focused / internally focused thing . and again , where does jung use ... i like most esfjs and entjs i meet . i prefer istjs , though . : tongue : donutsgalacticos reckful uglierbetty please , stop . take a moment . betty , openness does not mean ' open-mindedness ' . it ties more into conceptualization , ability to learn new things easily , and ... i agree . i feel the auxiliary can be either introverted or extraverted , not only one . you're welcome . however , always be ready to put your type into question . what seems sure one day may be uncertain the next . in such a changing , dynamic field as personality psychology , you must ... i also thought isfj , but op seems to use te . she might very well be an introverted sensation with feeling type in jungian terms , but she seems to be an mbti-style jcf istj . just because affect ... yes , but it seems to be the teleological purpose of this thread to be derailed . tranquility , if you wouldn't mind . also , how do you change your post rank ? is it still possible ? i heard it's not really a good year to be an intp liberian . tertiary ? i take it you're adhering to jung's xixixexe function order ? pretty much . i ( being the lover of metaphorical speech that i am ) like to liken libidinal investment to a well worn shoe . the more libido you have invested in an psychic object , the more you want to ...