' oh yeah , i recognized you from your profile picture . and also the fact that you're on my friends list . so what have you been up to ? how's that reactor ( ? ) going ? hey everyone . i'm back again . for the time being anyway . i might actually become active again this time , who knows . i don't really even know why i became inactive in the first place . it's not like ... i mean , it's definitely not the most efficient way to get a cnc machine working , but it is programming , so that's mostly why i like it . we're learning about g-coding in school now , and i gotta say , i'm really enjoying it . i don't know how much i'll use it in the future , but having a general interest towards programming and ... nothing much , i've mostly just been busy with school stuff . i'm finishing school in a few months , so i'll need to get my life started soon , and that takes a considerable amount of time and energy ... it's been a while . if you're talking about steph curry , that was me . i would agree that he's a good looking black dude . i still find it extremely confusing though . i had no idea people make assumptions like this so ... did you actually though ? a female friend of mine thought i was gay and in love with my best friend just because of all the gay jokes we make all the time . i really like using plotting software with my arduino . now i can make fancy graphs with all the data that would otherwise be lost . there's no need , i'm monitoring the voltage within the ide . i've verified it with a meter beforehand , so it's accurate as well . i'm thinking my thermometer might be incorrect , even though i used it ... the program that's running on my arduino either recalibrated itself incorrectly ( even though it shouldn't be able to do so ) , or my thermometer is wrong ( even though it has no reason to be ) . either ... i could have used a voltage divider , but i wanted to use at little external circuitry as possible . that's why i decided that setting the reference voltage to 1.1 v internally is ' good enough ' even ... for the last few days , i've been trying to do a relatively simple arduino project in which an rgb led changes its color based on the temperature . due to the inaccuracy of the temperature sensor ... why are you here ? you might not be allowed to install a custom firmware , which would make sense i suppose , just for the sake of fairness , if nothing else . you got me interested in this so i'll try it out and see how it really works . apparently you can use an uno as a keyboard with just a firmware update and some tweaking on the software side . what could it possibly be that you can do with a leonardo but can't do with an uno ? it's amazing how easy it has become for me to mess myself up . i had a nice sleep and eating schedule going for a while now , then i got sick , didn't eat for a day , slept half as much as i usually do ... and this is exactly why we'll never reach a resolution no matter how long we continue this , so let's agree to disagree then , shall we ? that's not how logic works , unless you misunderstood something . what i meant by that is that i have no reason to complain , which is true because they are trying to give compensation for my work , and ... i've probably never been as emotionally unstable in the last 2 years as i am now . i didn't miss this feeling at all . as much as i hate doing favors for relatives and friends of relatives as far as computer repair goes , i can't really complain because they always try to pay me and i always refuse . it just feels ... pretend to know what you're doing with your life . i would really like to think this is not a serious question . but then again , you never know . dave hagewood looks exactly like how i imagine my brother will look in 25 years . i've heard that the job market in the us is awful like that . over here , employers don't really have a choice when it comes to that because most people move out of the country as soon as they can ... it feels pretty good knowing that i won't have to worry about not being able to get a job after i finish school . apparently my e-mail address has been leaked by 5 different sites in the last 3 or so years . that would explain the people that have been trying to log into my twitter and ebay accounts for like the ... i wonder when my english teacher will realize that he can't teach me anything new . i don't even know why we have english subject as part of out vocational training . i also took the finals like 2 ... here's something that really surprised me . my mom thinks i'll be living with her for at least 8 more years . i would probably go insane after 2 , let alone 8 . if everything goes well , i'll be moving ... i was really looking forward to learning plc programming this year , but after realizing how rudimentary the whole thing is and that our teacher is making these classes less productive than trying to ... i already feel like this is one of the best few months of my life , and i'm not even that far into it . also , i'll have to wake up at 4 am tomorrow to go to school , so fuck that . these are probably the same people who idolize the badass istp stereotype , so it's beyond pointless to even bring this up , but oh well . why do people keep saying that not admitting to one's mistakes is a distinct istp trait ? that's just being insecure and has nothing to do with type as far as i know . not gonna lie , it's pretty bad in terms of pure taste . the whole experience is about 80 % of throat scratching and 20 % of tasting the actual fruit it's made of , and that's a best case scenario . it's ... i want to try that out someday . right now i'm drinking some good ol ' homemade pálinka that was made by my friend's relatives . they gave it to me because i helped them make some few hundred liters ... alcohol tastes much worse if there's no sadness to drink away . i hate it when people use the phrase it smells funny , especially if they're referring to burnt electronics . not only does it make no sense whatsoever , it's usually used in a troubleshooting ... school has just started , but it already made me feel like life's stagnating . maybe it's because i just got back into the boring routine that i'll have to keep up for the next 10 months , but maybe ... it really feels great to be able to think back fondly of the hardest and most depressing times of my life . to be fair , i've had major issues in the past regarding my inferior fe , just as you said . that's something i'm pretty sure most ( if not all ) actual istps go through ( and intps , for that matter ) ... i wouldn't blame my fe though . i've gotten to know that part of myself really well over the last few years , and i know what it's like when that's the problem . i believe my fe has gotten stronger , if ... yeah , sometimes i really feel like i don't belong here . i think i'm slowly turning into a cynical asshole . i disagree . i think it's not at all how it works . after the first day of school , pretty much all of my optimism is gone . it will be a really busy and uncomfortable 10 months from the looks of it . i just hope it seems worse than it actually is . ... last night i had a dream where i was finally able to pronounce the word thirty correctly for the first time in my life . circuits with really old or obscure components that lack proper ( or any ) documentation are more often than not pretty much impossible to fix . '