' death before dishonor in view , a humble vaudevillian veteran cast vicariously as both victim and villain by the vicissitudes of fate . ~ from v for vendetta i thank whatever gods may be ... why would you ever deserve it ? tattoos and most piercings smooth tanned / brown skin big curly / coily hair . red hair and freckles are cute too . height ... lots of legs butts + b-d cup , c = perfect ... the fuck ? are you still talking about feminism ? did you not hear the word equality dude ? do you not know what that means ? - equal rights for people regardless of what factors they might have ... did snooki hit him ? ? ? i am still lost as to how this is a comparison because i dont watch that show . i dont think you are following the conversation very well . me : if you get hit , hit bad to teach a lesson . her : walk away . me : what about the lesson ? her : who made you the responsible ? i dont like parties because they involve lots of new people that i dont know very well . maybe a small party where i know most people well enough and meet a few new faces here and there . great ... it becomes my job when you violate me , ma'am . i literally , truthfully , barked out a laugh right here . but , i understand where you are coming from all the same . hough i wuld probably cuss ... the truth is we have just kept traditional norms , added women and stirred . soo funny glad you are happy too . we have different lenses but we both see positivity in the thread :) your post makes a lot of sense but when i think of it , if there is someone psychotic and immature who communicates with their fist and i am the mature person , how will that change the price of rice ? ... 1 . i wasnt offended because i want to be see as a man , strong like them , or anything . but females should be accountable for their actions . they have the feeling the can do whatever they want to a man ... equality has nothing to do with role . even if i was a weak prissy little bitch who cooks and cleans , i am still equal to a big burly brute who chops trees and hammers metal . its not about what ... was happy . wanted to find out the solutions to the problems . agreed with the many weaknesses , flattered by most of the strengths . to this day i am offended by the enfp's are gullible and ... conch piercing whichever is more right brain dominant or balanced ... and i doubt that has anything to do with type all my most fun mates are enfp's and we never have a falling out .. ever i find it disturbingly insulting and degrading to hear men say i would never hit a woman even in self defence . women will never be equal to men because we raise our girls to be pissy little ... yeah . the world is sick and there is nothing i can do to stop it ... this is the core of my depression and suicidal ideation . i have this complex badly ! too sarcastic and cynical sometimes ... sometimes its not called for suppose this was an argument with some strange crazy bitch you dint know ... what then ? strange slaps you in the face , taking a petty argument to a physical assault ... basically i watched a video ... smack her back , and harder too because she hit first so she needs to get a fucking wake up call . its not violence , its respect for my person / property etc . dont fucking hit me or i will hit you ... scenario : for whatever reason a male and a female are in a verbal argument where the female smacks / punches the man in his face . * may be stranger or familiar . may have been a petty argument or ... i think i misunderstand what an ego is . standing up for what i believe in ... i dont think of that as egotistical . i dunno . i am not sure if other enfp's will agree but for the majority of ideas ... none of them are my style but i picked reg because her song is more interesting ... owl city is just a bit chicken heady .. lasted about 10 seconds . actually reg's song is rather annoying too ... * blink * ... * blink * ? before this summer i had a serious problem with insomnia .. i could shut off everything and still stay up for 2-3 hours with my mind racing . never shutting down . smoked a lot of weed this summer ... enfp's intj's intp's motto revised : if there's a fuck , i don't give it . its my life , i live it . i choose black . cause its multi everything . universal . mix of all colours . deep and tranquil . hides everything . brings other colors together ... makes other colours look brighter / better / more ... alone time ... journal your feeling via writing , painting drawing ... therapy - talking to someone about it ( talking about it brings up the problems and often solutions for me ... its like when i talk i ... i am normally calm enough internally ... if i need to calm myself down it must be some strong negative energy within . i have been thinking ... i basically mentally dissociate . i am an escapist ... fire got me nearly spot on . cool thread . awesome ^ ^ waterfalls + other ( trees , squirrels , soil , earthworms , turtles ... ) throw in some sunshine n ull get a rainbow tooo ... the rest is garbage . i could take more time thinking out stuff n being super stylish like i used to ... but why bother . i like it expressive in a minimalistic way . black and grey / silver with red / white / neon accents .  ... i am not a hugger or toucher either naughychimp av , sig pic , quote ... i like them found the fatal flaw of this upgrade .. no i am pissed . where did king of dreams picture go ? : shocked : of all the months ! ! oh no , i am not having it ! we should boycott , strike ... something ... how come noone is blabbing about the new perc look . or am i super late . regardless , it should be at the top of the threads . wtf i like it ! :D only problem is its a lot brighter than the last , i ... fave animal is the wolf http://jbxtaylorlautner.webs.com/wolf_pup.jpg next up is the dog http://www.adoodau.com/adpics/dc732bb6a143c2060e49f89de5273a0a.jpg and next is the chimp ... i would not be obvious re : dating . you know i like you if i want to spend the time to be your friend . if i ask a lot of questions instead of just chatting . if i chat about random crap instead of ... 1 ) enfps where their emotions on their sleeves when i feel emotionally charged i stay far away from people . i may pick who to share what with , some have a piece of the puzzle but noone will see ... swordsman of mana thank you for this post . made my day for some reason . u are clearly made of awesome . aceface that less than three thing ... woman ? lol i laughed i love you guys .. awww ... well it is portrayed on tv that the us runs on starbucks . i think they seem okay because they will have their morning cup after a shitty night's sleep . swish and repeat . but maybe it doesn't ... 3pm ? ? oh yes . its a problem . daily morning coffee wouldnt be a big deal but 3pm ? you are setting yourself up you know . here i am wondering how many cups you are on . your last cup huh ? dont get ... * rocks my socks ... geeez you got an enfp kid , wow yal must be real close . awesome post extreme nerves are controlled by becoming deadpan . loss of all outer emotions , expressions . flat , boring on the outside , volcanic eruption on the inside . if not , fidgeting , nervous diarrhoea ... ultimate - of dying unhappy other - of being controlled , of being tortured , of not completing my bucket list idk much about getting chores done and i am 22 yrs old . i can only tell you what didnt work for me . my mom used to make it seem as if i am not keeping my end of the bargain by not following her ... lol . i love how they look but i just get the feeling these dogs are high maintainance . and stink ! too . '