' now that you mention it ... yes ! i got my sister and ex to do one , but have tried to figure out the others on my own . mostly it's to be understood , but also so i can seem like i really understand them in a way they don't even ... this is more of an enxp thing , but ... you can be cuddling with someone whether your s . o . , and explaining in a cute voice things like how you remember where states are by ( c . o . w ( california , ... [ quote = laurenkl ; 3575741 ] . i also get very uncomfortable if others cry in front of me , and i never know what to do or say so i usually try to escape the situation and let others deal with it . i am ... i can be a bit of a cry baby . however , 90 % of the time i cry i am frustrated . i also cry when i am mentally exhausted , however , i wonder if i do this because as a child if i cried it got me out of ... what is your type , your career and three things you do well at your job and three things you don't do so well . mbti : enxp career : preschool and afterschool program director pros : big idea ... i am an enxp ( i think slightly more of a enfp - but just when i think i am an enfp i do something very obviously entp ) with my own negative emotions i tend to just let them run their course . i don't ... today was a total entp dealing with emotions moment . a co-worker had a huge fight with her fiance and was crying . my reaction was to change the subject and cheer her up . i told another co-worker , i ... my mom is an infp . and she and i can have great debates , but she is a much better talker than listener . she never listens to a word i say and doesn't care . in fact , if i talk about myself too much ... i am an enxp . i am comfortable showing my emotions , but mostly anger and anxiety . i don't mind discussing them and i have had a therapist for the sheer purporse of discussing my emotions . however , ... i am an enxp dad ( entp ) - we talk about all our unique ideas for hours , but he doesn't really need alone time so after a day with him i feel quite worn out . in his older age , 65 , he's gotten more ... my best friend and i have similar personalities and i thought we would test the same , but discovered we are not at all . he is an estp and i am an enfp . but then on closer review we realized i like ... i didn't miss them . i copied and pasted this . i would say that while boston area of mass is entj . western mass is isfp . hippies also seems they missed idaho . having lived in eastern oregon i would said idaho is infj i got this on another site . i don't agree with all of them , but thought it was a great conversation starter . what would your state's mbti be . i personally don't think my state , massachusetts is ... i am extremely p - almost all the way to the other end and i'm not inflexible by any means , but perhaps what i meant was she keeps options open . would a j change their major 7 times ? would a j ... no i don't think my friend is a j though she is conservative her thinking is not inflexible . if all conservatives were js , anyone who goes to a conservative church would be a j i definitely ... i have a sister and a boss who are esfj and both are very conservative in different ways . they are both overbearing , however , and give unsolicited advice . they are not very quirky , but my friend is ... i have found as an enxp female , that guys connected with me more than girls . one summer in my early 20s i worked at a camp where often the guys would take over the dining room on break days and kick ... oh yes ! i have gotten into eneagram . i believe 2,4 , 7 and 9 are most common . i am 7,4 , 9 . i have no idea what she is . i would say she has a 2 in her which i do not . my ex is an isfp male and i'm an enxp women . even though we aren't together , he is my soul mate . we get each other in a way that we have felt understood by few others . some of the positive things ... i am and enxp female and i am attracted to infp or isfp guys . maybe an infj i like a guy that is on the quieter side . i don't care if they are n / s i want a guy in touch with their ... i am enxp and i would say that while i do have a high sex drive , i am highly monogamous and will only sleep with someone i am postive that i am in love with . i guess i need to find myself an infj man . i would say i am definitely the agressor and perhaps cause i am not a strong t i am the one that cares for the emotional well being of the ... a lot of the enfp is me . wow ! you described me in a nut shell . i should say that one thing that is not very female about me is that i am always the aggressor in a relationship . i will call you . ask you to hang out . i am ... perhaps one of the things that's not very female about me is : - i don't want to have kids . i am a teacher , but i like my kids out the door at the end of the day . i am not very nurturing . i tend ... i am a female enxp . i think some of my more t qualities are : - i love to talk about strategy after i play a game . - i always have amazing ideas at work but never follow through . - i say ... a friend of mine and i are both enfp but very different in some maor ways though similiar could we really both be enfp . she is one of the niecest people you will ever meet . she is a stay at home ... they say enfp understand people really well , but i am an enxp and very socially awkward . i totally can understand where i messed up in retrospect - but can enfp be socially awkward ? and if so what ... those of you who know your iqs did you actually take it with a practitioner or are you trusting on-line results . while you can kind of trust , mbti online - such as i always get enfp except a few ... my isxp ex and i ( enxp ) had the same attitude toward sex so don't know if that's an mbti thing . we both find one night stands repulsive and lame . but with someone you love , it's amazing ! my x was mistyped as an infp . but the more i got to know him i realized he was definitely an s . he is extremely intelligent . aced the math portion of the sat without a calculator . and while ... i am an enxp , but some things i do that are very entp 1 . check the local news page on facebook not to find out what's going on in the world , but to get on the discussion board and debate people on ... i have adhd and i am an enxp . i think i would be more of a f and even an i if i wasn't so impulsive and had the attention to really care about others feelings . i'd say infp are more likely add ... definitely both were introverts and feelers . i would says art is more of an infp and paul is more of an infj daisy is without a doubt an infp . she is a quieter less outspoken version of me and i'm an enfp . i so relate to her . it's not a romantic relationship , but my little sister is a estj and i am an enfp . we are completely different . she gets to frustrated with the fact that i don't clean up after myself . i get ... do any other enfp and infp if you are reading this feel like you should have been around to enjoy another time period . for me i like the early 70 ' s - the period between hippie and disco . i love jim ... it's like feeling isolated in a tower and not being able to connect with anyone - you can't reach out and they don't see you . impractial ? he definitely has an anxiey disorder . i do too , however , but have been able to find my type though his is quite severe while mine is mild / moderate . most health related after having been ... i also agree that sickness and illness / restrictions get me down . i went through a very dark period because i was anxious about my health and people kept telling me to get over it , but it was ... he is my ex actually . i guess i am irresistable . he said that i seemed low maintenance ( which i'm not ) and he fell in love with my positive energy which he lacks completely and really liked ... yes . he isn't a very healthy whatever he is . i think if he relaxed he'd be more infp maybe even enfp . but he won't so he gets this must do . must go . though i am not so sure if he's e . he ... i usually tell people not to take me too seriously , but my family thinks of me as helpless and perhaps that is what bothers me more . they think because i am unorganized and hate being alone i can ... infj actually seems right when i looked up what infj are like . when i feel judged . when people don't take me seriously . when i feel alone . when i am beating myself up for saying something i said out of impulse when people break up with me - i nearly got ... people on news boards get mad at you because you insist they back up their opinions with fact and you keep posting link after link that proves your point . person 1 - women . 37 years old . she is an herbalist . she lives in vermont in a cabin . she used to live almost completely off the grid so she's very unique . she gets really defensive when people ... as a child was definitely an infp . i was a cuddle bug with a vivid imagination . i loved reading with mommy every night . i also thought i was god of invisible people - or at least pretended ... '