' i really like languages too and that's why i've taken french and spanish for two years in my high school . meanwhile my peers think i'm insane . * silently hopes for some enfps * i love ouran . tamaki <3 cracks me up . hello people i'm joining this ! i made a song in my head when i was thinking of english , it goes : themes themes themes ... 7w8 ... i'll stand up to anyone . like this one giant who bullied me , i stood up to him until he joined the army-freshman year in high school - he was a idiot who looked like he could snap me in ... to do charity work in costa rica . for the rest of my life . this last week was pure heaven . an esfp friend of mine holds grudges like no other . enfps are forgiving people in general . ( unbiased ) a half lucid dream that i went to harry potter world and got a wand ! ! ! i was just about bursting with excitement ! :) ) ) ! or a pygmy puff . chemelions change color because of temperature , not environment . i don't know how to spell chemellions . so much yes . everybody thinks i care about them . and their problems and etc . i'm the bucket for their issues-vomit . when some find out i don't , they're really offended for some reason . i don't feel ... ... want a typewriter hii ! i love your name welcome welcome ! how're you today ? ! my best friend , since we were babies , is an isfp . i'm still trying to understand her . my little brother is one also , and they are both warm , shy , sensitive , misunderstood people . they tolerate ... something - the beatles that is absurdly cute . i know what thats like , but it hasn't happened very often to me . i never have been too close with my fellow lovely intuitives , as much as i'd like too . its such a sweet ... its simply put , a mindsplosion . i've been out of school sick for a month so , yes my new glasses y'all . i dreamed last night that i was on a bus to my grandmas house , with a bunch of famous british youtubers . and then one of them and i went into my grandmas new house , and she must've remarried rich , ... hellooo ! how're you doing ? take their coffee away . curiosity killed the cat . i'm curious at everything . plus cats have nine lives duh . i like yew . where do you find the enfps ? surprise roadtrip ! laughs , good music etc . < <3 33 x3 http://i1.ytimg.com/vi/0yEVbGE0xk4/mqdefault.jpg i work at the coolest place on earth , lush , and what this is ... is a moisturising bar you massage / rub onto your skin that smells amazing and it ... i have issues with all that as well . i know how you feel . last year was terrible , in that way . you can pm me if you want :) hmm . enfps are pretty much in the middle . have you taken the test ? do you act before you think or think before you act ? you're probably enfp i would say . if you get your energy from being with peoples , yes . if you get energy from spending time by yourself a lot then you're intraverted . i like spending time to myself ... i see , but still getting to know yourself and accepting yourself will help . by the way , did you drew your avatar ? it's not bad . [ / quote ] hmm , yes . and i did draw it , thanks ! meee well ... shall we ? if you need to , i am most definitely here . > > we shall ! > what do you mean by overidentify ? feeling like you are so very responsible for their feelings and well-being , as ... all that you said is so true for me too ! but my enfj friend thinks he's really wise . ( i'm the only on who can see through that and i can tell he's just a normalish highschool kid like me ) i'm ... i regret you feel down . * hug * have you talked it out anywhere ? if so , i missed it - but don't want to . don't overidentify with your friends - true friends will also try to carry you and help you ... a little secret abut life ... shhh : don't tell anyone : you're not supposed to know what you're doing ... that's the great thing about it ... those with all the answers know the least in the ... that's how enfps look , confident and comfortable because we talk as if we were . we don't tent to hide our feelings , but we don't scream it out loud like other f types might do . being a teenager , it's ... ( im a teenager ) and i'm scared for my friends because they've told me you're so confident . and you feel comfortable in your own skin . 0_o no .. i'm so uncomfortable with where i am right now and ... sometimes i just look at life and that thought expands bigger and bigger and bigger and i'm just left going like o_0 ahhhwahhhtawah ! ? ~ its pretty crazy . i started doing this when i was seven , ... ferris bueler :D hulloo ! welcome ! what's your favorite song ? you mean there is more than 1 ? i am so not going to sleep there . in the upper right corner on top of your pink cabinet is a black spider shaped creature thingy . [ / quote ] oh hahaha that is ... what's up with the giant tarantula on your cabinet ? xd [ / quote ] which tarantula are you referring to ? stripes and too many music players ! you and dada ? [ / quote ] les misérables [ / quote ] x3 you and dada ? [ / quote ] les misérables my room . woops . i'll take a picture of it in the morning .. dear anonymous , stop assigning me math homework . i'm not going to do it . love , nat '