' when did you have your first boyfriend / girlfriend ? when did you lose your virginity ? what do you do to build up confidence ? ? i think you intjs know what i mean . we can be nice . we would accept other people's beliefs without analyzing them . we would be social , without hating small talk . we wouldn't hate humanity . but ... maybe i'm wrong , but i agree that you need some creativity , a very small amount though . you make a website perform better , you get an idea on how to solve some bug , but at the end of the day , you ... maybe i'm wrong , but i agree that you need some creativity , a very small amount though . you make a website perform better , you get an idea on how to solve some bug , but at the end of the day , you ... well , i agree . but i would prefer teaching at some university or studying math or physics rather than having a repetitive job , be it an it job ( no offence ) . well , that's what i'm afraid of . i don't want to have unrealistic expectations . i also used to dream that i will get rich by creating some cool software or website or something . now i realize that ... actually , i like coding . but i'm not so sure that i would like having a job as a computer programmer . even if i were to be a software developer , would i actually invent something like totally new ? ... nowadays this field grows day by day . it seems like a good amount of youngsters are looking forward to a job as a computer programmer . maybe they make these visions that they will be the next ... which one do you find more important ? of course , both are important . we can't really tell which one is more important . but i'm just curious about how do you feel about this right now ( like from ... well , honestly , i think that many of those people that got good grades , were healthy , had a social life , didn't go to therapy nor did they worry as much . that's what i meant . maybe in the long run , i ... json 221 can you help me with some tips about meditating ? how did you start meditating ? sometimes i wonder why i have problems that need to be solved before doing anything productive . i look at others that work hard , wheter academically or physically ( losing ... how do i stop doing it ? i expect some of you to say : your lack of interest in a certain subject causes this . find something you enjoy doing . but the problem really isn't finding something ... what do you mean by more fun ? how would you explain se in your own words ? maybe i shouldn't worry . but i don't like to see others succeed constantly . i will not believe that they never waste time on the internet like i do , but i can't deny that they are always prepared for ... highly probable . maybe i shouldn't worry . i post this here because i request your advice entj people ! :p roud : the last few months i've been feeling very hyper . i think it is te . i feel very sociable , confident , even authoritarian and ... well thank you ! i rarely find a motivational speech that is actually motivational . i hate it when people shout at me to do this and do that , and still wonder why i am not motivated . because i ... i think my problem is not that i am the way i am , but the fact that i really hate myself . i feel like i am not normal . i wonder how normal people can read a book silenlty , without thinking about ... i already read various descriptions of these functions . but i don't really understand them . could you give me some real life examples of these functions in action ? i am pretty sure that i use fi and te . but i am not sure about the rest . i don't know if i am intj or infp . i don't open up to a lot of people . but i am not sure if i have tertiary fi . i ... i came to the conclusion that i live too much inside my head . all the time i keep thinking about some hypothetical future scenarios . like i imagine myself ten years from now , being rich . and ... would exercise , good sleep habits , good diet help your mental state ? like concentrating better ? and don't you hate yourself when this happens ? don't you wish you were normal and could concentrate normally ? or maybe such a thing doesn't even exist . however , i see so many people that study ... ok , then what about reading a physics lesson or a math lesson . you don't skim . but when i do math problems for example , i get the same feeling of not concentrating just like when i read . it also ... many times when i read a book i realize that i didn't actually fully understood the last page i just read . it also happens during movies . i think it's pretty usual . how do you cope with that ? i ... i'm pretty sure i am intj , because i have that leave me alone attitude at times . and i anger some of my friends ( that use fe , i guess ) when i tell them that everything is ok , although ... i would preffer you to explain the differences with some real examples , not with theoretical wikipedia jungian definitions . thanks ! i've had my musical periods during my teenage years . i used to listen to metal like system of a down , korn . at some point i discovered radiohead , and i know it may sound cliche , but it really ... i'm usually introverted . i listen to music , i read . but after some time , i feel lonely . i want someone to love . when this need is strong enough , i feel like i got a lot of energy , waiting to be ... could you elaborate please ? i mean i get it , but what exactly of our nt nature would screw up a relationship ? did you have some bad experiences ? we kind of connected emotionally some time ago . we talked and she would tell me about personal things , like insecurities or other personal matters . but , back then , i renounced , because she wasn't ... well i thought i would do that after i would tell her . i don't know . i think it's important to let her know that i'm not such a bad , cold guy . i want her to know that sometimes , although i seemed to ... sorry for double post . i don't know how to delete my post . well , my first contact with her was a few months ago . but it wasn't continuous . at some point i ignored her , and i wanted to erase her from my mind . but , after some time , i started talking to her ... well , my first contact with her was a few months ago . but it wasn't continuous . at some point i ignored her , and i wanted to erase her from my mind . but , after some time , i started talking again , ... confessing your love to someone is a bit tricky to me . there is someone i genuinely love . this person knows that i'm interested , generally . i don't know if she still thinks that . and that's ... first of all , i feel that this thread is a bit unfitting , since i'm basically asking for dating advice on perc . but , i seek help , and i know that this forum is very supportive . so there is this ... well i see her only 5 days a week . so that's why . you are right . maybe i should calm down . but to me , a week seems so much time . i don't want to lose her to someone else . now , the reason behind ... you are right , but now i really feel bad for asking her out . i feel like i ruined everything . on the other hand , i just wanted to see her again , that's why i asked her out . she's also very shy ... ok . maybe not all isfps could relate . maybe this matter is not mbti related . but i am confused . i started texting this isfp some days ago . i'm pretty sure she likes me and liked me for the past ... well , i have the opportunity to speak 5 days a week , in breaks . there are not activities in common , so i guess that if we are going to do something together , it will be a date . but i'm not sure ... yes , i know , i reposted this from the isfp section : u200b so there was this isfp who was interested in an intp . the isfp was trying to start some conversations , but the intp was going through a ... first , although i appreciate your help ( and that you took the time to write such an ample reply ) , i will try anyway . i'm pretty young , and i've been lonely for too long . i don't mind throwing myself ... so there was this isfp who was interested in an intp . the isfp was trying to start some conversations , but the intp was going through a depression , and love was the last thing he was interested ... you kind of like a person and you believe that this person can understand you and will care for you in some special way that is different from friendship , so you want to get to know this person ... actually i wanted to know how does an intp show love to an isfp if he / she is not already dating him / her . yeah , so the title kind of says everything . i don't expect this question to be answered perfectly , because there are lots of situations . but i'm curious about your similar experiences . who can be the last one to post on this thread ? maybe somebody you have never heard of . '