implying animals don't have feelings , what kind of fe type are you . still better than a world of only entjs . because feelings are for the weak . an infp calling other people emotional wrecks ... virtually useless because my letter by letter and cognitive function types are different . letter by letter i'm an intp but cognitive functions wise i'm an infj . istj - you're not ready for the real world . this exercise says more about the typers than about the names themselves change for dummies - istj reality for dummies - infp pregnancy prevention for dummies - esfp awareness for dummies - infj personal hygiene for dummies - intp emotions for dummies - intj empathy for ... i think its either istp or intj . ... and if you criticize an infp they burst into tears . entps can't fix anything . he's smarter than most people think , he knows how to use the media . i'd say the reason he's gaining so much support is because of how different from the other candidates he is because most people are ... what would an entp know of boredom ? i'm an intp , but i'm turbulent so i'll criticize your assertive . assertives are boring . another example of entp infighting . ti tends to do that to you . the intp is not as experienced with confusion as the esfp . lol , you made the who cares your signature . shrek is an istj . shrek = life , shrek = istj therefore istj are life . what is life ? your attempt at a criticism is entertaining . i guess that's why they call you the entertainers . intj = type most likely to break the fourth wall of reality boring people are deeper than they appear . my source = the internet as if an n type would observe anything . introverts are normally better writers , whereas extroverts are likely to be more eloquent speakers . the entp's infighting again ... extroversion really is a crippling attribute . the problem is simply not written clearly . when was the last time an entp kept a promise they made ? wait until the situation is desperate and then find the easiest way to complete the task . go make a plan intj . father - intj mother - esfp 1st child - intp 2nd child - infj cause an isfp needs compliments from everyone around them to function . i wonder how an esfp would do in court . in my experience , ne , ti , fi , and se seem to make someone seem younger than their actual age , while ni , te , fe and si makes someone seem older than their actual age . the entj is considered the best match for the infp , not the intp . the fact that you did not know this demonstrates the oblivious nature of the infp . lol , an infp talking about giving commands . dad : intj mom : esfp me : intp simply money for everyone . the rectangle's confused face represents how i feel when someone asks me a question . i think introverts will become more common because of the internet . just like the estj are jealous of the entj . i read on the entp forums that they are planning to invade the infj forum . being the introverted variant of the entp , we should also attempt to invade another type . the only question that remains is , ... i think you're an ni type , probably intj or entj . i think you're an isfj . based on your posts , you seem to be overtly sensitive , which indicates that you're an fe type . the difference between this and an fi type is that an fi type would not show ... i love how everyone was too lazy to rant after the op . favorite intj . least favorite esxj . daydream about something , it helps . on the other hand , there is the infp , averaging about 3.7 words per day . says the entp . isfj type most likely to have conceived this thread .