' iei , perhaps . tmlt have the most difficult time getting over something / letting go ? ese ? ? ? tmlt to read into everything ? 665954 are these ni eyes ? entjs are far worse . : laughing : i used to be like this , too . i still try to understand where people are coming from . but i think it's resulted in me giving people way more credit than they deserve and trying to help people who ... this is an old thread , but it caught my attention . it's interesting , i once jokingly called an estp evil and he seemed really cut up about it . in fact , he seemed a lot more sensitive and vulnerable ... i think it's fi and zoning out / daydreaming ... people often say i look drugged out because of my contemplative nature and tendency to pause and reflect . i am usually only half aware of how i look ... very little tolerance for stupidity and people who lack self-awareness ... especially when you know they know better . i used to ignore it , but now i just snap at stupidity and i don't give two shits ... i've got a couple of laughs 1 . the genuine hearty laugh which generally makes other people laugh 2 . the loud , ditzy fake laugh reserved for the person i adore even if their joke is stupid ... sometimes . i only like half aware of what's going on in the real world most of the time . why do i insist on treading into the devil's lair ? always putting myself into situations i know i shouldn't . is love just two people bouncing off each other's crazy ? is everyone just crazy , but some people are your type of crazy ? is that how it all works ? hello friends ! ! right , okay , so , granted it'd be a lot easier if i just straight out asked my estp buddy this as opposed to resorting to personality forums ... but considering i'm a shy lil ' , ... insecure people who use you and make unwarranted claims to validate themselves and their shortcomings are a menace to society . and my sanity . : sad : people who make you resort to lying about your wellbeing because they just won ’ t shut up and exaggerating everything you say in order to validate their own emotions . like i get it , they too have ... i feel lost and numb . like i don't know who i am anymore or what i feel or why i feel it . i have all these people around me , who don't understand me , giving me unsolicited advice about things i ... my cousin has told me a couple of creepy stories and he's probably one of the most rational people i know , so it was odd hearing from him that he truly believes in them . to this day , i'm not sure if ... met an estp . he's incredibly attractive and he knows it . he's charming , intelligent and impulsive - gives off sociopath vibes , but i know for a fact he's not and he just likes playing that card for ... anxious and lonely . i've come to terms with the fact that no matter what i do i will always be an anxious and depressive person . that these thoughts will seep into my mind , i just need to find a ... i'm only organised ( to a fault , too ) when it comes to dealing with other people and the external world in general . because i don't have any control over the external world , i tend to put effort in ... yeah , it was really hard to narrow that listen down : laughing : i have plenty more on the foreign film list . don't diss terminator 2 ! it's the best blockbuster of all time . not terminator , not ... hello fellow infps ! anyone else experience the kind of anxiety that results in venting and word vomit ? like i'll start blurting out random thoughts / feelings to my friends and then wish i hadn't ... 1 . donnie darko 2 . nightcrawler 3 . the orphanage 4 . pan's labyrinth 5 . terminator 2 6 . american history x 7 . the boondock saints 8 . true romance 9 . coherence 10 . sunshine stuff like this . i'm into plaid , knit caps , parkas ... i alternate between three pairs of shoes : doc martens , chuck taylors and birkenstock sandals . intp - highly intelligent , insightful , cute and punny . entp - witty , funny and hyper . they're the computer nerds who also know how to party hard . intj - quiet , smart , wise , cold and organised ... i've been surrounded by nts my whole life . my longest and most meaningful relationship was with an nt . i loved him very much , but he couldn't cater to me emotionally . we're better off friends .  ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EMfNB3fakB8 yeah , groups are tricky . i don't do well in crowds either , especially when conversations are forced . when i'm having a one on one with someone i've instantly clicked with , i often fool them into ... i'm not a practical person , but i can be when i have to be . i also have a strong moral compass that i will always stick by . but i'm not interested in taking life seriously . i laugh my way through ... they're solo , indie artists from melbourne , australia . they came together and made an excellent album called ' cocoon ' , which is where the song ' muddy ' is from .  ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7WBP3Cvx5BM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H-mO8w1Gjm8 yeah , this would happen to me all the time when i was younger . it never really bothered me , though . just figured it was because i'm cool as hell . i find swearing to be somewhat of a release . but i don't do it often or unnecessarily . 255 . i only talk to 6 of them closely , about a dozen are family members and the rest are people i've met working , at uni or from high school , who i for the most part don't even interact with anymore . i'm listening to slint as i type this . i love shoegaze , post rock and dream pop . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ylunl72PyE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RBtlPT23PTM ... yes , but i've toned it down a lot . i don't really force anyone to do anything though , i just shamelessly plug . plus , i don't share it with just anyone , i share it with people i know it will leave an ... i don't care . tired . i'm so tired . a lot of the news seems like a distraction , tbh . but i do follow it and yeah , it wears me out a lot . but i've never actually learnt anything from the news . understanding history and having background ... sometimes i feel as though my intj best friend goes out of her way to make everything an argument . she's deadset on being right and winning at everything . she nitpicks at the things i say , goes on ... never done it , but would if it came to it . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a98XSKyE6SU high school was okay . had a couple of best friends who are still my friends to this day . i never really fit in anywhere , though . moved around groups a lot and made friends with everyone . was either ... hello enfps ! so , i've fallen for one of you . hard . the problem is i have a professional relationship with this guy , so i have done everything in my willpower to repress my feelings and not make it ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rLxdjFuTZcA numb http://i.imgur.com/G4uwvB3.png https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uQ1AO-d8M3U i go to do something , pause in thought for several seconds , snap out of it and forget what i was going to do . people say something and i'm like huh ? what ? or their words register several seconds ... i tolerated a childhood friend's shit for so long that i ended up hating her in the end . it's draining as hell . but i've been conditioned to cringe at the mere mention of her name . her presence was ... '