' i don't recall door slamming anyone from my life . i kind of door slammed my ex the last time we tried to talk , but if she tries to come back i'm not sure if i'm cold / strong enough to ignore her . ... sorry but do you really think that if someone is a last born they'll have something in common with you ? if someone's parents are not first born then they cannot have anything in common with you ? ... our dominant function ( ni ) is a perceiving function . the stronger your ni is the more perceiving traits you'll have . i always test as infp in those online mbti test because the strenght of my ni ... hahahaha , this thread is so funny . i'm an infj and my mother is an enfp and i have trouble dealing with her extroversion since i was a child . i'm extremely calm and she is the only person that can ... i usually listen to classical music when i'm reading . if there is no background music i get lost in my thoughts and if there is a background music with lyrics i get lost in the lyrics . classical ... i have phobia of geckos . i can't put what i feel into words , i simply cannot be near geckos . i'm also an infj having trouble choosing a career . i loved physics at highschool and i never had any problems with math , so i thought i would be a good engineer . i have never been so wrong . i started ... i wanna hear that explanation mostly to satisfy my curiosity . i would like to be a clinical psychologist in the early years of my career so i can help people out , but after i get some experience i want to teach psychology at ... the problem for me is that i don't have one big desire , i have two conflicting ones . i'm currently studying naval engineering and my two desires are : live abroad ( 1 ) and study psychology ( 2 ) .  ... 1 . supernatural ( seasons 1 - 5 , after season 5 it's a shitty show ) . 2 . dr . house 3 . the mentalist 4 . dexter 5 . breaking bad comedy shows : 1 . community 2 . friends my ex-girlfriend is an intp . i could see it in her eyes that she was trying to figure me out and i'm sure that her curiosity is what kept our relationship going . eventually she gave up and broke up ... a few months after i've moved out of my parents house i started feeling homesick . i smoked a joint on my own , layed on the floor , looked out of the window and started crying . after i was done with it ... i have two tattoos which i don't like anymore . i got them when i was really young and stupid , but i do not regret it . i've grown a lot because of them and i can say for sure that they've made me a ... i can relate to that . i'm currently studying naval engineering in university and i think i could easily get into the marine here in my country . i would do it for the safety i would feel though , ... i enjoy being an infj , but if i had to choose another type i'd probably pick isfp or esfj . hell yes . i've been observing and analyzing this behavior of mine for a while now , but i was not sure if this was an infj things . i can connect deeply with everyone in my circle of friends when ... i question my sanity on a regular basis since i was a kid . when i was in third grade i used to question if i was the only real person and everyone else was just an illusion from my head . i also ... what would the world be without books ? thanks for your post , but is it really worth watching l . a . shrinks ? http://i.imgur.com/smHjEN6.png nobody ever told me i have big eyes . i consider them to be average size and they're blue . a little bit bluer than the eyes in the post above mine . the simplest way to know if you're an infj is to ask yourself these 3 simple questions : 1 . do you use fe ? if so , move to the next question . 2 . are you an introvert ? if so , move to the next ... i'm not an experienced meditator or anything like that , but try to meditate 2-3 times a week . the hardest part about meditating is to stop whatever it is that you're doing to sit there and ... i don't like generalizations , so i will speak for myself . usually i'm not evil at all , but if you manage to piss me off ( it's really hard ) then i will become the most evil motherf * cker you've ever ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Sf7dgGCprHc my favourite band . their lyrics are insanely good , i wish you all could understand it ( it's in portuguese : sad :) you have to understand that you are the one who gives meaning to your own life . i know how hard it is , i've been there , and the key to finding the motivation necessary to go farther is to do it for ... i took the test again to answer you and got : e 26 % - - - 74 % i s 16 % - - - 84 % n t 42 % - - - 58 % f j 42 % - - - 58 % p - you have 16 types to choose from . step 1 : determine if you use fe or fi . those are the easiest functions to spot and you can rule out 8 types . - you now have 8 types to choose from step 2 : ... is that that for me ? if it is , mention my name or quote my post next time so i can see the message quicker . yes , i'm from brazil :P don't fall for that . the only way you can find someone that's really worth being with is if you are happy alone . be the best self you can , follow your gut instincts and happiness will come with ... oi , também vou te responder em inglês porque é mais fácil pra mim . when i was 14 my dad got promoted and had to move city . we were over a thousand km away from the rest of my family and i did not ... my intp ex used to reward me with sex when i did nice things for her , like going out with her friends : laughing : a quick tip that i learned in the book i posted earlier is to determine if someone uses fe or fi . these are the easiest cognitive functions to spot and if you can determine which one a person uses , ... that's not what i meant at all . i believe women have the same right to sleep with someone on the first date as men ( except my sister , she can't do that ) . what i meant is that i see first date sex ... okay , i wrote this on notepad before reading the answers . the desert i see has no end . everywhere i look is sand and there is a small oasis in front of me ( a small lake and a coconut ... you don't know who i am if it's a first date with a person i already know well , it's a completly different story . i would definitely go for sex in this scenario . i know not wanting to have sex in the first date says a ... i've never met another infj in real life , but here at perc i do feel some sort of connection with nearly everyone on this subforum :) thank you very much effy . i guess this is what i wanted / needed to hear :/ ps : skins is an awesome show :) when i first started having sex i was extremely insecure . the first couple times were awful , my luck was that my girlfriend at the time was very insecure too so we both laughed after . i like to ... it's kind of a confusing story ... three months after we started dating i had to move out to another city to go to university . surprisingly , out relationship actually got better . i guess she ... any tips for an infj trying to get back with his intp ex-girlfriend ? yes , really . i wouldn't want a serious relationship with someone who slept with me on the first date . i would not even try to sleep with you on the first date if i wanted something serious . there is a book called the art of speedreading people : how to seize people up and speak their language . it explains mbti typology in general , help you spot clues to identify someone's type and ... sonic youth is my favourite band and evol was the first album of them i heard . dream job : clinical psychologist and writter ( yes , both ) currently studying : engineering the title of this thread describes my life . my ex-girlfriend ( intp ) says i'm over dramatic : laughing : i like to put little i love you notes in her purse when she's not looking , i always pick up flowers on the street for her when we're ... 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? i've considered suicide my whole life . there was a time where i considered it on a daily basis . it's not like that anymore , but i still think about it every once ... yesterday i had a fight with the girl i love and she told me she hated me . at night i decided to go out with some friends and get drunk to forget her . i got robbed by 8 guys on my way to the bar ... '