' learning to drive oscillated between my mom having nearly nervous breakdowns teaching me while i drove , overexplaining everything , giving way too much detail , and just in general , being really ... dear undertale run , mwahahahahaha . you're all going to die :) finally getting around to doing that genocide run . http://i.imgur.com/ACXpNSs.jpg this reminded me of strong fi users ... good lord . http://i.imgur.com/xdf9y9P.png does portal count ? liberals want laws passed which spend everyone else's money . conservatives want laws passed which steal everyone else's money . libertarians just kinda sit in the back eating popcorn watching the ... i don't need to invent a 100w laser , they already exist . the other issue is the exponential loss over distance . if i had to guess , it'd only be good at a traffic stop . 100w diodes that are persistent ... it's not my prerogative , but if someone doesn't feel they are qualified or are uncomfortable talking about it , say that . not some bullshit , call a hotline right now , people care ! those are baseless ... because mellow was a freak who had no chance of being even half-considered l's successor , and near was a wanna-be acting l with the knowledge of a demi-god just magically being prepared for ... my thing is that anytime i've been in that headspace , the only bullshit i hear people spout is call a hotline which is usually short for i don't want to talk to you about it , call someone who ... ee in tee pee pretty hopeless tbh . i'm getting sick of everything and don't really see any reliably useful path forward . i can't stagnate forever but there's no forward i can reliably see . because whether they actually are or arn't , no one intends to call a hotline . if you're not , you don't actually need help so you'd not call , if you legitimately were , why call a place to try to talk ... either one depending on the rest ? i don't really think i have a preference . the eyes though ... blue or green . stop telling suicidal people to ' call a hotline ' . if they're actually suicidal , they either want someone other than a bullshit phone representative to try to help them ( because nice words can't ... am i the only one who feels like the second half of death note was meh compared to the first ? aside from the vague answer , doctor who , what compelled your username ? most of the trans community shoots themselves in the foot by being too accepting . the concepts of gender being entirely a social construct is a joke , and saying gender identity is merely a choice is ... so ... heart of thorns expansion comes out the 23rd and i'm fangirling hardcore after playing the beta . it's going to be all kinds of silly fun and i can't wait for it . ^ ^ anyone else play / heard of ... i ... feel slightly outclassed . xd i can do cakes , cookies , cupcakes , hell , if you'd like , i could do a giant cake-sized cupcake with various ideas of frosting depending on preference ( it's one of the ... when you get stuck behind a car with a handicap sticker going congress-passing-bills levels of speed and you angrily say , of course you're handicapped , from the looks of it , physically isn't the ... bring the alcohol and i'll bring the baked goods . : tongue : it's perfect . : laughing : : wink : humor forged in the mines of droknar with only the sharpest jokes found from working in it and reading / r / trollxchromosomes and / r / tumblrinaction oh , so you're marginalizing me emotions now , huh ? i express my ( entirely valid and extreme ) dissatisfaction with what you're doing right now and you tell me to ' stop whining ' ? excuse me ? i could have ... i'm extremely upset by how discriminatory you're being right now . why would you purposely exclude other types , even as a joke ? you know they don't have the emotional stability to handle that kind of ... entps only ? what kind of moron wants that ? i'm the only one that matters . very dark humor makes me laugh , i can't help it . me at work : err , your printer isn't working . those things are possessed i swear . gimme a sec to get my chalk , candles , and a few orphans , this ... logic : there's no proof magic exists ! * breaks down any attempt to explain magic into scientific terms * emotional / ne side : but do you have any idea how awesome it'd be if it were though ? maybe we ... no , you stated your opinion that you can't , it's a value-based judgement so there's not a logical way to prove which one is ' right ' . different moral values would yield different responses to that ... i believe that falls into an ethics argument on : if you mislead someone and something bad occurs because of it , does whether you intended it define if you did something wrong ? but what if you start talking about x when you were mistaken and it legitimately is y ? would that not mislead every person you talked to ? isn't that the equivalent of lying ? what if one person ... but what if red is blue for someone else ? what if red is scarlet ? what if red is something entirely different due to our limitations of sight ? do we always measure light based on frequency and not a ... when in doubt when it comes to being trans , if you're really seriously uncertain , i always suggest a psychologist with experience in these things to help you sort things out . maybe you just have ... i'm trans and i side with / r / tumblrinaction 98 % of the time . there's a difference between supporting a cause to not oppress people and getting off on slamming everyone you meet against the head with ... 5 ' 11 f i'd just like to correct this . for what it's worth , when you're trans , it's not this loud echoing explosion of , you're actually a girl in your head . it's a huge series of lots of different feelings ... oh god , don't ever let cogiati determine anything for you . that thing is the spawn of evil and inaccurate in sooo many ways . sexuality is something you figure out , gender is something that just ... it kinda depends . as weird as it sounds , i find lesbian women to be easier to get along with . they have more of a masculine directness while still being relateable ? i don't know what it is exactly ... the few intjs i've met can be a bit intimidating . they're a lot colder , direct , and i can't follow their train of thought like i can an intp . it's just this is right and when i try to debate , i ... yeah , i posted in the you know you're entp when forum with a troll i did , unfortunately despite all the blatant stupidity ? everyone not only thought i was serious , some even agree with my points ... being able to troll is such an art . i have to walk such a fine line when doing so with people between saying what makes sense and saying what's obviously stupid . if i go too far and say things which ... here's a response i got back . he really took the entire conversation very seriously . when you post this gem in another forum and people actually take it seriously and have actual discussion on the issue . : shocked : i'm both amused and mortified for the future of the human species . ; _ ; i was actually looking forward to the pink . when someone texts you with the wrong number and the conversation goes like this : her : mr . b i hope your dental surgery went well . caden mentioned you were out bc of it . i know that's not fun ! ... i love lamp . when conversations between you and your friends go a little something like this : warning : nsfw me : your mom her : how old are you again ? you're such a dildo ( i really need to work on my ... my bf is very likely intp . i'm a little more spastic / silly than he is but we get along really well . he's good at calming me down and making me think when i get emotional and one of the few people who ... i'd argue that what is rational is to not believe something unless there is something to back it . since there is an infinite list of possibilities that could be true , believing something true until ... '