' thank you , eaf . for me , it would be much less gut-wrenching if i could check the gross misconduct box instead of the failure to perform box . unfortunately , i've never fired someone i didn't ... there is the cold logic of thinking . you say lousy employee . i say human being who means well and has a family to feed . lousy is a gross oversimplification of the real life case , but gross ... thank you for restoring a tiny bit of the faith i lost faith in mbti-ish models . assuming you really are intj ( nitefise ) and i really am infj ( nifetise ) , the radical difference in our reactions to ... what is worse : the pain or the anticipation ? suppose that your server had held a gun to your head and demanded that you smash your poor toe into the table leg ? be sure you break it the first time . ... i really ought to stop thinking about how much i hate the task in front of me and get on with it . instead , i'm staring into space , sharpening pencils , and composing my first perc post in months . ... that's an insightful question . thank you for asking it . as a human being , i find that emotion gets tangled up with every part of my cognitive makeup . it's why i frequently experience mirth ... porn stars ? is that a kind of breakfast cereal ? intjs because they're intense , especially the young ones before they develop fi . but seriously , the model is about cognitive patterns . i don't think that intensity has anything to do with it . oh , i'm getting so confused . the more i read this stuff the more it looks like the way most of us see the t / f dichotomy has nothing in common with jung . for example , here is what he wrote about ... thanks for mentioning me . would you believe i've never seen the television show ? i can't comment on the main topic , but i will weigh in on the general question about introverted and extraverted ... my first logic instructor was an atheist , not your run-of-the-mill god-denier , but the hard-core kind who trembled and frothed at the mouth whenever the subject happened to come up . that turned out ... what ttd 187 said . i'm picking up a pretty distinctive vibe from you but i'd rather withhold judgment for a while . you can pick any one of the three questionnaires and post your answers here . ... the fedex guy must have missed you . no . i'm making a joke - - and commenting on the lemonade that someone must have spiked . is there any logical reasoning or evidence behind your lack of verbs ? if we were all in the same physical location , i'd suggest that there was something in the ventilation system . what is the ... by the book ( gifts differing by isabel myers ) , intj and istj differ by more than just one little letter . they have opposite dominant functions . dominant what ? you ask . the psychological model ... this is my first time walking through someone's 2.0 questionnaire , so it will be an adventure for both of us . i will attempt to do the same thing i've done with spades's ( 1.0 ? ) questionnaire . ... yes , and contrary to popular belief , the libido energy always comes from within and is then directed either outward ( extraversion ) or back inward ( introversion ) . lexicon of jungian terms | new ... fu-kim grand palace - closed - midtown - houston , tx takefuku - torrance , ca - daily breeze truth is stranger than fiction i came across aaron caycedo-kimura's infj cartoons today . this one hit a little too close to home : 72414 more here : infjoe | i'm an infj joe amid extroverts , sensors , thinkers , and ... reckful is a sage ( or maybe a soothsayer or very lucky ) . i'd like to believe he's a sage . today , one of my co-workers whom i have pegged as an istj refused to see what was in front of him and ... si in someone else is just a difference that i'm learning to appreciate . in fact , i can see an ongoing pattern in my professional life where an istj shows up and keeps the trains running on time . ... it could leave mbti enthusiasts with egg on their faces by failing to show any correlation between the test results and the opinions of experts . it sounds like this outcome would suit you just fine . well , there's this set ...   ... and then this one in the middle of one of their routines , lou costello stopped short and asked bud abbott , what page are you on ? it does feel like that around here . abbott replied , nevermind what page i'm ... if i were a typing robot and had no input other than this test result , i would say you're an intp ( tinesife ) . why ? because your preference for ti over te is clear , but your preference for ni over ne ... your obsession with this stuff reminds me of myself about six months ago , after an mbti expert told me that i couldn't possibly be an intj because my thinking was introverted . ti just won't let ... nonyabiznuz , if you're not really an intp , you do an excellent job of playing one . for me , the most striking difference between infj and intp isn't warm vs . cold . it's the attitude of the ... sure . :p roud : this is one of those situations where live , in-person communication would have been so much more effective . i wasn't offended and i hope you aren't either . i see it as ... , i was referring specifically to your characterization of the t / f dichotomy , not to your entire post . you did a fine job of illustrating jung's principle that embracing one function ... there may be some tension here between jung and the mbti here , so your answer could depend on which model you're using . as far as i know , jung did not use the where you get your energy language or ... and if you resonate with trajan 117 ' s characterization of the f / t dichotomy , then you're almost certainly a t type . ditto ! the nf idealist bucket comes from keirsey's temperament model which is only superficially similar to the mbti . by the mbti , i'm an infj . by keirsey , i'm an nt rational . i'm not on the ... you don't believe in statistical sampling ? i do share your concern about the perfectly ' typed ' part . i'm becoming increasingly convinced that there are systematic errors in the test results which ... i may sound like a jung / mbti expert in some other threads , but that's only because i did a pretty intensive research project about six months ago . in reality , i'm still a newbie feeling his way ... would you please try acerbusvenator's http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/145423-questionnaire-2-0-a.html ? i'd like to try it out . we'll all learn something . post your answers ... couldbeworse , check this thead out : http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/93074-misconceptions-tertiary-function.html i'll write about my personal ti journey a little later , but i ... couldbeworse , i appreciate your desire to learn . sort of , but it's immediate and primitive , like the orange ! in your response to the second picture . there is no deliberation . there is no ... watch key phone , that was the most cogent definition of cognitive function i have seen here . thank you . bunnychi 3 , i'm the one who should apologize . i still owe you the rest of the response i started three days ago . i'm going through a stressful time in real life and find it difficult to catch a free ... of course you can invent your own model . you can have 42 functions and arrange them any way you'd like . if you're interested in applying jung's model ( or some variation like the mbti ) , te and ti ... i still don't buy it . mind you , i'm not the one who needs to be sold . nevertheless , your post about ni dominance is not about ni at all . ni is an irrational function . it's a constant stream of ... i almost left this one hanging . remember that cognitive functions are not skills . anyone can be good at math , or even enjoy it . i know an infp with a ph . d in chemical engineering who can ... that's the definition of the word and therefore a tautology like all bachelors are unmarried , and yet it's not obvious . what does that say about us ? addendum : i'd also seriously consider esfj ( fesineti ) . my case for se was weak , and there was no ni to be seen . maybe the weak se is actually si . for what it's worth , i haven't reached any kind of conclusion . drmiller 100 may be onto something about a reluctance to jump . it's certainly true in my case , and i've noticed a tension with my wife ... drmiller 100 reaches conclusions much faster than i do . l am playing beat the clock for much of today but don't want to let this thread hang too longer either . couldbeworse , you're in the neighborhood but i'm afraid you've been contaminated by internet rubbish . you've got the cognitive functions mixed up with mbti / keirsey stereotypes . you're far from ... excellent response . it makes a fine entry point into a discussion about the cognitive functions . it's not just dry theory . if you understand the functions , you will know more than just your ... now you're talking . since you have done some reading , you probably know that intp looks like this : dominant : introverted thinking ( ti ) auxiliary : extraverted intuition ( ne ) inferior : extraverted ... '