' no i cant though i wish i can say no to people often i am sick and its very hot here damn it i am sooo irritated http://personalitycafe.com/members/miraji-albums-pc-pics-picture5665-eye.jpg brownish eyes , though lots of people think sometimes they are black and i wish they were i lived in different countries , and i enjoyed living as an anonymous it was the best thing ever , enjoying life , studying and discovering the world without any strains then i came back to my country ... i agree and this is what i do .. i try my best to communicate with others as much as i can even though sometimes i am tired to do so but i think how my feelings will be when someone ignores me thanks for reminding me that reality sucks big times ... but i really enjoyed reading your analysis and i am in the same position for me people can immediately tell what is my mood and the way i feel from my facial expressions .. i cant hide my emotions .. my dad say its easy to read my mood most of the time because i am a simple ... i never knew but recently that she is an infp but i always admired her and how human she was actually people hesitate to get to know me , because they are afraid from me , though once they knew me they will like me and stick to me even though if i am not around most of the time hahahah and ... i never was able to depend on a face to tell whats the personality type of someone , not even if this person is good or not p . s i dont think you are weird , i believe you are amazing :) and do they have crush on you ? ? do you feel that people see you as an idol that they like to follow ? ? or do you feel people admire the way you are ? ? personally it shocks me sometimes when i discover that people , actually admire ... i was very quite girl , with few friends , mmm lets sum it up with one word nerd this made me think , so whats infps typical face / appearance like ? can when you look at someone know they are infps , or observing them for few seconds can make you tell what they are ? well i do hide my emotions all the time , though people say they can notice if i am happy or not or the way i feel ... but personally i will never talk about my emotions and if i am forced to do so its ... * hugs * i understand but it is ok everything will be ok , just try to relax for a bit and think of solutions i always did everything possible to be the person i am today , i taped on my emotions , desires ... everything just to be the girl i am today , educated , powerful , intelligent , caring , clever , ... i like the effects and colors .. wish this can be real and we swim within these things i like the way you write and use the language .. it reminds me of the time i used to write and express my thoughts : bored : but yeah infps idealism can be destructive in different ways , specially ... i was going to post the same one ... i watched this movie once and dont even remember its name i just remember this scene and this phrase / sentence : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CfuhiVXyExk actually i was thinking about this yesterday ... i have been working with some people for already 5 years but i dont really know them , yes i am nice to them and talk to them sometimes in issues ... well i have a master in political economy and globalization with concentration on labour policies and i graduated with high marks ... but that was because i studied hard , and worked a lot in order to ... * hug * :p roud : from the article i can tell you i am : · likes complex ideas and tasks and does well on them , yet often fails at simple things ( 100 % ) · is physically sensitive , often has ... i tend to forget major things and remember details .. and sometimes i forget what the hell i was talking about and what i want ... loool i forget words : blushed : and yeah i always had problem ... actually i have a very good memory .. i need to go on a road once and i can go back there 5 years later and remember it i need to see something once and it will be printed on my mind but nowadays ... i dont like them , because i feel people celebrate them just because they have to , not because they feel like doing so i am type 6 i answered your questions above about what does caring means to me ... well it means to think about the other person , to look after his / her needs , try to please them and make their wishes come true , ... yeah i do the same , but i guess i never linked it to the fact i am an infp , but i always try to find a reason for why things didnt work the way they should .. i like this song very much , because my name is mira and this song reminds me so much of who i am , , , i am just as weird as mira in the song glad you liked it :p roud : it reminds me of another song , kids song , about a girl called mira who has a giant squid as her friend ... i feel that we infps are different from others mira and the giant squid - kids ' zong of ... i like it ... in the past 5 years , i have been traveling a lot around the world and i can assure you its one of the best things to do , you learn new things , you feel free and weightless but i traveled all the time ... i am a trainer and program coordinator , i like training people but it exhaust me , i dont always have enough power to actually talk to people and interact with them though i like the program ... jung explorer test actualized type : infp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 66.67 % extroverted ( e ) 33.33 % intuitive ( n ) 69.44 % sensing ( s ) 30.56 % ... i have many dreams , and when i think about them .. i realise i am yearning to freedom all the time for example , i want to sky diving in order to feel i have wings and i can fly : blushed : welcome to the forum hope you will enjoy your stay here ;) im on diet : angry : omg you look the same as your avatar :p roud : most of my nightmares are about me falling down , and all the people i care about are just smiling and watching me sinking down down i have always been outside the fashion thingy ... i wear things that i feel comfortable with and hide the defects i have in my body ( i am overweight ) i always tells myself i should take care of my ... because we are dreamer , dreaming of better world , better future .. we fool ourselves by keeping any small memory we had with this person or another person , we keep telling ourselves reasons not to let ... i have problems with my low self esteem and extremely high anxiety , of course sometimes im depressed but i take no medication .. i guess i get busy with everything around me that i forget it for a ... smell of babies themselves when they are newly born , they have this special smell of body mixed with the smell of mother milk ( no i am not sick or psychopaths ) smell of the rain mixed with the ... well i had different ones depending on the situation i am in : tongue : 1 . artist ( painting , music composing ) 2 . nurse in order to help the helpless people and give them hope in life 3 ... if you look at my avatar you will see my real hair , and its not that long it reach half my back , of course the straightness of my hair depends on how comfy was my night :P my hair is the same and ... hehehehe nice hair :P i love everything about us :p roud : '