' 120106 to be left alone . i like being alone when anything is wrong ... i just mull it over or distract myself . i've had people attempt to comfort me , it doesn't really do much . i get more irritated . i ... i wouldn't want a role model . it would be limiting . i have respect and admiration for some ideas and levels of dedication to fields . any one of the great minds are fascinating ... any person with a ... don't think this is a type thing ... do some research on the internet about youngsters and hitting . my guess is it is an attention seeking behavior . he doesn't do it at home where he has you alone ... i'm thinking ... 2 gender : female hair color : dark brown hair style : long straight cut eye shape : ... big cat like eye color : brown glasses : no personal style / manner of dress : casual / comfortable ... jeans , t-shirt ... depends ... if there was some chance to prevent or create a new world i would want to know ... if there is no chance i don't think it would be beneficial to know . dream job in solitary confinement . i would get more joy and fulfillment from such a job by far ... the other option sounds tedious and boring ... perhaps not right away but eventually it would be . my mom is an isfj ... time ... oh my god time . i'm in my early 30 ' s it has taken 30 years for my mother and i to have a relationship of understanding . you didn't have those dreams for years and ... i'm home most of the time , i take the i in intj to an amazing level ;) think wilson from cast away . people are too hard ... volleyballs with faces drawn on them are too boring ... dyeats you don't sound heartless . this is an interesting question . joy . he was rather funny a source of amusement . he was also a mystery . consistency . ideal companion , he didn't talk ... i just ... lol , i tried to move into a closet when i didn't have any personal space of my own . the description is fairly accurate for me . lol my first reaction to this was don't make eye contact ... whatever you do just don't ... sometimes to both . lol i'm not agreeing with the statement i'm laughing at the wording while gender guesser may be 60 % - 70 % accurate ahhh ! i'm freaking out ... i was accepted into my dream program ! * dancing around like a complete fool * - not really but my innards are ;p according to how they set this program up ... that would be the indicator they are trying to use . hanzer paper breaks it down farther . the system generates a simple estimate ( profiling ) . while ... the difference between male & female writing styles | ehow male male writers tend to use more specifiers than women , mostly to indicate the subject they are discussing . they also show more ... abrupt ... casual acquaintances ... this would just be a lack of interest ... not much in common etc . could also be from some type of really rude or gross behavior : racism , gossip , manipulation , ... my personal blog - tried a few entries all about the same results occasional weak female in formal : total words : 1279 genre : informal female = 1324 male = 3150 difference = 1826 ; ... to me ... anything that would be / could be / has been created without humans creating it . on the topic of sexual attraction ... once in my life i had an instant and completely lustful brain malfunction ... otherwise nope . didn't act on it or anything just a random person i hadn't ever met ... house , bones , dexter - those three are the only ones i've stuck to without boredom . that makes more sense ... face palm . that is a tough question ... on one hand you want to be able to bring everything to the person ... you want to trust and be comfortable . on the other hand ... i concur ! : unsure : please don't torturing me . my achilles heel . fepa ... i laugh . it is horrific . i can't control it ... during the big serious emotionally charged talk ... i laugh . how do you explain that to ... at this moment ... i want a all the bags of mini marshmallows in the world and all the boxes of toothpicks to build my masterpiece ... probably going to need a step ladder , a bigger ladder , an even ... i just like watching the hilarious guy doesn't know what to do with any of his limbs now moment . gold star if he doesn't care about his limbs and speaks to the topic . yeah ... i don't care if it is over a text or an email ... probably prefer it ... so i have time to think about it . uh ... that whole i need to tell you something ... wait 4 hrs ... think about all the ... it has come to my attention that i do flirt after the fiercely ignoring stage ... i'll ask them a thought provoking question ... i do this with friends i like or interesting people too but when i ... trust = love . i don't believe you can really love unless you really trust . for some trust takes a lot of time ... you watch and wait to see if their actions = words ... you don't want to be damaged so ... yup ... outside i'm so calm and chill looking , inside ... var scenariosarray : array = [ ]; var scenarios : int = 0 ; var actions : string = nothing ; var presencedetected : boolean = true ; do { ... intj - 8 no ... except maybe my dog but i still want separation even from her sometimes . there are people i can spend more time around than others though . i'm thinking that if someone could be around an not ... lol , i like gardening ... home grown fertilizer ;) . hehe , i would get to play with poop . indeed this sounds much easier ... whew ... i don't need to build a barn , buy hay ... lol learn how to milk a cow :/ sure ... lol so i'm guessing i need a cow and a whisk ? oooh , thanks ... can i keep the whole can and re-top it when i eat it all off ? * peek ... i would be interest in hearing this jeb pulls head out of intj forum sand hole ... * peek left , * peek right ... i now want a mug of 1/2 hot coco 1/2 mini marshmallows . ;) i do artistic things ... no writing except when i was younger i wrote mini horror stories . art isn't necessarily derived from emotional expression . i had my sketchbook out not so long ago drawing ... um ... asking me out almost any way other than a chill friend lets hang out type of way is a bad way . here is my number call me and we will have dinner . i understand it is an easy way to avoid ... i hid when company came over ... they would try to hug me , pinch my cheeks , or play the you're so cute game . i would hide under my bed , in my closet or under the table . haha , i tried to build time ... haha , lilysocks ... i always imagined i was trying to solve the puzzle of who these people are before i knew who they were with my mind-movies . am now afraid to measure my emotional health . creepy ... for me this looks like this : healthy : - not panicking with others expressing emotions ( communication / understanding level ) - the ability not to judge the crap out of others for having feelings - ... i want this migraine to end already ... what is with my mind swapping word thing ... my mom was holding a bottle of advanced fiber gummies i swear it said avoidance fiber gummies : confused : lol , most of these don't sound terribly odd to me ! i once had a cute guy in my bed , i said i was cold ... he tried to snuggle me and i was like wtf do you have a blanket ? thoughts ... is math entirely a human construct ? is science entirely a human construct ? can math exist without science , science without math ? is math a science ? i view my job in a similar way , i like my job and the paycheck is all the appreciation i need ... my mother is an isfj teacher so i also realize ... she did not become a teacher to get a good ... digs hole in intj forum buries head ... peeks out occasionally ... afraid runs back ... lol ... don't = do . try it like this ... i appreciate everything you do for my children ... teachers are underpaid , overworked , and under-appreciated . i would like to understand your thoughts ideas on teaching etc . coat ... '