' sp / sx / so here . i am not in a relationship . * alone time = oxygen . * i have a hard time setting boundaries i . e . breathing space , cos i want to spend time with the other person and i feel an ... i agree that not developing the secondary function can cause problems . i wasn't able to develop my te until i was 29 . although , i wasn't a conspiracy theorist in the slightest , i felt defenseless ... ha ! that is true ! i once worked in an office with all esf's . we processed felony paperwork . they all decided that it was serious subject matter , but having fun and making the atmosphere light and ... yeah , i know there are dating sites out there , i've been a member of match.com and i'm on a few free ones . i haven't found anyone yet , so i figured it couldn't hurt to ask on here . at least i can't ... i've been reading please understand me ii , and it points out very well why intj's and enfp's personalities work together . problem is , i dont know any enfp guys . take a looksie at my profile , if ... as a general rule of thumb , i feel like everyone can see that i have a crush on said person , even though i'm not doing anything that would warrant that kind of suspicion . so i try to act as cool and ... there's a guy i kinda like , i think he is an intj / istj / intp not sure yet . he lives 6 hours away from me , but our families live in the same town , which is where we met , my sister played matchmaker ... my days vary somewhat , and i like it that way . i usually wake up between 8: 30 and 9:30 ( i'm supposed to sleep till 9 to help my adrenal glands ) eat breakfast , maybe watch tv 10:00 - 11:00 take a ... a question for discussion : i am interested in seeing if a theory might be true : or if anyione else has any theories about this : what are the rules ? how are they determined ? what things are ... i understand what you mean . what i said may have come across as ... rude ? legalistic maybe . i probably should have included that when i said that , i said it humbly , yet simply . i have no intention ... i don't understand why people think they have to get married in a temple or a church or whatever - can someone explain this to me ? i agree , i don't think the government should be involved in marriage - but the idea and institution of marriage was created by yahweh / god - not human beings , so the one who makes the rules gets to ... i don't know what to do ... everything seems to be going downhill ever since we hit the one-year mark . i'm trying to give him his space but i can't neglect my feelings as much as he wants me to ... i came across this article , i don't know if anyone else has seen it , but i thought it was interesting because it contradicts the usual mbti theory i've read that say's the intj's dominant function is ... my sister and i had one of those cheap pools , then it broke , and it left a big circle of dirt which was great for making mudpies with my mom's old tupperware . i really wanted to be able to build a ... my mom is an isfj enneagram 2 > 1 > 6 . she is codependent , pessimistic , and has low self esteem . my dad is an infp enneagram 9 > 3 > 6 . he is calm , quiet and a typical mediator type 9 . he has more ... sometimes i go back and forth between do i prefer extroverts or introverts ? i know some extrovert guys that are just crazy all the time , and they exhaust me just talking to them . and i know some ... lol , i had a craving for a boston creme doughnut the other day , really bad . i got a pamela's gluten free white cake mix , put choc . frosting on it , and poured vanilla pudding on top . all together , ... as an intj / p , i haven't ventured much into the sp realm , but you guys seem pretty cool . the sj system is really annoying ! i guess what isfp's and intj's have in common is that we quietly live our ... eh , sometimes people take too long to say what they are saying , and when i know what it is they are trying to say i almost can't help but interrupt , especially if they've started repeating ... i've always been artistic . i started out majoring in biochem / genetics but there wasn't much room to be creative - i would have had to go through grad school and be someone's lab toady until i could ... i'm and intj / p - i thought i was an infx for a long time . i am sensitive , but i don't really show it as far as emotions go . i am sensitive to color , shadow , light , patterns , discrepancies , ... yup . on things i'm really interested in , i research for days , weeks , years . i want to understand it in it's entirety . the internet has saved my sanity . seriously . i totally agree . we can have a wonderful sense of humor , be artistic and / or musical , humble , etc . we rock . we aren't robots . i'm an intp / j . i consider myself attractive , but never notice guys looking at me . it's usually my sister that tells me hey that guy was checking you out ! and i'm like huh ? i think the misnomer is ... i second that . :) i know you are getting a lot of info thrown at you as to what it might be , so i don't want to get really specific on you in case gluten is not the problem . but , if it is , i had quite a few off ... i know how you feel , believe it or not . i have celiac disease - a very common , yet very misdiagnosed disease . i had the same terrible headaches and nausea like you , along with some other symptoms - ... well i know that intj's are confident people , and i am confident in most areas of my life . but when it comes to friends or relationships i'm not confident , and i wish i was . i keep expecting my ... i am a graphics assistant / editor for an antiques newspaper . i * really * enjoy it because i get to use computer programs to be creative . i get to combine left brain and right brain functions into one ... i vary between intj and intp so i wonder ... ( i ) 96 % ( t ) 85 % intuitive ( n ) 55 % judging ( j ) 64 % perceiving ( p ) 36 % oh dear , not this one ! itnp-slow burn identity crisis these ... lol one time when i was in 5th grade art class the teacher was droning on about instructions i had already heard before , she was being annoying so i was talking to one of my friends , and she goes ... hmm ? oh yes , yes ... i daydream ... compare , analyze , restructure , plan , hypothesize , figure out what to do when to do it and what steps to take to open my own underwear company , go through hard times ... it really pisses me off when other other intj's act like they know everything-which they don't - and disrespect other intelligent people like me who believe differently than they do - especially when ... i sometimes question why i was born female . would i be the exact same person if i was born a man ? i have a female body , not that i really care which sex i am . ( i'm straight by the way ) if i didn't ... well , i once knew an enfp who * tried * to be everything to everyone . understandably , he had a business and wanted his clients to like him . however , i found it to be offputting , because he ... here's an example of something that happened last year : i had made my computer screen orange for a few weeks at the office i worked in . i craved lots of junk food during those few weeks . seemingly ... i just want to say that i grow weary of the idea that all intuitives trust their gut instincts . i take it to mean-and maybe i'm off-that an intuitive would have a hunch about what letters to pick ... yeah ... a few years ago i read a book about hsp's ( highly sensitive people ) . i think i'm one . we get overwhelmed easily . i also don't know if it's related to being a 5 , but i have fears of ... ah ! , so the variable for introvert s types dominant function is t or f ( according to the regular model ) . this makes sense - and your explanation fills in all the holes . thank you very much ! ... thank you to all who have posted thoughts on this subject , it's quite interesting to read ! so here's another q - this time for introverted sensors : i'm reading gifts differing an mbti book , ... i too think that being a follower of yeshua has helped me work on developing my f side , and it's always good to work on inferior preferences , it helps us be more balanced people overall . i think ... well , i believe in our creator , and i don't think that it defies science and rational thinking in the least . it's a * snobby * attitude held by many in the atheistic and / or so-called scientific ... hi all , i am trying to figure out my mom . i have studied the enneagram and mbti theory , and i have 2 conflicting theories and i don't know which one is more correct : the first theory i read ... oh man , i could write so much about romance ... as a female , i get the impression that i'm supposed to know what romance is and stuff . when i was little , i read the fairy tales , prince finds ... i too had this problem . i knew there had to be a solution , so i searched till i found it , and it's called the paleo diet . paleolithic eating support recipe archives it's awesome . i keep my weight ... stupid slow computer sorry for double posting thanks ! you made my day :) am curious to see if there is a difference in male and female intj's ( or any other type ) in which brain hemispheres are dominant / preferred . i got this info from whole brain thinking here is the ... am curious to see if there is a difference in male and female intj's ( or any other type ) in which brain hemispheres are dominant / preferred . i got this info from whole brain thinking here is the ... '