' any infj having a relationship with a enfp ? being the infj older , how this could work ? this enfp thing , that they need to try everything out before knowing what they want or like , would not be a ... hello dear infps , i'm so happy with all the answers for my post . thank you very much . : hugs : it's very helpful to read your answers . i love my infp , but i'm scared to tell him that . he's still ... effy thank you . i think you are right ( and also my guts ) and i don't like the fact that i'm feeling led on ... i have the feeling that he values me and would like to love me , because he knows i'm ... sometimes i wish i was extroverted and not monogamous . but then ... i like who i am . contradictory . hello again , dear infps i have some questions : 1 . how do you act when you love someone ? 2 . are you aware of your feelings , or do you need time to process then and realise , it ? how long does ... don't get rid of it ! it's very useful for many things , you'll see ... :) just try to always have in mind that it can be different than what you think / expect . good luck ! necrosis you are creating a whole universe inside your mind about what's happening to him and maybe the way he treated you before and is treating now is just a coincidence and has nothing to do ... so , my cute infp is coming back slowly . he even brought me chocolate . : tongue : what kind of small things make you happy in a relationship ? what can scare you off and make you run away ? * restlesscryptid what kirjuri said . also , the half-laugh , i tend to do that when i want to cry but i'm controlling it . i smile and , depending on the situation , start talking non-sense . it was ... rebecca . m i really like your advice . problem is i'm always hungry and cook for myself . maybe it's better if i start to meet the guy after i eat ;) not a bad idea , actually ... well , this time ... that actually makes a lot of sense . what if the guy was being nice and cool and doing this things to me as well and then he changes after a while ? :P my best friend is an entp and i was kind of in love with him for a long time ... hizumi i didn't know there were other infjs in the offline world as well : tongue : it's like that : i start by being friendly , nice ... if i really like the guy , i start to invite him over , i ... i'm mostly talking about love relationships here . i was thinking if - because we are so giving - we tend to attract selfish people . or ... if in our pov everybody will look a bit selfish to us . or , ... uh oh ! much better : a bunch of women screaming at the same time ! :D who's in ? well that's funny ... my infp date was having this kind of behaviour with me ( throwing futons , crying , being a mirror , and also option b ) , when i was being kind to him . hm ... what's wrong with you ... been in the exact same situation before . what's wrong with these ppl ? i may not speak for all infjs , so have in mind , that maybe it's different with him . but to be honest , i have this talking outbursts sometimes ( not always ) and if he's doing it with you , it's probably ... could an unhealthy infp become manipulative ( out of being afraid of loosing control in a relationship or out of jealousy , for example ) ? let's help me make a shitty breakup ( that kind when the person says they still want to be with you , but disappears ) at least a bit fun ? you could start by helping me figuring out a nice plan to ... infj been compared to : maggie from the walking dead . my ex told me that mostly because of the looks , but personality fits as well . wendy from peter pan . i don't know why , this is a long time and ... : cold : every-little-day-thing-word-said-or-left-to-be-said-hurt-as-hell dear infp , i may sound extremely silly , but i think that real love , when it happens , it happens for both parts ... (: just came back to re-read my last post and apologise for my non-native-speaker-english . :D when you decide as a life-philosophy to respond to verbal aggression with smile and love and that's what you call being passive-aggressive in a good way . sereneone that video is brilliant , thank you very much ! i've spoken to my enfp friend about all this ( also fi , right ? ) and she helped me seeing the situation from another angle as well . i need to ... i've finished an 8 - year relationship after moving together with the guy to a new country . i was so worried about his feelings , that i waited for a moment where he'd realise for himself this was not ... this is very phenomenological of you . i've done that before , but only on paper . thanks for sharing . thinking on how we're all alone together . hi-five ! that's a very good insight ! thank you very much . but i've made a mistake , actually . the guy is an infp , not intp . as far as i remember , my t is much more developed than his . my biggest problem with ... entheos your post helped me in many ways . thank you a lot , really ! i've already talked to him about this , at least it was a start . last time we met , i felt so disconnected , that i started to ... i like this guy a lot and i really like the fact that he is sensitive ( it's hard to find people who are more sensitive than i am ) . i also don't really care if he's not manly . my problem is maybe with ... do you often find yourself thinking about what your ' mission ' on this planet might be ? i'm dating this infp guy since 5 months and it's very hard to access how he feels about me , specially because he is very introverted , have a hard time communicating and sometimes not self-aware of ... ah , ok ! now i get it . i'm still knowing how intp works , so i can't add much to that . i see him getting passive aggressive a lot , but without telling me directly if he's upset . that stresses me a lot ... hm ... normally i'd agree , but it just doesn't sound like him . well ... time will tell the truth . now he's lost the opportunity to meet in person , since i'm back to where i live ( in another country ) . :) i've never thought he might be sexually attracted to me . as i said before , i'm not his type . he flirts , but i guess it's his style . i had no doubts about friendzone . my original question was why is ... if you assume since the beginning he wanted sex , right ? that would also be my first assumption , but then again ... we are friends since two years , he never did this type of thing and afaik , he never ... so ... what's happening with my entp friend , if he's arranging meetings with me and cancelling the last minute ? this is not his mo at all . he's done that 3 times in the last week and i live in another ... i had no idea , it usually helps me . i think it helps if a person really likes you and do the best to understand you . this way you can talk and talk . the person asks , you answer , etc . i'm just not sure if the guy is that willing to ... chocolate ! i got sick , i have a very fucking hard exam on friday , i have a 13 hour flight on monday , not so much time to study , my brain is not working to focus on study . i'll get a very bad note and i'm very ... oh , yeah ! 100 % ! this guilt is truly annoying . i'm having this problem lately with the guy i'm dating as well and finding the balance between being totally there for them and totally selfish is very ... that's really nice ! they say you just find the one after you stop looking , right ? i love my friend , but he is not monogamic . i guess this is common in entps ( ? ) . so i'm more than happy with the ... you're lucky ! i think that's exactly the biggest self-growth personal issue i'm facing now . i kinda lost hope , that i'll find someone that gets me . when your enfp friend says you build up entire universes inside your head with tons of different possible outcomes to a situation . when you are afraid of exposing your true feelings to your friends ... i can't know about him , but i recently had a big conversation with an entp friend about a guy i'm dating . this guy was very rude to me , just because he was in a bad day and didn't even realize it ... i'm putting myself in the conversation . :) i think i'm arriving in that point as well . i had an 8 years relationship and i thought he was the man of my life . i felt he was my best friend and the only ... i usually create things , like songs or texts , or smth artistic , so i don't feel unproductive . :) if not , i listen to music or meditate . i feel those moments are productive as well , to give me energy ... '