' 1 ) how would you classify your drinking habits ? socially ? glass of wine with dinner ? total alcoholic ? abstainer etc . i rarely drink , a glass of wine a couple of times a year or some drink if it's ... yeah , i can understand white lies sometimes ( although i do try to find out why they'd prefer going that route than just bluntly telling me ) , but serious lies , the ones that involve friendships and ... hello , i've been searching for a while now cause i was curious about this but either my searching skills got really rusted or it wasn't such a discussed subject . i was curious how other intps ... i don't think she is just assuming , it might be an insecurity towards the possibility so she's trying to understand if it might / could happen or if it has any tangent to the lack of talk or it's just ... one more thing ... i think we sometimes see how easy it is for others to say things and not do them and be happy and content with the easy way out and think that doing things instead of just saying ... i think the reason rationals have more faith in their rationality than in their emotions and the emotions of others is because feelings change over time , facts rarely do . i'll make an analogy ... there could be many reasons that can / could explain this . i also get in a kind'of defensive mode sometimes when someone starts talking about feelings , and i usually am very careful with my words in ... i know that , i didn't expect to understand her , but maybe find ideas that could get me closer to understanding . i have no problem letting my phone track me sometimes , i let it on so i don't ... and what would happen if an intp girl would think the same ? although i doubt it comes down to just personality types at that point . first of all , i don't think you'll find a straight answer , just a long list of possibilities , since we're talking about a relationships that seems to be going on for quite some time . second of all , ... from what i came to understand , in the mind of some infps live a lot of contradictions ... they want to know more , but they don't want to ask cause if they do several other scenarios could happen , ... i don't think that talk has happened yet , but it might soon . as for the you either do x or we're over part , i'm more likely to leave the relationship my self than end up telling the other ... that could be an idea , but i'm not sure what way there is to solve these kind of issues . it seems to me like some of the battles are all internal , and since an infp is always trying to keep those ... she tested as a 5w6 . http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/155475-non-infps-ask-infps-relationship-questions-come-chat-27.html#post4343397 i appreciate the concepts of autonomy and independence , but one can take them into a bit of an extreme . for example : i consider bugging the hell out of people the moment when i can see that they ... what happens when you can't help the other person , or when some of your assumptions lead to nowhere ? as i recall , there have been mentions of fearing that she might disappoint me along the ... it makes sense , and i want to thank you for taking the time to respond . :) i don't really hold a pristine image of my ideal relationship in my head , i kind'of disassembled the idea into ... i wasn't really being defensive . my name does come up in your post seeing that you quoted me , and although i did understand that it was more of a rant than an idea directed at me , when one uses a ... indeed , people do that sometimes , i'm not sure what that has to do with what i said though since you quoted what i said . and since this is a topic regarding infp relationship questions , i thought my ... well , this sometimes seems to be improving over time , although it usually ends up being confusing when someone tells you that they're there for you but when you do try to say something , they start ... i was trying to convey the idea that if i am direct about problems , they get perceived in a distorted way , or as personal attacks , but if i am gentle about how i convey the problems , they don't seem ... i'm also curios about one other thing . can lack of attention to details be attributed to one being an infp or to the development of an individual ? although , the idea of assuming things can be tied ... we already passed the point where i started getting frustrated with the lack of curiosity and fact-checking when it comes to assumptions , but i did mention this several times . the frustrated part got ... yes , she did mention things like not wanting to force me to tell her things i don't want to , but from my point of view , forcing would be to repeat a question to which i clearly stated i don't want to ... indeed , i wasn't very clear . i'll give a small example : lets say i'm not home , and i'm talking with my so on my phone . i usually leave my location sensor on . she sees that i'm not home , but doesn't ... i do understand the indirect communication concept , i sometimes end up beating around the bush when there's something serious going on and i'm not sure how to express it , but when it comes down to ... i have a few curiosities regarding infp relationships : 1 . is it an infp thing or infp protection mechanism to make assumptions in a relationship ? and i'm not referring to some big thing that ... but how do you judge what is correct and what isn't ? i mean things that involve a huge risk and in the end have a small reward , and that usually don't involve just one's self . it's up to each of us whether we gain wisdom from our actions , reckless or ... ok , but wisdom is defined by having experience and good judgement , but seeing as we generally have a limited amount of knowledge about most events , how can one know his action is considered wise ? ... same here , 5w6 intp , and while i enjoy my alone time , i do like to talk to someone once in a while . i don't enjoy going out in large groups and i don't talk too much unless it's with a close friend ... hello , i'm not sure if this has been discussed before or not , but while driving home i thought about the fine line between rationality and wisdom . using logic , one could pin-point a series of ... when you go at the museum and end up being told that you're a tad bit too curious by the person overlooking it cause you finish looking at the main things and start wandering through places through ... i sometimes end up being sarcastic in circumstances such as those ... e . g . : neighbor : do you have a push broom ? me : yeah , but it flew over to the supermarket to get me something to drink ... when you contemplate ... ( i'd fill in the rest of the sentence with whatever an intp is contemplating about but i'd die before i'd be able to finish it ) disk 0 : 111.47 gb disk 1 : 297.77 gb disk 2 : 297.75 gb disk 3 : 149.05 gb disk 4 : 1397.26 gb and about 60-70 % of that is full . when , in the moments you do feel something , it's rarely something pleasant ... ( or maybe that's just me ) . on google market : - the great suspender - session buddy not on google market : - footab - something similar to the firefox function which only opens the currently selected tab when opening ... i ended up installing extensions for managing opened tabs so that the browser doesn't slow down when using a ton of tabs . when you leave a tab opened saying i'm gonna read that a little later and end up doing this several times ... by the end of the week , you've got a browser window open with about 20 tabs which you ... when you sit here , and read all the other posts , and start contemplating whether you really are an intp or not seeing that some of the things posted do not necessarily apply to you or because you ... when during an exam , you actually do figure out the answer in the end , but you don't write it on paper which renders the whole thing pointless in the end ... and then you spend an half an hour after ... the statement on its own , without an active context , is valid , i suppose . i can change value to invalid in some specific circumstances but none are mentioned so far . when being in a relatively crowded public place is a chance for you to figure out the shortest ( and fastest ) route out . tired , and a bit hungry ... when , in the moment you do decide it's time to do some cleaning , you spend more time thinking about the best algorithms you can use to properly place the stuff in your room ... yet still end up phrasing it in such a manner that it may sound insulting to other people . when you want to post something here but then start thinking that you might not be right to begin with , and that in some circumstances what you wrote might not apply , and therefor delete what you ... this reminds me of the moments when somebody asks me something and due to my sometimes poor memory ( or due to me wanting to be very precise in my answer , or maybe i'm just doubting my self ) , i'm ... when you think about so many things that your body ends up trying to move in two directions at once ... ( i ended up hitting the side of a door cause i wanted to move backwards and forwards at once ... ) '