' i have tried . on multiple occasions . although i never finish them . except for one time when i somehow got myself to actually finish it , and then edit / rewrite it . however it is 3 pages on looseleaf ... hm i think i know what you mean . but what i do is that since i only use a pencil that has obvious limitations on color i alter the force used in pushing down the pencil to get different shades of ... meltedsorbet thank you . i will try this geometric shape drawing . hm this bigger picture thing seems interesting and surreal . also this measurement system seems useful , very useful in fact now that i ... thank you . i try not to use rulers because it slows me down and i find that i tend to think of it as cheating . i really would like to get into this really technical area , so i guess it'll take time ... hm thank you . this is interesting . any idea how long itll take to develop this ability ? and as for these books , i recently bought the collected journals of leonardo davinci and he has sketched ... aha thank you . i can kind of comprehend what you mean , and im on it right away . good luck to you as well aaaahh thank you . though , i'm curious , why anatomy ? i know that davinci and michalangelo personally took it upon themselves to cut open corpses , but how does that contribute to artistic ability ? just looking for tips , advice or any general knowledge on how i can improve upon a weak drawing ability . i really would like to be able to draw as amazingly as my heroes so any help would be great ... i have heard people say that films are an escape . more specifically i have heard the entire span of films to represent something within the person who sees themselves as the main character or ... october 2nd hm . thank you for this . i am a huge marilyn manson fan . you summed up the triptych pretty well . hm out of curiosity can u tell me ur interpretation of other works , opinions underlying themes , i am ... ha sounds like how i spend my evenings . and im going to be a junior , sixteen in the fall . i will be mostly an indoor person . most likely reading , writing a short story or working on songs through guitar . ill also be looking into whatever i am obsessed with in the moment . i agree with ... i agree that i perhaps wouldn't have been involved in the scene because of all the egoisms and asshole-ness . but i still love the music . punk and all its derivatives have had a lot of effect on ... same . but i usually am focused on rock music . especially stuff from the 70 ' s and 90 ' s . so what are u going to do with your summer ? its really sad for these small groups , especially the toll it takes on the people and music within the group i definitely agree . every major and even some minor subcultures that began , from heavy metal was just that . accidently marketing somthing that was doing just that as dangerous and new and everyone ... yeah i basically do my own thing now . or atleast the closest to my own thing i can do at 15 id also like to add in that i hilariously at one point identified with hot topic scene . recently ive given that up because i stopped being pretentious about it , but still , most of my tshirts were ... well , i find that in my head atleast , the music that is going on is a reaction to the world and is a statement of what is going on . so therefore i believe that punk and any other type of music that ... thoughts on punk what is punk who is punk what makes a band punk what makes a person punk do you like punk are you punk is all this stupid bullshit is being popular selling out oh right . forgot . i'm 15 lol yeah i hear you . i haven't had anything to say for awhile . so what kinda music u into well , it is self explanatory really . how do infps feel about the beatles , how the beatles have affected them and general thoughts on the beatles sadly no and i was so alone . last year i had tried to create one , in my mind i created a character profile , and whenever the thought came to mind , i would visually imagine a person there and talk to ... stephen king - ' nuff said aleister crowley - edward would proceed to call himself the great beast and would tell bella that he is entitled to her blood . thats one chapter . the rest of the book would ... dann i think the problem lies not in their stupidity but rather your soul ! interesting how do you get to this level ? yeah , for the most part i am apathetic to all this petty high school bullshit . very rarely will a problem arise when i care or people whos problems i care for . but the stupidity of it all just ... how do i deal with all the idiots that surround me in my life ? how do i begin to deal with the soulless scornfilled people i have to be around every day ? aha thank you anyways . now i cross my fingers and hope for the best . marimeli i am aware of this . i don't really care too much about money , all i need is enough money to survive and i'm good . my instrument of choice is guitar but i am currently learning saxophone ... marimeli thank you for your input . i'll be doing my best to do this . i am thinking a career in music but i have been considering taking an interest in other artistic fields while i do this . e oh right , forgot about that haha well let's see , where to begin . well i'll explain my former view . formerly i had this view that everyone sucked , they ruined everything and theres no point ... but i don't understand what i have to do to make a difference or to begin trying . i just don't want to be an idiot stuck with childish naivety as i try to do something i feel is important . i just ... hapalo that is implying that a positive view is healthy , but how can you be sure of that ? anyways , i wouldn't say ' i got healthy again ' because i still possess all my old ideals just with a less ... aaahh but i am unable to do what my heart tells me to do because of the said reason . this may seem like a stupid question , but how do you meditate ? i've thought of doing this for awhile but don't ... marimeli it's difficult though . i now see a new possibility in the future i never have before . i want to begin to do my best to begin to do what i can for this . i fear that if i wait it out and ... well i've recently had a change within the inner workings of my mind and how i work . it's probably for the best and is slightly more optimistic . anyways , i find that because i havent had any optimism ... the beatles never broke up ... i am a beatles fan but havent heard every labum or every song . so tell me , is this already in existence , is it remix of existing beatles songs ? opinions ? interesting , so where would the child be if he has failed to learn that from others and has in a way learned it himself and failed within it interesting . i tried the same thing with different results . as a kid growing up the knowledge was there , it just wasnt applied and explained . so slowly i began to think lowly of myself until i ... however i hear rumors that there are people who exist and aren't like that * fingers crossed * no you are in no way ' negative ' or ' cynical ' , in reality what you just said is how it works . your not cynical , you just dont want to be a monotonous machine doing everything for selfish stupid ... your own morality and self are all that matter in the end . you take everything in and choose how it will affect you , and choosing how to exist through the limitations around you yes in my mind that is how it works . the two would then cancel out and good and bad would cease to exist . no more black and white , only gray . exactly , it all depends on who is on the perceiving end of the spectrum . for example if i kill someone to save a loved one , that won't be evil in the eyes of the person i saved but it will be evil in ... ahhh nice . i was hoping someone would catch this . everyone has their own morale rules that they won't ever break because their psyche wont allow them to . as long as the ' evil ' to them wont attempt to ... i don't know if id fully agree . i am a person who has took the time to think out thoroughly my reasoning for some things considered evil as well as how i would go about this evil . and ive got to say ... i miss the comfort in being sad-frances farmer will have her revenge on seattle teenage angst has paid off well , now im bored and old - serve the servants i think im dumb or maybe just ... self explanatory title '