' what i'm talking about , is a position where you are sort of supposed to be empathetic and emotionally involved . my future clientel can consist of people who have just found out that they may never be ... when looking at occupations that our personality type will be successful , usually jobs that require a lot of people interaction , empathy , and strong social / emotional skills aren't high up on the ... when i first started dating my intj , for an entire month and a half we were sort of in this weird phase , where we were both excluaively dating one another , however no words were spoken about it ... i'm not an intj , but i am with one , and he claims our relationship is the best he's ever had , and he's the happiest he's ever been with me . i'm an istj . if you don't make goals that are concrete , how can you work towards them , then ? improving your life doesn't just happen , you have to have a plan to get to an end result you desire . perhaps this is ... i've read many things saying that intuitives often have thoughts that are more future focused and oriented , where sensors focus their thoughts more to the present and the past . i'm wondering how much ... in the distant ( but coming up quickly ) future , i have plans to move 16 hours away to another state to live in my boyfriend's home town . from research i've done , it has better job prospects , better ... just some late night musings ... i have met a couple of my so's exes / past love interests , and a couple others he had described to me . i would say many of them have the same personality type , though ... why do intjs all seem to dislike istjs ? we're pretty awesome . you all seem like you'd rather eat shit than be typed as one of us ! thank you for all the replies ! most of you missed the 3-5 sentence blurb bit , but i'll see what i can do ! i'm an istj and i experience the feeling of love rather deeply . it's not something you need to question or analyze , when you feel it you know . like trying to describe a color to a blind person , it ... so , i notice on facebook quite a bit , lots of girls posting articles , pictures , memes , and the like , of why their certain personality types are awesome . usually it isn't mbti related , but it's almost ... * i see so many negative things said about this pairing . when there are threads made what's the most / least compatible type to you ? istjs are usually near the bottom , or the top , respectively . i ... i'm an istj in a beautifully healthy and happy long term relationship with an intj . we are actually moving in together in june ! i'd say the best feature of this relationship is our ability to talk ... we are not married ! we are seriously and exclusively dating , however , for about a year and a half now . he was living with her when i met him ! i in no way want to control what he does . thank you to ... * i'll try to keep this as short as possible . my so moved up to where i live now in order to help out a friend , who's husband passed away in a tragic accident a few years ago . she was struggling ... i'm still in the process of beginning my career , at my first year in occupational therapy graduate program . i chose this profession for the security and benefits it will bring , but i also hope that ... i'm a female istj and have always had a hard time fitting in with my female peers , or even any feeling type . i've always been attracted to more masculine roles , especially when i was younger , in ... i'm definitely not assuming the relationship would fail , i definitely don't want it to fail , everything is great . i just know that there is a very realistic possibility of it failing , because , well , ... i was having a discussion with my intj boyfriend today , about cosigning an apartment lease with him . in the past , i've had an ex use my social security number to put a ton of bills in my name that i ... hey ! thanks for your reply . i don't know much about enneagrams , i tested at a 6w5 and he's a definite 8 , slight wing 7 . thanks ! thank you for your replies , it gives me some hope that things may work out . quality time ( 4 ) then , physical touch ( 5 ) and acts if service ( 2 ) are tied for second . i'm an istj , and i've been dating an intj for about eight months now . we are absolutely smitten with each other , and have been since pretty early on in the relationship . it is the most healthy , ... i'm an istj , and i've been dating an intj for about eight months now . we are absolutely smitten with each other , and have been since pretty early on in the relationship . it is the most healthy , ... so basically , i have one friend . i've known her for seven years , and she's probably the person i'm closest to other than my significant other and family . i care for her deeply and would never want to ... i like you and i think we would do great in a relationship together . would you like to date exclusively ? try that ... ! thank you for all of your replies ! and yes , he calls me dear . i've taken to calling him hon . i'm an istj myself , and he actually comes off as more affectionate than i , more verbally affirming ... i am an istj female completely smitten in a seven month long relationship with an intj male , who has expressed very mutual feelings . right from the beginning i've always been honest with him that i ... the reason i ask is , i am currently dating an intj who has a giant circle of good friends , even though he does spend most of his time alone . i am an istj who is extremely introverted , and i have one ... how would you view / place judgement on a person after just finding out that their social life is lacking , meaning , they have no , or perhaps just one friend . would it matter ? what about in a ... i did say something along these lines . not the same , but something like look , i'm really bad at figuring this kind of stuff out , so if you are upset with me about something , you have to tell me or ... i did ! multiple times . three times to be exact . after that , i realized he wasn't going to talk . he simply dismissed my question . nothing is wrong . even though something obviously was . i definitely didn't dismiss him . his feelings are important to me , whether or not i agree with them . i apologized , genuinely . but in my head , i did feel like he went through all of that , for that ? ... yes , because i pissed him off on purpose , and plan on repeatedly pissing him off just for my own jollies . i didn't say or do anything to intentionally piss him off . like i said i was unaware that i even did . it was trivial and silly for him to be that angry . and i didn't deserve the silent treatment when ... thank you so much ! your post has been very helpful . i hope you don't mind if i ask you a few questions . i've numbered some things you've said to reference my questions to ! 1 . ) in this situation , i ... my boyfriend ( intj ) and i have gotten into one of our first spats , sort of . basically , he became angry at me because of something i said , but instead of being angry at me , he just sort of got pissy ... just boyfriend ! no hubby ! but , i've always felt this way . long before i met him ! i've noticed this huge gap in type myself , the t / f difference is one of the ones that most definitely stands out to me the most in people . it is difficult for me to get along with most f's myself , so ... i actually love dressing up and having a job that requires me to do so . i act professional , it seems to be my default personality , sometimes even in leisurely settings , so the workplace feels like ... wow , that was really negative ! i'm sorry you've had such bad experiences with sj's . i can assure you , we are not all simple , bitchy , and air headed ! sure ! i'd love to . i'm currently dating an intj , so my answers might be a little biased toward them instead of nt's in general . 1 . ) what annoyed you most about any nt's you've known ? perhaps ... the response i've seen from the nt community regarding sj's has seemed to gear towards the negative . my boyfriend is an intj , and he seems to adore me . just wanted to narrow the general feeling down ... oh , yes ! definite yes to both of those things , heh . i have a few close friends , and while i do enjoy their company , i also find maintaining the friendship to be exhausting for me . my ideal friend would hang out maybe once or twice a month , and keep ... i am quite fascinating ! despite the istj stereotype of being boring ! eating a delicious meal until you are full . back scratches music , cranked up and loud ( good music ... ) sex it isn't that we don't have ideas of our own , or daydream about possibilities , because i do , it is that we would rather put our faith in systems and routines that have been shown to work , proven time ... i have snagged myself an nt , and it has been the most exciting , fulfilling , drama-free , happy and committed relationship i have ever taken part in . i think they are pretty great . '