' i'm gonna have to go with mal on this one and say , aw , hell , i'm a big fan of all seven ... welcome , gringo . i think you'll learn a lot here about how to understand and relate to one another . welcome to perc . entr 0py , it could be something like add . it wouldn't hurt to talk to a doctor , and there might be a medication that could really help you focus on some goals . it sounds like you have a lot of ... congrats , hazelwitch ! looking forward to the next thousand . welcome to perc ! :) welcome to the perc , 07307104 8 , from a fellow smiley abuser . :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fNfIXJpMx1g&ob=av3e congrats , stephen ! that's a lot of posting in under a year ! congrats , emerson ! my boss is wonderful . she's also an infp , and is becoming a good mentor for me . i can see some of her flaws and how they are things i need to watch out for in myself . she has very high standards , ... i don't know , kriash . that's some pretty psycho stuff . i'd leave that one alone . congrats , kc tan ! congrats , treebob , on reaching such a milestone ! i work at a bookstore . i love my job , but i dream of being my own boss and working from home . if you can make it happen , i think it's a great situation for an infp . how much are you willing to spend ? you don't have to read minds to find out what someone needs . you can talk to them and figure it out . observation helps a lot , too . a combination of talking and observation can help you deduce what a ... interesting . to me , hugging someone seems like a logical course of action if one is feeling affection for that person , or wanting to express the emotional closeness one feels . also , hugs are ... what a difficult upbringing ! it's easy to see how that made it hard for you to get close to people . :( my best advice is just to stay out of your room as much as possible . don't isolate ... congrats , moby ! congrats , niss ! nazairelife , may i ask where you spent most of your growing up years ? i had a hard time my first year in college . i didn't study at home , i studied in the student lounge or in the library . just ... it sounds like you need a vacation ! whether it's burn out , or you're getting sick , or even depression , it sounds like it's time for a break . a trip to the doctor is probably in order as well , to rule ... most of the time i don't mind listening to people complain . at work , i feel confident that i can fix whatever their problem is . usually they feel a lot better just to be heard , taken seriously , and ... congratulations , abraxas ! x93there are three kinds of men . the one that learns by reading . the few who learn by observation . the rest of them have to pee on the electric fence for themselves . x94 will rogers sorry , couldn't ... i don't think being a counselor will hurt your chances of becoming a writer . in fact , i think it could give you a lot of inspiration and insight . remember your other 8: the 8 hours you have when you ... i'm so sorry , i know that's very painful for you . timing has a lot to do with whether relationships work out . my husband and i were talking about that the other day . we both had dated a couple people ... corgigirl , i agree with penemueintj : it's probably just some guys who wanted to get rid of their lawn clippings and your trash can was a convenient place where they could dump them out of view ( or so ... jay_argh : thank you for your advice and that link . it was helpful . dear sigmund : she's way too sneaky to leave a voicemail or email like that , but i wonder if she's so careful with texts ? that's ... congrats , essay ! sadly , i'm afraid that is what it takes for some people . i had a good friend who is like that . i still have to see her sometimes . i'm nice to her , but i've disconnected from her emotionally . she loves to talk and gossip , so i'm careful what i say and do , ... fight fair . stick to the issue . fighting is to resolve a conflict , not to inflict injury . you can't unsay what's already been said . don't make bullshit apologies . when you've done something ... you have my sympathies , undin . i am having the same kind of trouble . i wish i had the answers , but i've become painfully aware that i know next to nothing . if you want to talk about it more , you can ... arbite : thank you for your reply . yes , i have thought of that . the girl was in trouble with the police a couple weeks ago . i'm not sure her parents would believe me without evidence , but they have ... very scary situation here . my son's girlfriend has been faking injuries and threatening to tell people my son did it to her . today while they were driving on the freeway , he told her he wanted to ... trying to forgive congratulations , ukinfj ! congrats , uncertainsomething ! you are not allaying my fear ! lol mkeath : if only there were a reliable way to tell which we'll get ! runvardh : that's probably good advice . which i am terrible at following . : laughing : i lurk . like others have said , i'm too intimidated to post though . i find intjs funny , loyal , and sharp . that razor wit is impressive to behold , but i am too easily hurt to risk having it turned on ... hello and welcome , gazness . i've been on forums where people were not very nice . i think you'll find perc different . hope you enjoy your time here . welcome , ppolly . so glad you found this place . hope you enjoy your time here . that was just really depressing . not the interesting and fun conversation i thought it would be at all . you go into a chat room thinking you're going to have a really nice , enriching conversation , from which you'll both come away better , smarter people , feeling happy and connected to the world . and ... yay ! congrats , eerie ! http://i989.photobucket.com/albums/af18/deadite20/Congrats/congratswoohoo.gif that's a lot of posting ! congratulations , fizz ! happy birthday , scruffy ! hope you had an awesome day . tired and scared . hoping a day off will help me cope better . '