' when you read a post ... read a few more pages in , then decide to go back and thank that post . i'm glad you posted this actually , because i over-think my fi when it comes to deciding where a relationship is going ... my go-with-it ne just kinda puddles out , and i question whether my value ... you crack me up do that one voice you are always happy [ that is because there are always people around when you see me ... ( you are people ) ] always so polite :) you are talking really ... i don't even know what i do , but people say i crack them up . :) i get away with things a lot because of my cloud of innocence . :) :) it is interesting . people assume i am always happy ... but that ... i am an enfp , and i didn't take the time to figure out this new version yet , and this is the first time i have logged in ... in like a month ! i am almost at a point where i am between obsessive ... today i said something like i seems like i am always somewhere ... which is interesting then the infp i was with started laughing , and said that is a very * my name * thing to say ! ... i have heard ... you know you are an enfp when you are trying to explain that it is possible to love everyone , and that disliking / hating ( gross word hate ) is pointless ! sigh ... :) oh well i don't blame them . poetry in short seven is a number that only nine can love . once i lost my class ring ... apparently i left it at a hotel , and if eventually came back to me via the mail more recently i lot my phone ... i had dropped it outside of my church , and a week ... does blue float ? on the top of water is blue up in the sky there is blue i have tasted blue . it is hollow and bland . red is much more piercing . but yellow , i can't stand . times like this ( at home ) i forget that feeling i get every eye roll , and comment ... that feeling of but ... i wasn't even acting that strange . ... thank you for reminding me ... i think it is just a ... very true :) :/ when it said what kind i used adjectives ... ummm 1 ) group people 2 ) fluffy ! 3 ) aw ! * duck dow * * hold still * * run at it ! * * keep walking * [ so spaz out really ] 4 ) magical and surreal 5 ) no ... big cats ? ... just more to hug ! enfp used hyper beam ! critical hit ! what ? enfp is evolving ... never mind . sounds like something my brother would say ... : crazy : i am an enfp , and i was trying to explain to my mom how i see grades in school ... i use a green arrow , red arrow ... she asked me where is this green arrow , what are you talking about ? ... i ... see the wrench with user cp it is in there somewhere , and you need a youtube url . :) i recently realized a new [ guilty pleasure ? ] for jersey shore ... it allows me to watch people the likes of whom i never get to watch . ... yea , brief . : happy : whoa ! i'm almost two separate people , only i'm actually more reserved at home , because every here is introverted except for me :/ ... but there are certain groups of people around which i am 100 % ... my mom calls me a dork all the time ! ! ! big welcomes to everyone ! :D whooo ! enjoy the forums and stuff . :D you're so vein , you probably think this song is about you don't you ? :) sorry ... name pun . : laughing : but , these people are all really nice ... complimenting an entire group of people at once ... i am an enfp , and i wish i owned a shirt that says hug me :/ but i don't actually , one of the major critisisms of the mbti system as a whole , is that people who test close to the cut of between any of the letters ( like i / e ) my not feel adequately represented . the ... i am an enfp , and i responded to someone today : my smile is not unending ... it goes from here to ... here . :) ... then told a couple of my friends about the whole thing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kdlfr_5TM78 i like ducks too . then do it ! :D may - taurus :p roud : ( and 1993 , so the rooster ) meaning ... my life is pretty much a cock and bull story ... ( rooster / taurus ) : frustrating : * sigh * if you were an animal [ not like a party animal or anything ] ... which animal would you be ? are enfp's those little scurrying things , or those things with flapping bits ? or those wierd ... mika - happy ending mika - love today cake - ( well almost anything cake ) matt and kim - daylight the fratellis - chelsea dagger and ... the slumdog millionaire soundtrack the resolution by jack's mannequin there's a lot that i don't know . there's lot that i'm still learning , but i think i'm letting go . find my body it's still burning . :p roud : ( i'm also ... i would love a cupcake : tongue : : laughing : you are looking at logic all the wrong way . the logic you expect is highly linear ... a-b-c-d-e ... where you have to pass through c to get from a to e ... but enfp's being highly intuitive ... that is slightly totally awesome ... :) i'm an enfp ... and i wish there was a way that i could love this thread more , but there isn't .   ... [ indescribable feeling emoticon here ] : sad : i'm an enfp , and i wish ... that veingogh didn't have reason to feel down and unhappy . : sad : i don't necessarily dress differently than others , but whatever i wear looks different on me , because i wear things differently ... posture and junk . :) goku is not just happy go lucky though ... yes , he is always smiling and happy , but there are clearly the other enfp aspects to him ... and those are the ones that really make a difference ... drawn in ... it is ok , i was just looking for typing based on textual evidence . :) ... not theological viewpoint . wow . i know what you mean ... one time i was really happy that this song on the radio was annoying me ... because this meant i was forming a negative opinion without trying ! ... which makes me feel ... sigmund freud once said , time spent with cats is never wasted . he also thought everything links back to a repressed sexual desire for your parent , so take that with a grain of salt . ( which is a ... i understand the fun atmosphere that loud dancey music brings , but i don't understand the other bits to it . there are ways to have fun without hooking up with strangers . : frustrating : * sigh * i ... i like things you say . :) i do find myself to do things like plan out how i will do things ahead of time ... one night while trying to fall asleep i was figuring out how to make envelopes of paper ... 1 ) be artistic daily 2 ) focus ! 3 ) go to college ! ! ! get there ! : shocked : : o i am always reading books for english iv , and then end up being assigned essays ... and do well on them ... some how . :) i ardently agree with everything you are saying . :) no no , it was ok . i made it sound worse than it was haha . '