' i've been dating my infp for a year and three months now and i completely adore her . i see us spending our entire lives together . we haven't spent more than 24 hours apart from each other since we ... what a day ... what a life . i've seriously effed up and i only have myself to blame . but i blame it on principal and perhaps on age . i have worked at my job for the past four and a half years and i ... 2 occupants , yes . but my girlfriend is trying to finish up school and can only work a part time job right now so i want to toe that line very carefully . but if it ends up my roommate isn't willing ... the morality of it is up to her . and as uncomfortable as it all is , the only reason i'm saying anything to her is because she's neglecting her household duties . we are roommates first and friends ... help ! i'm about to enter into an extremely uncomfortable dialogue with my istj / sagittarius roommate . we've lived together for about 2 and a half years and things have been pretty good for the ... 29 . i think i just wanna bounce back and forth between 29 and 21 ... which means i'll be 28 next year ! ahahaha this thread is hilarious ! i do dumb shit all the time because i space out : shampoo twice , miss exits on the highway , etc . thank goodness i'm not the only airhead here ! :oP if you want to discuss what the stare means , i think he's into you . when i'm into a girl i prolong my gazes and study every bit of her face . it's like i'm making a mental map of her features . :o) ... i cried myself to sleep last night ! it's because my enfp girlfriend ( undefined ! ) was trying to be wonder woman after being admitted to the hospital for complications after a few days out from a ... i think my biggest fear is that the other person will push me away when i get too intense for them . also , time away ( which is healthy ) makes me over analyze and go through doomsday scenarios . i start ... investigating i have this 59 year old guy that keeps hitting on me . * sigh * sorry dude . i don't date people twice my age . enfp's drive me crazy ! but i'm so drawn to them and i just can't get away ! xd they are constantly in motion so it's a rare event to see them take time to rest . the first thing i notice is how ... i'm bumping this once for a few more eyes to see . maybe this will inspire others to get involved in something too ? * crosses fingers * hi . umm ... i'm reaching out . not for myself but for people battling cancer , survivors of cancer and for those who will one day contract this horrible disease . i'm involved in pelotonia which is a ... i hardly ever get quality sleep because of my work schedule . i have to be in by 2:30 am so technically if i want to get 8 hours of sleep , i have to be asleep by 5pm . yeah right ! i usually function ... i used to be much more afraid of the prospect of fatherhood when it was an abstract concept . i have very limited experience with kids as it is but now that i'm dating a mother of 2 , i'm not as uneasy ... i live with an istj ! we get along pretty well although i wish she would clean up more often . i feel a little guilty when i bring up cleaning or bill paying ( i have no idea why ) but they are both ... i had a guy almost twice my age call me naïve and i was doubled over in laughter inside . i was thinking buddy , you have no idea what i've been through . just because i'm young doesn't mean i'm ... i'm very aware of my tendency to get wrapped up in a person quickly that's why i'm doing my best to give her the necessary space . i let her contact me in her own time . my esfp friend reminded me that ... ah ha ! finally on a real computer and finally posted ! all's well that ends well ? :o) on friday she unloaded everything she's been holding inside - all the fear and uncertainty of what could be between us . i have no more doubts about the level in ... op : i know exactly what you mean . i guess you'll just have to wait it out . local morning television news video editor . say that five times fast ! btw , there's a helluvalot more to the job than just video editing . :o) i'm all for experimentation because it allows you to better shift your perspective around thoughts . yes , i definitely believe in safety first because under the influence of psychedelics , you tend to ... esfj , esfp and entj . these people help me see the other side of things when i get wrapped up in subjective situations , especially when i'm being ridiculous ! :oP haha me too ! 2:30 am ! but at least it's m-f . that means i have to find a computer ! it won't load on my phone . :o/ no one ? awww ... demonstrating your trustworthiness is a big deal . if i can't trust you , then don't bother asking . i prefer not to associate with people who are deceptive and underhanded . perhaps slightly off ... anyone interested in a meetup ? ? ? wow . interesting . :oP anything by duran duran to get me out of my shitty mood ! what's the term for when a word is spelled like it sounds ? i think reading yawn aloud or in print makes you want to do it too . i want to yawn ... but i'm waaay past my bedtime anyhow ! preaching to the choir . i'm going through that right now with my enfp ! i don't know if it's too much to ask to be reaffirmed . i just need a little ' i'm here for you ' once in a while . * sigh * i think i ... hahaha okcupid . i'm on it now and i don't feel much progress happening . the app has a good layout but i think my basic problem lies in the fact that i have to get the hell outta this town ! :oP this thread has been up for a while and i just now clicked on it . the show is a perfect theme song ! it's been a jack johnson and jason mraz kinda week for me . acoustic guitar , a little bluesy , a little funky . ahh lovely enfp's . you astound me . i've been dating an enfp for a month and a half now . we met online . the first date was absolutely amazing and things have progressed slowly and quite nicely . we ... sara bareilles ( sp ? ) , kt tunstall , regina spektor , leigh nash ... just chilling at work , sailing through my friday ( but still working hard ! ) . today's my birthday and my facebook wall has blown up with well wishes , my coworkers are greeting me and my mom and grandmother have already called to sing to me . although i like being appreciated , ... personally , you'll find me on the bike path . i like individual activities that i can do in a group setting although i'll usually have my headphones on listening to music so you don't interact with me ... i'm so fucking sick of people claiming to be brainwashed by the media . i work for the media and it's not us that's forcefeeding you ! if you don't like it , get off your lazy ass and experience life ... i joined an online dating site two weeks ago and had a first date yesterday with a girl i met on there . we had a picnic in the rain , drank a bottle of wine and jumped in a river with our clothes on ! ... i think i've learned more about boundaries with my job . i'm a morning news video editor . when i started this position , i felt like every single thing had to make air but as it comes with experience , ... my weekdays consist of waking up in the middle of the night and tiptoeing around the house so i don't wake anyone while getting ready for work . ( i wish i would be extended the same courtesy while i'm ... ftm infj . i don't fulfill your requirements but that's a minority within a minority for sure ! the funny thing is i work in television but i don't have tv at home . for the most part , i couldn't care less about the programming . i get more than my share of current events at work . if there is a ... i'm a church trustee , which i'm not particularly interested in but i guess someone has to do it when all the other members are 30 + years my senior . i am an alumni of tbdbitl ( ohio state marching ... i love the feedback you all have given me . everything you've said are all the things i've already considered but it helps to see them written out . i consider the most important thing to be the ... '