' tell him next time it happens scrunch your face up tightly and release three times , apparently that wakes up the rest of your body strongest imagination , overly-active minds , happens to me very often have you ever experienced it ? if so describe it , what happened ? what did it feel like ? how many times has it happened ? what type do you think is most prone to have them ? do you agree with me that ... ... yes ... tmlt suck at rapping xsfx , mainly esfj tmlt shave their chest consistently and walk around topless in public i'd have said idubbbz was intp xntj tmlt not smoke infp tmlt wish they were a different type esfp tmlt blame all muslims for terrorism esfp p tmlt seem like a j istj tmlt get erectile dysfunction of course not , don't you know all stereotypes are 100 % true in every instance ever ? intj tmlt stay loyal to their friends no matter what the circumstances intp tmlt cut themselves shaving wowzies <3 estp tmlt wipe their ass until the toilet paper is clear . depends what this female identifies as ? there are many different genders , four genders , even five . when a romance is slow , do you guys tend to back off or get bored ? usually just pull out before climax if you get rejected ( not rejected perse , but feelings don't get reciprocated ) once by ... frodo - infp sam - isfj pippin - esfp merry - enfp gandalf the grey - intj gandalf the white - entj aragorn - infj legolas - isfp gimli - estp boromir - esfj i know an estp irl who is very low key and chill now as an older man , but used to be a bit crazy when he was younger , so that does happen with people that mostly sounds like ni to me , hence his tertiary function . i think he's istp with a well developed ni yeah in the fourth film he was definitely introverted , his personality seems to change as he gets older through the films . i still think he's pretty extroverted in the third film though with his rage ... i used to think john was istp but then i changed my mind when comparing him to other istps , tbh he doesn't seem like he entirely fits estp either , he could be some sort of ambivert . he has the ... i think peter griffin might be an enfp love these movies and i haven't found any mbti lists for the characters except the main one so i thought i'd try doing one myself die hard : john mcclane estp holly infj hans gruber intj ( like ... he's as istp as it gets yeah i can see that too , just in a very different way , for example people tend to confuse trump as being either estp or entj for basically the same reason ( his egotistical-ness ) , that's what sort of ... sorry . it's just based on my own experience with people of these types . and yeah , i find myself mistyping between these pairs frequently , same with other people online mistyping fictional ... a good estp is usually very aware of people's feelings and does have a strong sense of right and wrong , and they're not afraid of breaking the rules or standing up to anyone if it's what's right ... can't remember so i've found myself quite often confusing xsxps with their xnxj counterparts and xnxps with their xsxj counterparts , for example i've thought many times that a certain person could either be an enfp ... gonna give my take on the shows you've mentioned that i've watched ( i don't know much about enneagram types ) walking dead rick isfp istj shane estp agreed daryl istp agreed governor entj intj ... what would they be ? i usually tend to have better relationships with sensors than i do with intuitives in my honest opinion ... stan - in the early seasons isfp but now istj randy - enfp kyle brovlovsky - agreed infj kenny mccormick - istp , agreed again eric cartman - in early seasons entj but in ... i don't think your mbti is concrete enough to determine how good you are at judging someone's character , but i'd have thought enfj if any ... taking some quotes from a celebrity and choosing which mbti stereotype fits those quotes best ? or what type do you think republicans mostly consist of . i'm thinking it's any te using type look in the mirror and imagine grey hair hope this helped in that case who are you ? nah jk , it's nice reading things like this so thanks for the post i'd love to stop working and chat : congratulatory : put people's empty milk bottles around their front door handles , knock then run i felt too shy and embarrassed to post a picture of myself at first ... but if you guys really insist :D just no negative comments please ... did you listen to a word i just said ? only ever met one in my life and he basically got on with everyone ... you love getting told what to do i'm very similar to your enfp friend lol . the only social media i use is facebook and i'm rarely ( if ever ) on it , only to post funny stupid things bit of a random question i know , i'm thinking either estps or esfps ( se-dom ) i think both can be just as narcissistic as each other , just like any type really . in my experience estps can be narcissistic in a cocky egotistical way , whereas intjs can be just as bad in more of ... '