' there is a painfully striking similarity between the way your daughter acts in the top video and the way i act on a regular basis . this sounds like causal determinism but explained in an incredibly complicated manner . link despite how logical determinism is and how much more likely it seems , i still like to subscribe to ... i think if you use the term dark comedy it'll go over better . i love dark comedy , and it's pretty much the only type that really makes me laugh anymore . you have to be a fucking brilliant comedian ... there is no handbook , but the best way to describe us is a herd of cats if that helps . it's a distaste for the stereotypical female . you have to remember that most people online are introverted types and have felt victimized by those particular types . whether it be introverted or ... i dont like any of these bands cleanse ! ! ( the third isn't death metal , but listen to it anyway , i'm sure it'll strike your fancy anyway ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FCYmAwgsFsU ... i mean it's not meth , but it's a synthetic amphetamine , it's not home made with the intent to produce euphoria , but it's speed none the less . look there's really only one thing you can do if ... the restaurant at the end of the universe - douglas adams i'm a new yorker and i suppose to outsiders we seem neurotic and unfriendly , but we like it so fuck off . are you serious ? your kid is like 9 years old . he's obviously bored in school because he's in a generation that has grown up with things like the internet , 500 + cable channels at his disposal , on ... dont you dare drug your kid . those drugs are ridiculous . they just pacify your kid into this mindless drone . cranking out productivity . so what if he's a bit over excitable and doesn't pay much ... you haven't met any real hipsters . people who act like that , are like people who say shit like oh i'm such a hippie meanwhile , real hippies would never refer to themselves in that manor . just ... girls are very much like that . the little boy is a rookie , eventually he'll grow some balls and realize you can't let women walk all over you the cove ( about dolphin killing in japan ) man on wire ( tightrope walking ) - already mentioned the most hated family in america ( louis theroux about the phelps ) dmt : the spirit molecule ( about the ... lol that wasn't even close to rigorous . remind me never to get into a real argument / debate with you . i'm far more confrontational and offensive typically . well , until you began this diatribe you weren't really in the category and i didn't look down on you . just take it at face value and dont place yourself in the category . easy as pie . you're looking ... you're taking it a bit far . my judgment comes only after someone takes a simple comment that was not even directed at them to the point where it bothers them . you make a conscious decision to be offended . by letting it affect you negatively you're giving the words grasp in your head . you dont have to let it happen , the fact that you let it get to you is ... sure , but i dont consider homosexuality a bad thing ( i rather like gay people ) , and i just see it calling a spade a spade . also , what if those men you saw in korea were gay ? i'm not up on how ... alice in wonderland wasn't really about drugs , but it is still a staple in drug culture . i'll stick with my interpretation lol i'm sure that was his intention , but alas i hate hobbits and i couldn't identify with any of them . the flawed animal nature of man is much easier to identify with , plus i have an irrational hatred ... we are buffoonish , threatening , and self absorbed . when was the last time you met a noble human ? it's a real look at our species and i still identified more with them . in men ( and i might be ... have you ever noticed that the people most avidly against homosexuality tend to be repressed homosexuals themselves ? that's not to say that he was gay , but that was obvious homosexual tension whether ... fine , so we wont put a label on it . but there was obvious homoerotic tension , that in the historical context was perfectly normal , but by today's knowledge and labels we would refer to as ... so , gay before it was socially acceptable to come out of the closet . like how men in america used to live with their brother-in-law for like 50 years . well i was talking about both . middle earth is uninteresting and tolkien has boring prose . i mean , there are parts of middle earth i find appealing . when they were in moria , the elven areas , the ... wilson is far to empathetic to be an entp sir . try enfx actually , outside of house , i'm not really sure on the validity of any of those . i enjoy palahniuk . my favorite book of his is rant , but i've read fight club , choke , and some of his most recent book , but the name dropping was insufferable . i want to read a few more of his novels , ... i didn't have a particular group , but i was just the opinionated , funny , but oddly correct guy in the back of the classroom who never paid attention , but was always aware and competent at what was ... i've heard about this and i agree that it should be brought back and taught in schools . you described it without explaining why they picked what they picked the trivium : logic is the art of ... hater's gonna hate cooler than you you dont have to choose your career path just because you're going to college . most people change their minds a bunch while they're still in college , and even more people end up in a career ... whatever helps you get through the day , but in reference to my post , we know that sherlock holmes was entirely fictitious . and having to retreat into solitude doesn't make him an introvert either . my argument for his extroversion was that he's constantly around groups of people . enfjs are into going alone to think as ... umm there's very little proof that he was real aside from the bible . there's actually more evidence that sherlock holmes was a real person than jesus . but i happen to think jesus was an enfj . i'm ... why would you give entj pure nt ? they're not even n dom . the ni ingenuity with the te filter makes intjs the pure nt . entjs are definitely the sj of the bunch . i'm not going to lie , i sort of look down on people who are offended really easily . it's not an anti-f bias or anything , but i just find that sort of weak minded . but different strokes for different ... you see it nowhere because he's 100 % entp . it's actually painfully apparent . i understand that fs feel like playing f defender of logic , but no , sorry you're way off on this one . it's not that fs ... well from my perspective i'll explain why i dont talk about getting my feelings hurt . for one , i dont associate positive emotion with the norm . actually i happen to just accept that life ... she wasn't always emotionally needy , but we started out as best friends so i was already her emotional confidant . apparently the fact that i didn't curb my words was appealing to her . so yeah she ... lol you seem to have quite the opinion of us . i dont necessarily disagree though . if the rest of you are anything like myself then i'd be a great leader , but i dont like leading . i'd rather tell ... i'm not really down for high maintenance anything . the only reason i dealt with their emotional drama was because aside from that , they were the coolest girls i had ever met ( at the time of us ... haha . that was funny . in my interactions with nfs , i was always in trouble for saying something that hurt their feelings or offended them deeply , made them cry , blah blah . i spent more time ... i've dated enfps . i dont really mind it too much . try enfjs . they're really fun too , my biggest crush in years has been an enfj well it does technically fall under soft science since it's pop psychology . that's almost exactly what it means . 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 the bible 7 ... oh , i didn't realize we were posting examples . nice ! ! ! here's a pretty good show of what kind of music i listen to : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_iNdbPvrYk ... quin sabe , the best way to infiltrate the party scene is to network . if you're cool , and remember people's names then they'll ask you to join them at parties . meet people at parties , get their ... i find it creepy . i dont associate with baseless sheep . could i see value in it ? sure , but i dont respect it in any way . i like individuals . i'd rather have someone challenge me than ... for there to be enough reason for emotional drama either a ) there would have to be a preexisting sexual relationship or a budding one , or b ) you seriously offended me on some ground . the latter is ... '