hehe , well . i really like to ' ' pick up ' ' my style . when i was 13 i used to wear only black , red or white clothes , and i even coloured my hair black , because i liked black colour a lot . i was always ... hello there ! long time no see . : blushed : so lately i got some new , amazing things happening in my life and bad ones are gettin ' forgoten . so the story starts with that , that i broke up with my ... hey . : happy : lately , the biggest problem in my life is sonder . i'm not sure what is that and even worse - i got no idea how to fight it . i must know how to fight it . please , i need your advices ... this is it . i don't think that enfps attack with power , i think we attack with words and emocions . at least .. i do . : angry : i think it looks like that , because when i'm mad , my mind goes kinda ... @ [ b ] buckeyeenfp we do it . we do sleep together and do cute things . is 18 really that young to you ? : shocked : great , i just realized that there's another button next to the ' ' reply ' ' button . : laughing : genius . : shocked :: laughing : doesn't this sound fucking awesome ? : shocked : : tongue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Qz5P-YMdk : happy : thank you ! i'll definately check those differences ! i'd say it's all about cuteness . : kitteh : because i think , that cuteness is absolutely charming . more you smile , more charming you are . more you laugh , more charming you are . more you're being ... yea , i do the same .. even worse .. i fall asleep in a middle of a movie and when i wake up , i watch it again . : laughing : no idea . i think it's americans . : laughing : awws . : happy : i'm never goot with introverted people . i mean .. i can talk with them a lot and hang out , but i could never share my feeling with them . they're just too .. mind-silent ... sadly , i haven't told him how i feel ( well , i have told , but that was only a little piece of all ) . all the little things change my mind and emotions . : happy : he's entp . : kitteh : yup . feeling like that all the time . little things scare me a lot . i wish i could say every of my little issues , but i just cant do it . i guess its just my personality . :/ hey there , enfps and others ! : happy : i was wondering , do i expect too much from relationship . from time to time i feel that something , somehow goes wrong and i'm not sure if i am able to change ... got the same problem , but for me .. i think it's just my lazyness . : laughing : i guess it kinda depends on enfp emotion and kindness level . : happy : that's like - if i would meet at some party or something and you would say ' ' hi ! ' ' to me , i would probably start talking ... hehe , there are many things that can make me feel happy . like .. - loving my boyfriend and get his love back . ( .. and in the end , the love you take is equal to the love you make . : tongue : ) - ... as i know , then somehow enfps are weak against intps / infps . i'm not sure why , but i think it's because they're good listeners . xd : kitteh : i used know one intp . we went out , we're talking a lot ... ^ ^ aww . aww . so adorable quotes . ^ ^ 59646 * hugs * : kitteh : p . s . click on panda to zoom in . it's soo adorable . ^ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RX_YkRi0HI dayum ! that's sooo right ! : shocked : 59633 aww . : kitteh : thank you . aww , that's sad . : sad : but .. ' ' i hate my innate vices , insecurities , my flirtatious nature . ' ' - that isn't that bad as it sounds . i think . imagine - you're not shy if you're flirtatious , so you ... hey . : happy : i'm enfp , but i can kinda do the same . but it works only after some time . i mean .. i can't see random people on street and figure out everything that's in their minds . (: well , i'm not sure that exploring people is a psyhic ability . : happy : i think it's more about what's in our heads and hearts and how we use it . i mean - everyone can find friends with common ... rise or die trying .. mine . : kitteh : enfp here . : kitteh : well , i don't like if someone push things on me .. i mean .. if i would meet * i * ( intj for example ) not * e * ( entp for example ) , and * i * would say to me all of his / her ... i like to collect books , random cute things , flowers from dates , pictures and music . ^ ^ : kitteh : + p . s . if you feel happy about life .. enjoy watching sunshine , dancing in the rain and other cute stuff like that , and if you got someone with who share all of those fucking adorable emotions , there ... i've got psoriasis . i got it from my dad ( genes are amazing thing . x . x ) , but i'm fighting against it and it's going well for now . it disturbed my life til ' i was like 13 years old . til then ... - ' ' i think you know what i'm talking about ' ' ( this would be about enfps sayin something that he / she doesnt even know . xd ) - ' ' i know what you think .. ' ' - ' ' i see no logic in this .. ' ' - ' ' ... - i definately don't like maelstroms . - umm .. loneliness . i mean .. spending my life with no one to share my love with . * hope this won't never ever .. ever happen * - snakes . qq - drowning . - to ... i speak latvian , english , deutch and a bit russian . : kitteh : i apologize much , but i do it only for people , who deserve my apology . : kitteh : hehe , i kinda enjoy being in spotlight , but it's more based on my mood .. i mean .. if i feel sad about something i've said or done lately , i'll be the person that will stay near , sit in corner of sofa ... well , i feel , that i'm in love when i wanna meet my bf everyday . even only for 10 minutes .. it can make my whole day brighter . : kitteh : i wanna tell him all the emotions that i've got in me and talk ... i like many , many cute things . ^ ^ including kittens and puppies . awws . they are sooo adorable ! : kitteh : hii . : kitteh : i had the same thing some time ago . i couln't go to birthday parties or places wich were full of people which i didnt know . but now , almost half year ago i met my bf , and he's taking ... i have faced that problem . but it's rare thing for me . i kinda enjoy writing and reading , but i enjoy it more when i put some music in background . : kitteh : when i can't start to do something , i ... yesterday i figured out , that there should be a way how to compare with entp mind .. we talked for like 2 hours and said all of the bad things that were in our heads and now we're pretty fine . he ... i'm an enfp . i enjoy rock / alternative / electro music since i first heard it . : kitteh : i don't think that i could ever listen pop music . i'm a drummer for like 6 years now . + i like to play guitar and piano too . : happy : i am an enfp . i don't use drugs . i don't prefer alcohol as well . i can drink something in some friends partys , but not that much to get confused . i just can't enjoy gettin ' drunk . i've been drunk ... well , when i'm busy , i kinda don't like to be disturbed ( that can end up badly , because i can get really mad then ) , but when i'm done with my work i'm fine and cute again . :) i feel sad when i can't understand what's going on in my boyfriends head . : unsure : hello ! i ( enfp , girl ) have been dating ( entp , guy ) for almost half year now . at the start everything was amazing . we talked a lot and went to many places together .. but then i started to feel ...