' a cup of coffee and a bagel . moar coffee ! ! ! a woman to talk to . someone who gets me . eating pineapple ! no . i set beside them as they played their games . every time they died ( which was a reoccurring event ) it sounded like bells going off . and after an hour of saying it'll only take 10 minutes , they ... waiting for my friends ( ding & dong ) to log off of their video games . its grub time . i'm actually about to bake a pan of over-sized cookies . i'll be sure to toss one your way if they're not all gone , of course . :P 69423 me on the right . istj buddy on the left . from time to time . i like to think that i'm a pretty polite person . :) looking for the next rom to flash to my phone ! i think i might have a clue . on a scale of one to ten ? lol i completely agree with that . it's probably best not to be so completely attentive toward issues on a constant basis . talk about depressing . any who , you're very welcome . :) in my opinion , venting is a very useful way of getting over problems . everyone needs someone to talk to , ya know . and that's why wee come here ! you know you're a feeler when you look deep into the eyes of that special someone and time comes to a screeching halt , every nerve in your body from head to toe comes alive and lights up like an ... thanks ! same goes to you . to keep this topic from getting totally derailed , i currently desire / require thrice to produce more albums . it depresses me to know their on a hiatus . i could , but my main interests are in astronomy and software development . i want to build my own type of cell phone with my own os . would be fun , but damn ... so much time has to be put into that . i ... that actually doesn't bother me very much . i eat my biscuit and drink my coffee while the teachers goes on about this calf fetus her husband acquired the day before . you could see it's little baby ... i actually spent more time browsing the web than paying attention . it's all pretty easy and i'm not the biggest fan of those odd cartoon vaginas lol . biology class . learning the ovulation cycle . woot ! listening to some muse , thrice , and led zeppelin . that is exactly what i need ! thank you , sir . there's no such thing as no man's land to me . a man just needs a place where he can be wild and free . 10 calories . - dr . pepper i currently desire a kitty , but not the average household kitty . a car sized kitty . a kitty who i can trot about on . a kitty large enough to ride as i squire a lady about the town . enjoying an ice cold alcoholic beverage while watching tosh . 0 . what are you guys into ? life is moving at a very slow pace . its a bit difficult to stay optimistic with what i plan to do with my life . i'm ready for change , yet life seems to become more and more mundane as each day ... i desire the experience of love . i am a stranger to love . it seems as if the only stability in my life is my pathetic restaurant job and my admiration for fellow musicians . i desire what we call the ... exhausting both reality and virtual reality as means of entertainment . not working quite as well as i'd hope . being a boring person at the moment . i insist that someone excites this boring moment . perplex me ! far too lazy to post a video or even a link . but all i can share is thrice . go check em out . i'd say i have . questioning the will of whoever of whatever that caused humans to be so ... human , so to speak . you see ... its the fact that the women i know can't do that . that is what i want most in a woman . something mind blowing . i want a woman who i can't figure out the second i meet her . ten years gone by led zeppelin . good stuff . :) seems as if intp females are very few and far between , especially around tn lol . tis a pity . the mere idea of an intp female turns me on . i would assume the difference being fi wouldn't much care for adventuring into the city and meeting people with a delightfully warm smile , whereas fe type 9 could do so . on a good day anyways . tied between promises by thrice and anthology by thrice . two beautifully composed pieces . check em out . there is absolutely nothing wrong with that . :) i do it all the time . i'm somewhat musically inclined . i'm sure you're much better at it than you'd like to admit . :) i have two acoustics and three electrics . i used to be apart of a band , but our drummer moved to fl and our singer just kind of stopped wanting to sing one day ... some video game music makes me happy lol . piano is , indeed , a beautiful instrument . i learned to play a little . i need to get on that though . i've been playing various styles of guitar for almost 3 ... i see now lol . i can totally see how he is crushing on an estp . i was and still am crushing on an istp . since my sophomore year actually . we have one hell of a history . but , now she's engaged to an ... its ... kinda hard being an enfj in a small town filled with ignorance and spite . i am turning 20 in june and the last meaningful relationship i had was when i was 13 and it only lasted a month . i ... he could be into you ... hard to tell though . enfj's are some of the more pure romantics . he could be wishing that you finally understood exactly how he feels for you ... or maybe he was wishing the ... from what seemed to be pure boredom spawned the thought to start a thread with the objective of learning about my perc peers . so tell me , what's up ? of what relation is this guy to you ? you sound bored , lol . just peeled my eyes open to our blairingly bright sun . listening to daedalus . mmm i think your writing is interesting . :) eye balling the corner of my screen wondering why the hell is it 1:14 am already ? those eyes like fire could see right through the darkest days and the deepest gloom . but they're burning dreams and stealing power , they're foolin ' you with a false desire . you're playin dice when ... those eyes like fire could see right through the darkest days and the deepest glooms . but they're burning dreams and stealing power , they're foolin you with a false desire . you're playin dice when ... '