' also vegan gains is an istp i believe almost everyone is born with a stack of four cognitive functions of preference and their optimal health and functionality is found in the reliance upon those four functions in their order ... intp : schizoid entp : sociopath infp : covert narcissist enfp : borderline istp : schizophrenia estp : overt narcissist isfp : bipolar esfp : histrionic intj : aspergers entj : psychopath just to speak for myself , i have no reason to break up with someone i'm with in a relationship unless i've prospected them to be negative outcome producing overtly in the present or highly likely to ... 90 % sure that's not how that works that sounds like nightmare mode me : ( m + f = me ) enfp + entj = intp mother's side : ( gp + gm = m ) estj + isfj = enfp all types that preference extroverted intuition are highly likely to be diagnosed as add , with the exception of infps who tend to have their personality dominated more by si and te than ne . we're ... false you have a common inxp problem of not engaging your ne sufficiently in life . aside from that , any intj / entj would tell you that you make changes to your life by just doing it so just do ... disagree with this . i believe people that are filled with feelings of superiority are people that are , of course , focused on the game of being better than , and outperforming , others . people that are ... 100 % infp no i accept horrible truths about the world all the time and it doesn't really affect my overall emotional state . when i talk big picture about the way things are , people see me as an ... to answer your question : no , not really the feelings that call for vengeance demand a very specific way that they wish to be resolved . to resign yourself to the demands of these feelings is to forfeit objective consideration of ideal ... in popular psychology introversion and extroversion are defined exactly by the circumstances under which one becomes socially charged . make sure what you're experiencing is actually the charging of ... in popular psychology introversion and extroversion are defined exactly by the circumstances under which one becomes socially charged . make sure what you're experiencing is actually the charging of ... this is probably resolved already but if you're still confused over your type i agree that you're an nf , and you need to seek understanding and breakdown of the cognitive functions by type and here i thought the 4 cognitive function preferences would be the four subtypes obvious introverted feeler . most likely infp not enough information intp cataclysmic hellfire you are an extremely obvious entp and i have no idea where you got enfj from lol e = extroverted i = introverted f = feeling t = thinking n = intuition s = sensation p = perception j = judgement extroverted , in popular psychology , refers to gaining social energy from ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JYObahl0p6E always go to michael pierce by definition , yes i'm going to match your new word with my new word unicornism , e . g the idea that there are people out there that change from gaining social energy from being alone and expending it in social ... i agree . i'd go so far as to say that introverts have the most errors in typing and difficulty determining their type in general . it likely has to do with the fact that extroverted functions are ... in myers-briggs the last letter of the combination pertains to the preferred extroverted function ( judgement : thinking and feeling or perception : sensing and intuiting ) . in socionics the last letter ... yea that and that whole preference thing you were talking about earlier https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bYYcWV6Y2SQ this guy : istj i think it's easy for perceivers to forget , when looking at all the functional benefits of being an extroverted judger , that being an extroverted perceiver means you're probably gonna have a lot more ... lust : estp gluttony : esfp greed : entj sloth : intp wrath : infp envy : esfj / estj pride : intj you're an entj i have no idea where you got this from and most people would argue the opposite if they don't flat out believe that the two aren't different in that respect absolute failure tl ;d r version : 1 . french 2 . greek 3 . swahili 4 . dothraki 5 . glossolalia maynard james keenan ( tool ): intp john petrucci ( dream theater ): intp neil peart ( rush ): intp aesop rock : intp wyzsztyk ( psyche origami ): entp tyler the creator : enfp billie joe armstrong ... both intps pretty good . except jontron is enfp , yms is intp , and doseofbuckley is intj you're not an istp , you're ne run wildly amok . type isn't based on functions in use , it's based on functional preference . trying to develop all your cognitive functions and take on other personality ... you're wrong about most famous youtubers being extroverts , but the most famous youtubers are extroverts . you're right on the money about sensors , judgers , guardians , and the np advantage . great point ... jaydee 780 a lot of people believe he is on the te / fi axis new non-negotiable truth facts avgn : intp bashurverse : infp darkmatter 2525 / darkantics : infj davis m.j.aurini : intj doctorrandomercam : entp durianrider : istp freelee : esfp elliot hulse : enfj tbh intelligence is heavily set from birth . if one were to do all of the things listed here they'd experience slight increases in brain power , but not really the kind of improvements you're after ... michael pierce is an infj , and he has mentioned this in videos see : 13:52 https://youtu.be/o_qGgr6OqX0?t=832 testing c testing b testing a testing 10 testing 9 testing 8 '