' your answers seem to indicate a preference for si over ne and fe over ti , meaning xsfj is the most likely typing for you . i'm leaning towards isfj since you seem more reactive / receptive , indicating ... i'd say enxp , tentatively . you're communication / writing style is infused with elements of pe ( ne , most likely ) , with a few elements indicating ti / fe . i initially assumed enfp , but your preferences ... it seemed the most befitting given your overall presentation . you seem to convey an air of control without being too pushy ( se-lead + 8) , a je-lead 8 , for example , would appear more directive , ... si is an internal mapping process , it's function in the psyche is the synthesis of information . attention to detail and technique are facets that can be more cohesively attributed to se and ti , ... your videos seem to confirm my seti ( estp ) analysis . i'm seeing various signals that indicate fe / ti and ni / se , as well as loose / syncopated swaying indicating pe-lead . je-leads are more controlled in ... yes . through vr methods , i can see the functional pairings you exhibit very clearly . for example , you contract the zygomaticus major muscles when smiling , this is indicative of fe . example's ... i'm going to withdraw my initial fi / te hypothesis . after seeing the picture you posted in this thread : ... i'm going to withdraw my initial fi / te hypothesis . after seeing the picture you posted in this thread : ... nope . natalie seems to have a balanced development , meaning she makes ample use of her lower processes . if we're speaking in terms of jungian functions , she's clearly operating on se and fi . i don't ... here are a few clear examples of esfp's and isfp's . though the differences are subtle , each has a distinctive demeanour . esfp's : keira knightley - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPGOssg_eKc ... all of what you describe could easily pertain to se dominance . extraverted sensing doesn't necessarily indicate a proclivity for sports and athleticism per se , there are numerous se users who do find ... keep in mind , the attitude of your dominant function has little to do with social extraversion / introversion . enxp's , for example , can be rather sedentary , with a focus on imagination . this is due to ... i believe answering a simple questionnaire is an inherently flawed method of discerning type due to the innate subjectivity of ' self perception ' . i would instead recommend you turn to introspection ... drawings of images from popular culture do not exemplify your discernment processes in any way , however , your attention to detail , tone and hue could indicate a receptivity towards se . xsxp is my ... yeah this was very helpful , thanks a lot :) hey , sorry for late reply :P those tests sound like a good idea . what's the first thing you would notice when you walk in to a room and why ? usually nothing because i'm stuck in my own head most ... pretty much all of them ... i think i'm an enfp , but i cant say i'm 100 % certain . hey , i'm actually trying to find out the order of my jungian function as a means of typing myself since i find it more accurate , thanks . hey , i recently made a thread in which i described my thought process to try and determine the functions i use but i'm still unsure so what i'm wondering is would it be possible to determine ... is it possible for an enfp to lose touch with fi or ignore it in some way ? could you give me an example of how ne and fe work together ? sounds good , what questions should i ask ? i suppose ne would make sense , i've tested as so many different types and i can almost relate to them all in some way or other , i'm pretty sure this would be ne in action and seeing things from ... is there any way i can further demonstrate my cognitive process to make it more clear for the both of you ? i'm starting to think that what i said earlier wasn't enough to go on . i suppose the best way would be to determine weather or not i use fe or fi . as far as the value thing goes i don't really have any strong opinions on anything political , i have my views and learn ... thanks for the answer :) i've tested as infp a few times but it really didnt fit the bill , i've looked at videos of infp's and they have certain mannerisms and present themselves in a way i just ... after studying the cognitive functions i'm still unsure of what i actually use . i will attempt to describe my thought process when approaching a problem and hopefully you can determine what function ... isfp because of weird gore fetish pic yeah but to me estp type 7 makes alot of sense , but he says any type 7 is ne dom . okay now thats awesome but there is something else , grehoy basically said that you cant be estp and enneagram 7 but have seen so many estp 7s so umm what the fuck ? damn thats why i was getting confused . does ni also detect how people are feeling and their motives or if they are lying ? because i can usually tell these things but not always . i'm not a jock or conservative at all :P . i just read this intuition is sometimes described as a “ sixth sense . ” unlike logical or deductive methods , it is a means of knowing without being able to ... il rek u m8 if it was that simple man hey , since my last post didn't lead me to any definite conclusions i thought i'd make another but this time ask all the right questions . first i'l describe myself as best i can . - i space out ... you are probably estp based on what you said . i doubt you are introverted because you said you become bored and depressed when you are alone and since introverts have no problem being alone for long ... your sense of humor is blunt as fuck . outcum ;) ? i would type you estp based purely on that alone . other than that i recommend you take a cognitive functions test and paste your results here and ... hey im new to the forum so best way to start would be to find what i am for sure so here goes . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? every time i did a test i kept ... entps inferior function is introverted sensing ( si ) estp's inferior function is introverted intuition ( ni ) do you have more trouble retaining sensory information or is it more difficult for you ... what do you think i am ? yeah i can agree although some things really confuse me , i have shitty short term memory and suck at retaining information , i'm like a human lie detector and can always tell if someone has an ... thanks man :D the results can vary but its usually goes something like this your cognitive functions are , in order of development : ne - se - ti - fe - ni - si - te - fi your extroverted intuition ( ne ) is ... type 1 perfectionism 26 % type 2helpfulness | 18 % type 3image focus | 34 % type 4individualism | 18 % type 5intellectualism 22 % type 6security focus | | 10 % ... whatever man . so entp then ? how did you draw that conclusion from my enneagram results ? that really wasn't necessary at all and you clearly know nothing about enneagram . oh and you're a bitch ;) [ quote = grehoy ; 7737089 ] do this test and see me when you are done . type 1 perfectionism 26 % type 2helpfulness | 18 % type 3image focus | 34 % type 4individualism | 18 % ... ah shit , alright man i'l take the test again and post the whole thing . those where my test results , what else did you need ? okay so what now ? '