' i was really close friends with an enfp in college until some stuff tore us apart in our friend group . years upon years have passed and she made several attempts to fix it , but i was too hurt to let ... northern lights i freaking love your descriptions of this . you have been very helpful . it would seriously be so cool to meet someone so similar to me . szartsky based on your profile ... i either get asked why i'm so angry or told that i need to smile at least once a day . it is beyond annoying . i'm also pretty even keeled and content majority of the time as long as i'm allowed to ... jumbotoo i'm sure there are others out there . we just aren't in the typical spots . i wish more women were similar to me . i might have some girl friends then ... we went hiking yesterday and it was disheartening to not be able to enjoy the summit completely due to other hikers . some girl kept babbling about how she hiked all the way up herself and her friends ... hahah omg yes i am a bit controlling . good to know i fit you 95 % . part of my need for clarification is that my brother is also intp / istp . i'm trying to observe him in person ( he moved out of the ... i'm not confused about who i am . the descriptions are confused . haha blue ribbon harsh indeed . i obviously wrote this after i was interrupted multiple times by my coworkers to answer the same repetitive questions and the esfj over the wall was going on and on ... omg this just made my morning . lmao northern lights your description was very helpful . it appears that i have been confusing / misinterpreting which cognitive functions my traits fall into . now that i read your perspective , i think i ... jumbotoo chicks can be so uptight about the weirdest things . as if it's not obvious based on a guy's eye movement and facial shifts that they want to sleep with you . it's the same gesture . if ... despite the fact that i haven't met any healthy infps who don't come across as bitter and cynical , i don't hate their type . bitter unhealthy intj's are horrible cocky douches and your encounter was ... i have had this conversation with my intj partner at length . we used to fight a lot because he would do something different than i would have done . my argument typically included me slinging the ... pwowq people tend to notice actions over words , so if you are able to figure out and fix something they have been stumped on for months , it becomes noteworthy . i am the go to person when ... i've outlined my special needs . please review and sign here . i need a replacement mom . one who won't slap me . and who will bed me . i'm going to kill you . you can scream for them . i do like the chase . i work at the morgue . i happen to like corpses . can you play dead well ? i'll put you on ice . don't make a fucking sound . tell me your safe word ? pregnant ? no birth control needed . that is hilarious . i seriously wish i had another istp in my life . everyone seems so freaking boring , concerned what everyone else thinks , and uptight . bah conventionalists . thanks for this thread . i was on the fence for over a year , but have finally narrowed it down to istp . now i'm trying to figure my brother out . he's also either intp or istp . i thought he was the ... omg haha you might be getting me started on the next big rabbit hole . i'll have to let you know when i can read it at home . my work computer is blocking the link right now . so lame . i thought that would be the dead give away too , but i don't just willy nilly tinker with them . i fix them if they need fixed to save money . otherwise i get ass raped at shops thinking i'm just ... thank you candy apple , so i'm not hallucinating . i think this may have been environmental . my dad is an estj and mom is infp . i was a little daddy's girl as a kid and am still very close with ... candy apple that's very in line what i have been reading . however that doesn't really help me when my perception of se and ne is blurred as well as ni and si . i feel like i do a lot of it all ... haha i do this to a crazy extent , sometimes even when it makes no sense just because i don't want to fit into the expected . my mom calls me her rebel without a cause . i drive myself nuts sometimes . i was always so excited to be 18 to be rid of retarded restrictions for things . although murdock is right , living adult life is expensive . i find it disheartening that i am unable to doing things i ... i just posted a thread to sort of get a similar answer . does se have to utilize touch ? i collect data via all sorts of means and was assuming it was se . however , now reading more about ne and si , ... i read over a bunch of the forums on here as well as a ton of istp vs intp comparison , but i feel i need to ask for input from people who have interacted with these types for some clarity . ix92m ... oh lord , i've begged to be moved into the broom closet , if that would make it happen . sadly , they won't move me anywhere except 1 desk over , which solves nothing . i'm not a shy person at all , i just ... that's an interesting perspective and helpful . so some take it as a personal offense that we would rather keep to ourselves . that was sort of the point i was trying to get to , although now looking back my post sounds cynical and / or depressing . it was not my intension . i try to read the situation and act accordingly . i ... that sounds absolutely awful ! ! ! entj's can be pretty overbearing . i've met quite a few . the more i get to know them the less i like them . i don't necessarily agree with that . there are a couple of my coworkers that go out of their way to bother me and laugh about it because they know it irritates me . you dehydrate yourself at work so you can avoid walking to the bathroom and therefore interacting with anyone along the way . you ruin someone's birthday and have no clue why . haha you would rather be in a natural disaster situation than consoling someone about a love life dilemma . are extroverts oblivious to the fact that introverts want to be left alone or are they purposely trying to ruin our day ? i avoid eye contact like it's my job , walking with my head down or angled ... you ask how do you feel ? when discussing relationship issues with you thinker partner and wonder why they shut down . you know you are an introvert when you're biggest fear is having extroverted children . i'm a little disappointed that there are no posts in this thread yet . i totally agree . when i made my comment i was referring to the intj since they prize logic . but they tend to let their fi override and block logic sometimes . at least my so does . i can relate to the fear of change . my intj gets very set in his ways . even on the smallest things like saying i want to do legs at the gym but you get there and everyone is on the legs equipment so ... i'm pretty sure i sit , walk , and talk like a guy , but i have very feminine looks . i just prefer comfort and feeling natural than feeling like i have to act a certain way to fit in . i dress for ... omg sj's drive me nuts with that crap . you poor thing ! i'm istp - living in the moment , always busy , a million hobbies and projects going at any given time , no nonsense yet has childlike energy and quirks , sarcastic , funny apparently , can't understand ... maybe this is me pointing out that obvious thing that the intj misses , but ... intj's say they are not hard to read and if someone isn't sure , they should just ask . so , why not take the same ... omg he says this to me all the time . it literally does not compute for me , but i know how he is . ^ ditch comment , hilarious . i leave him alone for 5 minutes and he falls in a ditch . we hike a ... pretty much . i'm always elaborating and then look at his face , shake my head hopelessly , and just say , you'll know it when you see it . i know this is way late for the post date , but ... i spent many months debating between istp and intp myself . this test helped me . intp or istp test - celebritytypes.com i also realized ... '