' i wasn't with the in crowd , but i wasn't okay with this until the end of seventh grade . ( gosh , i hated junior high . ) i was fairly popular within my many circles of friends , however . stop waving your hands around so much when you talk ! why do you dance everywhere ? why can't you just walk like a normal person ? i like running and cycling , but strictly for fun . i am okay at tennis , but i never really liked it . i abhor team sports , mostly because i am bad at most of them / am not really fond of the people who ... i have dated two nts , an intp and an intj ( still dating the intj , actually ) i experienced only the first stage . both relationships were / are wonderful , we totally got / get each other . ( the ... haha , no , that is princess leia from star wars . i think she is more of an extj . ( whether n or s , i suppose , could be debated elsewhere . ) i love this thread ! this dream was rather intriguing , and different from the usual dreams i have . i felt that certain objects symbolized something , but i have no idea what . last night i dreamed ... viva , i've done pretty much the exact same thing when it comes to guys i could potentially be in a relationship with ! but i only do these sorts of things when it comes to my romantic interests , for ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tN_HVup9oOg i just had a great , soul-searching , intellectual conversation with my best friend . who also happens to be my boyfriend . i thought a friend had a crush on me , and he didn't . i thought a friend didn't have a crush on me ( although i had a crush on him ) and later it turned out he did have a crush on me . and so on ... oh , dude , i just want the tardis . i think i would want to go back to the 60s or 70s . anti-war protests . woodstock . hippies . and disco . bellbottoms . saturday night fever . sounds good to me . ... this is exactly what i look for . kindness is a big one . additionally , i have to be able to hold long , interesting , intellectual conversations with the person , but maybe that's just me . i don't fish for compliments , but i do need constant reassurances that the people i love feel the same way about me . i have a huge fear of being lonely and without love . i used to be a very typically optimistic enfp . i definitely saw the world through rose-colored glasses . then i encountered ignorance , racism , sexism , and a whole host of other things when i ... they're inclined to unexpected contrasts of behavior where shyness and apathy are replaced by emotional elevation , determination and activity , a melancholic look - or inspired / joyful . internally ... i think you're probably reading too much into it . us enfps love to give ( and receive ... ) compliments :) i'm with an intj currently and i positively shower him with compliments , because there are ... i am only serious about my passions : music , writing , and ridding the world of ignorance . well , sometimes people are passions , too , and i'm pretty serious about some of my friendships and my so . my ... i do consider the original trilogy three of the best films ever made ! the first one is my favorite film precisely because it's a bunch of space cowboys cracking jokes , generally being witty and ... as a kid , i used to take star wars seriously . now i know not to . doesn't change how much i love it , though . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=avaSdC0QOUM clearly , i am very sophisticated . i am a little bit obsessed with 20th century russian composers . i've loved peter and the wolf since i was very little . i really love the swan lake suite : ... i love subtitles ! for english films , i rarely use them when i watch a film for the first time , but i do every time after that , because i'm more of a visual person so it's nice to be able to read the ... do androids dream of electric sheep ? by philip k . dick . it's the book that ridley scott based blade runner on , and it's quite good , although i'm only a little into it . the title itself is ... oh , this was so difficult ! star wars is my all-time favorite movie because it doesn't take itself seriously at all . i love the special effects and the idea behind the matrix . and blade runner is one ... definitely blade runner and inception . i also found the dark knight rather thought-provoking , especially the situation with the ships at the end . march of the penguins . because since it's a documentary , i realized that all the crap that happened to the poor penguins in the movie actually happened to them , and there was nothing i could do to ... the complete lego star wars ... the chosen . it gave me an entirely different view of a culture which i now realize as quite alien to mine . also , the god delusion , which solidified my lack of faith . i think that a song of ice and ... i don't know that you can base these things on type ... ? i myself am an nf and an atheist . i rejected religion because i just don't believe any of it , and i don't want to be a hypocrite simply going ... i am usually very approachable , although i'm kind of loud with my opinions sometimes , which can turn away people who disagree with me . also , i've heard that my height makes me look a little ... my best friend ( who i am sort of in a relationship with ) is an intj , and we just understand each other completely . i started talking to him because i was intrigued by him - he's really quiet , ... i am a sucker for british television : bbc sherlock doctor who ( i know several intjs who like this as well ) downton abbey high street dreams and also : star trek ( every series ) snl the ... i get called a hippie ( or some derogatory equivalent , because i live in a very conservative area ) frequently . i suppose i fit the label , although i don't much like labels . it might be because of ... a pair of bright orange shorts and a regular white t-shirt , because i've been meaning to go for a run all day , but i'm too lazy / sore to actually get out of the house ... i can be very quiet and introverted around people who are much louder / more social than me , but around everyone else i'm my normal outgoing self . although isn't the whole social chameleon thing quite ... hello , my name is piper and i'm an enfp from texas ! i've known my type for a while , but i just recently became interested in mbti , enneagrams , etc . i'm really excited to be here :) '