' welcome fellow intj . we may be rare , but the internet is our refuge so we gather in great numbers . then we insult each other endlessly , enjoy : crazy : i like nevermore , why do you want to change it ? hahaha you found my in case of zombie apocalypse hand book ? yes im an intj and i have plans for traps and impenetrable defences against zombies . best seat to watch to world go to pieces . continue to live in society ... without killing them all . even when im down i dont dislike myself , just become apathetic . i wouldn't want to be any other way ; i guess no improving on perfection . well i might of disliked myself when i was a teenager , now im ... some people here seem to have a real problem with the pseudo-science of astrology , i wouldn't be completely against saying that mbti is pseudo-science . btw im leo , intj , 6w5 . edit : thought ... intj atheist and religious . ... why ? are you american and think it's a fake word ? ok my initial plan was to invade okinawa from china , but ill keep things simple . 1 . so im going to support dprk in their brave mission in pushing out the us imperialists and establish a united ... ill do a full layout of what moves id do later , i want to know how to we assume how china and russia will react ? since i would have to know if either would turn on dprk , or if i supported dprk could ... restless source of life on our planet , ever moving and changing . the ocean acts as the blood of our planet , directly supports massive amount of life ; as well as linking land masses together , no life ... i love beards , i got a beard which i've been growing for a few months . even before i had hair on my chiny chin chin , i knew i wanted one . i got one problem my hair on my cheeks is fine , so my ... thank you both for your replies . i tend to have a good ability of reading body language , but only in terms of true and false indicators . i'm a type 6 enneagram , which are very ... for as long as i can remember i've had this dark shroud over me , it got worse when i became an adolescent then plateaued as i got into early adulthood . as a natural reflex i slipped into a world of ... all should have a bottle of eye bleach in their pockets while being exposed to the nasties of the internet . i've sen a few of these videos , mostly from russian neo-nazi type , who kidnapped innocent ... thanks to the uk government im not going to university , as an intj its made me even more dead inside . so only as far as high school =/ 1 : what's your mbti type ? - intj 2 : what's your gender ? - male 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? - eldest 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? - ... sometimes he puts the most random objects into my bags , and then when i get home i find them and return the favor by pranking him back . as an intj id say this indicates he's into you . a top a mountain , something like machu picchu but for one . no one to ever disturb me , ofc with a massive library . i often read a book which contains a large collection of works by h . p lovecraft before i go to sleep , the worst nightmare i ever had is thanks to one of those stories .. i was climbing down a long ... i could spend a life time attempting to morph society into a productive state ... but then i know i'd have to do it again in my next life . i'm not really provoked into these ideal from a political ... the idea of setting myself apart from society and all desire of material things , has been on my mind a lot the past year or so . i have spent a lot of time thinking over the philosophy of buddhism , ... council communist would be the best label as such to describe my political ideaology . the world is soooooo wonderful and loving , then its all like boooshhwheehewiew and mean , then someone give me a hug and im like yaaayyaaa ! ! ! for some weird like reason , i put things ... well i guess because i don't talk much when i do it always sounds forced , especially when i answer the phone . but if im explaining something that im comfortable with its louder and more direct , it ... you measured your penis in ' bits ' . i have one thing to say , lenin was right , the highest stage of capitalism is imperialism . yeah i also like shakespeare , i picked it up quite easily at school , one of the few time i did well in english class . i've had a few moment of what could be called intense rage , to the point i can't remember what i did . you always get to the point where you snap out and your like wtf , happened once i snapped out ... i've got a question for the other dyslexics , i have better reading ability when reading old english ; say like 1700s type of english . does anyone else find this true with yourself ? i am always ... phrase : this cat is google : this cat is horseshit yahoo : this cat is a landmine google for sure . only worst offenders based on circumstances , cold blooded serial killer : fry , serial rapist : fry . must be convicted of multiple crimes of high degree . i would rather not have the death penalty , but i ... mom : infp < < still a bit unsure on my mom dad : istj desires to save the world ? worker revolution . when it comes down to improve ones community its inevitable to be based on their ideals . for me contributing to a charity is a waist of time , since ... i normally stick to one project , but one project ill create many tests and compositional pieces to test , which i do at the same time ; then my main piece gets completed with my little ones as ... well a bit of messy hair , slightly grown out beard , and neatish appearance . i end up wearing unkept casual-smart clothing , jeans , jacket , shirt and tie if i feel like it ; oh and a hat , i like ... lol , now i know for sure im intj =P there is one thing that i've been looking at in regards to the j / p area of my type ; one thing i think that in the tests that i found not clear is when they ask about deadlines . for me deadlines or ... as hosker said , i too hate small talk . if there is a topic in which i know i can contribute , then ok i can deal with it . if the subject is just an irrational subject , then im wishing they'd all die ; ... thank you all =D well ... live on a island that with huge research facilities ... and it was all mine no one else there but me . ofc i get to choose what im researching ! doubt anyone needs an explanation as to ... i hope ron paul become us president . because then the revolution would come sooner ;P i'm a pantheist with dualist tendencies . with the basic inception that , since all exists , that in itself shows its divinity . note : i don't mean it exists so something must of created it , all ... yeah im in the same boat , most at first don't realize , but when it comes down to what is bold in your comment it becomes very evident ; also i can't spell in my head i need to write it down . i really ... email ... what it works in two directions . pfff what would i need to send emails for ? i'd consider being a janitor , would allow me the flexibility to construct my own projects in peace ; * cough * world domination * cough * . i was just wondering are there any other intj that have dyslexia ? i had quite a hard time as a kid with reading and writing , and other things which causes issues in other subjects . reading up on the ... registered since i was looking at the intj section and a its so damn funny there , in the intj sense . i am starting to think that maybe there is something wrong with this online test ; since there ... '