' * * * i want to add that i think the experience i did have with pharmaceuticals , that day of happy , and since that recalibrating my norm to be in a much better place ( having a bad night , sorry ! ) , ... i've dealt with depression my entire life as well , though it took years and years to be aware of that , as it's basically my norm . i want to say that i believe depression is bidirectional in terms of ... martian child mulholland drive decent in praise of love those all fucked me up , erm , affected me deeply and needed time to digest . well , you're not a j type , so i suspect you don't need to have it all figured out in advance as much as you're perhaps overwhelmed with all the possible scenarios you can imagine , knowing full well ... geez loise . sounds like the despair , frustration , and confusion you mention are your feelings screaming to be heard against the thick safe wall of your intellect , where you are attempting to escape ... so , how is the quest for emotional experience coming along ? did you read the book ? i feel my essence is immaterial , not of matter but of energy , an energy of consciousness , so really i feel my essence is my consciousness . my consciousness is my being . yet there is so much more to ... i think it is fine to have an ulterior intellectual motivation : hmmm , i would like to expand my fe , perhaps i will make a post to the infps and excavate their secrets muahahahahahaha ... however , ... i know she gets into specific emotions later in the book , but as far as i've gotten she's mostly been intellectually explaining her paradigm of the human psyche - how emotions work and fit into it , ... i just started this book , and i love it . i think she writes in such a way that she's not over intellectualizing emotions themselves , but she honors the intellect as much as emotions and i think that ... you . are . a . robot . i don't have an objective perspective on the world , so i can't say if there is a balance in the spectrum of joy and pain . however , how many people fell in love to day ? my sister got married ... it helps me to think of it as meditative . seriously , i found being a dishwasher meditative . try to get in ' the zone ' and it's possible for it to be energizing even ! ! ! not always easy to do , and often ... ... and your hopes , and your fears , and your joy , and your sorrow , your pleasure ... and your pain ! is it empathy to feel another's pain only ? i know it's the title of the thread , but ... i think it's ... empathy , literally ! lately my dreams have been really real , like i'm somatically experiencing my dreams . which can be great , but it can also be awful - when it comes to pain for example . i think ... favorite movie that i've seen a million times since childhood : the last unicorn , in all it's questing mythical glory . favorite movie i saw once that shook me to the core : youth without youth - ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CMhfnliKGn8 keepin it real 17191 i actually hate sneezing ! nothing orgasmic about it for me :( in fact i get really pissed off and start swearing * achoo * fuck ! * achooachoachoachooo * fuckinghell until i just start crying in ... 17188 those moments of pure joyous laughter - the most perfect unity . actually , i wouldn't be surprised if she was infp wow , thanks for expanding upon and sharing your thoughts . i'm actually pretty sick and tired at the moment ( literally ! ) but this reminded me of something i came up with in a stupid english class , ... i remember when i used to think this way - attempting to brainwash myself even , that love is the only thing that matters ... yes , and when our sensory experience can merge with our inner experience , it's such an awesome transcendent feeling isn't it ? :) that's exactly it - knowing it's a good practice , then actually ... yeah , that's usually meant in a patronizing way to us infp types , but , i've found it to be a good balancing practice to cultivate my sensory experience of being - it's so easy to loose myself in the ... i'd like to share this passage i recently come across , in reading about viktor frankl's logotherapy . ultimate meaningfulness - seems that's the fi-driven quest ! not only ultimate meaningfulness , ... http://youtu.be/v9svxE49Ngs so interesting - thanks for posting . i think looking at these things in the context of enneagram is especially helpful for healing , as it encompasses a range of both unhealthy levels and healthy ... belle makes perfect sense to me ! being able to see the true essence despite the surface appearance for one thing :) it hurts . it hurts even more to pretend it's ok . but not as much as having to talk about it . that's what i do on the rare occasion i have some sort of party - and it always hits me once everyone gets there that most of them don't know each other , and i'm so bad at interacting with people ... congrats , and i must say ... finally ! ! ! http://www.jamisonking.com/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/robot-turtle_web.jpg i was actually asked this in an interview the other day - i said johnny depp . then i went on a tangent how i wasn't trying to make a statement about gender , it's just that he plays such interesting , ... yes my old enfp friend could bring it out of me like no one else - though when it went bad it went really bad : frustrating : though i was happy when i first found pc and realized that though it's a ... thank you . that's the thing too ... when you are faithful to faith , so to speak , sometimes what feels like emptiness at first forces ( or invites , to be more positive ! ) us to find a higher ... thanks everyone ! i had an epiphany of my own this morning that i want to share too - i had a dream about a hummingbird last night , i tried to catch it ( i'm good at catching birds irl ) , and i felt how ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm_3mwmpmWI how have you learned to cope , to endure , to heal ? it's like overwhelming positive emotions are great , but then we get the equal and opposite overwhelming negative emotions ... i actually don't even ... exactly . the mind freeze is the hardest part too . i feel like i may as well start drooling while i'm at it , at that point . j / k . i find it easier to hide in group situations , than one on one . though i prefer one on one connections ... i can have a hard time with them if i'm shutting down inside . do you know your enneagram ? ... for me too ... i love violin concertos for this reason . youtube - heifetz-mendelssohn violin concerto e minor ( op . 64 ) - part 1 my motto has become ' delusion dreams , realistic goals ' ... that's my recipe for making dreams come true anyway :) i mean ... dreams are supposed to be unrealistic ! ! ! and clinging to them , ... i think aya takano likes to paint infps :) http://www.galerieperrotin.com/FM_WEB/oeuvre/photo/Aya_Takano/aya-takano-9362_1.jpg freaking out i am freaking out having to go meet someone for coffee for the first time ! i have been rendered almost completely disfunctional with social anxiety ! yet i know i'll go and i'll probably have fun and ... did they start relationships , or didn't they ? oh ho ! http://g.virbcdn.com/i/resize_575x575/PageImage-352801-1548403-ooak493.JPG are you talking about romantic fantasies only ? problem is i'll play them out thinking it's real only for reality to smack me in the face . disillusionment's a bitch i like to say . though i fear i've ... i suspect us introverted types may be a less obvious kind of crazy , we keep our crazy on the inside ... or , stay inside for the crazy . this is the last song that made me cry . ( i just heard it a few days ago for the first time ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DuLTxgDVXA '