yes . : blushed : very clumsy . i have bruises . everywhere . i don't even know how most of them happened . i've always been clumsy . i just can't ... be observant . i literally just had this conversation ... oh my god , yes . xd that's exactly how i feel . i've changed a great deal in my life . when i was younger , i was very active and i was a kinesthetic learner . as i got older , i became more quiet and introspective and i find now i'm a visual learner ... i only got a 3 on the ap exam and my college only accepts 4 or higher . plus , i want to take it again because i rather enjoyed calculus and i want to keep my brain fresh on math . unfortunately , the ... i don't like taking risks . but i'm always open to new ideas . i'm a thinker , not a doer . i won't go on adventures unless i'm forced , but i'll happily listen to someone share a brilliant idea they have . that's a good question . i can tell you how i study . i have different methods for different classes . for math i usually study by practicing problems in my textbook that weren't assigned for homework ... least ... science . i hated chemistry and physics and astronomy . the only science class i ever enjoyed was biology . my favorite class this year was probably ap calculus . my favorite class in high ... here's the schedule i want to take : - calculus 1 ( 5 credits ) - music theory ( 2 credits ) - ear training ( 1 credits ) - english inquiry ( 4 credits ) - college transition course ( 1 credit ) - ... yeah , some of those questions i felt like had nothing to do with empathy . :/ 57 . about what i expected . i was always semi-good at math . i was probably a little above average , but never talented . this was true until i took pre-calculus . none of precalculus was intuitive for me at all . i think i failed ... i don't think i could be compatible with someone my own type . i'd want someone to balance me out - not be exactly like me . my favorite kids are in 1st - 3rd grade . so that's ages 6-9 ? i think kids at this age are the best because they can comprehend more things than 1-3 year olds , but they haven't really gotten a sense of ... unfortunately , i know this first hand . t . t that was wonderfully explained . sometimes i tend to look down on other people for being social because they're so different from me . i never think to myself that they're just being themselves . i like ... i always wondered about that . but yes - i do connect with children very easily , but only if it's on a one-to-one basis . i can't handle 30 children at once . if it's just one or two , it's fairly easy ... thank you both for your kind responses . i appreciate your advice . most of these people aren't my friends . i wouldn't normally hang out with these people , but lately , i've been forced into these ... i'm so tired of people . : unsure : i just want to be able to be myself without anyone forcing me to be something ix92m not or criticizing me for wanting to be who i am . maybe i donx 92t want to be part ... today my friend called me out for not being emotional enough . is that weird ? something really good happened in her life recently and she apparently felt hurt that i've been acting ' indifferent ' about ... you remind me of myself . haha . welcome , i guess . ^ - ^ i'm borderline ( p / j ) so i definitely slip into infj . happy . . . tuesday ? :D that's also one of my biggest problems . it's hard . during my junior year of high school i spent a lot of time feeling depressed because i let people exploit my weakness / niceness . if you haven't ... i would change that half the people in the world don't get a decent education ... i would make education accessible to everyone . i believe that all of the problems in the world come from lack of ... eddie vedder ! i really love longing to belong . i only recently came across his music , but he's pretty great , isn't he ? :D thanks for the suggestion . some of my favorite songs : vienna - billy joel movin ' out - billy joel everybody wants to rule the world - tears for fears ruby tuesday - rolling stones joy to the world - three dog night ... i don't really feel like i chose to be an introvert - much like any homosexual person would argue that being gay isn't a choice . it's just who you are . but i guess the reason an introvert is what i ... when you get in trouble at school for not speaking in class . t_t or when your friends get angry that you never want to hang out ... boards like these make my life . :) sometimes i love laughing at myself . ugh ! posts like this just bring up so many feelings in me . t_t this is entirely relevant for me because i really really want to go to college and experience something other than this tiny place i ... oh my gosh . this for sure . i'm seriously guilty of all of these . haha . sometimes i imagine my life as some kind of beautiful tragedy . i'll imagine people in my life committing suicide or . . . getting murdered or raped . then i'll carry out these fantasies by writing ... isn't that the story of all our lives ... :( i have the same issue . but i think for me the n is dominant because i tend to retract into myself a lot and i'm not very detail oriented . i like to ... bullying is a force that pushes on all of us equally . the bullies realize this and they do everything they can to push the force down on the weaker people . bullying doesn't discriminate . i'm pretty ... i was bullied and i still occasionally feel bullied . it didn't start until 9th grade and really escalated in 10th and 11th grade . once i finally learned how to deal with it , the bullying lessened . i ... 1 . you don't always have to follow the crowd . 2 . never apologize for wanting to be alone . 3 . trust your gut . ( your intuition . ) don't second guess yourself . 4 . it's okay to be an idealist . don't ... istj and entj and estj i am an infp . funny as it seems , esfj's don't usually irritate me . i rather like it when friendly people approach me . granted i won't usually approach them , but i'd rather ... i really enjoy jodi picoult novels ... my sister's keeper salem falls house rules sing you home wow , i'm totally an intuitive ! ! ! before i found this site i couldn't decide whether i was an infp or an isfp . after reading this i can confidently say i am an intuitive rather than a sensor . :) ...