' i know that . i was just kind of giggling at the tone the op seemed to take about his son . congratulations to your boy . welcome to the intj master race . why are so concerned with his prospects with women ? let him focus on his career or higher education . the rest will come naturally .  ... personally , i believe in the original intent of the us constitution as set out by madison . but ... just to clarify things : this is the right wing : 94466 and this is the left wing : 94467 modern feminism in the first world is joke . i drew a few unintended gasps . how am i supposed to have compassion for someone i don't even really know ? girl i sit near in a class : you would be sad if i died , wouldn't you ? me : i don't know . i was only being honest . what do you mean less cynical ? http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view1/3685260/scumbag-steve-o.gif estp this is a quote from my family . my god is distant and somewhat cold , and expects you to use your free will to live your life . so yes , i think it rationality and religion can fit , though just not the way it's commonly ... to my fellow intjs : is my school prom a life experience i need to have that i will regret not going to ? as an intj , i would like to say that i find cats wholly unappealing . i do , however , see the parallels between my type and cats . finally stickied ! thanks mods . you are quite welcome . why is this thread not a sticky ? stop worrying about small things and things beyond your hands ( current events , the actions of others , etc ) . just accept that bad things happen and focus on what you love . the umbraic light your intx is so true . that's one of my favorite smiths songs ... hmm ... the puppy is the intj ? </sarcasm> my death stare only emerges when i'm dealing with an extremely stupid person who will argue and debate , even though their positions will never change . i have a fairly good istj friend . we have a similar sense of humor and get along alright . he drives me nuts sometimes though . flirting ? no , i wouldn't try that . intjs find flirting tedious and silly . being intellectual helps . intj : http://gifs.gifbin.com/052009/1243237840_spocks-eyebrow.gif riiight , apologies , there was a poster i thought was the op laying down some serious generalizations about intjs , claiming that we're all calculating and seek to belittle people . the poster was an istp . the op . i need to fix that . i love me . i'm the writer of my favorite ( unpublished ) sf stories . i'm done here . i'll not be told i'm an emotionless , insincere automaton simply because i have a certain set of personality traits . every response i've received from vion is a set of jumbled sat words ... this what a special occasion recently . i was dressed in an expensive suit . random girl : wow , that's a nice suit . you look good . me : i know . that's why i'm wearing it . dirty look ensues i think this is a case of misunderstanding mbti or the intj typing specifically . again , anyone can really have immaturity issues no matter their type . and calling me out for reading between ... did we have a bad relationship with an intj ? anyone of any type can be the things you just described , and are in no way exclusive to intjs . i'm an intj and i tend to joke around and laugh a lot . i'm not sure i act as an amoral feeling-less robot . this is me at the end of every english course i've taken . why would i want everyone to be an intj ? that would be boring and i don't think human society can function without each type . intj in conversation with random person : http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view4/1134170/spock-orly-o.gif what you were saying ... incredibly fascinating ( / sarcasm ) . now , let me get back to what i doing ... can't be intjs judging from the second gif . he's far too animated . physical looks aside , i am proud to say i've never worn sweatpants or gym shorts outside of workouts or my home . i don't much careif others find me physically attractive . you see , the idiots i have to deal with are convinced that they are smart because bureaucrats have convinced them to take courses way beyond their understanding . possibly , but only if i see the woman to be up to my standard . je ne pais le tempe my spelling might be a bit off . ' hanging out ' = waste of time for me . i see most of the people i wish to speak with in school , why do i need to see them outside of that ? thanks for the advice . resident evil 4 . i think i've completed that game 8 times over . it's one of those games that never gets repetitive . strange moon a good choice indeed . anything rammstein for me . cheveyo i need to add fire frei to my playlist . emotionally unstable ? i internalize most of my feelings . is that unstable ? those kids didn't deserve their fate in the slightest , but yes the media coverage of these things is always way too much . i think chicago has enough homicides to the point where it's about the one ... the title explains it . who are your historical or contemporary heroes ? they don't need to be intj necessarily . for me , i would say : vice admiral nelson - superb naval commander , led the royal ... i pick neutral good for my characters , as that's how i see my real life morals - i respect the law , but feel they can be bent or broken if good needs to be done . '