' a simplistic mbti definition of it : intuition refers to how people process data . intuitive people focus on the future and the possibilities . they process information through patterns and ... anyway , i am not against holistic if it is balanced and reasonable . holistic makes sense from even a scientific sense in looking at the body as a system with many parts that if one is off , the rest ... healthy living is one thing . i believe balance and moderation are key and you are what you eat . you will feel better physically eating an apple than eating an oreo ( yet your brain decides the oreo ... tell that to my istj husband or my esfj mom . my husband is a person with a master degree and works as an architect and is very well learned . my mom is exceptionally well read , into complicated social ... i would believe that it has more to do with what is appropriate in their culture and what is being allowed to be shown . in other words , even an extrovert in those nordic countries would be more ... an infj brought up whether there are natural subscribing entps or ones that believe in conspiracy theories , which made me think . although i am open to any theory and actually find them very ... we're all over the place with many different interest so i don't think you can pin us down . like desire said , it's more chance . also , chances are you will meet an estp that you will swear is an entp ... i would say it is rare someone intimidates me even people that should . i used to work with a senior level director who intimidated most people . people tended to bend to him because he was intelligent ... i miss my kitties . i had a cat i had since college die about 6 years ago and i had to give up my other cat because my son was allergic and we could not get his gerd controlled . he seems to be doing ... i am not talking about your thoughts about the age gap . the younger person rarely sees the age gap as an issue because they think of themselves older than what they appear to an older person . to the ... omg , seriously that is the most horrifying thing i have ever seen ! that does not do anything for me desire machine but i can see how it would . now , if they had a picture of tom hiddleston in that amount of undress , it would definitely do something for me . although i don't think submissive-dominant really defines many relationships . i would say relationships ( no matter what the orientations are ) tend to fluctuate who is dominant or submissive depending ... i tell you , we are ( almost ) always on the same wavelength . i agree . i think if you are bi / gay / or straight , once you have found someone that you want to be monogamous with , i don't think it is repression to be with them . you focus your love , attention , sex on ... i'm going to go out on a limb here and say that entp and mbti in general do not shape sexuality or the type of relationships that satisfy you . i think the only thing that is the difference between ... i honestly think there isn't a downsize in general . the only issue is if we are regularly being taken advantage of ; however , we aren't easily hoodwinked either when it is important . we just don't ... i find i almost use si to recall how someone reacted before along with my fe as i have gotten older . at least in my case , i usually am surprised when someone gets upset about something i would never ... we usually are . it's hard to be pessimistic when we don't see much as a failure ( because we never had expectations for something to go a certain way in the first place ) , don't dwell on the past , ... i really should watch that show some time ( although i have a queue of about 12 shows i need to see ) . i've had about 5 people tell me i need to see it . one of my drillers ( who i talk geek shows with ... i have a few thoughts about this in my experience being married to an xstj for 14 years and seeing some friends xstjs in marriages with nps . these are things that have been issues between our ... ok . i'm a little unclear . are you in a relationship with an entp or do you want to be ? i'm married to an istj and have seen an estj woman's relationship issues with an enxp so i have a clue . the ... i subscribe to the girl scout idea to leave the place better than you found it meaning i am not a huge fan of serendipity and some nebulas meaning of life but feel it is up to me to create my own ... i think there was a movie that already addressed this . you must choose the blue pill or the red one . desire machine you've brought this up before and i didn't quite exactly got what you mean but i get it now . i understood in the concept that we have the same conscious functions as an xsfj and ... it is interesting how it seems to affect people . my mom has addictive behaviors . she was a smoker for years ( 2-3 packs a day ) . however , like a good esfj , when the doctor basically told her she had a ... i'm not saying ( and neither is the cognitive function theories ) that you only use the four functions in your stack . they are stacked in the preference you tend to use them and some tend only to come ... as a parent , i am truly empathetic ( a rare thing for someone such as myself ) . it pains me to think about being in the same situation with my own kids and can't really imagine how you guys are dealing ... it is so hard because meds keep the patient sane and functional but tend to make them so neutral that they aren't like themselves . what do you do though . you are between a rock and a hard place . i ... fueled , psychology is very relative and we all show symptoms of many different psychological conditions . it isn't a science so that is part of it . i got my head ripped off by people on here who are ... i am wondering though , again , i believe you also are an older entp on here who was a younger child during the 80s , not the 1990s when adhd became a popular diagnoses ( hence why they called it ... i don't doubt se tends to affect sensors the same way as ne affects us . based on what you are saying , that sounds like ne . physically noticing something is not necessarily se , the meandering thoughts ... now that orphan black is gone and i can't get my clone fix , i'll guess this will do: sarah-estp impulsive , unsettled , thrill-seeking . when she runs off to be alone , she goes to clubs to meet ... i think someone described it entps are looking for the win / win solution , not the win / lose . i think it is our not as developed si when that happens . my istj husband is leading si and it is an extremely common thing for him to do . i find it is when his poorly developed ne ( in the same ... in a way it is p ( because that ties to the extroverted function ) but really it is the ne in your secondary position that gets you ( the emotional sensitivity is your leading fi ) . ne is the function ... you , like me , are on the older side for adhd's popularity ( btw , hyperactive is what they called most kids with mild adhd , those kids tend to be put on meds now ) . it really was starting 1990 when the ... i would suggest looking at posts from women in the entp and estp forums and seeing who seems to be more your thought process . the descriptions for both tend to be written assuming the extp is a male ... i've worked with my boss for 17 years ( at two different companies ) . he already knows how i work so me saying that i have adhd all of a sudden would not be much of a benefit . i just wonder how a doctor would diagnose it . i seems , when i was a child , they tended not to diagnose unless it was causing major issues with normal every day functions . as long as the kid was ... i think it is ne-ti , and not fe at all that says it's fine for the fi-dom to go . we very much think of people as individuals , meaning that everyone can do what they want and one person's wants should ... i am right there with you . i would look that someone else would deal with them first . i'm not an esfj . i'm just saying that i would notice them regardless if i really wanted to deal with them and if ... i don't do anything that i don't want to do ... period . that's something that parents of entps find out early and usually frustrate the heck of them . the thing is want is relative . most of the ... fe in an entp tends to manifest one of two ways , either we are recognizing other people's emotions and reacting to them ( often in a logical way ) or it is having the moods of other people dictating my ... really , entps being competitive ? that list is ridiculous . i think there is a thread on here about being competitive and based on the responses , very few entps are competitive with other people ( and ... this list is just a pile of stereotypes ( and actually not very accurate stereotypes because they could apply to several mbtis and some don't really apply to entps-like stealing other people's jobs-we ... my husband being a xstj tends to focus on respect over the mushy-ness of love . he sees it as me not respecting him when i go against something he wants or forgets to do something he really wanted me ... yep . for some reason empty water glasses with not a drop of condensation could hurt the wood :) the ending of that fight with could you do it because you love me and it would make me happy though ... man , there is not much of a honeymoon phase between an sj and np but if you have similar ideas and values , it is exactly how fueled describes it , you pick up each other's slack . i think other types ... fueled , us and our sj loves . we must be a gluttony for punishment but i am sure our sjs would definitely say they got the raw end of the deal . '