' oh yes . that spells trouble in short order , esp when i'm repressing it out of shame or hurt . i wind up deep-sixing , my feelings go away entirely , i turn into a ghost . the best thing for it is to ... my enfp twin says the same thing . she said she knows an fe-primary at a glance because of what she calls the heat . she says the fe-primaries feel like open furnaces or volcanoes . the immature ones have a way of deeply gouging other people with their angry fangs . that brings out my slapping hand pretty fast . welcome and mingle / / creepy fe voice / / lol ! wow , i'm not sure how great i am at giving advice on a function i use without conscious thought , but ... one of the best ways to start encouraging fe development is paying attention to social ... to be fair , i frequently refer to istps as my shadow , and to istjs as my engima . istps and i usually get on like a house on fire , especially the ones with high intuition . i had one for a best ... giver sounds like doormat . i've heard pedagogue . again , that sounds like a stuffy little man hiding inside the stacks in a library . how about body snatcher ? * grins * cute girl ! she and i are very yin-yang . i have a boatload of hot and typically male energy . she's very cooling . we're archetypal fire and water . i heat things up for her , she cools my hot head . it helps ... nice ugly double standard you're nursing there , cowboy . as an enfj , as a girl , i would care . you cannot hold someone as an adult in an adult relationship to standards that you yourself cannot ... i know many identical twin pairs - - as an example , an enfp / intp pair , and entp / intp pair . with identicals , the split is usually close personality-wise . :) as an enfp / xnfj pair , sis and i consider ... me ( enfj ) and my enfp twin . 49692 hahahah ! so true ! :) * steepled mr . burns fingers * eeexxcellent ... my sister informs me that i had the chilly irascibility of an infj and the temper of an enfj . i'm a hideous chimera . good times . :D scottish , welsh , norman french and hessian on my mother's side . scottish and cherokee indian on my father's . good god . it's like a vulcan mindmeld for me - - uncontrollable merging . the other person is mutually attracted , but usually terrified of me . or some emotional pyro with a masochistic bent who wants to go ... i like the term ' rape-y ' . it sounds infp . lol c'mon over to the dark side . the villains are cooler anyway . * laughs * :D yes . yes . so true . i don't have the option of * not feeling * , so people gotta get out of my way . my anger manifests itself first in minor irritation , some pointed remarks . i try to get it under control , because that's part of being an adult and handling yourself responsibly , so what i'm about to ... i like how this guy started a thread about forcing his love on us , and then gets banned . but we didn't even get to the roofie coladas ! xntps , generally . yes , i have an affect , you might say . not on everyone , naturally , but it's difficult to not know i'm there , even when i'm silent . i'm in no way terrifically extroverted . i prefer to stand within a ... i love this thread because she said rad . awesome . i know several enfj guys , but we've locked them in a closet for the safety of the world's womenfolk . my past history included isfp , estp , intp , istp , and entp . i've been pursued by other types than those listed , but it was one-sided . i want an entp . i like the ne-fe . i'm glad you're enjoying yourself ! i have an esfp best friend ! ! ! * hearts * i've had to explain to my enfp sister how her pain affects me . i take insults or bad treatment of my loved ones as personal insults , and i didn't realize i ... yes , i've been known to do this . also , to whip out my istp shadow like a shiv if i really don't like / trust someone . i find what i * can * be to others far more addicting . the emotional-psychic high we get off each other without even touching . it's the implications , the subtlety , like how far can he take this ? i ... my entj best friend told me today that if anyone is cutting an ear off , it's for you . she was kidding , but not . that's either amazing or awful . i haven't decided yet ! :/ i can get pretty high off the vibrations of others mingled with mine , but as to physical sex , i have to have a connection . something like pow ... otherwise it isn't worth it to me . i say this too . all the time , actually . :( i feel like a selfish hot-headed meanie most of the time . i'm not overwrought . :( please don't say that . please . my tits are not that big , but they are glorious . at least that's what the mammogram lady said today . it's not an intellectual internet post without ad hominem in it . indeed . say what ... my enfp twin sister has prepared me for this moment . * ahem * i despise kittens , handicapped people , justice , mercy , and honesty ! liars are awesome ! hypocrites excite me ! how'd i do ? * grins * oh man , i know exactly how this feels . :( i'm truly truly sorry . when you have to make that decision , sometimes people don't understand just how far they've pushed you . when i cut someone off , it ... you know what ? tell him to knock it off . tell him you don't think it's funny , that you've respected his right to not like or own a cat , but you do like them and what he's saying makes you feel weird ... oh wow , where to start . 1 . passive-aggression and guilt trips - those will flip my kill switch faster than just about anything . whatever you'd hoped to get from me is now utterly lost , and i ... because i'm watson-y , so very very watson-y . : - she's got me beat in the style and poise departments . : and the boobies . alllways with the boobies . jd seems like an extroverting infj . i would absolutely take him for an fe-intensive nfj . not meant to be . there * was * a girl . the fact that both your tone * and * your approach have not varied in a span of many many months , well , that's of interest . there was no potential in your ... thank you for humoring me . :) i find i have a good dynamic with my intj best friend , but i think ultimately , we're too similar . to that , i mean to say , we both have a boatload of ni and our js ... we've crossed paths before , adasta . did you ever forgive her , the enfj that broke your heart ? whatever you've chosen , the bitterness of the old wound is still there in your words . i have an esfj friend , and when we talk to each other , it's like having some crazy vulcan mind-meld . o . o but , i would say in a romantic sense , that would be a lot of fe-primary flying around . i mean , ... how so ? perhaps the ones of your acquaintance ? romantically , both of those types with an enfj would be disastrous . : if he's anything like gael garcia bernal , i will tear his pants off right now . that's an infp i can get with . '