' nuclear since other folks have mentioned it , i do not like new fashion either . well , i don't go looking for it . i happen to shop the newest trends because that's what the stores put out ... apparently lace is ... i seem to have lost the ability to read minds at this exact moment , so i'm sorry i can't help , but i'll try later . :) plans thanks for all of the continued responses with my dilemma ! it's very helpful ! èlerin that description is interesting . it gives another twist on things focusing on cognitive functions , in my ... you make a good point in that i shouldn't be so focused on it as to have to know . i guess i could live without knowing . i just kind of wish i could be like some others that test consistently all the ... lover falcon enthusiast i do not think it's quite possible for me to be confused anymore than i am now . not that you explained it horribly or anything but that your first chunk of information completely ... united kingdom this is interesting stuff . at first i was thinking hey i do the ni thing , but really it's more si and a little unattractive ... not dreamy . i'm a server and get asked a lot of questions on what's ... the reason why i wrote intp off was because of the fact that i barely use fe and it's in their top 4 . to me i figured ti is at least in position 6 for istjs i've joined other intp groups before ... birthday thanks for the tidbit on posts . was not aware of that . :P i can never come up with specific answers when asked this question . the istj profile i would say sounds spot on , but i guess since i've ... burning funny you should ask . i figured i should change it , maybe some people don't like looking at my feet , idk , point is i decided to change it . :P i like to take pictures of nature , a little side ... darn , i was totally going to ask that you take a shot at typing me : happy : ... yes i still doubt my type because i still don't feel 100 % sure . i guess this is also awkward since this thread is ... electrocution . magician awww , it's almost like you read my mind . :) in reference to the bold i was very aware of this as i typed it . i've had it done to me and after a quick well wait a minute ... i let it go . i think ... hmmm , i would have thought networking would be tougher and programming easy ( or easier ) . but i mean ... i haven't really done either so i don't actually know ... just first impressions . i was kind of ... bb gun i'm not saying that . i just don't like getting simple tasks or being treated as if i have no knowledge or capabilities . if i read what you described wrong then i apologize , but that's what it sounded ... only just a smidgen . :) people are frustrating , but much of that can be due to individual preference i think . well if mongooses are anywhere near as curious as i am then maybe . i saw the ... aww , that sounds kind of disappointing . but hey , i guess i'll have to start somewhere . :P hopefully i can deal with it ... equations welcome to the forum , hope you stick around as well . :) ouch , this thread hurts . not really . i don't know you . you don't know me . i think others on the first page have made some valid points though , and even your canadian friend pointing out ... very nicely explained chanceyrose . :) okay so i'm going to a community college for an associate's degree and going from there . i talked to a counselor about transferred credits and he took that very seriously and i was kind of ... julia bell that's such a good point ! though for some of the introverts who don't seem to know about the mbti they may link all of those qualities to extroversion : wanting to control me to be like ... parole officer lol @ the mystery . i have a weak fe , so i could see someone with a strong fe being a problem but i've only recently gotten in to cognitive functions . i also don't get too close to many people ... alcoholic my enfp boyfriend does this and it drives me crazy . i am trying to accept it because i could see it coming in handy ; me being oblivious and him pointing out danger . but normally i feel comfortable in ... prodigy figure that's an interesting point of view . i would not have thought of it that way . thought hormonal blind omg , how did you find these ! i got nothing like this lol . the last one is so true though , omg ... lol . i second the flashing light too . aries . happy birthday fellow aries . :) i scored highest on expressing regret and genuinely repent ... both with a 7 . i chose genuinely repent in the poll because i would prefer that over i'm sorry which can sound so insincere . it's ... apparently istjs lack this humour thing . anyone been to pinterest for istj graphics ? lots of stone-facing going on there . i actually had a chuckle or two with the intjs . i've actually wished i was ... mathematics amount welcome to the forum . welcome to the group ! welcome to perc , hope you enjoy it here . '