' i find this with my partner , who is an isfp . we've been together about 7 months now , and we're talking about moving in together at some point after christmas . ages ago i wrote this long thing about ... i don't play the game . i smile politely and let them have the glory , i say they are very good at whatever it is they aspire towards . otherwise you end up in piontless competition or arguments all ... what do i live for ? i live to supass my own and others expectations ... i live to strive and to grow and to learn ... i live to dream and create ... in a practical sense i want very badly to ... i get on with my family pretty well , my mum is enfj and we've always had a good relationship . she's the sort of parent you could tell almost anything . we argue sometimes , and sometimes i think she ... i was thinking of my boyfriend at the time . he's an isfp , and he wants to be an auther . however there isn't much piont compairing sylvia plath to my boyfriend's writing style and saying all ... i studied sylvia plath at school , and i have her journals as well as her poetry and the bell jar . i would say infp all the way , and defiantly an unhealthy type 4 ... i'm not sure about 4w5 though , ... i get on well with animals in general . my dad used to breed show dogs until i was in my teens , so i learnt early how to behave around animals and how to make friends with them . i find animals ... so my question is , how would i be able to tell if she were misdiagnosed ? the only way to tell is come off the adderal for a while and see if she still has trouble regulating her attention . add is ... i do think she is being condersending , she's basically telling you that you should be a muslim house wife and throw away your career . possibly even that not doing this is why you are ill , and it is ... how have you learned over time to take a little caution ? any lessons learned from situations that went really well or really terribly ? i know i tend to get very excited about things and see all ... hello , oh people of the isfp forum . ix92m dating an isfp , and he really seems to compliment me perfectly . itx 92s wonderful really , and i wanted to share my joy with you all ... well , not just that ... i ... i'm not sure what to read next , but on my to read list is : life among the pirates by david cordingly johannes cabal the detective by jonathan l . howard changeless by gail carriger emotional ... i think of money in terms of the amount of things , of value to myself , i can exchange it for . i think of the t-shirt i want in terms of how many books i could get in exchange for the same amount of ... i try to avoide killing insects , but i will if they become pests . yet i have a soft spot for spiders . i am a bit nervouse of them after a really big one fell on my head as a young child , though i ... oh , i think you have a pefectly good argument there , but you could also argue the existance of everything is proof of god . this relys on you beliving that a complex world with such laws could not ... some religouse people would argue that is faith though , or belife . when i was in high school a church group came to give a talk to us , and they said that everyone had belife , and belife in god was ... i'm agnostic myself ... i do not understand how some religouse people or athiestist can have such strong and unyeilding belifes . for example ... some scientists are religouse , or became so through ... i'm not religouse , so i'm not sure how good my prairs would be , but everyone in christchurch has my best wishes and hopes for their safty . i was just listening to a lady speaking to a news ... - go to a city or town you have never been to before , and eat cake while you are there ( i will generousely let you choose which type of cake ) . - give blood - paint something ( it doesn't have to ... similar situation for me in some ways . i had three years of near constant adversity during university , but i sorted it all out , dumped my ex and graduated ... i was on top of the world ... i'd finaly ... hi mona , i'm 21 and not really sure what i want to do career wise . reading posts about slightly older people who are still confused makes me feel a bit better ( you arn't the only one ) . it isn't ... i've thought about it , mostly when i was around 16 ... though every now and then i will get the erge to just ... run away i guess . just open the front door and start walking , get on a train with no idea ... my preference would be quolity time , closely followed by acts of service . i can be pretty cuddly and the like , but i'm not really a touch person , same with the words of affirmation . i just feel a ... wow ... those were the only two ? : laughing : i'm dyslexic , so that is pretty good for me . i am obligated to piont out you mispelt , my mispelt name ... but in very very tiny writing , so it is like i am ... verbale prostitutes , huh ? ... i find that rather amusing . i don't really get why most people think badly of barresters , well i sort of do , but part of my more favorable view it is possibly that i ... my advice is to just try and be a good friend for now , and be weary of a repeat of the sort-of-not-acutually-a-date senario . i have a lot of male friends , and that could easily have happened with ... what i do if i find i am obessing over things negativly ( rather than the normal , and often useful , short bursts of obsession with things like learning to knit ) , is i use a mix of methods . i ... how about acting ? that's a very social thing to do , and you can normally slip into it late in the game . with my drama group i joined two weeks before a show , i was just in croud scenes and helped ... my ideal is a relationship : where neither person is dependent upon the other , both people are capable and independent , but both bring things that compliment the other person to the relationship . ... i ask you to imagine a world without the likes of will smith , robin williams , steven spielburg , robert downy jr , president obama , ariel , charles dickens , nay ... dr suess ... imagine the disapearence ... i like the tweleve dancing princesses myself . i dabble with painting and the like . i'm better than average but by no means of the standard to do a degree or persue it as a career . i do a mean water coloure , when the mood takes me . i've been ... i enjoy collecting things a lot . - ventian masks ... i really love these , i think i started collecting them on a whim in my teens . they are just really beautiful and myseteriouse . - ... i certainly do , not with books or films so much , though i get utterly absorbed into them and tend to lose all sense of self . i have a fantasy world i first created when i was a child , using my ... from an autobiographical short story i did for university : yes ... * cough * that uh , that rather sums it up . : crazy : my short term memory is truely terrible , but that is the dyslexia . because i've always known it's a problem i have pretty good methods for dealing with it . i have a little glasses shaped dish at ... i think feminity and masculinity are two sides of the same coin , and that everyone embodies both to differeing degrees . it is simply one side might be turned more outwards to the world than the ... i lived in a house share while at university , but as most of my friends are guys , i was the only girl . i liked it that way , there was no bitchyness , though the house did tend to get messy pretty ... challenging invigorating contentment filigee will tell of some good things ... my best valentines i was taken to a tea room , i eat scones and drank tea from a daity china cup . this made me unbelivbly happy , especially as the building ... what was your imaginary friend called ( i had one too , named lizzy ) , and what of these enchanted other worlds ? it sounds pretty awsome . i was never a hero in my games or daydreams , it was always ... oh yes , when i was very young my two best friends were boys . our favorate game was called granny flare works , odd , you say . it was , oh it was . i took on the role of granny , who was secretly a ... lol oh dear ... now i am imagining a cravated man typing at a laptop , while louging in pillows and surrounded by a harem of scantilly clad women . two of them are fighting over which one is his ... you both look great viva , and it's always good to have a theam . : wink : intp ? i think that's more the persona , than the person behind it . ethereal strikes me as someone who feels things very deeply . though not in a melencholic or floppy way . i don't really care ... i can most definatly relate to that . i was actually talking about this with a friend not long ago . i was complaining i often felt nieve . she thought this was amusing . friend : filigee , you ... i ... are you secretly my twin ? i feel much kinship just now . has anyone else ever been caught wearing their socks on their hands , and giving them little voices ? ... normally : left hand : don't ... yes i am from the uk , it's a really dire insult over here , parrel to racisim and homophobic slurs . it shocked me there would be a post using such language , because it's really just ... yeah , you don't ... where i am it's normally used as an insult , especially against people with disabilities and with negative connotations towards them : spastic - definition of spastic by the free online ... the use of the term spazzing and such bugs me a little . i know this sounds preachy and everything , but i think it's a bit insensitive . it's a bit like using the word gay to mean bad , not intended ... '