' oh i have an infj friend . his eyes kinda light up sometimes , so i know what kind of spark you are talking about . i think we do the same . if we talk about something we like we talk faster , ... i think what we look for depends on enneagram type , how confident and secure you are and love language . but i ´ ve just started reading about this recently so i ´ m not quite sure yet . oh and can ... intj i admire them the most . they seem so smart , calculating , calm , collected , always one step ahead of you . beating them in a discussion is impossible . they are a bit mysterious too , which i like ... green ^ . ^ why did it make you laugh ? : p ok , thanks . sorry for making a thread about it , i just wanna help him cause he seemed so lost . but if he takes care of it himself then all is good . ok , so in my class there are two people i hang with . an intp and an infj . all three of us are best friends . however , the infj seemed a bit troubled three weeks ago . i asked him about it and he said ... i think my talent is drawing . and that ´ s about it . i have an eye for it , the lines and shapes are alive to me . if i draw when i listen to music it is as if i can feel the drawing and the music ... same here . i have an entp friend and he seems like a very deep person ( when we are just the two of us we can have the most awesome conversations ) and i somehow can ´ t seem to figure him out . whenever ... my best friends are infj and intp . my friends are enfp , isfj , entp , infp and intj . my boyfriend is an istx . haha , waving hands right back at ya ^ ^ my friend went to their concert here in norway ( one month ago or something ) and my god how i envy him . haha , same . i really like it . also melodic metal , it ´ s ... i ´ ve listened to dream theater , but never learned any of their songs . i know a lot of evanescence on piano for some silly reason . oh i love dimmu borgir . makes me proud of being norwegian lol . oh ... nevermind , did not see it worked out ( ish ) and replied to ur first post . wish you the best of luck . i play guitar and piano . played both for eight years , the piano is my absolute favorite . tho metal and melodic , progressive rock , folk rock , heavy / doom . metal and so on is my favorite music genres ... it can be a good thing also tho . i chose my isfj because he was so calm and stable and i thought he completed me . he was always there to relax with me , which is a good thing since i ´ m so energetic ... removing some of the text in order to keep this post a bit short : p well i ´ m not gonna drop him , what i ´ m actually doing is realizing this struggle and trying to understand him in order to ... no problem . ye , i get that some people find it hard to smile . kinda extreme example but imagine someone having social anxiety , i don ´ t expect them to smile back at me . they find it hard enough to ... sure . perhaps i was not specific enough , but i never thought anyone would read it : p imagine yourself going to school every single day . you meet the same people , you always smile at them , but they ... dunno , these types of people . 1 ) people who doesn't smile with their eyes . true smiles go all the way up to the eyes , and i don ´ t like people faking a smile . same goes for laughing . don ´ t fake it , i ... kinda . depends on how close you are to me . and what kind of relationship we have . friendship if you are gone for a long while , i ´ ll probably forget you because there is always something new and ... i ignore them , avoid them at all cost and makes no effort to talk to them . if they text me i just ignores that too . however , if i accidentally bumps into them or something i ´ ll be extra friendly ... thank you : ) can you please explain the difference between a toxic feeler and an okey feeler ? like , what is an okey way to deal with insecurities and what is a not-okey way to do so ? i don ´ t ... haha , then this room will be first priority if we get this far . i get your job-example . you can ´ t say nah , don ´ t feel like doing it . luckily , you can say that to people in other situations . and ... dunno , my biggest problem is myself . i overthink things . but maybe this is not type-related and just me being me . haha , thank you . i think that if we ever get so far as moving in together , i will give him a room like this . i want him to have all the space he needs and for him to feel free ( i appreciate my ... i used to find it hard when i was a teenager . now i know that my personal well being is very important for me and my mental health ( i overthink bad friendships and tend to take the blame for them ) . ... i know now , after what you explained that it has nothing to do with the person . and in that case i think the solution would be him having his own time out room for him to withdraw to when he feels ... can i ask why it is annoying ? to me , if someone shows insecurity i see it as a golden opportunity for me to show them that i love them and support them and try to comfort them and make them feel ... ye , i also think it ´ s individual . i usually spend my days with friends ( i have plans almost every day with someone ) but wherever i am , i always miss him a bit and want to be with him : p and that ´ s ... ok . i ´ ll try to think of it like having to recharge your phone . just that it is him who needs to recharge and not my phone . i can understand but not relate to this . being alone sounds terrible to ... see that ´ s one thing i like about the istx ´ s . they are said to be honest and straight forward about things . they don ´ t beat around the bush or play games . ye , he is kind of like that now that you ... ( sorry for the wall of text ) thank you for your insight . and i don ´ t think gender makes a huge difference , so female opinion are appreciated too . yes he does contact me in one way or another almost ... so him being together with me and doing boyfriend-like things tho never calling me his girlfriend means he is serious ? also i know he turned down an another woman who was into him . he told her he ... kinda . he once took me to the beach 03:00 at night to go bathing with some friends . and he can come up with plans within one day and does not seem to mind being social . an another day when we were ... so i ´ m an enfp who is currently 3 months into dating a guy i thought was either an infp or an istj ( he ´ s taken the test twice ) . however , when i read about istp ´ s , all i can think of is how this is ... . posted in the wrong forum , my bad . they say you learn better by writing by hand instead of taking notes on a computer , so i write by hand ( dunno with other countries but in norway we get mac ´ s from our school to use as a learning tool ... dunno how to do this picture thing but i ´ ll try . istj ( ? ) ... maybe we can conclude that what someone think of eye contact is individual and not type-related . i did not think of it before you wrote it , but he does not like public displays of affection either ... i made it through 213 pages and just want to say that i live for this forum and it is the perfect mix of exaggaretion and gifs . i ´ m more like passive aggressive . usually i hide it and ignore it because i dislike conflicts . if we are fighting i will usually calmly discus with you in a stern voice ( when i was younger i used to ... not everything is type-related , so you are probably right this is not an istj-thing . thank you , it worked out . and also , thank you for the help you other guys here . i really appreciate it . nvm , i see you talked to her and it all sorted out and i dunno how to delete my post . glad it worked out , wish you the best of luck . as i also can see , some people make the isfj-enfp combination ... may i ask what it is you feel others fail to understand ? sorry , did not quite understand what you meant there . i dated an isfj guy for one and a half year ( they are awesome people so hold on to ... yes , i ´ ll make him take the love language test today . then i need to learn his language and understand how to communicate love with him , both how i can show him i love him and how i can know that he ... i know i want to stay in this relationship , i don ´ t need a list to tell me i love him . but thank you for the advice : ) and this is really helpful . i ´ ll have a talk with him today ( as i mentioned ) , ... yes . first of all , i love him . as long as he can love me back , even cold water is enough . second , i ´ ve always thought that there are plenty fish in the sea , but once you choose a man , you should ... so , to quote both of you : patience and get straight to the point . if i want change , be clear about it and have patience and you will be rewarded ? if this is the case then i won ´ t end it . i just ... i think the fear of being alone is quite common and valid indeed . i would say cursed actually . i don ´ t want to be an enfp ( no offense ) , it is so tiresome . but you can ´ t change who you are i guess . a good man is rare , but because i meet so many people it happens from time to time . i meet a lot of people whom i find interesting and would like to get to know better , but few of them are boyfriend ... '