' in fact , i think i've never had a boyfriend or a girlfriend who doesn't keep in touch with at least some of their exes ( i think even the infp guy had a girl who was in his closest circle of friends ... wow , this was so long ago , yet someone's still posting something here , heheh . so what , like , when you have a romantic interest , you just give up on your friends altogether ( --> the 100 % of my ... this . i always get typed as an introvert by those by the letter tests , because , if asked , of course i say i prefer to hang out with a small group of close friends rather than a bunch of people i ... omg lol , why didn't anyone say that it has to be a human that i'm walking with ? i walk my dog in the woods every other day , so , naturally , when i was presented with the image of a forest , the first ... i've never been in a romantic relationship with an intj , however , one of my best friends is an intj , my dad is an intj , and i have an ex-classmate intj whom i really admire . it's defintely true that ... being an enfj female myself , i can honestly say that having very close male friends is definitely not a threat to the person i am dating , ever . unless we're on the verge of breaking up , because , ... hey , i think that one of the main problems here could be that she feels too responsible and too involved , and unsure if she can ' do it ' - since as you said yourself that you're a huge mess right ... i used to think of myself as a very go-with-the-flow type of a person , because i'm easily talked into doing something that i haven't planned and i also sometimes just come up with the most random ... depends on the field you want to be in . there's plenty to do in business anthropology , meaning , huge corporations and such hire you to do research , but that's definitely not where i'm headed . of ... hmm , i wonder , how exactly do you intend to pinpoint the one and only enfj with whom you are going to make that connection and that's going to help you ? what should we do , fill out some kind of ... social and culture anthropology . i love every bit of it , and the good thing is , it's exactly as balanced between abstract theories and real life action as i think i need . applied anthroplogy gives ... well , i think this one's still arguable :P firstly , it's not like you're gonna have great relationship with someone just because of their type ( e . g . like if you're heterosexual , you ' re not gonna ... hmm , i had never looked at it this way . i couldn't say that i feel that i start behaving like a sensor , but there are contexts in which i will give great attention to details . however , i am always ... well , isn't this one of the major things that come in the fe dominant pack ? at least ever since i got to exploring the functions , i've connected the desperate need to communicate my reasoning , ... ( umm , no , strictly speaking they're not both really extrovered feelers , enfps have fi , not fe . ) but about this , though - there's a lot of truth in this not only about enf men , but ... spot on ! especially about that perceived introvertedness - almost all of the tests that don't type by functions have typed me as an introvert , either infj or infp ( almost all of the tests that type ... ah , my taste in music is so wide it's sometimes hard to believe myself that it's normal to like both classical music and norwegian black metal , industrial music , ambient , indie , rock , electronic , ... the term child abuse has always seemed to me quite a bit ambigous and determined by context much more than by any , dunno , legal definition . because , well , if my parents employ corporal punishment ... i guess this kind of explains why i always wanted to be gandalf in the lotr playstation games , lol actually , the idea of an enfj-enfj pairing seems like something i'd really want to try out , someday , because , well , even though i haven't met any other enfjs irl , it seems that we do share enough to ... oh , wow , this is great ! i actually have discussed the post-apocalypse setting with my friends ever so often , because somehow many of us think that an apocalypse would really do good for the world , ... well , ever since little , i have thought that death is not sad or undesirable , suffering is . i don't think killing people is cruel to them , hell no , even if they're happy and healthy , because , well , ... ah , i'm glad to hear that . then again , what i meant was , as the child grows up and becomes more .. well , able to make sense of the observations she makes , and gets to see mother acting in a variety ... wow , this all sounds so fucked up , where do you find people like that ? scary . the one thing in this whole story that bothers me the most is what will becom of the cute litle three-year-old , growing ... every compliment i receive is very special , but one that seems to really stick as something i can remeber when i feel down and that helps me het a grip again goes like this - it's such a calm and ... i think this is an often misunderstanding when beginning to explore the vast lands of mbti , that people think of the type as letters , not functions . one thing could be , though , if we add the ... wow , hadn't noticed this reply in the thread earlier , and this is very interesting , because i feel i have exactly the same problem with my infp boyfriend , he's like the only person whose emotions ... so many people have elaborated on inner beauty , harmony , confidence being the founding stones of beauty that i am kind of ashamed to say that ever since the age of 11 i have been very self-conscious ... i disagree with this here ( would say that this is a horribly stereotypical vision of extroversion ) , because i think it depends which function is the extroverted one and also on the culture in which ... what i'd gladly add to this is that i think the indecisiveness stems form the fact that decisions are so important ( at least for me ) - being a judging type , even going with the flow has to be ... ehh , it's not like i don't understand the grief response itself - i see where it comes form and i see how it works , it's just that i don't relate , as in , i have my own understanding of death , and ... the difference between this and the situation i used as an example was that i was not relieved her suffering was over , since it was an unexpected death and she had not been in any suffering - the ... so , here's the deal - most of my family think there must be something wrong with me , because i've got a weird attitude towards death . in my opinion , it's nothing to be sad about - since the person ... i just don't feel like my deep thoughts as you call them are appropriate to be posted in a forum like this - i don't really see why anyone should be interested in those , since it's not like someone ... ok , i didn't read all of the other comments too carefully and maybe i am the unhealthy type myself , but the way she acts , oh my god , sound so much like me once . so , to give you an insight into a ... actually , that must have been a very strange article , because i don't think there's any reason for enfjs to not be friends with thinker types - even if we don't take into account the aforementioned ... well , this might not be exactly what you're looking for , but i was a bit surprised recently when i read some article about the functions ( unfortunately i don't have the link anymore , since apart from ... heh , i still don't think one should be sure about any direct connection between genetics and type , i'd much rather reckon that genetics are simply in charge of our brain development , and depending on ... a most recent one would be our heads are stakes , driven right through our hearts ( dennis cooper ) though i am not sure if this is a completely precise quote , like , i could have switched ... wow , this explains a lot ! i wish my mother ( isfp ) had read something like this when i was still a teenager and i had to pretend that i was going to sleep or sleeping already for her when actually i ... hah , on the usual tests that just type you by the letters , not taking functions into account , i usually come out as an introvert , because i really value my alone time and socialisation is something ... 1 . when i was 18 , for almost a year i felt like i was 30 ( not in a bady way , though ) - had a stable everyday job-like thing to do , except it was school , not job , a wonderful lover with whom i lived ... this might not be the case of what i will be explaining , of course , and he might really have taken it seriously , but if you apologised , it's just gonna go away . however , i wanted to give some ... being a lazy person , for starters , i'll just quote myself from a thread here , where an intp asked how is it possible that an enfj girl likes him , where i shared my reasons for having been in a ... oh , i have no clue if this could really be a personality type thing , but it's always said in the type descriptions that infjs are most prone to experience some , umm , cases of foreseeing future and ... it's oh so true , and not even that difficult to explain , i think . see , we're dominant fe , meaning , extraverted feeling . that means , we kind of , well , feel the people around us - we analyse their ... well , for one thing , i used to think that i could be a thinking type for quite some time , because i genuinely enjoy purely intellectual challenges and am very successful in academic pursuits of my ... this is actually very interesting , because i am sure he's dated people before me , but he nevar wants to talk about it ( which is ok with me , because i don't care and actually dislike discussing past ... the match really is worth something , yeah . it's kind of like infps are one of the rare types that can genuinely value the not so obvious things in us that we would like people to value , and care for ... if you want a really , really affectionate pet , i'd suggest getting a sphynx cat - mum mother always says they're not really cats but some cute monkey aliens , and i couldn't disagree with that - the ... '