' i have no logical answer for that question , or is that an answer in of itself ? jk i did not know intj females were rare . i think baby animals are cute , i'm not girly ( i'm a butch ) , and yes , i ... i don't have a superiority complex , but i agree that when i was younger , and even now , my interest lie in learning and not socializing . the world needs all types and one type is not better than any ... welcome , i hope you enjoy the forum ! ok , i voted and good luck ! originally posted by nexus 6 the issue i suppose i should have elaborated on is asking the question whether we intjs tend to discount empathy as being an important factor in socializing , work and in ... intj hazel , but more green than brown . true , but do the polls need to collect useful data ? i think most of the polls collect amusing , or insightful information , but not useful . but i could be wrong , as i often am ! : cool : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : i love good banana bread ! mmm chocolate chips ! welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you enjoy it . : laughing : good question . 1000 ? wow ! welcome , hope you enjoy the forum . : laughing : welcome , hope you enjoy the forum . : laughing : welcome , hope you enjoy the forum . : laughing : name : ellie age : 42 shoe size : 5.5 / 6 height : 5 ' 1 weight : um , currently a little overwieght-need to lose 15lbs pants size : lol-short shirt size : m-ilike em loose innie or outie ? innie love ... http://i189.photobucket.com/albums/z121/DRScrivner/Stewie.jpg http://images-partners.google.com/images?q=tbn:mX6gMr9bjP4L6M :: http://upload.wikamedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/14/TheTsarCannonJuly2004.jpg congrats scruffster ! as far as the other info ... it is right on the mark . i've taken tons of tests in the last year . i always score as a intj or istj ! welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : love the lady k pic and saying ! ! : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , i hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : and i love your pic coachinfj ! welcome to the forum , hope you find it interesting . : laughing : welcome to the forum , hope you find it more interesting than the first time . : laughing : '