' esfj's are chill at times . i'd say they are the gossip queens of the m brigg . they are critical on people but almost never to their face . at times extremely superficial and needy if they are ... yeah so i was playing on the computer and decided to look in my old dresser , on the top shelf . when i was younger i decided to put a lot of my writings and cd's there , it's almost as if i knew i ... haha now i know it's not just me . i've always been the curious type when it's something that i'm interested in . i've always liked stories or just when a person is complaining about a situation i ... holy ... shit . i was thinking the same thing when first reading op's post . i mean , let's face it , accidentely seducing people is just probably being naive either that or you're just a flirt . on ... alright , so let me start this off by saying that , lately one of my buddies says i'm always going against what he says . while this is kind of true , it isn't just because , i like to go against people ... i'm in an organization in school and i was in a meeting which involved voting . all the people who were running for positions had to step out of the room until the voting was complete . during voting ... yes , everybody is full of fecal-mater . some more than others , and some can't even let go of it and must resort to other efforts . some have verbal diahrea saying to much , others are constantly ... wow . marry me already you infp women ! haha so true , i spend many hours just reading up on things that i find interesting . then the next day i'll just go right to another topic . i really need to ... alright well , if you were to accept the offer of 3k for 1 month of your life you will be getting 5 months of your dream life . tempting but the answer is most definitely no . there was an episode on ... i think it depends really on the graffiti , if it's extremely well made then why wouldn't i like it ? if it's poorly made , by some kid or some asshole in a gang with the standard bubble letters then ... i don't read much when it comes to books . i usually don't read random books unless i hear a recommendation that entices me to read it right now ! i enjoy writing and making up all sorts of stories , ... no , there are plenty of judgmental people that keep it to themselves . filing away in their minds how much they hate that person for x and y reasons . no matter how ridiculous they may be .   ... alright , now we have something to work with . you are over generalizing the personality trait and pinning the bad habits on yourself . even if the above phrase is correct about you , try to stop ... i second the motion . also ... that peach dish looks shopped ! it's too good . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=COiIC3A0ROM fuck pride . pride only hurts . i don't think it applies to me much at all . i thank people if they had a witty post or one that contributed . i don't thank random posts and every post that i do thank was for a reason . it's like ... i think it just comes down to the persons self esteem . you see yourself as always being different thus finding a community with individuals with supposed exact matches . then the mentality is ... i think you're going about it the wrong way . delve inward and consider how you act around friends and most importantly when you're alone . do you want to discuss all your theories with other people ? ... wow , i had the exact same goal . i noticed there's a lot of garbage posts in all forums . i wanted to be the exception but i'm changing that now . i've seen people that join around the time i did and ... i'd say i'm a great liar . it's funny that i act like a different person at times depending who i'm with . sure if one pays attention they will see that i'm probably not talking as much and i slowly ... yes ! i used to be really really good at fps . i'm decent now but i was better when i played it nonstop . i feel like i try really hard in any game that i enjoy , i want to destroy others in solo 1v1 ... stop saying you can't do something . let me tell you a story about one of my buddies ( super extrovert ) , i decided to work out one day and he helped push me to lift daily . i kept saying i'll try ... ahh refugee , the good ole joint is the best part of the movie ! hahaha how do you think they eat all that protein ! great film but i also felt kinda down for the hulk , but hey we know how all of that ... okay not all of you , and perhaps not all the time . i love you when you're at your best . my mother's an esfj and now i just laugh at all the times she was being a little too friendly . shes a great ... alright forget the stereotypes , don't give an answer that's copy and pasted . i want an actual response from yall . do any infp's out there have a gambling problem ? if not , do you still like to ... wow , just wow . porn isn't a big deal at all ... the actresses and actors are paid to have sex , the most natural thing known to man . how do you all think you got here ? hahaha . jokes aside , it ... you sound like a voice actress . adult swimmy ... if that makes sense .. i was eating dinner with my family ... a nice salad and then the main dish .. i'm trying to improve myself by eating healthy and working out ( i was never fat , i was actually skinny and i'm trying to ... whoops my internet is terrible . older folk seem to really be interested in me and i in them . it's funny because , i hate small talk . don't ask me how my day has been or any of that shit , i want to get into real conversations that ... i feel that way every now and then . it's like i put up a facade at times to just have people in my life . i noticed that i can only do this for a while , then once i start thinking about friendships ... infj 42 % extroverted , 42 % sensing , 36 % thinking , 35 % perceiving you seek meaning and connection in ideas , relationships , and material possessions , and want to understand what motivates people ... about a month ago i had a 7 hour conversation about lifes nuances and how religion programs people to think certain ways . how people can be so narrow and blindfold themselves from reality . it was a ... i had a talk with my roommate . he claims he isn't racist yet he hates all black people , all arabs , jews , muslims and for some odd reason he loves the country his parents are from with an unreal ... 1 . american beauty 2 . goodfellas 3 . rushmore 4 . fight club 5 . platoon yea it reminded me about mad max for a little bit aswell . this movie was pretty dissapointing to me . i thought the entire story and flow was just poor , and the twist was seen miles away . i ... alright here is some music i listen too . by the way , how would you describe my personality ? i'm very curious to find out . 1 . elliott smith - needle in the hay 2 . elliott smith - angeles 3 . the ... i would probably pin him on esfp . i hope he doesn't get me into trouble because , that i don't forgive . alright this is the situation . my friend is getting into trouble from drinking and starting fights . he had a meeting with dorm security and they told him to either switch floors or to move to the ... this is called personality cafe for a reason . don't get mad if a person has gotten two , one , or just thinks that they are a type . take the test , if you get a type do it again , then again , and ... before someone beats me to death , yes i know it says infp at the left of your screen . i have been told on this forum that i am like an infj when i asked for clarification . ive taken tests and get ... first off , i realize that it says infp as my type . but people think i am infj when i asked the forum ... i really relate to both on a great level . my favorite fictional character would have to be ... i went to buy food today , when a man got angry at me and thought i cut him in line ... i tried to give him an explanation but i stopped when he said i don't give a damn ! get to the back of the ... this seems to happen a lot to me ... mostly with family . i invite people to a party just a very small get together and they invite more people without asking me if it's okay . i then always think ... i really don't think of myself as a t but i'll put my thought aside , for now . yes i do find myself noticing incorrect ethical behaviors in friends and family . i find illogical beliefs they hold ... i would say that i think of the future from focal points but that doesn't stop my mind from considering so many possibilities . i think about many things and sometimes daydream for a little about how ... i'm really a mix of both . i spend time thinking about implementing my ideas but i also like to think of how things will unfold . around 50/50 . i learn sometimes random facts just to learn it , but ... i have tested as an infp before and infj . or perhaps the tests were wrong and i'm neither . this is where yall come into play . :) little bit about myself ... - i don't call my friends much , they ... my father is an istj and yes i have the exact same experience that you had . my dad would just scream when he wanted things to get done , that's how it felt at times anyway ... i actually almost got ... '