' i couldn't help but comparing social interactions to bear traps . you try to avoid them , but you're not always aware that they might be around . one day you get caught by one , and the more you try to ... i guess i say it's annoying a lot . most of the time i'm not really annoyed , but it's just the most common answer to people complaining about something . and i also say a lot of but ... without ... directly translated from my dream diary , here's one of my weirdest dreams . i'm at grandma's , outside . it's a beautiful spring day . on the table there are some sweets , but there's a raven that ... i'm actually on exchange in denmark , and i'm loving the country even more . it's not like everything is perfect - like the wind blowing at 40 km / h these days - but most of the things work . people are ... ( double post . but i'm deleting the first one because i have the power to do so . ) i'm currently on an exchange program abroad , and i became a cleaning freak from the first day . no one here really cleans , there are layers of dust everywhere and i won't even talk about the bathroom ... dogs . dogs chasing me , biting me , and sometimes killing me . the usual scenario involves me walking down the street , it's often dark and i see red eyes looking at me . i'm scared and i want to run ... nbpc - the daydreamer nature , background , big picture , and color i'm usually a bit skeptical about tests ( and results , of course ) but this one is surprising . when seeing a picture , i usually ... 1 . fringe 2 . house 3 . the big bang theory i haven't watched a lot of tv series , to be honest . i also enjoy watching psych , even if i've only seen random episodes . what is the oddest form of travel you have experienced ( hot air balloon , camel back , supersonic jet etc . ) my cat's back when i was two . do you know anyone famous ? no , but i'm quite sure i ... i'd really like to go to scandinavia . i love those countries because they're quiet , clean , peaceful . not really like italy . i'd prefer going to an isolated place than going to a crowded one ... the same goes for me . i've never asked anyone to go out with me or something . at first they invite me to events etc , then when they see i always answer no , thanks they lose interest . as for me , when there's a party there's always also a cool film on tv i really want to see … you can imagine what has priority . i'm usually the person sitting in a corner using the phone till it's dead . from this point on , i'm usually the person who looks others with a bored / annoyed face counting sheeps in an attempt to fall ... a few days ago i dreamed of turning into a yellow teletubby who was travelling on a roller skate ( only one , on right foot ) . and the roller skate was also my home , and there was a little teletubby in ... reading your post on the other thread , i realized that the main thing i remember of a past event is the lighting . and that's probably why i associate events with colours . my associations , or ... i ask questions when i can't understand things by myself , for example when the teacher explains a new thing in maths , even if most of the time i just ask what will happen if . now that i remember , ... i think that you have to explain well what mental disorder means to you . actyally , it's psychiatry more than psychology that deals with mental disorders , and of course there are standards to ... into my mind , i am confrontational . for example , i have long debates about the existence of god with my religion teacher . into my mind i'm sure of myself ( and i act like an intj ) , but when it comes ... well , actually i don't know . i can associate them to past experiences and sensations , but not with present ones . for example , i feel that my last year holiday in venice is purple , dark red . but if i ... thank you for the word ! i had the right word in my language , but in english i didn't know what it could be . yeah , i also think it has something to do with si . i should ask my mother , a si-dom , if ... a ) iphone 5s ( but only because my aunt bought the iphone 6 and gave me hers after my previous phone had been electrocuted when a lightning struck the satellite dish . ) b ) with the right hand . c ) ... okay , so i've finally got courage and started a thread . the title is quite vague , so i'll explain better what it means . i don't know if it's a common thing , and that's basically why i'm asking ... i don't know . actually i was using my smartphone . anyway , luckily , i don't see that thing anymore . emetophobia . i became irrational when i have to face this phobia . i avoid people ( but , well , i do it even when i'm not scared ) or i have irrational thoughts . i try to be rational and think that ... when i go to school , i go to sleep early . i also have to wake up early , at 6.30 a . m . now i'm on holiday , and the consequence is that i go to bed late and wake up early , so i sleep less . in the ... important question : why there's a pink-haired girl under every post of everyone ? it pisses me of , it covers half of the post and i can read nothing . i prefer solving things by myself , mostly if i'm really upset . i see showing myself upset is a weakness . i start saying that i'm not english . anyway , i have problem saying since . sometimes i pronounce the i in since like the i in mice . your pronunciations are too complicated ! when i think i ... i'd prefer reading in italian but , well , at least i practice my english . it reminds me of an article i read a while ago about free will . it said pretty much that : a ) if your future choices are random , then nothing can affect them so you don't have free will ; b ) if your ... i hate when there are pages of wikipedia translated in esperanto but not in italian . i used to draw a lot when i was a child , but i think that as my parents and relatives became too obsessed with my drawing skills i stopped being so interested in it . anyway , i like drawing the ... last year , at the end of the year , i skipped the native english speaker's classes . it was an extra hour on thursday and we paid to attend those classes , but we also could not attend them . at the end ... i'm not that that much fond of poetry . anyway , my favourite poem is the rain in the pinewood by gabriele d'annunzio . in italian , the musicality of the poem is probably better . and this is the ... i won't be helpful because i'm in the same situation as you . the fundamental problem , for me , is the lack of motivation . maybe i start a project , but in 2/3 days i leave it because i'm not enough ... sula nebouxii is the best . 371082 this is nonsense . 371090 ( they're taken from my instagram , that's why the shape is the way it is . ) yeah , that's one of the reason i'm studying it . i prefer reading manga , anyway . i've started studying japanese but i don't know how long it will last . in a month i'm coming back school , i'm having a lot of subjects to study , plus i have to study a little bit of philosophy and ... well , i can run 5 metres in less than an hour . understanding . i practiced karate for 6/7 years , and i stopped when i got the brown belt . the black one was , in my opinion , too difficult to get because i should have trained almost every day but i didn't have ... i don't deal with adult people , but i know for sure that i scare children . i'm hypersensitive to sounds , lights , smells . monotonous , repetitive sounds irritate and distract me , and in a certain way they make me feel bad . also too sharp sounds , like whistling , or too ... the second part of goethe's faust . almost always . sometimes i get bored so i come out saying something like uh , and in the end happen this , right ? . the basic concept is interesting . overcoming nihilism , have a new consciousness and awareness of the world ... however it seems impractical to me . i don't have so much confidence in mankind to ... i should make a list of what i have been trying to write since 3 months . - short horror story about a writer with the writer's block , shamelessly copying stephen king . 3 pages and i forgot it . - ... i would have said that everyone at my age couldn't think of marriage and children . then some classmates started talking about how many children they want , why they want siblings , the man they want to ... my nihilism would reach the highest point ever . i don't think i would do something different , i'd just live as i always do . '