' you seem to read only what you want to read cover 3 , because if you had read my posts you'd know it's a moot point , as i when first posted my opinion and i said if i could i would require anyone ... you are correct but i used mute to be pointed , but thanks . : laughing : they have been building a national database for years , to streamline the process . similar to the national fingerprint & dna ... the average person has no idea how to contact anyone in the black market , so it's mute point . btw most criminals do use black market guns to commit their crimes as the guns have no serial number to ... i think we all did a great job ever single one of us . it was an honor to read everyone's work , i'll say it again infj's are natural writers and it shows . to my partner in crime , puka it was super ... these tests filter out the criminal and mentally unstable mind , that is the purpose of them . they are very effective . funny smart too honest kind caring private attractive mesmerizing mysterious serious i kept reading that they ( the liberals ) want to amend the constitution and take away our right to have and own guns , listen that's never going to happen . there are too many guns and lobbyist in ... puka baby i love it , it's just what i wanted , super funny and sweet . thank you ! : laughing : congrats , my friend . i did a double post by mistake ... : tongue : i love your writing to morality , you are very talented . they say infj are natural writers i think its true . thank you , but hopefully you found it a little funny because it's was meant to make ya ... you are an internet flirt / tease as well . you are not sure about making a real connection with anyone right now , so you flirt but then pull back . i suspect you have been burned by an internet ... wow i am so impressed everyone is so talented . i hope i don't offend anyone with my super silly one to pukainthewall . hmm i am curious what a fellow infj has to say . : happy : dedicated to my vd ( valentine ’ s day ) partner - pukainthewall to my hot loving puka hapa , i went wet at our first meeting , we crashed into each other body boarding and it may have been the ocean ... moved ... : tongue : your psyche is blue you are deeply emotional and very connected to everything ( and everyone ) around you . by simply understanding other people , you are able to help them heal and let go . while ... hands down i am for gun control , but it's funny i am reading the posts and some of the people against gun control feel that they are endanger of losing there right to have a gun . well that genie has ... hufflepuff i am feminine and as my friends say old school . i want to be treated with love and respect , i think that's what a great relationship boils down to . if neither one of us respects the other even when ... i hope pukainthewall gets your message that he and i are partnered . if not , i guess i'll just wing it . : wink : i had 8 wisdom teeth , the normal is 4 . i had all wisdom teeth pulled , but my brothers called me jaws for a while . i also have a bubble butt , i am very fit and healthy but not matter what i do it ... prophet ... no gosh i understand i was only being silly . : happy : now i just need a partner . for me i don't doubt my attractiveness , it's just that i attract a lot of men i am not interested in . i always get the ones who think money or material possessions will woe me , but anyone who knows ... i would handle it very well , i like a lot of alone time . i would like to be found , i hope someone is looking . : happy : thanks for the warm hello . hi i am new too . : happy : i would love to date and fall in love with a fellow infj because i think the connection and passion would be what great love stories are written about . but because i come off as shy and a bit aloof , ... i'll play but i need to read the directions ... : tongue : i can't spell to save my life so no to scrabble , besides there is something so sexy about chess . i am ambidextrous , but because teachers growing up made me use my right hand , i tend to go with the right most days . i read recently that the hand we favor has to do with which eye is dominate . i want wonder woman's lasso , to make those liars in the senate and congress tell the truth for once . :d ry : hi , i'm new and an infj . i am hoping to understand my type better by being here . : happy : '