' from theory and interactions with people of both types i would say there are some pretty big diffrences . infps tend to be more set in their ways and rigid than enfps due to a higher si influence ... sp / so enfj sp / so or so / sp ( very sx last ) estj tmlt to alternative between being a wallflower and a party animal ? estp tmlt to be the person trying to hug the wall puncher above to calm them down . ennegram = 369 mbti = xxfj tmlt to whine all day and not listen to solutions . mbti = ixxj enneagram = 6w5 tmlt to refuse to celebrate chrismas ( not for religious or moral reasons but out of grumpiness ) . 9w1 7w6 4w5 sx / so unhealthy intj type most likely to be very pleasant and nice 99 % of he time but when someone angers them they are like volcano then they go back to being super nice like nothing happened . 7w6 9w1 4w3 so / sp sp / sx inxj nah hes entp :) he he eh . as for ferrel hmm id say extp type most likey to dance all day isxj ( tolkens writing style and design of story world is very si ) tmlt to be a willy wonka ? istp ixfj tmlt to spend one week alone then spend the next non-stop socializiing and rinse and repeat . extp tmlt to enjoy mosh pits ? socially maladjusted = ixtx behaviourally maladjusted = estp tmlt to consider pop music high class xxfp tmlt to want to dissect insects . isxj ( infeiror ne ) tmlt to have a amped up tert function 1 . i can be really outgoing and energetic with friends , but quite shy with new people in new places . 2 . i tend to come up with the most rediculous ideas , and stupid things to do . 3 . i will be ... 1 . not type related but maybe pointing to a 4 influence with si in your stacking with the focus on how senations affect your body . 2 . precise steps seems stish but mostly t in general . the rest ... extp tmlt to go to martial arts classes to beat people up to release stress from life . interesting and thanks a lot for commenting . btw i identify strongly with 7w6 core and 2w3 and 1w9 are both possible fixes for me . out of curoisty what made me seem 1w9 and 2w3 ? . infp tmlt to get 100 % marks despite being semi-comatose in class hmmm for your collage overall id say maybe hmmm looking at it i see a 7 and 4 combo of sorts with the zany and unquie combo . i think 7 leads here as i dont see as much image focus as i see a sense ... hmmm i can say yes and no for this question . it is true us entps tend to not brood over emotions the way xxfp types tend too so we are less likely to have that persistent level of awareness of ... istj tmlt to play wow all day . tmlt to design sonic levels for fun tmlt to sleep only 5 hours a day on average this is typism in its worse and most pure forum ! . entps are not criminal scum . well no more than those estps who do stunts or those esfjs who manipulate people . estp tmlt to read only famous authors . 1 . i am a lover of ideas and bizarre debates such as what would a whale space ship look like and what if our oceans were made of methane not water as they get me going . 2 . i love helping and ... 1 . i am a lover of ideas and bizarre debates such as what would a whale space ship look like and what if our oceans were made of methene not water as they get me going . 2 . i love helping and ... isfj tmlt be conflict phobic . frodo - infp 6w5 9w1 2w1 sp / so sam - isfj 2w1 6w7 9w1 sp / so pippin - esfp 7w6 2w1 9w8 so / sp merry - estp 7w8 3w2 9w8 sp / so gandalf - infj 1w2 5w6 3w4 so / sp aragorn - istp 5w6 1w9 3w4 sp / sx ... inxp ( tert si is very clingy to routine ) . tmlt to love video games 1 . judger type . 2 . that shows a strong ji function . 3 . hmmm si is below tert if you struggle with recall . 4 . no type related 5 . not type related . overall ixxp leaning towards isxp due to ... for makeitrain xstx tmlt to be triple reactive tri (8 46 ) tmlt to be triple pragamtic ( 135 ) tmlt to be triple postive ( 297 ) 5 . extrovert with withdrawn triad ennegram . 2 . that shows a good pe function , depends on the focus of the brainstroming , if more real world then se and if more abstract ideas then ne . 3 . shows ... ixtj 1w9 lol :) tmlt to not do any work in college and only go there to have a good time . intj tmlt hate math . krayfish i see a heavy 7w6 element first of all with the fun and exploration of more abstract landscapes as opposed to the more real nature of a 7w8 . next down i see a 9w1 as there is a feeling of ... i wouldn't use my post as a know all guide personally since im no expert but hmm another factor i would take into account is tritype as this can also affect the way the types present , ya could say in ... the biggest difference is their usage of si and ne . infps si is far more rigid and childish than an isfjs si as its not as complex and mature as a dom si is . dom si is not narrow minded or ... jesus lol :) . hmm maybe a very immature exxp tmlt to enjoy simple foods all the time ill try to tritype a few based on memory and guessing . mickey mouse 2w3 7w6 9w1 so / sx ( triple postive as hell ) . donald duck - 6w7 8w9 3w4 sp / sx goofy - 9w1 2w1 6w7 sp / so alice in ... been playing a few sonic games and i can type a few characters based on my best guess . sonic - estp 7w8 3w2 7w8 sx / so tails - intp 5w6 9w1 2w1 sp / so knuckles - istj 1w9 6w5 2w1 sp / sx dr ... pitching in as a esfj since i know a few . intps are very cool folks who typically are pleasant company to be around with and they can be loud once you get them going lol . however i find the ti / si ... xstp tmlt to alternate between extreme extroversion and extreme introversion . '