' definitely a heavy si user . don't see ni at all ... i think istj makes sense . http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu56/crooked_pembroke/social%20network/epicandprivate.jpgTo sum it up . this is the exact dynamic between me and my isfj friend . wisdom . that was a very entj-like introduction haha . welcome ! i am still skeptical about that . http://youtu.be/Las7w8jbcTA interview with her on jimmy kimmel . anyone want to try off of that ? mindy kaling reports that she's an entj . https://twitter.com/mindykaling/status/91715667459452929 i don't really know though . can you give us more insight into where you are in playing ? i think prom's enneagrams are spot on . i seem to remember their types from another thread : carrie - exfp miranda - ixtj samantha - estp charlotte - esfj big - entj aiden - isfp ? i am lucky in that i somehow managed to get in and that i can claim it . the experience itself has been incredibly trying . if you really want her true opinion , you should ask her for it , for ... yes , i am a music major . i'm in a world renowned studio , and i daily do not think i measure up to standards . i am quite aware of the situation , just not of the relationship . some educators are just ... i don't understand the question . is her opinion paramount to your success ? debussy gives me a strong aesthetic reaction . every time . holy shit dude . are you serious ? did i really offend you that much ? i thought you were joking when you told me i was a horrible person . i totally forgot about this . hah , no . you've got me ; i'm a mistyped infj . as an ethnic , religious , good-looking , lazy bimbo female intj , i appreciate the shout out . i'm usually along those lines as well . the scary thing about libertarians is how many different varieties they come in . also , if the test was called shortest political test in the world or ... i noticed it a couple weeks back and pondered leaving a note . we ended up parking next to each other and i asked her . turns out we have classes together , of to which we walked and talked about it .  ... have the libertarians already come in and complained about the left and right dichotomy ? consider me in that camp . met a girl with an infp bumper sticker this week . she's knowledgeable in functions and enneagram , which was a pleasant surprise . we have plans to nerd out over typology tomorrow . i know an overweight intj and an intj that went from overweight to fit . thank you for this . i will relay it all to him . corporate law has been mentioned as the primary area of interest , but i'm assuming that is an area fraught with competition . i wanted to ask if ... my enfp is considering law school , and i'm wondering if there are any stumbling blocks to be aware of . you know , i've watched this entire show through recently and the characters shift throughout the show . jeff is an entp in the first few episodes and takes on se dom , through the filter of satire ... hey enfps , i believe i read here once that there was a lawyer among you . if anyone could steer me in this person's direction , i'd be grateful . i have some questions regarding this combination . i'm okay with because of the corgi picture at the bottom . oh cool necro thread . yeah i've seen him typed as an enfp too . well , if this is a serious question , i've looked in to it to attempt to rid myself of my own . mine are allergy-related . dark rings can be hereditary too . chalk me up for enfj too . any tim burton film after 2006 has been sketchy at best . this might be my favourite thread in the enfp forum ever . http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu56/crooked_pembroke/social%20network/wordpress.jpg i love the very last one because i very often look like a dump truck . seriously . fairy tales can come true . it can happen to you .. if you're jung at heart . my new favourite phrase on this forum : i'm an extreme intj . full-on intj , dude ! lol . http://www.tumblr.com/tagged/i-am-beyonce-always?before=1345309379 this photo doesn't help either of our cases , haha . well , it's more like your chakras could all be affected by something paranormal . thankfully , it's been a while since i've been in a paranormal ... i need to make my signature banner bigger ! and yes , an enfp 4 such as yourself , chicky . i've seen him typed as an entp and jordan his wife as an entj . i signed up with a free personal trainer at my university . should be hilarious . haha ! you beat me to it . our region is too easy . isn't death something you can't really plan for ? my preferred method would be in tact , at the very least , and not too horribly violent . if you are truly ni dom , this should resonate you : for the sake of your future , finish high school . at most you have , what , 2 or 3 more years ? which is a very short time in comparison to the rest of ... ^ ^ aren't they working towards this in japan ? teleportation would be awesome . space travel . invisibility cloaks . http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_llnx4dP34I1qehv22o1_500.jpg my corgi is probably a 2 or a 6 . very people-oriented . chickydoda lucky ! ! http://i633.photobucket.com/albums/uu56/crooked_pembroke/DSC01142b.jpg me and my enfxs . so i'm getting re-acquainted with my best friend from five or six years ago . we had a really nasty falling out , so there is this pretty horrible elephant in the room . at the same time , it's like no ... i imagine it's probably like dying of hypothermia . nah just kidding . it's pretty great . '