' no offense taken my good sir , i am neither a troll / drunk ( i don't drink ) and do not like rap but do enjoy video games , i enjoy reading and sharing my thoughts with others , and if my post do not ... bollocks - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia very interesting that word bollocks bollocks ? knock knock but if you say who's there , i won't know the punch line lol your cat does enjoy music but it's to cool to show his enjoyment , take a good look at his paws they're tapping somewhere . welcome , and please relax and be comfortable please tell what is on your mind on this wonderful day . no ! ! ! i am 7.14 in dog years ! hahahaha i start with the bad aim after a six-pack j / k i don't have aim sorry , i have skype and tango upside down on the friday nights when the moon is full ... the rest of the week i freefall . i'm content with my 4 letters ... ( that sounds funny ) lifeisgreatallthetime , ( new word webster does not know ) hola ! ! ! ... have fun in the forum ... and remember a sappy song sticks in your mind like velcro , and my kingdom for a compatible mute button for my brain on songs like that . yes , my son may i be of service ? hahahahahahaha ... you just want 3 ! ! ! shall they be in alphabetical or numerical order ? aluminum i can't say that word for the life of me breakfast lunch dinner ( i was hungry ) does this count as 2 three word statement ? , did i break the rules ? did i take somebody's turn ? lol i don't get it i will accept death for as long as i can what is so correct about politics ugly is in the eye of the beholder , or is it beauty geeech not sure , but what i do know if i ever lived , dated , ate , drank or done anything on what other people thought , or commented on i would not have ... why is the grass greener on the other side ? lol ( don't mind me i'm just having random thoughts ) http://www.evernote.com/shard/s54/sh/dffc4481-e430-467d-b520-15cf800899e0/8cd204cbeade560772cf539c45343829/res/050874fa-63d0-45ee-84c5-fe2c9565b4a6/snapshot.jpg http://www.evernote.com/shard/s54/sh/dffc4481-e430-467d-b520-15cf800899e0/8cd204cbeade560772cf539c45343829 my dog is on the left guess which one ! i'm a sucker for sad droopy eyes , that's my attractive sadness for today . slacker radio or pandora radio ( internet radio ) awsome stuff great people talk about ideas average people talk about things small people talk about other people . i desire delicious cake after that , a lonnng cuddle session , after that more delicious cake more cuddle session ( repeat for 5 days } after that buy more cake . dude how did you know ! good call ! the la-la song , you know the one we have it in our heads everyday no matter what it is la la la la ... dear you , today you are you , that is truer than true . there is no one alive who is youer than you . - - - dr . seuss first of all nobody makes me laugh and smile more than my grandson tristan , i don't care what he does he put so much life into whatever he does , i'm teaching him to play golf now btw he's 6 yrs old ... sooo you are saying anyone that can pronounce the name carlos can speak spanish , i don't see the logic with this statement if famous men were known by their mothers ' maiden name : william arden ( shakespeare ) isaac ayscogh ( newton ) george ball ( washington ) wolfgang amadeus pertl ( mozart ) sigmund nathanson ( freud ) ... i'm a mog it's a cross between a man and a dog , i'm my own best friend ! ... ( john candy from the movie spaceballs ) wendy's dbl meat and cheese burger sweet tea , baked potato , man ! ! ! that was it yummm i appreciate the pizza delivery guy / gal , i appreciate the waitress / waiter who brings my food , i appreciate the barista at the local starbuck and other coffee places , these people and others that i ... i thank you my good sir ! ! ! george carlin bananas contain a natural chemical that can make a person happy . the same chemical is found in prozac if you shake a can of mixed nuts the larger ones will rise to the top the kid on the cracker ... it's german ich mochte deutsh lernen ( i got that from google ) lol ahhh i have tried these bears from gummy they taste quite good lol a meatloaf sammich , with potato chips and a root-beer float , i took a pic of it but i ate that too ! ! they are all invisible lol ... the gin blossoms , gorillaz , tom petty , neil young , ... it's a jam night this is tooo funny all i wanted was to share funny facts and info and interact with others and have a little fun geeez ! ! ! and it will put a dent on my ice-cream eating skills lol '