' i would describe u as a mix of mew 2 and gyarados . i guess i would call u myaradew 2 cetanu ahaa , but what about the percentage of the male population that don't know their mbti personality type ? well i have hard time wrapping my head around my boyfriends inconsistent emotions . i don't know if its a waste of time or if i should be more patient my boyfriends emotional inconsistency used to confuse me and make me think he is just playing around with me . but then i noticed his feelings would stress him out more than they stressed me . :( he's ... well for all three reasons , although # 2 was the core reason why i asked but then again i didn't expect to get an answer so i guess it was more of an experiment to see how stupid intjs would think a ... i'm such a fighter especially when i know there are feelings still lingering :p . i think u should because when my entj broke up with me , i fought for him and now he appreciates it . when i say ... haa , have u seen a number of entj penises to come to that conclusion ? i'm dating an entj but would i be better off with an intj and why ? well what do you do for a job ? i am a philanthrope . i look past actions and behavior and i feel that people have pure intentions until they are soiled by society or their experiences . a dog that always bites or attacks isn't bad , ... ahahah i love reading the way you are using the scientific method to put two and two together . it's cute and humorous :p . hipster ? i am what i what i consider me . i don't care if something is ... i don't like to party too much ... just once in a while . and i don't mind being alone just to think . i like to take solo walks by the beach or in a pretty park ... soo i am dating an entj which is somewhat similar an intj except he is sooo bossy :p hopefully i will give you some good advice . 1 . my boyfriend was attracted to me at first because of how happy ... what i'm guessing is that prior to learning about mbti , your friend probably had identity issues and didn't really appreciate or embrace her emotional side and she would let things go . once she got ... does he try to change you like he thinks its possible ? :p i think anyone could only take so much of us enfp's aww ahah i dont see red ogre anywhere now silly selfiess 79741 79742 79743 you wanna find a potential enfp mate huhhh :p well because you are still in high school you haven't fully developed your identity and sense of self yet . i'm 21 and i'm surprised how much i've changed throughout the years even though i believed ... thanks sirrr what i do is just look in between their eyes or at their nose so i make it casual and to show that i'm not phased by their stare . the problem is sometimes i give others intense stares while i try to ... ready for the sillyness ? 79559 79561 79560 you're rude well when you say not forget , what are you implying ? if you mean physically forgetting , it is psychologically impossible for someone to completely delete a memory from his / her psyche . ... you're so right ! my best friend who's an estj has a hard time following me and will sometimes give in just because i'm so enthusiastic about my ideas and she just assumes that they makes sense . my ... you can't forgive if you can't forget ... i'm the least vengeful person in the sense that i never feel to wish harm upon anyone . neither am i revengeful . however i despise hypocrites and inconsiderate people who purposely take unfair ... ahah that's your total opposite .. opposites attract ! ! mine's an entj and we still have a long way to go . he's getting there though , especially when he misses me :p sometimes i want to shake him ... ahahah that's the same conversation ill have with my boyfriend :p you said you'd be here an hour ago you would lose your head if it wasnt attached to you ma'am have you been drinking tonight ? nooo are u sure ur ok ? u just walked into a glass door ... i ... actually i sound a bit cocky . what i meant to say is that my boyfriend always makes me feel that he offers a lot more to the relationship than i do and that bothers me because i want to feel ... well i think it all depends on the social and societal representation and construction of men and women as well as estrogen vs testosterone aww thank you for that . i do offer a lot of support , patience , understanding , and compassion that he is in thirst for but rarely admits it . i guess it's as simple as that ... you're right , i just need to be more patient thanks there is a lot more to it mr . canis . i've accepted that he is not as passionate as i am but he does have his sudden but rare bursts of emotion that he spills out to me . i've tweaked him open a lot ... actually yes he has been emotionally harmed which probably plays a big part on why he's so closed . see some days he will tell me he loves me and other days he feelings won't be as strong . when i ask ... ahhaha i hope i dont scare you guys away how can i make my entj boyfriend happy ? ? i know im something very special to him compared to his past girlfriends but i just want to help him embrace his feelings for me and open his heart to let me ... hmmm , what kind of student was i in high school .. well i was very curious and loved to learn new things . i was also very cooperative in class disscusions and always loved to challenge the teacher ... '