' whats the difference in the case of a ti dominant , any definite way to distinguish between the two ? ps : note that i m talking about cognitive functions . i am not asking how to distinguish between ... please if you are aware of any such forum post its website . jcf means jungian cgnitive functions for them who dont know . i googled jcf forum but found nothing . i m getting too tired with the misconceptions people integrate in their understanding of types ... am i really an intp or an istp ? i am very fond of dogs , i'm curious if this is an ' intp ' thing . , 1.when communicating ( talking ): focus on the words the other person is using , try to talk ' their ' language , their ' terms ' . i ve found i generally make wrong assumptions and that my communication is ... hi to all tou entp-s . i have been reading jung's description of types recently and i read that developing your auxilliary is the best way to protect your consciousness against the destructive ... you know you're an istp when you are really fond of dogs ... ? i didn't believe this before , but i think more strongly that this is true the more i grow up . i have always been addicted to the internet to the point where if i have no work to do i can sit and surf the web all day . i can spend hours on this forum or other forums like this just reading , i ... colors are colors and shades are shades . why should you confuse the two ? people decided to call them that way ... saying shades are the real colors sounds to me like you're saying why don't we call ... 202906 2028 98 if you don't know what individuation is , below i have quoted an article describing individuation : source : jungian center for the spiritual sciences | whole person learning in a jungian context ... you serious ? i think about those poor peaches the whole time . no you can't i made some mistakes ( didn't include poll , didn't make voting public ) in the creation of the two others so i had to make a third one . : frustrating : i mean attracted to in a love sense , not in a friendship sense . i was thinking that intj-entp have inverted functions , while isfj-entp have contrary functions to each other . i ve witnessed nobody ... for love match please delete this thread ? ? pls somebody delete this thread ? ? i ' m one of them people who have so i ' m curious to see how many other entp people i relate with in this concern . you're wrong hammersklavier start a thread asking how many entp-s share symptoms of social anxiety . it would offer an interesting insight giorgaros 2 i think this is the true cause of what you described . i don't think being bored of people necessarily means you are an intp . having social anxiety and being introverted shouldn't be by ... this ^ i do that almost everyday . i like to study stranger people's emotions / behavior when they think nobody is around and try to psychologize them . i think it came naturally . or maybe there was a cause way back before i developed memory . that would be an interesting article to read . no , thanks . there's such a big difference between traits and types theories and i am only interested in the latter . would that mean research on the subject is impossible ? yes . i don't get why you would call it a subdiscipline though . basically asking whether there are experiments that prove jung's psychological types existence . corrected my question . i am referring to jung's psychological types , which are basically the same as mbti types ( though jung spelled them differently , but i guess that has no importance to the ... i predicted this would happen ... : frustrating : i am referring to types , not myers briggs test . mbti validity has to do with accuracy of the test in finding your type . my question has to do with the existence of types in the first place . and if there is , please provide links . i searched the web but i only found this : [ construction of jung psychological types ... [ shinrigaku kenkyu . 2005 ] - pubmed - ncbi the article is incomplete for some reason , so basically not what i ... intp-s should be the king piece . we are the thinkers after all . anybody else experiencing this phenomenon ? is this typical for intp-s ? edit : i don't support any radical or settling views . i am as normal as the majority of people . i simply feel i find no ... 1 . i never read / watch manga 2 . i love playing football ( soccer ) 3 . i don't know programming languages . i started doubting if i m an intj today , although i always result an intp on the tests i take . the strange part i think is that ( according to the theory ) you can only be an intp or an intj . ... i mean in the long-term . what advice would basically make them a better version of themselves knowing intp's type strengths and weaknesses and basically their type description ? i guess rewritting yourself is impossible either . you cannot unbecome what you have become . i believe what you really want to do is change the way people see you . if that's the case then it's ... don't get me wrong . i believe that functions are passive and involuntary , most likely mediated by deep / inner sub-cortical regions such as the thalamus . when working on specific muscles you ... do you think it is valid ? in case you don't know what i am talking about you can read the thread below which explains his theory : ... what do you think of intp-s ? '