you are an idiot ! ( dot org ) you're wrong . these descriptions are just ... ugh . there are so many issues here . for one thing , it's totally not true that somebody can't be in those first three levels ... the one friend of mine who has bothered trying to type me says i'm an infp . after all , i'm experiencing what appears to be a fi-si loop , and the aforementioned friend also says i have unhealthy fi ... this may seem offensive at first . please read the whole thing . anyway , i really thought i was an infp . after all , it really seems like i'm experiencing a fi-si loop . ( if you want to know why i think ... i just got back from my first appointment with a new counselor . i was relieved to find out that she knows about mbti and takes it seriously . i mentioned that i'm an infp , which she didn't argue with ... i just thought that knowing what the problem is would be useful for trying to help her ... all i was asking was if that sounded like something that somebody in a fi-ni loop would do so i would know if ... i was reading a post on tumblr about unhealthy fi ( i'm an infp in a fi-si loop ) and i was thinking that it sounds even more like my little sister than it sounds like me . i'm gonna call her by her ... hi , i need advice on what to do in a situation involving an infj . my birthday is coming up , and my grandparents ( i live with them instead of my parents ) said i can have a party . but i don't want a ... if you think mbti is so stupid , what are you even doing on this forum ? i've been confused about my type for a while . finally i thought i was sure that i'm an infp , but then this guy said that i don't seem to be using much ne . i am sick and tired of having my entire ... the textbook from a college class i took said that stress can make it harder to be creative , but stuff i've read online has given me the impression that infps are immune to it or something , which i ... uh , mbti types don't change . why are you people talking about your types changing over the years ? my sister was diagnosed with asperger's back when it was a separate diagnosis from autism , but she identifies as autistic . ( she's one of those autism rights movement people . i used to support that ... i was having a hard time typing my little sister , who is 18 years old and has high-functioning autism , so i got her to take a dichotomous mbti test and then i thought about whether or not the ... pangea , i know nobody's replied to this thread in almost three weeks , but i was wondering if you could explain why you think i'm an infp . i think i have tertiary si , not te , but i have a long history of convincing myself i'm someone i'm not , which is why i'm constantly questioning my type . the link isn't working ? * tries it * it works ... i see two possible explanations for my behavior when i was little : 1 . i'm a repressed extrovert . 2 . i'm an introvert who was talking to random people and walking down the street , ringing doorbells , ... it's alright . i just misunderstood . i wasn't really upset about what you said . i was just a bit annoyed . i'm still kinda not sure ... when i was very little , people would've described me as an extrovert . when i was five and my friends ( who were a couple years older than me ) had to go to school , i walked ... well then , i guess i'm disgusting . when i was 12 , i romanticized bipolar disorder . when i began having manic episodes , i didn't realize right away because i originally acted like that for fun . i ... i did say in the title that anyone who doesn't want to read a 7,500- word post should skip to the link at the end . it's a link to a thread concerning a more recent time in my life that was similar to ... okay , so i'm not entirely certain about my personality type , but if the topic of this post was indeed a fi-si loop , that pretty much confirms that i'm an infp , right ? anyway , i believe i may have ... i would like to explain something that makes me wonder whether i have fe or fi . i think i'm more in tune with others ' emotions than some people around me seem to think . being raised by autistic ... but doesn't constantly copying others indicate a lack of imagination ? well , i did have very vague ideas for a couple of the pictures , but they were about things i don't know enough about to be able to write about them ( such as romantic relationships ) . some things are ... maybe i'm not an intuitive after all since this one school assignment was so hard . :( first i had to choose three pictures of places i've been or would like to go to , then describe them using three ... my grandma thought i was a sensor , but my grandpa didn't . the things i talk to my grandpa about are very different from the things i talk to my grandma about since i have a lot more in common with my ... wait , so you're saying infps can't be happy ? i didn't take it as an insult . i just know i'm not an esfj . what makes you think i'm socially active ? i don't usually talk to anyone at church unless ... by the way , i was forced to learn to think more logically when i was 13 . when i found out about digimon believers when i was 12 and read about how all these people were talking to their digimon ... do you really think i'd be considered weird and freaky and hated by almost everyone in the school if i had one of the most common personality types ? i was that idiot who kicked people whenever i ... you people don't even know me , and i should never have asked people who don't know me for help without completely explaining my entire life story . and if i explained my entire life story , everyone ... also , here's what human metrics says : your type is infp introvert ( 34 % ) intuitive ( 6 % ) feeling ( 59 % ) perceiving ( 12 % ) i'm outta here . you are in danger of completely ruining my school project . i'm supposed to incorporate my mbti type into my career plans for a school project and i really really really want to be a ... those two things are at the bottom because the other things are more important . i was a lot more social when i was little . i went over to a friend's house almost every day . but i was home schooled , ... i used to be hated by everyone . nobody wants to be hated . do you have any idea how painful it is to be hated by everyone ? i have done things that caused people who were my friends before to hate me ! ... why do you think i have fe ? that's kind of ironic , since when i did another questionnaire ( the one you can do yourself ) i was told i'm definitely a sensor . of course , if i hadn't had to look at a canyon , my response to that one ... yikes , i seriously answered question 3 the wrong way . should i go back and rewrite it like a cover letter ? i filled out a questionnaire . my computer lost power when i was in the middle of typing my answer to the third question and i lost the whole thing . i did my best to recreate it . 1 . is there ... i didn't mean the entire mlp community . just that forum . and when i was foreseeing the catastrophic downfall of mlp forums , i was basically describing what happened to the digimon believers . does ... actually i'm pretty sure there are some digimon believers who are thinkers . on mlp forums i found people talking about how they believe they actually met and / or talked to characters from my little pony and i posted two super long posts about why they're being completely ... i was just wondering if this answer i posted in response to a question on y ! a says anything about my personality type . here's a link to the question : ... i really should've read more before asking this . my question has been answered by an article on 16 personalities . sorry for taking up server space with a question that nobody cares about enough to ... i just saw somebody on some forum say that infps are social butterflies . i skimmed through the rest of the thread and nobody said it wasn't true . but aren't social butterflies usually extroverts ? i ... okay , i give up ! mbti is pointless ! i can't believe i wasted five months on this ! that time could've been better spent reading , sleeping , writing fan fiction , or ( for the past three weeks ) doing my ... there's probably something i'm supposed to do on the assignment if i don't like any of the suggested careers . i don't really know anything about the assignment right now . i guess i was overreacting a ... what does that have to do with whether or not i tell the truth on an assignment ? no way ! i'm not gonna lie ! you probably think i'm in high school , don't you ? people often think i'm younger than i really am . i'm actually in college . this class matters . it's called strategies for ... i shouldn't have asked this . i shouldn't have even joined this forum in the first place . i wish i'd never found out about mbti ! * starts to cry * so a while back i came on here to figure out my personality type . with the help of another user , i narrowed it down to either esfp or isfp . ( esfj , istp , and estp were also suggested , but those are ...