' the man sounds like a charmer . he's going around trying to make others feel good . and he has always been this person / dialed it back for you , so respect and understanding is there . if he isn't giving ... i doubt if a single individual beside robert downey jr and the main character from rick and morty in this thread are entp . yeah astrology is just a icebreaker to making friends like palm reading , pick-up lines and motel keys . i dont read first post . don't you know ? i'm a gem--i mean an entp look at all the entps taking being an mbti so seriously . you're all a bunch of capricorns . that doesn't really reveal much , although a great quote on introspection . he isn't ordering his process cognitively as much as he is saying he is a feely person . the man's 50 years old . fe or if as a ... if you can't read the obvious ironic humor of the quoted guys post then i don't think you know who i was talking to ( not the op ) : okwhat and you should know we don't do groupings , buddy . so you came here to make commentary / anecdotes on a mbti type but your defense is it's not mbti ? man , shut up . you can try , but you will never be us , complainer . i hated rocko's modern life and basically anything of that vein of humor or artistic style like i . r baboon & weasel show . but , beside that anything nickelodeon put out in the 90s was absolute gold : ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QiLXx-0W8Q4#t=37 eh , so i didn't miss anything by not reading after the talk of blowjobs ? see , this is why i always should trust my instinct . no , its ok for people to be bigoted as long as its doesn't pertain to mbti tops . haven't you heard ? all i want to know now is why the original poster was banned . i didn't even read the full post . basically the same for the sake of conversation have you considered other options .. ? pride , sloth and lust fight it out , which means i'm a lazy horny asshole . i've let emotions wash over me before . since my 20s i've gotten more expressive but its mostly anger . beside that i'm well controlled and always have been . but , nobody can get you mad like your ... “ you kill a man , you kill every opportunity he ever had . ” — bill murray quoting a clint eastwood movie , referring to the importance of staying present and living life to the fullest . you know talking about not like it is still talking about it all i know is im pretty fun to travel with if it isn't about beauty or practicality , then i'm not a fan of symmetry . also , i like creating symmetry or balance with my solutions . all feelings of regret are momentary . normally those supposed regrets just transform into great stories - i know i won't have many if any regrets if i die on a death bed with more than an hour to ... are you trying to sell your new novel bro ? ? it's because they are really disappointed with themselves . classic case of projecting , mum . / psychoanalyzing by the way there is a letter diff . practice helps . intps aren't putting themselves out there . same difference can be made with other types due to e v i is there anything other than asshole and normal as archetype for guys nowadays there is more hate than love post on this sub forum . hmmm ... so much jealousy i need to get back onto lifting bit first i gotta get more food in me on the daily . i get distracted by projects or goals or bs and forget to eat . lack of attention and focus i am listening to james bond octopussy playing in the background i think your theory generally is sound . i've noticed sjs aren't unlikely to be sexual promiscuous but require more work on owning this quality of themselves . however , american culture had gotten ... to clarify , i'm neutral . the examples of te popularized by the internet , thrown in arguments , and conversation infuriate me : your point is invalid . often used in retort to paragraph ( s ) of explanation , processes , or details ... 1 . ) depends . if there is a natural progression from the first impression to the first time we get it in , then of course not . its not about the sex . its about the person . do i like them ? 2 . ) ... you arent listed as a 5 pathetically insecure and accommodating ? how sexy . yes , that's why i don't correct what people say much anymore . it isn't worth it . let them figure it out themselves , especially if they've got enough redeemable traits . why burn bridges or waste time ... yea , i'd wager it was a ti trait more than a ne . i don't think infp are noticing all the weird abnormalities as commonly as istp , estp and intps . smacking food and it knifes accidentally scraping plates christopher wallace was a wordsmith . he was smart . yet , he did not deal in abstraction . documentaries note his extroversion , entertaining personality and physicality . he was an obvious thinker and ... you gotta be smart enough to know i'm stupid for us to communicate well yeah , stay away you little punk . but now that you are all grown up and a big boy ( diaper and all ) come have some fun . ha , is that a good synopsis of your feelings ? because we wanna learn . its a priority . so we're the louder voice on the net in these nerdy ass forums . were the guys educating folks on mbti . what ? you think we're going to self depreciate ourselves ... it's like people forget when they were ignorant . at some point i didn't know these things . so whether it be a semantic , scientific , or interpersonal error , i know i didn't always know . still , ... tyler the creator - enfp biggie smalls - estj and i don't know curren $ y & lil wayne's mbti , but they are not entp . id say entj are worse off because they can get what they want , they'll just never be satisfied . it depends on the company , right ? the rock collector or marketing firm ya know - cto probably aren't much needed . what are you called then ? look at him ! trying to fit in with the normal people . buddy , that chance has probably long gone . '