season 1 akane - infp shogo makishima - entp kogami - istp ginoza - istj kagari - extp yayoi - isfp not sure about shion or masaoka but i suspect either isfj or istp season 2 if you want it lucy - ixfp nyu - esfp nana - infp kurama - ixtj yahku - isfj khota - not too sure on this one mayu - isfj take this test keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes will be helpful to see how you are in relation to cognitive functions . i personally can't see you being an infj , i think inferior fe would cause the sporadic empathy skills . ti can analyse people quite well imo ti dominants are usually quite good at figuring out how ... tatsumi seems very extroverted and out going , i find it difficult to see him as an infp . seryu fits enfp quite well . why do you see esdeath as an f ? if anything she reminds me of a sociopath . true and i guess she's obsessed with the idea of the strong surviving . i could see mine as an enfj too , i have only seen the anime so i can only go off that , if you are reading the manga your ... what makes you think entj for esdeath over estj ? i wasn't too sure on this one . akame ga kill tatsumi - esfp akame - istj esdeath - estj lubbock - estp leonne - estp mine - estj najenda - intj sheele - isfj chelsa - entp anyone up for typing black bullets characters ? i'm at a loss for most of them . i think satomi rentaro maybe an ixfx or an exfp , really note sure though . i agree with pretty much all of your corrections :) but i'm curious as to think why you think jean is an istj over isfj ? hmm i see rei as an np or nj , asuka as a tj . why you do think rei is an istj and auska an esfp ? what about a te dominant with inferior fi causing the emotional outbursts ? i could vaguely see him being an esfp . why do you think nunally is an isfp and euphemia an enfj ? nunally seemed to have more fe than fi . why do you think re-l is an extrovert ? haha sorry i think light is a feeler . i see mello as an enfj as enfp will come up with several different possibilities with their ne but mello only comes up with one with a lot of confidence e . g ... code geass lelouch - intj suzaku - isfj kallen - estp nunally - ixfj cornelia - estj euphemia - enfp rolo - isfp death note i would say you are either an istj or infp well him and an enfp always talk about things like ' what if you could run at the speed of light ' and he randomly brought up something about flippers in a chemistry class and he is good at / physics ... i introduced my friend to myers brigs and the first time he took a test he scored entp , when i pointed out what i ' thought ' were ne traits in him he suddenly seemed to think he didn't have it . i ... good post , but don't istp's have fe as their inferior function ? i thought ni was their tertiary function . your welcome : happy : i guess it could , i think depression would cause someone to become more reclusive and less sociable in turn making them an introvert on the tests . you could be an introvert that ... if you dream of going to parties and have more friends etc then i doubt you are an introvert , it's possible but i doubt it . nf's are artistic like isfp's and considering isfp's have se meaning they ... defintily sounds like you have fi , i would say you are either an isfp or infp most likely an infp . i think you're right , i am most likely an infj i could be an isfj as wolf 12345 said , when it comes to remembering things like say facts on animals or technology like computers i can eaily remember ... i doubt i am an isfj but i guess it's a possibility , i do however think of what if situation all the time which i know infj's like to do so i think i am an infj well a principle ( i guess ) of mine is that if an action or lack of action results in a person , animal or the environment getting hurt or damaged for no justified reason that action or lack of it is ... it all depends , if it's an argument on something i feel strongly for say smoking and whether it should be legal or not ill probably jump in and take the side i stand with , if it's about something ... 19 . i'm not sure what to think about this paragraph . for the most part i can't decode it , haha . lol what i meant to say was that my friends would say i am rather energetic and can be quite weird , ... thanks for the detailed reply . you may be right but one thing i would say might not make me an infj is that i am generally not very quiet and i often get told to speak quieter when i'm around my ... i have done the cognitive functions test and i usually find it hard to pick how much i do someting etc . istj could be a posibility but i think most people that know me would laugh at me being one of ... hi all ! i have been researching mbti for a while now trying to type myself and my friends but i have run into problems with picky my own type , would you please be able to help me ? thanks in advance ... when you said you brought cloths to seem ' normal ' implying fe , was it because you cared how others viewed you or you just wanted to avoid being bullied ? which fi is not immune to as amenamy said ... just to be sure , read a description of an isfj . the way you react to things or just randomly do things that you have said you have done in your posts is more p than j behavior . when you read something do you relate it back to things or come up with theories etc ? if i was following generalizations i would say you were an infp as most sp's are usually athletic , that is a generalization though . do you notice details in your surrounding or do you think / space out ... i would say intp also . you have fe but it does not seem to be very strong . you analyse things from different angles and want to be knowledgeable in all the subjects your interested in so i would say ... she could be . how do you feel about sports ? entj maybe . you sound more like an infp to me . how did you know ... well partying generally involves alcohol and othe questionable things . i dont judge really them on it , i just generally dont get along very well with people that party a lot . hahah well ill be more specfifc ' anything that requires physical strength or co ordination make me feel inferior ' like throwing a ball or sport . swimming doesnt seem to cause me many problems . if i did those things would you say i was an intj ? or still borderline ? i'm a person that makes decisions on empirical logic usually and sometimes can be rather impersonal . as i said i do not always seek harmony i just only care about doing what i see as right , if i see ... thanks . i have been researching the cognitive functions for a bit and i was wondering what are simple differences between ti and te and fi and fe . as i keep finding conflicting information . yeah that could be the case . i usually come up as borderline between the two . i'm not sure how that works though , wouldn't it mess up the cognitive functions ? i remember i was always blunt and ... that may be the case but that has only been recently . my parents and a close friend that has known me from when i was young say i sound more like an intj . they also said that emotionally sometimes i ... hi all , i have done the human metrics 16 personality test several times and i usually always get a different result , i have manage to test at least once for all the inxx types but the types i come ...