' i find a lack of self awareness is a common denominator among very intelligent people . let me take you out . i'll run my fingers through your hair , make you shiver with desire by lightly touching you . then you can show me just how big you really are (: cute little intp , oh how i wish for you to fall under my spell . i usually get what i want , can you say the same , hm ? well , you happen to be right about that . you take me up on it or not ? my swedish charm is not to be messed with after all ~ you won't think the same way after i'm done with you ~ : kitteh : i'm fucking in . watch out cute little intp's <3 entp 20/80 on board the autism train . i would advise you to look at the cognitive functions instead . this is an easy way to get mistyped , especially if you base it on a stereotype and see it as a character , a type you look up to . i got ... my bet is intp . however , haven't seen too much of him . exfp lip from shameless https://31.media.tumblr.com/a97f5ed3bc7b447cfee8193a547cbdc7/tumblr_njn3upCTqv1u8o8qyo1_500.gif red from orange is the new black ... username - felt like being edgy avatar - like the artist i like people , but do need a lot of alone time . i don't mind being alone for a few days , occupied with a current obsession . if i have an idea or something i'm interested in , i put that in front of ... maybe i've been mistyped until now then , since i never really related too much to how anal entjs could be with structure . i feel like i fall somewhere in-between , but perhaps i'm more of an entp than ... the thing is , i do enjoy leading . most of the time i consider myself better than the group leader and want to take their place . i am however not keen on organizing things , i find it to be a chore . i ... i'm confused . i tried doing this myself to contribute , but i couldn't stay interested in more than 3 sentences . i'm also not the best at typing others . i'm curious on how i come off to others in my ... i've been mistaken for an entp a lot of the time , for my laid back behavior and humor . i smile a lot and act friendly . however , i can come off as arrogant or too blunt for some . you can obviously see ... alright . let's go for nefarious . can i change my name to fxxk ? stands for fork of course . thank you . i see way too many do this . we are humans , not robots . this is me ( entj ) with my best friend ( intp ) . https://66.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrqszwxs251r104x4o1_400.gif https://67.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lrqszwxs251r104x4o2_400.gif so since fuck wasn't allowed ... how about ah f * ck ? infp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfIjIVLmhAI indeed . i was the one who told him about it and he took the test but showed no further interest in it . i dream big and i'm ambitious . he likes the comfortable in life and things i see as rational ... most of our arguments happen because of his lack of support . he is downright pessimistic a lot of the time and it's not the best feeling when you expect support from him ( which i give very much of ) ... my sister is an esfp and i mainly keep things on a more shallow level and stay out of arguments . she tells me to talk to her about anything , but more often than not takes it very harshly and gets ... how are you with opening up ? what does it take and how do you express it ? enfp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BfIjIVLmhAI i don't walk around with my head up my ass . many nt's do this and should frankly get out more . i've seen far too many with their deep quotes and pseudo-intellectual bullshit whining about how the ... sounds like it's time to drop him . entj or not , he's a pure , selfish asshole . he has no reason to treat you like this , no matter his reasons . shitty human , don't waste any more time on him . there ... a certain someone . i'm an entj and have my eyes set on an istj male . we're both very interested in each other and communicate fairly well . however , i have noticed a few issues between us . we often butt heads , he can ... intp well excuse me jumping in here , but i think it's a common misconception . there are just a lot of edgy intjs trying to be all cool , complex and too intelligent for anyone to ever understand them . ... i don't see how that should play a part in a simple welcome . an unnecessary comment in this case . welcome ! :) hey , welcome :) welcome ! :) welcome ! enjoy your stay , fellow entj here :) hit me up if you feel like talking when you've reached your post count ! :) hello ! welcome :) welcome ! hope you enjoy your stay :) hello , welcome ! :) hello ! welcome to the forums , fellow entj here :) welcome to the forums , fellow entj here :) just shoot me a pm if you feel like having a chat . hello ! welcome to the forums :) verkar anala med den här inläggsgrejen , kan inte ens svara på ditt pm :( svarar så snart jag kan ! lite så . eller så är jag bara flytande i svenska ;) måste ha minst 15 inlägg verkar det som . kunde inte undgå det röda huset , kände igen det som svensk ;) gyllene chans för skämtet , klandrar dig inte . försökte skicka ett pm utan framgång . lately i've been in this constant pit of irritation . i yearn for social interaction , but i can't meet someone worthwhile . i can of course spend time with the good friends i do have , but i want that ... '