averoblivious so i guess i alreally answer my question i agree with you but i never been really good with grade even if i study alot ... at some point , i don't care about failling class , i know that will happens and it normal . when i think about my ... for now i'm in a engineering program and my universities doesn't offer any degrees in buiness management ... i have no idea how minor and major work here in canada ... i'm not even sure it exist ... if ... no it doesn't wroth to throw away 2 years to do something else but if you don't like what you do and you look at the class you still have to do and don't like them , what do you do ? keep suffering in ... but at some point it more than 2 years that left ... it may be 3 because i'm failling some class . at a point it frustrating because i work alot and it not rewarding ... also , some stuff that i ... hi , i'm posting on this forum because i don't know what to do . i'm now a universities student in a bac in information technology . it bean about 2 years that i'm in it but actually i don't like it ... you making me crazy ! ! ! stop just meowning ! ! ! good bye melon 100 % of people who is born will die a day death or alive . what the fox said ? ps : to code you don't need a good computer ... you can look on https://www.codecademy.com/ , there's tutoriel about programmation language but once you know one very well it pretty much the same for ... i prefer where waddle it more intteclectual lolllollolol i wanna rock and roll all night ! ! and party everyday ! never gonna run around and desert you you're going to suffer ! ! ! evil laught i want to win stop posting ! ! ! | ! ! ! if you want to work with other people and stay in the computer field , you can always do tech support i means you help people and you have to analyse the problem and find a solution . if you want also ... sela i really want to start to listen to agent of the shield , it is wroth it ? or not ? what's the show about ? inforjoking here a website that describe istj very well and i agree with it . istj personality ( âx80x9cthe logisticianâx 80x9d ) | 16personalities i think you explained it very well right there . lol yhea you're right , it just that i thought not the same way as you wanted to say . ( i though like the stereotypical istj no feeling ) ... inforjoking what do you want to know ? ethanol beautiful text . i don't think it about struggling emotion because we know what we feel , i think it more being comfortable to say it . ... doktorin zylinder dam it look good thanks for sharing here another one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2IF5TfnmV0k kitty 23 favorite caracter on supernatural it crowley and dean . i like the evil way of crowley and how he's being played . also , i like dean winchester for his funny attitude . something i hate ... hmm you want me to make eat subway there're not very good fast food restaurant lol it all the same thing or almost ... gilly nha steak and cheese is the best at subway ! ! ! ahhaha lol here in canada we still have tim horton that offer sandwich but they are not as good as subway ... hell yhea i like it very much but way to complicated when you go there for the first time :) to many question ! ! ! because you just want to eat a sandwich lol this comedian is epic ! ! always making me laugh https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JteeiYgR1ss https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z9UbKw4B0WQ here some that i can think about : spartacus blue mountain state how i met your mother supernatural friends house of card viking falling skies hey , i'm very curious about what song make you automaticly smile whenever you are . for me it those 3 songs . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jErJimwom94 ... stick to your goal know what you want and stop being afraid to fail . good motivation video here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=41Zjh3AirjU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjP9r-HU4fk i'm not of fan of texting i prefer to talk face to face with the person . also , i don't have a cellphone ... texting can be usefull but again do we really need it ? will it change your life ? can't ... yhea at our university to , i tried to look at teacher feedback to know which one is good or not . i know that companies looking if you have your diploma and that it in my field of expertise but also i ... you know i don't see myself as a pefectionnist , i see more myself like a hardworking stubbor person.you know when i was in high school i learn one thing : always give your 110 % to achieve your goal . ... necrox you're not wrong that i'm studying to much , but sometime you have the feeling you're confidant and you fail the exam and that the wrost feeling . skeletalz how do you plan yourself ? i ... hi guy , i need some advice . i'm now at universities ( engeenering ) and i'm kind of having a hard time to get good grade in general . not because i don't work , i work alot ( istj ) but i'm probably ... for the holiday i made delicious sugar cream ! and some date squares : happy : devour of the day - good man welcome to the forum infjwolves happy to meet you thank you very much :) good luck with your writting . out of curiosity , since you are a writter , you have anything you write to share ? happy to meet you e.m.awriting sup guy , i just joined this forum because i want to learn more about my personalities and others . i made mtbi test and i can occurs that i am an istj :) . in the case of the ennegram , i've past ...