' i see xsfj but i'd wait for a more experienced typer to respond . welcome fellow newbie . interesting . i actually filled out the enneagram questions on this forum if anyone is curious . thank you yay ! great breakdown . i guess you could call my living situation a grey foggy cloud . it's a real downer some days . i appreciate how you've broken down parts of my post into categories of the functions . given the other ... interesting . you're the first to say extrovert . what makes you think entp ? the socionics test or something in the questionnaire ? edit : in response to the first sentence , i suppose going from high ... : crying : bump i posted this questionnaire on another forum but i figured i'd post this here to see if anyone had any other comments . last time i was looking for my type was in high school . what an idiot i was ... bump ... that's sad . i don't make it a point to post on this forum . as a matter of fact , i'm not sure i care about a four-letter code as much as i care about venting my personality on a page . i'm not sure my heart will ... interesting . the members here seem to agree with istp . the members of another type forum seem to lean estp . look at all the responses . : laughing : most people said intj . i stayed with that for a while . i agreed with many aspects of that profile . there was one user that later insisted on e / infj . i joined this forum almost two years ago and at the start of it all , i was very interested in the mbti . i jumped around every type and never could decide on one . i still haven't been able to decide ... 18740 let's see here ... yes . : laughing : on a scale of 1-10 . ( low is 1 to high 10 ) meeting new people . with people you know but not well . with your group of close friends . with you closest friend . greetings fellow cafe members . i would like to ask general questions to see how istjs on this forum respond . this isn't trying to prove anything . i just want to see how much you relate to each ... greetings fellow cafe members . i would like to ask general questions to see how estps on this forum respond . this isn't trying to prove anything . i just want to see how much you relate to each other ... this link was originally posted at typology central . fyodor dostoevsky was a russian writer and essayist , known for his novels crime and punishment and the brothers karamazov . he has been considered ... what type is this half of the magical duo ? believing there is no god gives me more room for belief in family , people , love , truth , beauty , sex , jell-o and all the other things i can prove ... greetings fellow cafe members and isfps . i would like to ask general questions to see how isfps on this forum respond . this isn't trying to prove anything . i just want to see how much we relate to ... welcome to the forum ! : laughing : < have a laugh ! no takers ? : sad : you know you're an entp if , after reading this thread , you do everything listed on this thread in excess just so everyone can know how entp you are . welcome to the forum ! : laughing : < have a laugh ! welcome to the forum . :D there are several of us that feel out of place . there are many reasons for this and we all deal with it in our own way . 1 ) too cold 2 ) too emotional 3 ) too enthusiastic 4 ) too serious 5 ) not ... welcome to the forum . : ) please join the dark side . we have cookies . : laughing : welcome to the forum . : laughing : welcome to the forum ! : laughing : these tests do not work for me . i can manipulate the results . i can change my behavior too well . i will be taking a far more official mbti test . i will return and tell you the results . delete ... it was a fluke ! i had to look some terms up after i took this the first time . the scores changed . i was biased in answering on ni and ti by these new results . it was also at 2 am in the morning .  ... oh yes ! it did have those at the top . i think it was a fluke . if there was , i wasn't paying attention . why would it matter ? no one told me there were two function tests ! this changes everything ! my function order is : ti se ni ne one quick change ... si is the average one . se was limited in my functions . i mixed them up . ^ those have not changed . i took a more honest approach to the test and my results are listed ... sorry , i had an outburst there for a moment . if i am an nt i have a stereotypical reason for being seen as unfriendly . ( that's what i can tell people ) even though it may not be true . my family ... i could ask you the same question in any given situation . i have always behaved in this manner . i have a need to know everything . i feel empty without knowledge . it builds my insight and worldview ... in the internal world of ideas , i have a need to be perfect . i need to master understanding of everything that interests me . i need to know i can prove myself . this is why i depend on the real world ... it is normally far more abstract . this was just an example . how i apply it to the world ? i rarely do . when i do things in the world , it involves theories i talk about or work i do . would it be easier if i described my thought process ? out in the external world , i notice and connect things that i have previously understood or gained knowledge on . i notice things with my ... my argument : fe is outward values . not outwardly being nice . fe types don't have to accept societies rules . i go with my group and my values , above the group and their values . i still ... i feel like i am trying to use it . to support an ideal that i need be gentle . so my views do not make myself a hypocrite . i prefer using te than using fe . i will try though . i guess the feeling ... what am i supposed to feel ? i used fe recently to the best of my ability . ( family christmas ) it is unfamiliar and pointless . i can't conform to norms . i don't like them . nobody looks down on me when ... brilliant . i will gladly try . i haven't changed much from this ... http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-personality-type/4499-i-am-clueless-new.html :( if you read that it will prove that i need ... welcome to pc ! a few tips ! 1 . find the right planetary hotel . ( shh ... it is a conspiracy ) 2 . find an avatar that matches your flavor . 3 . pick something creative and or informing ; post ... are there any references that could help me blossom my fe ? do you have any advice ? i still test fairly weak from not using it as much as i should . are intuitive feelers more likely to have internal emotional debates ? are we prone to depression more so than other temperaments ? or is this a common n / in curse ? thanks , ilove thank you again . take care , ilove i consider myself more introverted . '