' having thought about this for a few minutes , i think that when i was younger i used to always try and preach my ideals to people , and i really wanted people to see the world as i did and to ... i'm an infp male currently in a relationship with an estp female , and it is awesome , without a doubt the best relationship i've been in . it seems to be just one adventure after another , and we never ... http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/numbers.png i don't think this is true at all , but i'm interested to hear your point of view . could you elaborate on how you think peak oil has caused the economic crisis ? i have a dysfunctional relationship with my bed . in fact , we are barely on speaking terms , and i confess that i have been unfaithful . in 5 years i have had a relationship with 10 ( ! ! ) different ... yeah but i think a lot of n types ( maybe ne users especially ) view deep conversations as an inherent part of socialising and it's one of the main reasons we might want to spend time with people , to ... i hate capitalism , because it is at the root of most of the things people are talking about in this thread . consumerism , worship of material goods . constantly attacking peoples self esteem and ... also thomas hardy is great all infps should like william butler yeats . he is so one of us . here are a few of my favourite poems : i also really , really , like leonard cohen , who i'm pretty sure is also an infp . here is a ... i don't think that's true at all . as far as consumerist subcultures such as goth are concerned , i'd say that we're pretty much the same . depending on the country and city - eastern europe will have ... i don't consciously look for a reaction or go for gross out stuff / shock value sort of stuff , however i can be quite contrarian in my opinions and i think i do have a tendency to go against the grain ... whereabouts ? my third photo is taken at the ice and snow festival in haerbin . also , you are very sweet looking , i like your dresses :-) i'm always torn between whether i should have a beard or not . i think my beard looks ok here . ... haha . maybe my analogy with peep show was my ne getting a little excessively carried away . i think my point was that infp humour can be of a similar nature to the humour in the show , and when it does ... i hate to say this , but i think that actually , it is pretty unlikely to date successfully without being a flirt . especially for infps . for humans , our brain is like a peacocks tail . the playfulness ... i've never seen a spirit . however ! i did see a ufo once , but nobody would believe me ... everyone just thought , oh it must have just been a helicopter . but i swear to god it wasn't . i don't know ... a good way to meet people is through a class . if you've finished education try taking a night class in something that you're interested in . i hear that these are actually full of people who are there ... this isn't true . you are doing something wrong and you can change it . i've known some people who are truly repulsive and irritating who have still got married . and i'm not assuming you are either of ... i'm just curious to know if there exists any mbti societies in any countries / cities ? or even if there has ever been socials organised on personality cafe ? i think it would be quite nice to spend time ... well , obviously there are a lot of differences between different infps , often depending on circumstances more than fundamental psychic structures . maybe it depends a lot on the dynamic of your social ... if they are an infp , i can guarantee that they certainly are interested . but they won't show it , they will just take it for granted that you know they are thinking about your inner quirks . that you ... i think fe and fi types have very different ways of showing that they care . my best friend is an enfp , so we are both fi users . we are closer friends than any other 2 people that i know , and by ... aaah , ok ! i don't think there is too much wrong with that actually . i imagined that it was like your 30 year old neighbour taking advantage of you or something ! sex play between children is actually ... 1 - forgiveness - making mistakes is the way we learn things and how we grow as people . i do not hold grudges against anyone , and strongly disapprove of people who do . if someone has done something ... wait , what ! ? ! how has nobody else commented on this yet ! ? - i am 23 years old - male - straight - lost virginity at 17 - 16 sexual partners - judging by the poll , that's quite a lot compared to most people . ( apart from 4 with more than 30 ! i'm ... i confess that i do use mbti when looking for partners . a lot of people here are saying they don't , but i suspect there's a lot of people just saying that because it appears superficially to be a ... very interesting . where did you get this information from ? based on what you're saying , i would be interested in reading a little more in depth about the mongols . could you recommend a book ? she doesn't sound like an enfj at all , she sounds more like a ( very unhealthy ) esfj . enfjs don't tend to be too fussy about cleanliness and order unlike esfjs , and i don't think any n types follow ... ok , there's this girl i've been hanging out with who is also an infp and i'm trying to work out if she's into me or not , or if she just sees me as a friend , and i don't know if an infp and infp ... heathcliff from wuthering heights could be an infp villain ? erik from phantom of the opera ? or nosferatu ? they have to be tortured villains who are also victims i think . infps don't do evil ... i'm an infp . types i'm attracted to from first to last : enfj enfp intj infj infp entp just wondering how old infps were when they first had sex . were you younger than most of your peers ? older ? about the same ? how did you feel about it afterwards ? were you in a relationship or was it ... i'm in my 4th year for chinese studies . it's been pretty good , i got to study in beijing throughout my 3rd year , but the final year is really boring . i want to study in more detail the economy and ... i'm good when i put my mind to it . a problem i do sometimes have is over-identification with the pieces , and i wonder if this is an infp thing . for example , if some bishop is doing well i will ... sksk just failed at trolling i used to do a hell of a lot of drugs , drink a lot ( i still do but not as much ) , be fairly promiscuous ( as far as i could anyway ) and did a lot of crazy shit . i think part of it was just rebelling ... how do infps generally fare on dating sites ? i've considered trying them out before , but when it comes to writing about myself i always feel uncomfortable / silly about trying to sell myself and end ... i don't mean places to find infps , i mean good places ( or ways ) for infps to make new friends and look for romance ! estjs . it's not that i dislike them as such - even before knowing about mbti , i used to teach myself to appreciate their worldview and see that they have valid strengths . i'm thinking of this one ... where are good ways for the infp to meet people who could potentially be their soul mate ? conventional wisdom ( in the uk at least ) says that you should just go out clubbing to meet someone but as we ... well , the test doesn't really mean anything - since we all understand mbti anyway we can just think do i want a thinker ? or a feeler ? and the questions on the test are just trying to determine that ... '