i can't speak for all intps but i have been in love more than once ( still am ) . and for me the experience is much like you describe . for me , it begins with a strong intellectual connection and then ... i'm an intp , my dad is an entj , and my mother is an esfp ... very possibly an enfp . my brother is an esfj . age : 22 gender : female ethnicity : caucasian , native american personality trait you are proudest of : genuineness ( best guess ) profession : psychologist hobby you most identify with : poetry ... fair enough , as long as she doesn't think she can walk all over you ! a sure way to bore an entj . so you really like this girl , and she's not sure how she feels about you .. well it's good she finally admitted she wasn't sure if the relationship was going to continue , but the way she has been going ... of course the infj must be healthy too . i recently got out of a friends with benefits relationship with a very unhealthy infj , and honestly i think he did a lot of damage i am not even capable of ... no offense but you kinda sound like a bad friend . if you feel so much pressure to be friends with someone maybe you shouldn't be friends with them . trust me i've been in your position before , i was ... and then there's the whole nature vs . nuture argument i don't think they necessarily make one more capable of empathy though ... in most ways i'm a text book intp . a lot like my close male intp friend . a bit more empathetic , but idk if that's because i'm a woman or just because my life experiences have developed me emotionally ... i can see how suggesting he seek counseling could be offensive . of course , i personally think pretty much anyone could benefit from just talking to someone , and that's the whole point of the ... sorry to hear about this ! may i recommend that he seek a counselor and or another confidant so you don't have to bear the weight of emotional issues all by yourself . of course it would be greatly ... not saying i wouldn't give an s a try but every man i've ever been involved with has been an n . pretty sure they have also all been ins , but idk . i tried to date an entj and although there was a ... well said , i think the root of my uncomfortability with it is the being contrived aspect i agree with this , i also feel a little insecure about complimenting & reaffirming people because i feel i come off differently than i intended sometimes . i always dress nicely , unless i'm just sitting in my room , then the emphasis is put on comfortability . but i never wear the correct shoes for the weather or location , i just can't for the life of me ... this is exactly how i'd describe my ne . i'm still trying to understand ni though . it's intriguing but frustrating when my infj friend for example can't tell me how he reached conclusion , but they ... haha yes all the time , though i'm less absent minded then i used to be . now tends to be more when my roommates & their friends come in or i'm thrusted into a social situation unexpectedly . also when ... i think the few obviously overused love plots in movies can be damaging to peoples ' psyches . they raise unrealistic expectations and ideas about love and sex in our modern world . and is their ... many people are unintelligent . but ignorance is also often a product of fear . the combination , especially lethal , is characteristic of many . sad , but true . i think it's nice that you want to ... how about do both ? and hey fellow female intp ! hi there ! welcome . i'm a big fan of infjs ! not married to one but in love with one . would love to hear anything you have to say about your partnership with an intp . enjoy the site ! yea i am pretty wordy but somewhat feely too . i think my bro prefers to be the one mostly talking so i'll let him do that good point ! yeah i've noticed that entjs stay consistently themselves in most situations . which is admirable , no offense to infjs . i don't necessarily stay 100 % me myself ... me too , but since i've been in college i've made tremendous leaps and bounds , and it feels good :) great illustration of the differences between entjs and infjs , and many reasons why i enjoy the company of infjs ! as long as it's genuine i enjoy that they can be analytical one moment , goofy the ... definitley , and hanging out with different kinds of people leads to growth and balance i think you do want feelers , or you will once you remember they can help you grow . you can also help them . and they're about 50 % of the population , so they're hard to avoid . maybe they don't ... i trust you are honest with yourself , i wish every infj and well , every person ever , was too . rather than allowing himself to come off as awkward or uncomfortable , this infj can either come off as ... my brother also enjoys intellucutual conversations ( i think if he didn't , we wouldn't be as close ) and i think i'm pretty good at keeping concepts relevant to us and people in general . i imagine it's ... thank you for your reply . you sound more introverted than the infj i know . i'm not sure what his reasoning is for hiding his feelings , but i think it's too prevent getting hurt & hurting others . you ... i read a book in high school about meditation . i can't remember what it is honestly but i'll update if i do ! i know i picked it up after researching eastern religions . i recommend just relaxing in a ... no , i agree it has more to do with his being an fe . if he was an se user that could potentially lead him to take things too personally given the present conversation ( that doesn't acknowledge facts ... that was a very good explanation , i agree . it also kind of sounds like asperger's syndrome to me . okay , thanks . it sounds like you would only take the leadership role if you personally felt it was truly needed . basically i was just asking if you would take a role that was unnatural to you for ... for me it happened to be mistaking an infj for an entj who is heavily guarded & loves to put on an entj mask . i think it would be a lot rare to mistake a true entj for an infj ;} i wouldn't consider a difficulty to create emotional intimate relationships necessarily a trait of extreme introversion yea , i do think that ints & other introspective types have similar characteristics to schizoids , and also are therefore , potentially , more apt to develop those feelings of alienation , etc . i can imagine that a lot of entjs would be attracted to the military too . thank you for saying that you like to make others feel comfortable , i've definitely noticed an infj doing that & originally ... both my brother & i need to develop our inferior functions as well . i think he is also still immature in certain ways , more so than i am , but i definitely come off the wrong way to him all the time & ... yea ! i really appreciate istps ability to do that , it's helped me grow a lot . and i really think the istp entj is a good match ! you may scare the feelies away though ! great thread ! i'm not an enfj but i'm highly interested in personal development and i will take this advice to heart ! one of my best friends is an enfj & she's been in a rut after breaking up with ... haha yea existential out pour has gotten me into trouble with istps before avoid theoretical business that can't be applied tangibly . istps like adventure . it is my opinion that an entj and istp will get along pretty well naturally so just be yourself but keep ya theories ... no , i don't think there is a link between intps & schizoids specifically . i think there's a link between high intelligence & schizoids however . also people who are ambidextrous , who are also usually ... extremely helpful , thank you . my fe is underdeveloped , but the rest is true as well . i do think he should deal with the reasons why he feels guilt , and then forgive himself . then take himself more ... thank you for your reply ! this made me think that perhaps the infj i know has a hard time initiating emotional contact . esfjs and intps , please tell me about your relationships with the other type . i'd like to just hear what people have to say about the other type , how you get along , what you fight about , and how ... yes , as long as the infp is around the enfj , they won't be able to move on . this was very true of my infp ex bf . so i have an unhealthy infj in my life and i try to be there for him , reaffirm , etc which i can tell he appreciates . but , he is unhealthy . as in made a mistake against his own moral code & is filled ...