' short ones without drama . i would hope i don't ever have to . we istps get a bad rap as employees . i agree with you . i think it's in the word create . if you create , then you're job is creative . game development is very creative and so is architecture . in fact , i noticed your enneagram is 5w4 ... i grew up speaking both english and russian . i know a little french . enough to ask for directions , but not enough to click it in the poll . i'm not great at keeping track of expenses that precisely on a weekly basis . it would depend on my eating out habits for a given week . i love coupons for take out and delivery . being in college i'm ... in real life ? no . i am drawn to action movies and shows , and games where i can shoot things . i like my violence fictional . for police officers ? that varies significantly depending on the location from what i've been told . for the sake of education alone it would be hard to pass up a chance to attend grad school at mit , because it's almost universally top ranked and so highly respected . i would imagine the education is ... it depends on the location for security . some places are pretty dead at night and just need someone to keep an eye on the place and watch the cameras . you would probably just see the people whose ... will i sound too much like an entp if i suggest that teachers are overrated ? professors are one thing , but public elementary school teachers in the us generally baby sit and read out of a giant , ... because robots are typically seen as gender neutral ? : unsure : if that were true wouldn't that make toroidal's claim of fi correct ? contrarily , i see him as the only somewhat farsighted candidate . he isn't interested in patting everyone on head and making them ... that sounds like my grandfather , who i believe is also an istp , but he's a little more aggressive like that , when compared to me . if he gets upset he'll go into another room and slam the door while ... that's the kind of passive-aggressive behavior i do . another entp troll . the ignore list welcomes you . i believe circumstances can dictate how you act , but not how you think . new experiences will broaden your horizons , but they're not going to alter you on such a fundamental level as to change your ... cruz always looks like he's practically in tears . so much fi . how in the world would you see him as an estp ? ti users make their own independent value judgments based on what is reasonable to them ... i just take that typing for granted . he's the walking stereotype of an estp 8w7 to me . riso and hudson typed him as 8w7 and that's fairly obvious also . the way he talks in generalizations and very ... nothing has yet beaten mass effect 2 in my mind . great story , great action , all kinds of companions . enfps seem to be the least judgmental type , so it makes them easy for almost everyone to like and get along with . # 2 is a compass . still trying to figure out the others . i don't know where the alleged asian connection came from . my mother's is the only side which could possibly have some east asian roots . my father's family were from a jewish community in the ... welcome jade ! statistically ntjs are the rarest types for females . maybe since they are more likely to be on the forums there is less interaction with stp females in the typology community . i fit ... personal autonomy . loyalty is another . i would say portland or seattle . pretty liberal , go with the flow kind of cities . welcome . good to see another istp . i have a bad habit of voting right or left of center on these kind of tests , because i don't typically like or identify with extremes . istp female 65.833 masculine 50 feminine 60.833 ... i see no signs of her being an intuitive . i would guess istj since she seems awfully soft spoken , but i've not known enough verified istjs and estjs to really distinguish between the two without ... and you didn't get intj ? oddly enough , i did get intj and i was writing poetic nonsense like the yellow sandwich beholds the freedom at dawn . hey , slee . sorry i neglected this thread . you might be onto something with having parents that are intuitives . my dad is an entp . haha i got exactly the same . is it broke ? that was by far the best scene of that episode . i was so afraid she wasn't going to get away from that monster . i've never been much of a crier , but i think i mentioned on an enneagram thread that ... getting mistested the first time is almost commonplace . if you tested infp i doubt you're an estj for example , but defintely look at similar types . the link to materialism , enjoying physical ... i withheld declaring a type until i did my homework on the cognitive functions . i assumed i was an intuitive , until i discovered the magic of ti . istp descriptions have generally fit well , although i ... i think it's just too slow for me . it's like a soap opera where it takes forever for the story to move . i seem to remember a scene of the characters tossing around in bed for five minutes . that's ... i was watching better call saul and almost cried over how bad the show is in comparison to breaking bad . does that count ? let's merge man and machine . if man is a machine , then he can't lose his job to one . tucken made a troll thread . that's hard to believe . other countries , especially up and coming countries like india , are producing a higher number of stem graduates . i don't think americans or the english or what have you are incapable of producing the ... i like her red carpet style . in my mind , she's an isfp . same functions as an intj , whom she can slightly resemble at times , but different ordering . and i recall her being a self-identified introvert . got caught up on the latest episode of bates model last night . i think so , because of it's real world benefit and starting salary . president obama once said , i promise you folks can make a lot more , potentially , with skilled manufacturing or the trades than ... 510154 no for 1 and 2 . 3 and 4 a little bit , but i'm mindful of those problems and try to keep them in check . it's my understanding istjs do well with diets and fitness regimen , whereas we istps are more ... i must have already loaded the page and didn't see your edit . my habit of having multiple tabs open and flipping around between them . as i mentioned in my first post i had trouble accepting myself ... as far as inclusive goes , you might want to look into the baha'is . i have no idea how their services work or if they'd be spiritual enough for you , as opposed to merely following religious rituals , ... after posting damn the jews ! on a thread i didn't picture you for a potential convert , even though i picked up on the sarcasm . i'm hardly a spiritual counselor . imagine that as a job for an ... that's a very good question and honestly i don't know enough about socionics to give you a solid answer . i'm guessing based on descriptions that sli would be my type . the stereotypes basically . lsi ... intjs are seen as the smartest type i think because they are often able to apply their knowledge well in the real world . they all have strengths and weaknesses , but no personality type does ... that was a great clip . i've seen other videos of his show too , but i'm not a regular viewer . it's on hbo right ? '