' i keep 2 lists . one is digital , on a smart phone . the other is a plastic clipboard with a grid of 30 small post-it notes , each with a task to be performed . once the task is complete , i replace ... i suppose it depends on your point of view . i have the ants under control , they just aren't where you can see them . i have no intentions of letting them roam free , but will bring them out for the ... the only person i know who tells me that i whine is my only irl intj friend , who , by the way , is a chameleon and can seem like a feeler all day long . it makes me stew in my own juices . just from the frame i do not think i can watch . i will take your word for it . please pass me the lavender , citronella , and aerogard without budgie smuggling imagery . thanks . since i have respect for you , i would not treat you as a fool . i reacted to your disparagement . however , i still feel this nagging , a bit like a mosquito that has intentions of feeding on blood . ... i just called peta . be looking over your shoulder ... i don't think you are using the most commonly held definition of attacked . an attack involves two sides , and the definition that you subscribe to fully eliminates the experience of one of those ... you're lucky that's the part that stuck . so you must be american too , intent , since you understand . thanks for aiding in clarification . i could go for a barbie with a spit , just for a bit of spectacle . um , and they are shrimps not prawns around here . i disagree . a personal attack intended by the attacker is no doubt an attack because of the intent . a personal attack can also be a result of perception . the attackee may experience a personal ... i will offer a compromise , which is unusual for me . ants to start , and continued research into other options . i am guessing that a mechanical solution would be your preference . * takes ant farm and ... oscarhollywood i understand that your friend has some influence ( by virtue of the friend title ) in your questioning , but is your friend expert enough to persuade you to doubt your typing ? the mbti ... driving through the florida keys in a convertible at sunset = amazingly zen calming experience driving through twisty mountains in a sports car on a sunday afternoon = exhilarating challenge ... i glanced over it . my take is that a personal attack only has power if the attackee cares , but i did not get that from their responses . it is not a surprise that i do not agree with more than ... i consider a mere disagreement to be a response that refutes a statement made . a personal attack addresses the person who made a statement . if the attacker does not specifically mention me or my ... i thought the ants the best choice . it's definitely a natural , green choice that supports the circle of life but accomplishes a sinister stereotype facet of unwelcome-ness . carrion birds are messy , ... some possibilities for themorrigan : strong acid , wood chipper , hungry sharks , carrion birds , pet food factory , mass grave , trash compactor , or this : man's genitals attacked by flesh-eating ants ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W0BeV9RAQFg&playnext=1&list=PLCFABC6A65E017FE7 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FM11ckYNz1w classic ! we use babyruth for that purpose in the us , and it can be a convincing decoy . this will not achieve your desired result , logically speaking . oh - my apologies . i thought i was in the intj = asshole thread , not one meant for another type . i didn't know what a pollywaffle was until i googled it . a pollywaffle is a chocolate bar made in australia . it is not what americans / canadians may think of as a breakfast waffle . of course , you ... i also know that part , but thanks for the response . when i click on quote + , the check mark does not appear , even when trying to click on several responses . this is why i originally posted ... my ... yes , i know that part . however , when i click on it , it only functions as reply with quote . my quote + is broken . you can wander away , but you will wander away under a false impression . i did not implode , i just thought that i would point out that you did not get away with what you thought you could get away ... my assholishness starts to show here . 2 statements , 2 paragraphs , but one insinuation . i am a smart horse , remember ? oh you do insist on trying to be clever . antiant is not a mare , but i would gladly give her a ride anytime . i don't seem to be able to multi-quote anymore . has this feature been deleted ? there might be warm and empathetic ones out there , but i haven't met any . i have met some who fake it well enough . many folks label them , but it doesn't mean the label is an accurate one . don't be sad misterliver . intjs often don't care as much about what others think . intent you don't need to worry about that . i'm still a smart horse and not a smart ass , in case you hadn't ... at least themorrigan picks a festive tune . while you may not be as smart as we intjs , that does not automatically make you or anyone else a moron ... just a little less smart . a smart horse doesn't need hands . a smart horse thinks ... wtf ? ! no ! nononononooo since when do they care about math ( s ) ? ! that really bugs eylrid too . have you two been visiting the same place ... it's too bad that my balls are too big to fit in the hands . strategy ? trolling ? derail ? me ? i heard somewhere we were supposed to be piranhas now . at least at first orion , at first . well , you are here in the intj = asshole thread , absolutely trying to be reasonable . it makes logical sense to have a reasonable person be team leader . antiant can represent the intjs while you try ... it is so nice to have actual advice from a real intj . we have been missing such a person on this thread , and we are all greateful for you to team up with antiant . will you nominate yourself team ... i choose door number 2 . i don't know which one , if one , antiant chooses . simulated ? 10char i have posted last on a few threads now , let's see if this thing still works ... even asking first will not guarantee access for me . asking may even result in automatic denial . i'm formulating a plan . thanks for the tip , i'll add it to the list of possibilities . : wink : i happen to have a couple of lawyers hanging around . it would put them to good use . would another kind of shell work ? like ammunition ? i would still use the fuck off note if that helps . * boom * the asshole in question is also a close-talker . leonardo davinci . i would want to compare my personal experience with the legend created through history . it would be an interesting experiment . i got a new team member a week ago ( not my hire ) who has decided he must bring me out of my shell . i reached at least the third ring of work hell . i think we have common views on do no harm and common sense living . as i see it , many of our problems are due to common sense not being so common after all . that is the essence of why i would ... you should not deny your feelings , and strong feelings for your child are natural . if you didn't feel strongly for your child , i would question your parental fitness . with that said , you should ... this seems like idealism to me , but perhaps i am too pessimistic . i believe that there are too many different people of differing temperaments , differing maturity levels , differing values , differing ... '