' i was referring to in every careers always a good memory is required , but well , you're always going to answer against me and you are going to respond in an abrasive manner , as if i was threatening ... did i miss something ? ? ? , whatever nautilus , if you do not like the topic , you better not comment in this thread , this will prevent major problems.again , sorry if i offended you , but if the thread is ... i'm not saying that each type has specific interests , you can be a great athlete regardless if you are intj , just as a esfp may be the best mathematician , or a good chess player , even if you are ... a constitutional law teacher tend to be more xstj , njs tend to be more mathematical this topic has come to call stupid debate between nautilus and hannibal and i originally speak russian , for that reason i write like a neanderthal god , you hurt my ego , but i can not forgive everyone , besides , and everything you've said on this topic , could do a bible ;) typism is a good word for those people who discriminate against others for their personality type , like saying infp are hippies and teddy bears , or say that entj are evil overlords , probably i am ... you seem to be very interested in this topic , even though many say the topic is silly . with everything you've written in this topic , you could create a book on criminal psychology my friend ;) you get angry very easily , if you want to comment on something that relates to the topic , rather than just create discussions and asterisks if the thread is so silly , so why have so many answers ? , i also bored me this topic . this seems more a battle of opinions that a thread of course , a psychopath with enneagram 4 i very daaangerous :d ry : i was not the one who think that stereotype , i know many people that thought someone is intj only their interests , when they clearly are other type ( most intp ) , also , in what moment i'm stereotyping ... extroverted sensing usually more impulsive and want to take action , while extraverted intuition more likes theoretical things , so i think it tends to be estp more sociopathic than enxp in the test i appeared extroverted thinking ( 70 % ) and feeling introverted ( 50 % ) , perhaps it is because i am enneagram 4w3 i have heard that enneagram 4 can be look-alike types because both show intensity , depth and directness of expression ( even flamboyance ) , a lot of energy or emotion , a desire for authenticity and ... all intjs are smart , but not all smarts are intj : wink : an intj is more open and cooperative while intj shown apathetic in many situations , like he does not care about your community , so i think intj more narcissistic than entj seriously ? ? , i think you're somebody who see any intelligent person and says is automatically intj . actually , i think if an intj may sociopath , but it would be very strange since intjs planning and sociopaths are impulsive , intjs have more narcsisistas trends , estp are more sociopath trends who said that narcissists are impulsive and not contemplative ? ? ? , seem only confuse terms , a narcissist may be the most philosophical.and say that someone is introspective no excuse to not be a ... i do not really think that jealousy has something to do with the mbti preferences , as they are very primitive feelings that are not influenced voluntarily . i think you're missing the principal theme of post . i would agree with you if you mean the narcissistic , but do not think an intj be impulsive as a sociopath entps are sometimes very ... i'm not saying that all estp are narcissist and only spoke of trends of personality disorders i do not think that narcissism has something to do with who knows more ? furthermore , most estp avoid verbal debates because are bored any skilled psychologists in mbti person when you ask who is the most narcissistic of all types ? , many times you answer is intj or is estp , so it is if you ask what is the most psychopath , ... those who know anything about psychology , you know that there are 2 types of psychopaths , primary ; they know how to control their impulses and not afraid and are not neurotics , and secondary ; he ... yesterday i made the test of the enneagram , i thought i could leave type 8 that always speak the type 8 and entj like the same thing , like the intp with type 5 , the end result was unexpected , ... friend , be more feeling introverted do not make you a good person , and the questions , there is no such thing as right and wrong , people say that good is you you do what people want you to do ... first , yes , that is secondly , i am too lazy to look for similar discussions to this topic they have not noticed that in most cartoons or movies always entj are bad ? even some evil characters that are not entj , the people say that if they are entj , why ? because they are evil , if not evil , ... besides , i do not think a subjective person is more introverted , everyone is subjective , the colors are , including black and white , because the brain is always going to change reality , i think i'm ... i always notice when a person gets very reserved , but i think it is due to shyness rather than introversion , are not the same in any case , i am restless and impatient and always try to be the leader , but i like being alone , another feature that makes me difference of entj is i'm not imposing , not ruthless and if i have ... the problem is that some features of the extroverted type if i and others not , i can usually talk to everybody , but i am very imaginative worlds in my head i do not know if extroverts maybe so , you ... it is a bit confusing , it's true i'm quiet , but avoided social life anyway , i love being alone , that makes me ? i do not understand what you mean , could you explain me better ? i'm really confused , do not know if i really either introverted or extroverted , i admit that i like being alone and always avoid social gatherings , even so i get excited and i was full of energy ... ma happens many times , and i'm intj , but also have the introverted intuition ( ni ) , sometimes when i dream something that ends up happening , and all are animals like spiders and dogs treated ... but it can help them long to find his true personality my biggest fear is heights nothing of philosophical and metaphorical about it , just fear is heights . _ . you have to do the personality test to find out : free personality test , type descriptions , relationship and career advice | 16personalities stone-enfp http://www.mrmuck.co.uk/images/product/white_limestone_rockery_stone_375x140.jpg i am a intj in this forum and have never spoken of myself ( ecxepto in paragraph you just read ) , you need not be sentimental or nice , nothing more you have to be interested in that person and ask ... i spend most of the day without showing emotions , the only emotion i had all week was excitement , because i ' m a man with great enthusiasm in fact , the exnj not like to flaunt his intelligence , but if they want to be recognized for their achievements and people see it as selfish but it's really not that it is normal , my mother is enfj and always believes to be right when we watch the news . but has a good side , for example , when there is a conflict your function extroverted feeling ( fe ) will ... really i have not seen a personality so on enxj people , although i notice that they like to be admired , are vain people really i have not seen a personality so on enxj people , although i notice that they like to be admired , are vain people if you were intp your last function is extroverted feeling that only you would use in situations of great pressure , if your friends describe as an abstract and very thoughtful thinker , you're ... '