' buncha estp haters in here ! lol i'd be my total opposite type for a day . whatever that is . but only for a day , i enjoy being an estp you won't guilt him into taking you back . it wasn't meant to be . focus your energy into finding a guy that's right for you and let this one go . it wasn't really my thing . i got bored after a page or 2 of it . i could find him pretty quickly but it was boring . i'm pretty damn competitive . if its something athletic , i usually win but i won't lose my shit if i lose . although if i said i'm good at something , just like another poster said .. i sure as shit ... oh that's sooo true ! that sounds about right . my tri-type is 8 7 3 . doubt that goes for every single estp but interesting find none the less i like my kindel . idk y i even got it though , i don't read all that much anyway but i like it because if the book i'm reading starts to bore me , i can just switch over to a new one . come to think of ... how can you even figure out what type a person is just based on their looks ? i love my job , it pays great , its fun , i have a blast with everyone i work with . i get to be social and im the boss sooo its a pretty sweet deal for me . when i have to crack down and get work done , i ... ive gotten pulled over countless times for speeding and have yet to get a ticket . i usually just talk my way out of it or they just tell me to slow it down and off i go . i actually can stay committed in a relationship . providing he can keep me on my toes and its a serious relationship and the sex isn't boring hahaha i average about 7hrs . although , it really depends on what im doing that day or what i did the night before . its not uncommon for me to be sleeping and someone calls wanting to hang out or do ... 1 . what's your type ? estp 2 . where are you in the family tree ? ( e . g . father , mother , daughter , brother , eldest , youngest , twins ) oldest of 4 3 . do you act differently in your family than you ... in - the-moment research hahahah that is great ! im with ya though . i would hate to be rejected but ive actually never been rejected by a guy before . i imagine its a shitty feeling though . gotta go with estp here . i am the queen of improvising and thinking on my feet . problem solving comes naturally to me but especially so when my back is against the wall . i just know what to do in ... i like anything that gets me pumped up ! like hip-hop , rock and some pop music . i cant stand slow sad songs . as for movies ... yehhh i think i actually go to the movies once evey few yrs lol im really ... yep . while ive never been one to really think outside of the box , im very hyperactive and daring or do crazy things other people wouldnt . i do sober what most people would need to be drunk or at ... well not fictional since its a reality show , but ive had a quite a few people compare me to erica from the bad girls club . not much love for the estp's huh ? : ( anyway i find im naturally attracted to people that are the same type or very close to it . although it never seems to work out for the long term ... ive gotten in my fair share of trouble , mainly because i just do what i feel like at the moment and dont give a shit . i always act 1st and think later . and yeh sometimes the fact that there is a ... wow , im sorry you've had such a bad experince with estp's but goddamn ... we arent all like that ! its not really fair to say stay away from this type theres more to people then just their type ie ( ... well ive never taught in a school setting but ive spent yrs teaching dance and coaching cheerleading . and while i know its not the same as teaching a class in a school i still have a teaching style ... serisouly ... what is with the twilight series ? ? ! ! i hate it with a passion . and a lot of my friends are actually into it . i just rip on them for it . i really cant believe so many people are into it i think theres some truth to that quote . god knows i find the humor in just about anything . even the crappy stuff in life . idk , i just dont take many things to heart . shit happens , laugh it off , have ... yehh im 8-7- 3 and i cant find much on the description of mine either . oh well . really doesnt matter to me either way . ive been persued many many times , and then theres times ive been the persuer . the way i see it ... who cares ? if 2 people are attracted to eachother and like ... well it takes a lot for me to get to the point of rage , but when i do ... wow , its reeeaaally ugly . its a rage that just can not be matched . its best to just stay the hell away from me . ill ... well nothing pisses me off more than slow people ! ! lol but people who are overly emotional , dramatic and take everything sooo seriously are right up there as well ! ! i just cant deal with that crap . im extremely competitive and its pretty rare that i actually lose . but if i do , im sore loser-ish . i wont break shit but i get annoyed . although that just makes me bring my a game even more next ... im right there with ya ! i hate when im just sitting at home with nothing to do . you really do feel like your wasting away which is funny because im sure to most people they would consider that ... i love adventure and i really do crave it ! and ok yeh , also the attention thing ... i def dont mind lots of attention thats for sure lol nahh i dont think this is true at all . well not that i speak for every estp but i couldnt be with someone just becasue they have money . who cares ? i make damn good money on my own . i dont need his ... i'm sx , you pretty much hit the nail right on the head . i lovveee to party . i pref a club though rather just sitting on a bar stool talking . i want to drink , dance , mingle with all the people in the club . not just sit and do nothing . it is sweet ... wouldnt wanna be anything else . we kick ass ! i have perfect handwriting . even though im messy and disorganized .. sooo idk if that correlation holds up much . well i live on the jersey shore , lived in seaside for years and now long beach island . ive had my fill . have been apartment hunting in manhattan the past few weeks . theres sooo much to do in the city ... 1 ) how do estp's show that they care ? im present great answer ! that and doing the little things for people that even though they may not be these grand gestures , sometimes its just enough to show ... my workspace / desk / room is just organized chaos lol i generally know where most stuff is about 80 % of the time . but then i have days like this where i mis-placed my tanning goggles and i could have ... estp - rock and hip - hop mostly . anything that gets me pumped up ! i really cant stand slow , sad , songs . esp that emo crap . however , i did see dashoard confessional in concert back in march and damn , ... estp - hands down , no contest . omg , i heart my phone ! idk what id without it . i like staying in contact with everyone ( for the most part ... i have my days lol ) plus when im bored or waiting in line , i can check my email , play ... well ive been called a bully , but i never actually ment to bully a person . i do tease and make fun of people but to me its all in good fun . and i could care less if someone did it right back to me ... was captain of the cheerleading squad , ran track and played softball . also did dance , was on the yearbook staff and in varsity p club and was voted best eyes in hs ... i never did mind a little boost ... right on ! thanks :) is that what 8-7- 3 is ? a triple aggressive ? idk , im new to this stuff . its pretty interesting . but thats sweet if its pretty rare :) ok i cheated and voted for myself , lol i couldnt help it . but i dig 1 ' s too . my sister is a 1 and we get along wonderfully . im 8-7- 3 ... put it all together and what do you get ? ? no idea . lol you get me i suppose . oh boy ! im an 8 . soo just how rare are they ? being a female 8 is rough . and it is lonley type , maybe for the pure fact i equate vulnerability with weakness . and god forbid i show any sign of weakness to ... '