i can't say i have given this much thought in the past , but if i reflect about how people have approached me in the past : - i will never turn down a person with questions and i respect people with a ... i tested as an esfj with little to no preference in the j / p category ... seems to work decently well . just from my personal experiences with esfjs ; any relationship between the two is largely dependent on common interests examples : - my mother and me have nothing in common , thus conversations ... more of a curiosity thing at this point , but here it goes . me and my entj so ( 5 years ) very rarely have arguments . when we do have arguments he is usually the instigator . as an intp i work best ... how does one know if i am interested in them ? i spend time with them . honestly , i didn't realize this wasn't a clear sign of interest until my current so asked me what i thought of him before we ... i was given the moniker ' queen of the outcasts . ' though i never really got to know these ' outcasts ' that i was supposed to be ruling . the name didn't bother me much , since i didn't take it ... to be honest , whichever my partner feels like taking care of . i get so easily distracted and zoned out that i don't spend as much time with them as needed . i currently have two cats that my so takes ... ugh ... i have been addicted to town of salem recently . the mystery is the biggest appeal . if i am a townie then i have to try to survive while trying to decipher who is playing one of the ' bad ' ... personally , ( as harsh as this is going to sound ) i feel the novelty of a new ' friendship ' or the ' fun ' of meeting new people that have differing opinions or interests than us ... tends to fall off ... intj / p i got the detective your quantitative reasoning score : 93.75 % your future-based reasoning score : 68.75 % your evidence evaluation score : 87.5 % your cognitive awareness score : 68.75 % pistol shrimp ... you are just gonna have to youtube it ... trust me ! whenever there are exhibits of interest going on , i always somehow make my way there . at work i always have people tell me that i am just the most calm and relaxed person and they don't know how i ... i stopped doing these ... holiday things once i moved out of my parents house . i tried one out a two years ago , i can't recall the name of it . it was ok for the most part , i didn't meet anyone interesting , but i did meet some people who became good friends . it is hard for me to ... i knew him long before we started dating , back when i believe he was still a healthy individual . the majority of the traits he displayed back then were very close to what is described as an enfj . i ... yes i have told him that i did not wish to see him ever again , but it seems even that was not enough . it is a pain , but i have considered a restraining order should it escaluate even more , i am ... good morning everyone , so i had thought everything was peachy keen with this individual a couple of months ago ... i thought wrong . i had dated this enfj over a year ago , for only a month , and at ... the op sounds like what we hear all the time in the military . the thing i would add in is : make yourself indisposable . i have had to fight for my job before and they did an interview on me and ... thank you for completing the questionnaireyou'll be pleased to learn that you match the profile of a : contenderas a contender , you're likely to believe at times it is necessary for work to come ... i do not get drunk unless with someone i truly trust , however , i have never been an emotional drunk . i turn into a ' needy ' girl , must be why my so always volunteers to be my dd . har har . 13 total . i have been awake for 4 and 1/2 hours ... 10 = co-workers ( no small talk , purely work related ) 3 = customers the only time i have engaged in fist fights is when someone hit one of my friends . i won't tolerate that . i , myself , and not overweight or underweight . i do know of another intj that comes to some meetings i attend after work , he is also quite on the skinny side . it is sad , real or not , because it happens all the time . what is the fix ? how could everyone let something like this happen ? why did no one intervene ? i felt all of that in the letter , truth of the ... actually going out to stores ? no . online shopping ? yes . i had a friend who tried that once before , tracked her down and made her tell me why . her reasons were weak and so i didn't except them . i told her why i thought what she was doing was a bad move and ... i actually have no problem telling someone no , and i could care less if they like my reason . i usually don't have much free time and i do a lot of things for people who are in need , so i have the ... dear entjs , you make me : blushed : . that is all . written by an intj ... funny witty sharp tounge likes to be submissive . ;) i know only of one . we don't really hang out much , but when we do we get along really great . our significant others , however , are really great friends so they are always putting together double dates ... i was always either hitting the books or video games . i spent a lot of time doing jigsaw puzzles and word games . the only difference now is that i spend most of my time improving my working methods ... do you find it easier to hug somebody you only see as a friend rather than a romantic interest ? i won't even hug family members , it is uncomfortable . i generally won't hug a significant other ... i only know one other intj , but we don't hang out or even talk to each other unless we bump into one another . however , he started dating one of my mate's friends ... and now my mate and his mate ... i can't say i have ever met someone that i wanted to know like that that caused me to become more distant . if i find someone interesting or someone that i would like to get to know , i go up and talk ... ah , yes . this website makes a lot of sense to me . i am not one to easily believe such things as reincarnation , or perhaps it is the word i have a problem with . when i was younger i often had dreams ... i am on the fence . i would love to have a child of my own , but so many health problems run in my family that i am scared the child would have to suffer through them like i do . fortunetly my so also ... i have met a handful of people in my life that believe in reincarnations . i , myself , am sitting on the fence as i cannot decide what it is i believe . i want to know if anyone has had experiences ... i am non-religious , but i think if i had grown up with that i would still not be ok with it . of course i have had such experiences that i wouldn't never agree to a nine year old to be put through ... dear enfj , if your silly little attempts at starting arguments continue i will slay you in front of your silly little posse , you overgrown monkey . no longer amused intj . i know a lot of entjs who do searches with simular wording and they always have a lot of tabs relating to one topic . i am the exact opposite . i just use key words and only have the one tab related to ... i would like to think that your time will never come . :) or you have a great friend to protect you . however , i do wonder if you ever get the feeling you have a curse . like i often feel i am cursed , ... new co-workers :/ lets see ... several years of rape by my father ( who invited one of his work friends later on ) several years of physical / mental abuse suicide of my best friend when i was 8 disownment by my ... all my life i have had paranormal experiences . i have had experiences where i wasnx 92t the only one who had seen / heard it and even one that cause me physical harm . i will give some examples . ... what do you need help with exactly ? the wording ? rocky ii dear entj , i love that you are a family guy ... but i miss you already . hurry home . love , your intj * farm work * grocery store * food truck * dollar general * public health ( current ) i feel like i have been successful at every job i have had , however , i have been most successful in my current job ... that doesn't surprise me . although i do have quite the past of abandonment , so it makes sense to me . i'm not going anywhere . i will be right here , waiting for you .