i was thinking last night got same idea esfp but reading description they remind me on my cousin actor and one of woman above , probably every one of them has it is own type and i tried to generalize ... i have meet , for couple of times in my life , women i dont like that anyone me . i remembered 6 or 8 of them in last 13 years , with who i tried to be friendly because i usually get a long easily with ... to go on swimming on near lake with friends ... no on all :-) except 12 maybe ... but is seams you classmates go on your nerves a bit :-) http://img528.imageshack.us/img528/3676/img1396copy.th.jpg only thing i really love to paint are animals and characters from books . were you involved in sports or the arts ? i was in art / design school so art was everyday norm . no one of my friends was engaged in sports , some more feminine girls went on aerobic or gym to get nice ... picture of emily blunt i'm predominantly heterosexual but have a proclivity to be attracted to select women , and admire beautiful women . my boyfriend doesn't know that , and i don't think he'd want ... eastern promise i got really high result you scored 76 % on hsp and i thought that i am calm :-( okcupid | free online dating dpenarog i wasn't writing clearly , i didn't mean debates , i am bad in debating because i tend to go emotional on some topic and you suppose to be calm and cool to win it :-) . it is more sharing you ... i was curios after talking to someone , how other chose friends ? what you value in friendship ? do become friends based on similar interests , time spend together or personalty / character close to ... i love the series one of rear that make me laugh and i always miss them till next season like there were real people . graphic i made with aphophisis and photo shop named albedo http://img98.imageshack.us/img98/7273/45651073055717976943267.jpg mircea eliade - the secret of dr . honigberger rené guénon - symbols of sacred science http://img717.imageshack.us/img717/7287/retuchcopycopy2.th.jpghttp://img31.imageshack.us/img31/8667/img3083copymalo.th.jpg bw photo playing with camera in bathroom and with frend on exhibition two ... another old sketch of my budgie ( now passed away :-( ) http://img98.imageshack.us/img98/8940/n69432679717905988548.jpg this is something i sketched long ago ( almost 8 years ago as i can remember ) when i first read rr martin books and i still liked even time has passed and i often dislike old drawings compared new ... no i haven't tried bamboo but i watched on you tube how it preforms and some people says that is not to sensitive i like the idea of seeing on old fashioned way what you are drawing in front of you ... http://img837.imageshack.us/img837/4783/n69432679714236425081.jpg real drawing photographed http://img84.imageshack.us/img84/7840/n6943267976561551932.jpg i was learning to use small genius tablet for drawing i am not addict to anything i never manage to use weed because i am allergic on smoke and it usually mixed with tobacco and burns lungs , but i intend to try weed cookies one day i want to have some ... http://youtu.be/IfLMTS_AdAw http://img703.imageshack.us/img703/2816/28375044737615528095015.jpg definitively meaningful gift , try with something that would remind her on time spend with you , or something that would show her that you were leastining to her wishes * s and desires , something she ... this is so nicely and romantically written , now my post sounds like i am cold person and i really tried to write onistly and from the heart , i agree with what you wrote just i would never remember to ... i make mistake once i dated handsome man just because i was proud to have model like guy and as time passed by i realized that look is interesting in beginning but after few years you stop noticing ... that is interesting here ticket or per seat is around 60 to 100 usd and dress between 70usd to 250usd depends on producer , acrylic nails around 30usd , hair from 10 to 30 usd , photos 20 usd at least ... if going to prom is not to expensive for you then you should go . i was wondering about same theme this days since prices for prom are here monopolized all kids wants to go to hyatt or ... i can not figure it out to , am i intj or infj but maybe tests are not perfect and persons can not fit exactly into some type maybe there is not enough types defined ... i look details because i draw and trough the years i noticed pattern in faces i like . but to fall in love with someone long term , then look is not on first place , it doesn't mean it is not important ... woman i like are mostly latinas , i like dark tan , dark long hair but i like pale woman with raven hair to . i dislike blondes and rear are blonde woman i find attractive since they are to weak and ... when come to males i love interesting or cold big eyes with sleepy eaves , prominent cheek bones and sharp nose , it would be ideal if nose wouldn't be pointy and have strait line like triangle ... as i read your posts it helped me remember better how i was as a child . i loved both barbies and have whole home for them , but i liked swords , he man masters of universe toys , ninja turtles , dreamed ... for my point of view it involves booth emotions ( which can be sadness and anger on that theme ) and thinking / searching for a solutions , to discuss on party , that why others thought you are to serious ... my husband is istj and he do exactly that , i dont read manual at all but if i am stuck with new device and cant figure it out after half an hour i would come back and look to instruction booklet ... john was dear character to me and now i sow we have similar type . but i admire to petyr baelish wich type is he ? someone wrote entj , type 7w6 so that means in order to be like he is i have to be ... some things are guessed and some seams totally wrong ... mostly job it is written that i am not for comic book artist , cartoonist and i am just that illustrator and designer ... but about medical ... i dont cry much about big things like death , illness , danger , medical procedures then i calm and rational ( mostly or i try to be when some really important situation is on ) . that doesn't mean i am ... 1 . big bang theory 2 . dexter 3 . prison break ( first season is best other are artificial expands ) 4 . lost 5 . heroes 6 . modern family 7 . lie to me 8 . sherlock 9 . fast forward ( discontinued ... when i watch a romantic movie i cry so i avoid them and go for sf or historical . i like gifts in sense when someone write you a song , i like flowers but in pot i dont like to be cut off and given to ... i am neutral skin tone but tend to look better in warm tones so i colored my hair coppery-medium-honey brown ( 5.06 and 5.34 ) ... with that light neutral tan , and brown eyes and reddish hair i am ... from tv i like to watch modern family and big bang theory , i always laough watching zohan and borat , two white chicks and little man movies . in life only friends who i know well make me laugh ... [ quote = action potential ; 2442862 ] my dad does this . it's as if he has some sort of advertisement-induced adhd . he might not even make it back to the channel of origin . i do that change or simply ... i dont like ironing but i to that mostly with clothes , i slack off from time to time with ironing bed sheets and towels , i look on house chores as exercise . and jeans like every other thing needs ... theodore bagwell - from prison break have had really huge crush on him in 2008 like it was real ... i understand how you feel of pain :-( it is really frustrating making everyday life complicated ... today i am pissed of and suppressed by some people who i thought they are smart voting for ... when someone is late . and when people stick to their opinion without research and flexibility , and when they pretend to much they are above others . in me i get nervous when i can not understand ... i am an intj and i love being hugged , but by friends mostly . but even i have periods when i am averse of it . here are big weddings a costume , my was small . but i was best maid ( dont have few ... [ quote = emerson ; 2432252 ] facebook : a collection of introverts competing over who is the most extroverted . real extroverts aren't on the internet they're outside actually doing things ... this is so ... but i am doing same when detouring to avoid people who sell / commercial stuff for charity / in my country there usually greeting cards , my husband tried to learn me to say loud no and get right without ...