i do , as i have things i'd like to get done ( like learning a new language ) , but studying is nearly impossible . a stupid thing like the dog walking into the room is enough to distract me . : woof : a friend with adhd told me a while ago that there's a high chance i have the same problem ( i can't get a formal diagnosis at the moment , as i live somewhere with paid healthcare & a language ... no , but i wouldn't have said it after a week ! normally , yes . but i accidentally said it whilst drunk . after about a week . to an intj . the silence that followed felt about ten years long . i was like ' oh shit , so that's the end of that then ' . i ... those guys need to stay off drugs , if you ask me ! you guys know there's a whole sub-forum for this ? :p layful : so fed up with trying to organise anything with my friends right now , i'm considering giving up people & becoming an introvert . it's like herding cats ! that too . usually tumblr ! also , this 1 billion times over ! i'd say it's easier to be entj , if only for the fact that your working life is probably a hell of a lot smoother . most of my past employers & colleagues back in the uk seem to see nt personality in ... sorry for the double post . stupid broadband issues . i always fall for intj men . usually because they're the only ones who can handle a pain-in-the-arse like me ! : love_heart : i'm married to one & looking back , although my marriage pre-dates the rise ... my intj usually likes to sit back & laugh at the results of my ' random button pushing ' . probably because he's already mapped out in his head exactly how people are going to react & is enjoying being ... well said ! although if i wanted to be incredibly cynical , i could say that marriage was probably more ' logical ' for him ( intj ) , since i'm from the more affluent background ... : rolling : i actually have the same thing . very annoying when you pick up on something straight away & then have to wait around for all your friends to catch up , especially if they happen to think the other ... definitely not . he got something like an 80 % n result . mainly stjs , especially estjs . one of my closest friends is estj . he can never accept when he is in the wrong & will storm off when out-voted or out-thought . he's very hot-headed & also usually the ... i think they'd survive a long time , but knowing my st friends , they would eventually do something rash ( like storm off after an argument with the group ) & get themselves turned into zombie food . i think in the event of the zombie apocalypse , it would be pretty much just the nts left standing . cool heads & a logical approach to the problem will prevail over emotional responses . personally , ... esfj - marge simpson isfj - ned stark , game of thrones estj - tony soprano istj - darth vader estp - ragnar , vikings istp - guy of gisbourne , robin hood ( bbc ) esfp - usagi , sailor moon isfp - loras ... in terms of physical bravery ? climbed up a cliff without a rope . in terms of the time i've felt most like a badass ? completely fucked up my evil estj boss's plan to fire me . we clashed pretty much ... because i work in order to live , rather than live to work . i work in a bar & absolutely love my job : it's a very relaxed atmosphere & a lot of the time , i'm literally being paid to stand around ... in no particular order ; being micro-managed . badly-behaved children in restaurants / bars / etc . poor grammar . slow walkers . queues & waiting of any description . passive-aggressive facebook ... i like both , however i usually end up hanging out more with guys . i'm a massive nerd with a love for sports & a passionate dislike of kids , so i usually tend to have more in common with males . ok , this is pretty accurate . our local facebook group can usually be relied upon to kick off at least twice a week . i very rarely chime in , but i do always make sure i subscribe to the comment ... there do seem to be rather a high proportion of us girls with intj partners . i wonder what it is about this particular combination ? i enjoy swearing in fucking general ! if someone gets offended , it usually just makes me do it more , until they fuck off . : victorious : i'm an entp in a long term marriage with an intj . we both agreed very early on that we do not want kids & this has not changed after 15 years . my other friends in cross-nt relationships are all also ... i do this too ! i find it very easy to read people & can spot a hater easily . other bad habits ? i'm habitually untidy & a world-class procrastinator . i also really need to learn to think before i ... interesting , as your results are pretty similar to mine ! i enjoy a good debate & have no qualms about fighting my corner , so i would agree about conflict to an extent , but i absolutely hate drama ... definitely can happen . i've tested solidly as entp ever since i first discovered mbti ( probably about ten years ago ) , but looking back i definitely started out as a j . quote from my reply on ... estjs for conflict ( starting arguments etc ) , esfjs for drama ( getting easily upset , gossiping etc ) . just in my personal experience . i love my esfj friend to death , but she cries about five times a ... i'm entp & have never been placed in anything other than slytherin ( hence my avatar ) . last time i took a quiz that gave a breakdown , i got sgrh . i'd give up the f . i have a reasonably well-developed s side , so i'd cope better that way . plus , almost all my closest friends are t users . i don't think i'd fit in very well with them if i lost my t . love the hitchhiker's quote there . erm ... i would , but it's totally nsfw ! around southeast asia for certain ! wtf does a man do in the bathroom for three hours ( without porn , obviously ) ? the last time my husband was in there for that long followed an ill-advised attempt to eat a chicken phall ! entp ( vegetarian ) . love cooking & been told i'm probably good enough to open my own restaurant . lack the drive to do anything about it & only really bother to fully exercise my talents when i have ... infj has to be the hardest type for me . as an entp , i tend to find them too needy & they tend to be way too easily offended . i always try to get along with everyone , but i'm not willing to sensor ... so essentially , angry sex ? sure , who hasn't ! i've recently taken to writing fanfic , but i'm too lazy to update more than once every few weeks . : hampster : you're only on here because you're procrastinating . yeah , that sounds about right . i think it might just be an opposites thing though . personally , i find isfj people just rub me the wrong way ... it's weird , because we have an esfj friend who , whilst being extremely loveable , is easily the least intelligent of the group & he gets on fantastically with her . of course , part of the appeal is ... she's one of those very full-on , super-happy people who is constantly upbeat & tries to pull everyone else up with her . i find it energising , but i can see how it might bother a more reserved person ... absolutely hate being hugged , unless i know the person extremely well ! my husband is intj & recently confessed to me that he cannot stand an esfp friend of ours . he says he thinks she's a lovely girl & she has done absolutely nothing to offend him , but he can't stand ... i meant to say this yesterday , but i had to go to the pub & see people . i'm an entp married to an intj . i wouldn't put bank robbery past us ! : th_wink :