' what strikes me as most unnerving with that statement is that it seems to imply that being a healthy weight means that you have to sacrifice delicious foods and ultimately engage in a discipline of ... i was a transfer student in college so i know all about this one . i joined a bunch of clubs on campus and participated in their activities . it takes patience and diligence to keep at it sometimes , ... if this was a coffee shop and people weren't yelling above normal conversation level , then she is just being ridiculous . as an introvert who loves calm and quiet , we can't expect the entire world to ... i will echo others here recommending certification courses . i am 27 and starting my first cert course next month ! all with the hopes of boosting my resume and moving on from my current job once i ... aw , this makes me sad . i agree with you that the way colleges are functioning now isn't ideal and that the job market is bollocks ... but with hindsight in all the classes i took during college ... depends . i have received several promotions over the years and now am in a more senior position with people relying on my experience to make impacting decisions . that is way more stressful than ... why exactly do you want to know what people think of you ? in regards to what ? if you are a good person ? if they are open to being your friend ? i enjoy dark , sarcastic and deadpan humor . as long as it isn't too heavy or forced . sleep is okay . i try to get 7-8 hours each night . though i have a hard time sleeping in past 9 am . i just always wake up , no matter what time i fell asleep . guess i am somewhat of a morning person . ... in my personal opinion , alone , or with an intj . i don't think i could have an extroverted roommate in the present day , though i think i could have handled it in college and possibly even enjoyed ... while still a senior in college , i found a local start-up hiring interns with my major through my college's newspaper of all places ( 2012 ) . responded to the ad and discovered the start-up was very ... do you smoke ? weed , often daily . what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? uh ... i am drinking a cocktail now ! heh . but i am not a heavy drinker . physically cannot . i prefer ciders , sours , ... hitler aside , it's easy to imagine an infj as the leader of a bloody revolution . an infj who believes firmly in a cause can be relentless . i wouldn't be surprised if many wars and conflicts had an ... similar , but more controlled , wiser and can actually now enjoy hard work ( delayed gratification ) . also , traits that were deemed undesirable in a child have come to my advantage as an adult ... maybe graduating from a prestigious university can help you gain some good career opportunities through the resources they offer on campus ( internships ) ... but as someone who has been in the work ... haha , i came in to say a similar answer ! i would like to be a mailwoman . drive my own truck , walk outside ... seems much less stressful than my current corporate job . plus , i think i would like the ... almost all my friends are my own age . the greatest difference in age is typically under four years . i met most of them through meet ups in my area actually ... absolutely not . if this is a change that is coming from within yourself , then you are growing , not becoming a totally different person . now if an outside person is forcing the change upon you , then ... to be honest , i hate this idea of beta and alpha men . i don't view men with that view point personally , and i don't believe the labels apply to humanity . so it is difficult for me to relate to any of ... mcdonald's during the summer of my freshman year of college . i don't mind them , at all . i would rather have a hard deadline so i can effectively plan my time than something wishy washy . then again , i despise procrastination ( can happen though ) and i am ... 7-8 ... with the average probably being 7.5 . trying to ensure closer to a solid 8 though ! it's hard having the right sleep hygiene though . especially if i get sucked into netflix or my smart phone too ... i don't think you are supposed to do anything . life is what you make of it , really . live for yourself while being mindful of family , friends and the rest of the world around you . honestly , i ... good job : excellent pay ( lol ); office work ; government job ; working from home ... can make anything interesting if i can do it from home really bad job : non-office work ; long commute ; inflexible ... yeah , sounds like the two of you just aren't compatible roommates . i could think of a few people who probably wouldn't mind any of the things he is doing and happily coexist with him , but i am in the ... + fitness and healthy eating ; weight lifting + hiking ; camping ; backpacking + nightlife ; fashion ; makeup + maintaining my home ( shopping for it too : tongue :) ; practicing home cook ; attempting to ... i would simply just say that you would love to hang out with him ( as you said you would be ) , but you just wanted to check that this wasn't a date since that's not what you have in mind . it may ... once it reaches a certain point , no , especially if it's about forgiving myself . hard cider pizza / bread binge watching tv shows . weed . a shit ton of weed . waking up and lazing around in bed reading reddit and browsing instagram ... : angry : allowing others to get close to me . to love someone with 100 % of my heart without holding back ... i never thought about it , but yes , i do too ! one of the things i am working on currently is allowing myself to let my guard down around others . i am usually very restrained and cautious . i can read ... oh , yes , absolutely . i recently went through a quarter life crisis of sorts ... some common themes were this : what am i doing with my life now that i am succeeding at my career and done with ... i realize i only dislike people after i feel i have been hurt by someone or embarrassed myself in front of someone and want to just retreat to be alone because ultimately , when alone , i am truly ... oh my , where to start ? the two close calls i had when first starting out driving at 16 . almost caused accidents , but learned my lesson . ugh ! hate those memories . :P the time i was a maid of ... nah ... to be relevant to most of the world sounds like a ton of pressure and responsibility tbh . it's actually a relief to be relatively anonymous in this world . i can just focus on the few personal ... i have a temper ... when in a group or in public i just fall quiet and wear an angry stare . i won't communicate , and if prodded , i will provide curt responses . if alone or with a boyfriend i trust ... well my first true crush was a bit embarrassing because i was older , 15 and fast going on 16 . he was cambodian and in my eyes , gorgeous with his thick black hair , sturdy physique and tan skin tone ... yes , but i don't always discuss it . also , on the flip side , i can be incredibly harsh if someone crosses me . usually by disappointing me ... a nasty habit . i am an infj myself ... it's possible emotional intimacy scares him a bit and he doesn't quite trust you 100 % yet despite his probable attraction to you . if you really like him , why beat around the ... i met my current bf through a mutual friend at a nightclub . lol . granted , i don't go to those as much anymore . however , if i was single , i think i would probably try making male friends on ... yeah , i can see some of these faults in me . the perfect party that i planned marred by unexpectedly bad weather ... that probably would throw me into a tailspin . lol ! i would be so pissed off ! heh ... absolutely . i struggle to confide in anyone , i instead just tend to fall in on myself silently . only my boyfriend really knows what goes on in my head when i am sad . it's crazy . : laughing : i am an extremely emotional person , to the point of near insanity sometimes ... however , i am also very guarded . i have no problem with speaking up to get my way ( politely ; however , i am not a push ... i don't think that it can't be done ... but my first thought is that you will probably have to work several side jobs to support yourself as you start out or hopefully you are independently wealthy . ... i don't think any of us have an overall life purpose other than what we want it to be , but in my group of friends , i naturally have become the planner and organizer . i get things done for us so we ... i have a pretty strong temper at times ... especially with people close to me . i can start raising my voice and just begin a rant . though i never get physical these days . when young i would lightly ... you are more arrogant than you think . give people a break , they are only human . stop wasting time in dead end , romantic relationships . stop drinking so goddamn much . minor / major in ... i personally don't procrastinate that much . mainly because my mental health suffers when i know i have important tasks hanging over my head . though i can procrastinate on small things in my personal ... my parents grew up in a very isolated town during the 1970s called twentynine palms out in southern california . it has grown a bit more recently but during the 1970s it was tiny . had a population of ... avatar is my bunny , blackberry . she is adorable , and my avatar is one of my fav photos of her . as for my username ... i minored in spanish in college ( love the language ) and i am mexican american ... '