' thanks for this thread , has expressed the views that would most closely align with mine so far . i used to feel horrible about the problems of the world , and became depressed . but ... i can only speak from my own personal experience . i feel like i am looking into a mirror when i read the infj forum . and i see other infjs battling the same things i do . i have no experience with ... understanding the world more each day . wow ... thanks . that is awesome . thank you . i have only read your first post , and will slowly go through the thread at some point . but this first post has left me a lot to think about . ... , hi there . i had a couple of thoughts i thought i would share . one of them is about how our human brains work . one of the most fascinating things i have learned about our brains in ... , the things you talk about sound a bit like social anxiety . i have experienced this in the past , and would still say i am more anxious and socially anxious than the average person by a ... not in the slightest , they are a friendly greeting of hello that technically shows concern or care for the other person . granted , most people expect this to be met with the usual i'm fine ... i was sort of at a loss as to why you might be feeling this way , but that is the line that stuck with me . good lord , no child should be treated like this . abuse is one of the most horrible things in ... i think we all have a certain amount of willpower in each given day . i try to eat the right things , and want a healthy lifestyle rather than a diet . i cannot deal with chocolate or ice cream in the ... jawz , not much rage left here . i feel deeply for those who suffer in societies where they can be arbitrarily killed for no reason . i have raged in the past . i have hurt others and felt ... goodolddreamer , better alone than in a miserable relationship . but man , in the good marriage i have , i am so much better than i was alone . people say and think a lot of things . i'm just ... infinitia , my personal opinion is that the mbti is useful in so much that it puts people into categories and might tell you something interesting about yourself that you didn't already know . but ... , hi wyo.while i have not exactly walked your path , many of the things you said sound very familiar . you've got 8 years on me :) i think i eventually drove myself crazy and wound myself ... i take great joy in attempting to distill an experience or feeling into the simplest , most pure form . but again , this involves continual pondering , and a slow , enjoyable rumination . and i'm never ... this reminds me of my very brief time in military basic training . the principle of sensory overload is that if the logical part of the brain is distracted with with an abundance of sensory ... skye 21 , one thing i can tell you is that i have felt guilt at the termination of some relationships , even if the person was abusive and harmful to me . the guilt is gone now , as i was finally able ... matchablizzard , i actually decided to write a separate post regarding your entj friend that frustrates you , as i do not wish to mix my positive post with a negative one . i talked about b because i ... i think we are in agreement . i had never intended to argue against anything you had said . you just brought up a really fascinating initial topic . i use the infj forums as sort of ... welcome wyo 1234 . please stick around :) it is nice here . i am fairly new still as well . i've learned a lot about myself in the past couple months from the forums . the infj forum feels like a safe ... it was this endless feeling that there was no point to life . i was lonely , sad , miserable , and couldn't see myself ever being happy . i really didn't see the point in doing anything . i wasted away ... the competitive nature of western society almost seems to guarantee left-brained dominance . to some degree , i have to compete and struggle against others so that i am chosen , and can provide for my ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UyyjU8fzEYU truly fascinating . left vs right hemisphere processing . b is amazingly fascinating . people mirror the behaviour of those they like , and do the opposite of people they dislike . the study of the unconcious is amazing . i find myself eventually adopting ... pmj 85 , i think you just nailed why you feel like you've been acting out of character . some of the more fascinating studies we looked at in psychology examined this topic , and the strongest ... , perhaps forget about these tests . you sound like one of the many typical people who test near the border of some axes , and therefore receives different descriptions on retesting . the ... ukinfj , you seem to have put your finger on the difference between science and pseudoscience . theories that claim to explain everything , such as freudian psychoanalysis are useless , because they ... my dad actually told me something that really helped me . there comes a certain point in life where you have to realise that your ok . if other people don't think your ok , chances are it is them ... i would associate innocence with the purity of childhood . the wisdom of a child on issues that adults cannot solve , such as generational warfare or racial hatred can be enlightening . in adulthood i ... i think the best parties i've been to involve friends who are often drunk or high , and talking about real and fascinating things . bonfires are a plus as well . alcohol does not affect people the ... beautiful painting ! ! wow . to me the painting feels very spiritual . like staring into the meaning of life and the universe . the circles at the top to me look like a galaxy . the pictures on the ... i myself had an emotional breakdown and spent years in psychotherapy . i stripped all the rubbish we are fed about men who have emotions being soft from my psyche . i live in society , but i honestly ... this is something that has been lost in western culture . western culture worships youth and beauty , and hides all the old people from sight . elders are often viewed as a burden . in eastern culture , ... xkcd : ages the studies we looked at in psychology tended to show a u curve , with people happiest early in life and late . university , career , relationships , children ; there is not enough time left ... i've noticed a big difference between the police systems having lived in both the states and australia . there are good police in both countries , but i like things in australia . in australia , we ... i feel like the infj forum is filled with a bunch of people like me , who need a break from real life . my first week here it was so amazing to see so many people reflecting my thought patterns in ... i am married now . for me , it is awesome because i usually have family around . but somehow being with my family feels more like being alone , than being around other people . not in a bad way , but ... i am doing postgrad study in psychology now . ultimately i will be a psychologist , and know i will love it , as i do volunteer work now with people who are suffering . it fits me so well . i tried half a ... this is the thought i was having . for the most part i feel free . i may appear different depending on who i am around , but i don't actually feel any different . it is just that there are many different ... good afternoon and good night . i have battled with materialism . my feeling is that enjoying things , so long as they do not become who you are is fine . it is normal to like things that give you enjoyment . the problem comes when ... anahata , thank you . i have read your post a few times now . yes , i have been immensely stressed . i do not deal well with escalating passive aggressive attacks . i'd prefer that everyone liked me ... i see wisdom in measured_eye ' s quote . i think far too often those who are intent on changing the world for their version of better , fail to properly examine the negative consequences of their ... , thanks for the fun ;) i have fallen in love with amazon , kindle , and audible myself , so can skip the bookstore , and am hoping to avoid the fate of my parents . it feels like they ... misspost . wrong thread . i lose @ the internet . i love astronomy , biology , psychology , and computers . however too much scientific thinking wears me out . i am attracted to the practical side of psychology , and my degree is valuable , in so much as ... machiavelli , please , by all means share more . i am unfortunately stuck working with a woman for the next 6 months who ticks most of the boxes on the pcl-r psychopathy checklist . the most ... + 1 for ' s advice , i had to destroy my relationships with my parents to rebuild them into what i needed . i have the best parents in the world , but it is hard for anyone to make this ... i have had this happen only a few times . i dislike it , and feel uncomfortable with this level of scrutiny . i know i am flawed and imperfect . i think the last time this happened , i brought to the ... synetic , people seem to innately know who they can trust . it is a privilege . i am not perfect , but for all the deep down stuff i know really matters , and makes people insecure ; i am a vault ... the power , freedom , and emotional control you gain when you master your addictions is amazing . i have wasted away much of my life on addictions . for years it was a struggle to keep myself away , and ... '