' i love coffee . i'm heavily addicted to caffeine now , but as long as i don't drink more than a large cup a day and don't make it too strong ( i love a strong dark roast with low acidity ) it doesn't ... hmm , i think it's on the edge of being anime and just being an anime inspired cartoon . i didn't actually like legend of korra a whole lot . i liked the first book , but the ending seemed like it would ... i don't really find gifts that romantic . if it's well thought , then i don't mind it , but it's not what i like the most . my idea of something romantic tends to be along the lines of kayaking on a ... coffee was an acquired taste for me , but the issue was more that i didn't like how my parents prepared it at the time ( i was about 12 ) . once i tried a darker roast with french vanilla creamer , mmm ... accidental double post . i think it has more to do with both of you as individuals and less to do with mbti . i'm with an infj and neither of us see the need for frequent validation . we both make effort towards the ... there's nothing wrong with people preferring new experiences , but there's also nothing wrong with people preferring what's comfortable to them . lol , kraka assed vanilla beans ? : laughing : oh , the film was great . the break was unrelated . i was taking a bus home and stepped off of the bus onto a curb ( it was dark too ) the wrong way and i rebroke it . i just rebroke my foot after seeing deadpool . what the hell . at least for me , as a female intp , fearing relationships is definitely connected with independence . i'm not used to being able to depend on someone every once in a while , to trust them . i've almost ... i tend to do this internally . i don't think i've ever gone as far as having conversations with myself out loud , but i like to imagine scenarios and conversations and watch them play out . it's often ... i'm not sure i see how relevant this is . i guess i tend to assume that if someone is creating a thread for it then they want to create an opportunity for discussion , rather than snooping on ... i'm not confused by infjs , because i don't find myself encountering infjs that are literally walking stereotypes for the personality type . i haven't known an infj that completely disregards logic or ... well , i'm from alaska ( usa ) and i'm in canada right now . the only country i could really ever slightly consider moving to besides that might be norway , but i'm pretty happy here . i would love to ... u200balaska , hah ! i cleared out 30gb of extra room on my computer's ssd and organized my desktop files and shortcuts . i moved everything on my ssd that i didn't need onto my hdd . * looks around at my still messy ... it's been a while , so here's another picture . just got my shy dango plushie in the mail . http://i.imgur.com/vFaymzY.png it's time for the most important question . is it duck [ mating ] season or rabbit [ mating ] season ? http://i.imgur.com/mBcc6y4.gif?1 i decided to try and eat two bags of my favorite chips . that may or may not have been a mistake . i never said i thought you were an infp . i was just going off of what other people were saying in this thread and my point was that wherever you go with what type you are , don't try to define ... no . if all you did was like someone's picture i don't see how that's so scandalous . if someone goes that crazy over something so simple , it's their problem ... not yours . if someone seriously teases ... i likely have some sort of dissociative anxiety disorder . i've never been diagnosed , but i do know i have issues with anxiety . it feels like i have quite literally lived my whole life and could die ... i think the issue here lies with all those social implications that have gotten wrapped up in liking someone's facebook picture ... dear god . jeans ... that pretty much sums it up . people who try too hard to be what they idolize the most . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1cR4ADXBkII the bug in my box of macaroni doesn't even bother me anymore . if you want to go there , some emoticons are smiley faces and some smiley faces are emoticons . either way , i'm sure most people who frequent forums are aware of what emoticons are . whether you are ... i don't hold much stock in mbti or astrology , in that order . it's a useful tool for self-discovery and understanding that there are people who think and view the world differently than you . i'm one ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNdu-Wb_0Nw there's just something about the haunting quality of this song that i love . i was thinking something a little more along the lines of sawyer , since the op mentioned she likes barney from how i met your mother . for the long-run i still prefer ben , but sawyer tends to be a ... lately , texas has been colder than where i live in alaska , so i wouldn't want to live there ... anyways , the temperate rainforest areas of the pacific northwest have always been my ideal location ... i'm a perfectionist in some aspects of my life , but not all . i do acknowledge that perfection is unattainable . when it comes to music or writing , i'm a perfectionist . i play the clarinet and ... you're definitely forgetting rumination / intrusive thoughts , which in a way , is the basis of ocd . ocd doesn't have to have obvious physical manifestations such as washing or hoarding . a person can ... i'm not religious , but i'm not a nihilist either . i'm more along the lines of an existentialist , but i don't write off nihilism , because both thoughts agree that nothing has inherent meaning . i don't ... 1 . your mother tongue : english . 1.1 languages you can understand , and that will understand you , because of your mother tongue ; but you can't write / speak in that language : ... 2 . languages you ... http://imagizer.imageshack.us/v2/xq90/843/7kg1i.jpg a walk in the woods after an exhausting week ... actually , something i will say about the topic of whether or not we should stop procreating is that we still need some population to sustain society . if the tfr ( total fertility rate ) drops too low , ... the op could have meant libertarian also … i work at a grocery store ( not my career of choice , first jobs are hard to come by ) . i don't think intps significantly take up any one kind of job , unless they have a specific career . i hate being forced into group assignments where i end up doing all the work for them so i won't be bored while i wait for them to do their work > < . i think students should be able to be allowed to ... in an ideal world , i would agree , but sadly the world does not follow the same ideals and corruption will always be an issue . true neutrality does not exist . yeah , to be redundant you seem like more of an istp to me . edit : i don't really see ne from your posts . you should look up the descriptions of the * cognitive functions * for istp and intp , see how ... is an ideal life even that desirable or worth it ? i'm demi-heterosexual . i can only be physically attracted to someone of the opposite gender who i have a strong mental connection / bond with . in some ways i don't like perfection , but at the same time i'm a perfectionist . i won 1st place in a regional high school world language declamation contest for level 4 french poetry and then won 2nd ... how are entps different from intps in terms of extraversion vs intraversion ? how do the differences between ne ti and ti ne and then fe si and si fe ( last two functions ) manifest themselves ? sorry ... pfft , saying x % of the time this happens is crap statistics ( although it is a part of statistics , it isn't near all of it ) xd . real statistics incorporates algebra , trig , calculus , and geometry , ... neither , i love statistics . '