' i wish i had the sheer level of kindness that an enfp or could offer , or empathy and understanding that an infj could offer ... in the end i'd rather just be myself though . this is pure speculation on my part . dad : istj or istp mom : isfj theluckyone long hair is fun , you can do all sorts of stuff with it ! dye it , get highlights , straighten it , curl it , put it in a ponytail or don't ... i love it . :D your score : 39 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... i thank you for the miracles that i see every day . i can see the influence of your meatball brains of wisdom in everything . i thank you for touching my very soul with your noodley appendages time and ... the fe-ish traditional version of christianity does not agree with my fi morals at all and i find little to no logical evidence of christianity , heaven , hell , god , or other related concepts . i ... hmm ... i can't speak from experience , but i have thought about what a relationship with another isfp would look like . i can't tell whether the sameness would be a good or bad thing ... supplementary ... ^ me three . my oldest , black-and-white only printer . i'm a bit concerned about the age difference . i feel like a 5 year old kid compared to it ! ^ that one is true for me . for example , less than a week ago i uncharacteristically started talking to students i didn't know too well on a class field trip . ( we were in a group of about 5 or ... i <3 my infps . i get along with them very well . i wanna give one of them a lot of hugs though because he seems pretty depressed . he reminds me of myself when i'm depressed . as for idealism , i am ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GPApntp7xk ^ that's just outright typism . ignore that , there are many infps that won't judge you because you're a sensor . infp is probably the least likely of the ins to be typist in my experience . i don't think isfps as a whole are inclined to be leaders in the traditional sense , but i say go ahead and try it ! you may discover a hidden well of confidence and assertiveness that you weren't able ... i <3 my infj friends . they're the best . really ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hXnHCc5kJlw&feature=related one of my favorite songs ~ this post was not made by jace . but seriously have fun ! we have a lot of daydreamers here like you ! if i saw that magical bear i would wish for my friend to not be able to sense more things ... he's allergic to all but a select few foods , all sorts of stuff in the air , and many animals including ... ^ so true . i have a shy female istp friend that i relate to a lot ! i write poems , song lyrics , and the occasional short story . other than that , i don't do anything besides english projects and writing for the school paper . i just can't create long and / or ... nothing would change because we're all invisible . jk , jk . in reality i think we would lose a lot of great artists , musicians , etc . the world would be a much more boring place . i suppose i'm more feminine than your average guy . and yes , i'm gay . i've even questioned my gender identity on several occasions . i generally tend to lean towards feminine , and i will act more ... waiting for a delayed episode 3 ... what other fandom does this remind you of ? beautiful . love that game even though it depresses the shit out of me . i'm jace . dunno how to introduce myself other than shy , nice , and kind of a geek . which celebrity do you get mistaken for ? - when i was younger and had shorter hair , people thought i looked ... yes , i think your mbti type matters on here of all places . :P welcome ! hope you have a good time here ! :) a lot of us here aren't 100 % sure . i sometimes get infp results myself . just continue analyzing yourself and you might figure it out in time ! my favorite emotion ... hmm , probably that feeling i get when i feel accepted and loved for all of my strengths and flaws . my favorite negative emotion would probably be melancholy . i don't like it ... 1 . artistic - i wish . 2 . rebellious - when threatened / restricted 3 . animal lovers - yeah . i trust my pets more than i do a lot of people in my life . 4 . caring of others - yes , especially my ... 16 different types of hipsters ? ! scary , but i think some hipster types would be better than others . welcome to the forums ! hey ! i'm a new isfp too , nice to have you ! come hang out at the isfp forums ! 1 . with my friends 2 . on my computer 3 . at my desk edit : 4 . happiness i don't think i have a best friend ... i consider a few different people my best friends ! best friends : - isfj , intj , infj close friends : - istp - mature esfp ? ( i don't know this one's type ) ... oversensitivity is a problem a lot of people of all kinds of types face . i forgot to mention , other types should chime in with their advice too ! :) if you're a sensitive person like me , you may find yourself hurt by what you perceive as conflict , insults , or mean-spirited jokes . since us isfps are prone to becoming hurt by innocent comments , i ... you know you're an isfp when you're afraid to post in the forums that are home to the more ... abrasive types . oh shoot . * bah dum tish * uh ... hi ! * runs behind a tree and hugs it for safety * 24755 bluuuh i cry at creepypastas ( the ones that are actually good ) because they're usually depressing as well as creepy . the combination of sadness and being creeped out ... yeah , i know i'm weird . caramel_choctop : it wasn't nearly as awkward as i thought it was going to be and i had a lot of fun ! shykind : it's to discovery green ( a park ) in downtown houston . they have lots of events and ... hope you can get the grocery issues sorted out , dale ! i love my new school . it's an alternative school . i'm actually going on a field trip tomorrow , that would never happen in public school ! i feel like this alot in regard to my infj enemy and even my infj friend . ( i love my friend , he just frustrates me a little sometimes ) every now and then i find myself opening up to people i barely know ... never to strangers , though . i don't mean to do it , i swear ! i'm trying my best to be more empathetic and become a better ... ^ this . - i'm too passive - i'm too passive-aggressive - i don't assert myself i'm a gay male isfp who has questioned his gender identity at times and sometimes tests as an infp . does that count ? :P hi ms . rosethorn ! i'm sure you'll like it here ! :D the above poster just took the words out of my mouth and made them better . just follow your heart . who knows , you could discover some awesome advantages to having an infp-infj relationship ! :) ^ hah , nice ! i'm not an expert on freestyle rap but that flowed pretty well ! yes , i'm pretty sure it is typical for us isfps to wait a while before opening up to people , myself included . sometimes we never open up at all ! if she does open up to you at any point that's a great ... '