' yes i love music festivals :) but i've mainly been to outdoor / camping festivals where i have the space to escape if i want to . as for the expense , i frequently volunteer and go to smaller festivals ... mmyeah not sure that i relate to this at all . i've never had trouble holding someone's interest . in fact i've usually been the one that gets bored and dumps the other . i will say that in the past i ... have you seen this thread : calling all non-depressed infps many have shared how they overcame their depression , i found it pretty good . i'm still overcoming mine but i posted most of the things ... well i'm not quite there yet , but i made the decision to get healthier and i've been focused on improving for about a year and a half . without anti-depressants . it's been a bumpy road , but i have ... not jealous at all in relationships , friendships or otherwise . if someone's going to cheat on me or something it's more of a reflection on them than it is on me . i get disappointed at the one doing ... i'm 23 . umm ... yeahh ... http://i.imgur.com/DLcMBQI.jpg this . now i have a strong aversion to being controlled by someone else and i feel trapped very easily and frequently . other people can't seem to understand that i don't owe them anything , so they ... i can only assume my ex was estj , he just didn't get me . and i don't think he really wanted to or thought it was a problem that he didn't . i found him to be shallow , unimaginative and lacked ... yes but it fluctuates depending on my mood . when i'm having an ' up ' i attract people like flies and often get comments that i'm glowing or that my eyes are fiery ( close enough to sparkly , right ? ) ... i'm all about dreamy music at the moment :) yes , grave of the fireflies is pretty freaking sad . so is 5 centimeters per second ( another beautiful anime film ) but the saddest movie i've ever seen is lars von trier's dancer in the dark ... 19/20 that third guy has a lot of people fooled it seems if you're not ready to make it official , don't . it hasn't been that long yet . i agree that you have to know someone a bit better before you start sticking any labels on what you are . for me , it's ... yeah ... i cut most of those people out now . mainly because they weren't ever real friends to me , but also because i realised i was getting so involved in other people's issues for the wrong reasons . ... i feel like i've been where you are . several times . just when i think i've hit rock bottom i manage to reach a new low . i've had to rebuild myself from nothing and it takes time . but it's worth it ... i've mistyped as enfp before . must've been in a particularly good place that day . or had a lot of caffein . i don't know anything about fashion . i just usually wear whatever's comfortable and makes me happy . like i dunno , this kind of stuff : http://i.imgur.com/OwztPrb.jpg ... intense ! what i'm about to write is purely my own thoughts on this . i've never been married and i'm a commitment-phobe so what i would do in this situation might be completely different to what ... personality types aside , if you don't feel ' right ' about this guy just tell him you're not interested and cut him out . you don't owe him anything just because he's showing interest in you ( for ... my eyes change colour a lot depending on light and mood . one of each eye , taken at different times : last week http://i.imgur.com/SealrcZ.jpg tonight http://i.imgur.com/plK7GSd.jpg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XGK84Poeynk i think this might be relevant here ;) reading about clingy people makes my blood boil haha . i know what i would do: probably the wrong thing . i'd just explode . some people no matter how nicely you tell them , just don't understand the ... why are you writing yourself off already ? you're still young , anything could happen . in saying that , i've accepted being forever alone at certain points of my life too . and i've been totally fine ... i loved this talk so i bought her book and read it . the book isn't quite as good as her talk . i just felt that she'd gone a bit mad / bitter and twisted after living in extroverted america and she made ... :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zkMNa0Xi5I my favourite is mushishi . the main character , ginko , travels around on his own and stops at random villages to help people with their problems related to mushi ( neither plants or animals , the ... crying right now after reading this because this is exactly what i've needed from the people in my life and what i've been trying to explain to them all along . but for whatever reason ( because it's ... what the fuck is wrong with you ? you're going to be okay . clearly you're a very intelligent young man , have faith in your ability to work through this . don't expect people to understand you or accept you for who you are . my family ... i understand this because i have felt it myself in my previous mundane job and at other moments . the first time this happened to me , it didn't happen in solitude or with meditation , it just happened ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VZ2HcRl4wSk enlightenment is not a constant or a solution to suffering . it comes and goes just the same as any other feeling . i think this quote is relevant : milarepa had searched everywhere for ... i honestly don't think my expectations are too high . i just want someone who i find physically attractive , who has half a brain , is able to stand on his own two feet and can hold a conversation with ... 81040 i have creepy hands and long nails ( out of laziness ) . all the better to give you a delicious back scratch . about to go to bed . i never wear nail polish but i had to for work . goodnight ! hey i know what you mean about guys that take responsibility for themselves are few and far between . i've settled for less in the past in order to give them a chance and a gentle nudge in the right ... well maybe it takes that long for someone to figure out who they are and where they're going . i don't know about you but confidence is hot . and no-one likes to feel uncertain that particular ... yeah no problem , i had thought of a bazillion theories why it could be so , but i wanted to hear his answer in particular . i didn't want to make assumptions about how he came to know that ( i have a ... :) yeah i kind of wish i didn't get away with so much , i'm sure i would benefit from someone being a bit more honest / blunt . with the stereotypes i was only speaking out of experience , i haven't ... just out of curiosity , not meaning to sound rude so please don't take this as an attack ! but how do you know how to treat a lady if you've never had a girlfriend ? hahaha , yeah i've had that response a few times . you wouldn't want to marry me though . i'm pretty uhh , intense . hahahaha , oh dear . i literally laughed at that , what is wrong with me . gg man , gg . elijah who ? :D who's there ! might have something to do with those two lumps on my chest . i look down and i'm like , oh yeah .. haha , a deeper answer might be something like i can get away with a lot more than a guy could . ... i'm very good at talking to strangers . it's what i do for a living being in pr and promotions . i don't really know why i'm good at it , i just seem to be . also am one to prefer small groups , and ... rejection isn't so bad . i've had sorry , i've already got a girlfriend and i'm not ready for anything with anyone right now a couple of times and i'm like nooo - okay bye :) i think it's ... vibes pretty much dictate my life . i'm extremely indecisive so when something feels ' right ' i know i have to pursue it . even if it just turns out to be a negative experience with a lesson tied to it ... yes i've asked guys out . but i already knew they were / would be interested in me . didn't last long , but none of my relationships do . i haven't met the one i'm looking for yet . new laptop / phone smell prunus blossom permanent marker warm milk and honey oranges that smell puppies have liquorice cucumber wood fires fog '