' it's been awhile ! i've been thinking about how i'm far from a hopeless romantic and i was wondering if i was the only one ? i feel like i used to be a hopeless romantic in my early teens when i ... thank you , really . sometimes i just lose sight of when to draw the line because i care so much about others . however , i need to care more about myself . thank you . i needed to hear what you said . thank you . it feels nice to be understood . thank you . i needed this . thank you so much for your thorough response . i appreciate it deeply . it's been awhile since i logged onto here , but here's what i wanted to ask : is it okay that i am picking out who i want to keep in my life and begin segregation ? i'm just tired of so many people ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 75 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 75 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... thank you , haha . i appreciate your input . that's fine . you have your preference in perceiving someone as your loved one . you're assuming that i'm implying my father's lecture as boring and driveling . of course , i can't take it personal since ... my father is an istj ( or so he's tested as istj ) and i was wondering if it's common among istjs to continuously lecture and ramble ? my father doesn't necessarily lecture me because i've learned to ... mine is probably going to be the most boring story lol once upon a time , there was a gal , she was an infj , therefore shesinfj . the end thank you . i appreciate that you took the time to let me know that . i hope my words have helped you , lovely . have a wonderful day wherever you are , and goodnight if it's already bedtime over ... that's not true . you are not shitty . if anything , you are just as lovely , if not more . i know i don't know you personally , but i want to believe that you are kind - - i believe that everyone is ... i'm sorry to hear that you had a bad day . allow me to offer this : i'm always only a pm away if you need a friend ! that said , i'm glad that this thread made you feel better . i can relate to you on ... i'm really happy to hear that my words were able to make your day a little better ! i hope the future days to come are wonderful for you . x i'm sorry you went through such a difficult time . i can only imagine how overwhelmed you must have felt , but i'm glad you've only gotten stronger from it . i don't think crying is a sign of ... it's okay , but it doesn't matter what personality type you are . your personality type does not excuse the way you write and does not dismiss the fact that you can learn to word things differently ... true , you could say feeling vulnerable and being vulnerable are different things . however , they are not completely different . why ? because they are directly related to each other . when you feel ... but of course , and there's no need to thank me . i wholeheartedly agree with you . i hope that your world is twirled in the sunshine's rays today . x i'm glad my words have helped you . thank you for visiting this thread . x you have your own perspective and so do others . you have your own definition of being vulnerable and so do others . i am not confusing one for the other . no where did i state that i was going to ... you have all of my support , and the support of so many others . x i am open to people thanking me . i simply feel as though they don't need to thank me . like what you've stated , i don't feel as though i've done anything worthy to be thanked - - i don't think people ... i'm glad you agree with me and i appreciate the further points you've made in your commentary ! i feel like i don't have to add onto what you've stated . what you wrote was absolutely lovely . x you have no need to thank me . rather i appreciate the fact that my words have helped you in some sort of way . thank you for taking the time visit this thread and write your post . x i could just set the prison on fire with an escape plan and let everyone die . 0-100 real quick . sarcasm intended . or am i . beautifully written . i agree with you , and i only hope for others to stop viewing vulnerability as a weakness . i feel like being vulnerable allows you to grow in so many ways - - i like to think that ... ah , thank you so much . it means a lot to me that you can say that ! you have no need to thank me . thank you for taking the time to visit this thread and letting me know what you've thought . i hope ... there's no need to thank me . i thought i'd just make a thread saying this : perhaps you're having a bad day , or maybe you're hurting , or life has been tough lately , but that's okay . it's okay because what matters is that ... no preference . i don't like basing off friendships ( this includes relationships ) off the mbti . you never know who you can vibe with . for instance , one may argue that an intp isn't empathetic , but ... don't apologize if your english isn't so great ! you have so much room to improve and i like to think that even people who are fluent in english still have moments where they go through grammatical ... we already have so much in common ! i , too , love reading and anything creative and photography and writing ! photography is actually one of my hobbies . welcome and i hope you enjoy your stay . x my experiences so far lol ~ ( face-to-face experience if we're friends ): her : can i ask you something ? maybe you can relate . me : of course you can . her : do you ever walk away from a ... i try to stray away from basing my friendships off the mbti because as a rule , i try to give everyone a chance and the benefit of doubt . you never know who you'll get along with , and just because ... you should try introducing him to this forum ! there are so many welcoming people here , and that includes his fellow infjs ! if you could relay this message to him , let him know that he's not alone ... i'm not a doctor , but i'm a student ( like you ) that's pursuing to become a psychiatrist or vet . i don't have adhd , but i do get distracted by the little things ( like my phone ... guilty ) . however ... i don't know if it's because i notice the little things in people or if it's because my love language so happens to be words of affirmation , but here's what it's like in my shoes : personally for ... well , it is unintentional empathy . i just empathize without even thinking about it . whenever i hear about someone's problems , it's like i absorb their pain - i feel for them . when i'm emotionally ... thank you for taking the time out of your day to write me your message . i appreciate the content you had to share with me and you're not wrong . you do make sense . i'm still on a difficult journey ... thank you for taking the time to write me your sincere and lengthy message . i don't necessarily think i'm resisting how i feel , but rather i'm just being myself - an over-thinker and over analyzing ... thank you for taking the time to write me your honest message . i'm glad we're not alone on this . i really can't put it to words , or i mean i can , but please bear with me . i don't know if you can relate to me , but i have my highs and lows . not that i'm bipolar , but more like ... my emotions ... i'm currently an undergraduate at a four-year university and i'll be graduating with a bs in biology . lately , i've been feeling a tad bit unmotivated and losing sight of why i'm working so hard ... so i found out my parents are estp and istj , and it's so funny because a lot of things make sense now . it makes sense as to why they don't understand me , but i can understand them so well ... but ... <3 ugh , i absolutely love how i'm not alone on this . actually , i have told my loved ones that ! everyone knows i'm not a touchy person and it's not my love language , at least for the most part they ... some days are harder than others , there are days where i don't feel tired and there are days where i feel more tired than other days . i'm not sleepy tired - it's the type of tired that no amount of ... yeah ! i think it's 1 . and a mix of 2 . as for 1 , i think he realized that he couldn't continue feeling the way he did because well , circumstances such as school , distance , etc . as for 2 , i never ... sounds like what he's doing ! he's a very passionate person in what he does and he gets really stressed at school . i'm just tired of the distance he's creating because i enjoy being his friend lol ! i ... definitely ! i think that a lot of people just learn to do this as a way to get over someone . hmm , i see . i appreciate your hypothesis ! i don't get to see this person in person often or at all ... '