' evrything changed for me once i hit middle age , now i've realized social connections are truly the only thing worthwhile in life . as such i've had more interest in revitalizing old friendships , ... update : after a week of no contact i chanced sending her a brief email ( stupid ) , basically stating i understand her right to end my involvement in her life but i still was confused , but if she ever ... not a player at all . 3 gifts were all modest and seemed to cheap a gift unless i bundled . wife knows i'm a generous gift giving type person . well after watching a good video from another responder here on an infj doorslam , i'm more convinced it doesnt apply as there was no record of fraying . it went from perfectly normal to you're ( me ) ... well i believe after researching the topic she suffers from borderline personality disorder . she went from having warm fuzzy feelings for me to making me enemy # 1 within a couple days . oozing hatred ... the gifts were birthday , and xmas gifts . i agree i may have inadvertently been leadng her on well she was overwhelming appreciative actually regarding the b'day gift i sent her told me it was the best gift she'd gotten in years doesnt sound like she was creeped out does it ? i wish i knew ... don't consider her another woman like you would a mistress , simply a friend who happens to be female . she isn't the only female friend i have or the only one i sent xmas gifts too . and my wife is ... perhaps , but yes as i never ever wanted to cause her pain , our friendship will stay terminated . quote = viajador ; 14275642 ] sounds like she's got feelings for you - which explains the impulsive , ... in hindsight i agree the gifts may have been overboard . my best friend over the last 13 years is a woman ( entp ) i met at my last job . in fact she's coming back to my state for a visit and she's ... ok , at a new job i quickly noticed an attractive coworker i'd run into the halls @ work , seemingly daily , always smiling at me . soon it became apparent to me she was flirting , you know it had to be ... learn to smile more . nah , there are personality types that are drawn to us just by us being us . personally , i've found most ( not all ) of my relationships in life follow true to socionics concept of quadras . our quadra ... agree , that's why i married one . i always found entp and fashion to be antonyms . 1 ) cannot decipher their own feelings / emotions , especially strong ones and tend to compartmentalize them to avoid them . 2 ) if they get hurt in a relationship by someone they geniunely care about , ... that . : tongue : not the best of friends to have . entp's generally have too little resilience for relationship setbacks . typically if an entp's feelings are hurt ( can only be done by someone they geniunely care ... and when we're not stressed we pay very little attention to details of our physical environment.they do develop as we mature . hence i now have become considerably more socially inclined as i reached ... for clarification , if you're an intj you are ni , te , fi , se in that order , we all are , that's what dictates being an intj . we just differ in the rate and degree of development of those four conscious ... once / if i get comfortable in the relationship i'd say pretty damn good : happy : what he said . a similar scenario happened to me when i was in my late teens involving an isfp gal . i fell head over heels for her . there in lies the seeds of destruction for a young intj , as we ... unhealthy intj's are often experiencing an inferior function episode that can last days to months . normally they'll resemble an esfp in a negative / childish sort of way . projection of unconscious weak ... passions : escatology ; typology , nutrition , & all things relating to dogs . tell me about it . going on 10 months now with an entp i was close to at one time and i apparently crossed the magic line and poof ... i don't exist anymore . so irrational . not friends anymore ? ok , ... i see limerance as a natural state that all types fall into now and again . sometimes it ends , sometimes it matures into love . how long it lasts or how frequently it occurs might me type related ... if you'll pardon me the image of a vampire bat comes to mind . they'll suck a little blood for nourishment , move on to others then come back another day when the host has made more fresh ... this is something i learned a few years back about entp's . this is part of maintaining successful friendships w / you'll , i basically need to let the friendship be directed by the entp . i've managed ... good information . i guess the only part that bothers me is the cold shoulder / silent treatment ? what's that all about ? i don't hold grudges and after a few days / week i'm ready to mend fences . at one ... speaking from an outsiders point of view and one who has won & lost a few entp friendships , connecting initially comes naturally as an intj . what tends to happen is when the friendship ( even inner ... is there a basic criteria common to all types , or is it type specific ? as an intj can someone be considered a close friend if you only socialize with them at work / school or a very specific setting ? ... i'm wasn't refering to permanent changes that come about through maturity or personal growth , but rather those temporary out of character episodes ( negative ) all folks go through from time to time ... entp's really have a unique definition of loyality . you tend to be loyal to friends that make you happy . the problem here especially if it's one of those rare folks you've made a rare ... apparently so . you write too much like an entp i guess : tongue : . hmmm ... go by the name sunlover ... : tongue : what defines a person's type is the sequence of the 8 cognitive functions . however what varies between those of the same type is the development rate of the functions and the resultant interplay ... another very important yet often overlooked aspect to successful longterm romantic relationship is knowing each others love language . i've seen some relationships that were not very compatible ... so true . one the real negatives of being an xntx , there are so few of us around to find someone to relate with . i some months back had a falling out with the only xntx i was close friends with , an ... all the above ... especially the part about indifferent & dismissive to others feelings and emotions :d ry : that's funny as i've also felt i'm some sort of entp magnet . what i've learned is that normally it's ya'll who get the ball rolling , sometimes almost appearing pushy in developing the friendship ... surrounded by heathens ... just kidding : tongue : from a non-entp perspective , don't be so hard on yourself . what you need to realize is your having and expressing emotions is no more the problem than entp's not being able to understand or express ... we intj's don't handle strong emotions of any type well . it will eventually mess up our thought processes . kind of like a computer virus that tends to slow things down and generally gunk up the ... i've always gone by the credo if everyone is heading this way , i'll head the other way . : cool : yes , provided the change was initiated by me . : wink : human nature never changes . we don't all subscribe we came from apes either . : wink : it's funny , i've had a few of shots at romantic relationships w / some entp women during my life . two turned into the love / hate type of relationship , one just kinda ended abruptly just when i thought ... spock ... not dr ... mr . some eye color genes have greater influence due to the protein they code for being more effective than that produced by a recessive eye color gene . brown eye color gene > green eye color gene > blue eye ... my infp stepson drove me crazy on this point . sweet kid , but the worst case of selective hearing i'd ever experienced . : confused : '