' no , you know what would be even better ? discord reactions in that specific sub forum . thought : if thanks were enabled in bans and infractions , the threads would probably be hilarious to read . and this is how you increase yours ;) okay , spicy spank , here's the thing . you said : i was there , and as you well know , the original point of the voice chat was to figure out who kept kicking you , even though it's fairly ... what happened to i'm done ? : 0 dw i give you a permission to claim some entp side hoes oh right , that was unjustified , sorry . $ claim 365 pobrecita ... there , now i can call you a bitch every day of the year <3 don't you go all bitch's nature on me , bitch . i only accept my payment in top hats , and demand 51 % of the profits . only if u gimme ur flower ;) $ give 666 pobrecita if you're entp i might have to change my type :( hi dear happy you found your way here <3 yeah you'll be surprised to see what kind of messages require kisses after them protip : if you don't use them in the flat group chat , you're being petty xx groups tend to polarise for various reasons ( identifying with each other , maximising the differences from other groups , there's plenty of explanations , some of which i can't remember ) , so what you ... i can't tolerate certain sounds ( smacking of mouth , loud breathing etc ) some people make when they sleep . if i have to sleep in the same room with someone who does that and they fall asleep before me ... i like dogs , but wouldn't want to be responsible for one again any time soon . i had to take care of a semi demanding dog on my own from when i was 17 to when i was 20 as my family gave me no choice ... model b . it's usually a longer process though , since i tend to have plans for the possible scenarios that happen after the execution of my initial action , though . i do assess the likelihood of ... yeah , i can be guarded , i tend to express rather neutral opinions instead of going for extremes . this extends to most areas that are a matter of personal taste , including music , literature , tv ... azv yep . i'm never without a plan . especially in short term ( hours to months ahead ) , i do like to keep my long term options open . i don't mean well thought out , refined plans that i'll necessarily ... great thread , birdie ! i agree with all of your points - i don't flame people , start random arguments or offer my input when it's no use , thus i'm not entp , right ? i recall that i've already ... normally i just pretend to care more than i actually do . if , for instance , i meet a friend after a long time and they say that they've missed me i think it's just common courtesy to say it back , even ... esfp , infj , infp it's hard to define close , but i went with the people i'm most comfortable sharing personal stuff with . the list tends to change from time to time for no particular reason . that may be , and it's actually quite interesting to see how people use the same visual aids for different purposes ... i also use parenthesis , i should look into how they differ from the small font ... i think in my posts it's supposed to resemble the change in my tone ... unfortunately people here are unfamiliar with my tones , but if i think about it i guess that when present , a smaller text means ... i usually score something like ne > ti > ni > te > si > se > fe > fi . for starters , it's probably at least partially because the questions they use are stupid . like , all fe questions tend to ... i'll go with i am not sure , but leaning towards no . it is unlikely . it doesn't exactly represent my views , though , since i'm fairly confident that it's a no , just don't think i'm in the position ... i know ... is there a good twelve-step program , or do i need to surgically remove it ? thanks ! i doubt it makes a huge difference when a text is short ( like my previous one , for example ) , but it can be a lifesaver when there are multiple lengthy paragraphs . especially on this ... i can relate to this . it took me until september to fully realise this , since i actually had to move then . while i consider keeping things like old diaries justified , i also found a bunch of ... my username used to be draculaoverlord , which was an inside joke me and a few friends had a couple of years back , but i decided to tone down my ego and abbreviated it . also , the lack of a space ... i probably shouldn't have laughed . always could have continued by telling how i ended up throwing the bunny in the trash ( just kidding , i made my friend do it ) , for some reason people find it ... culture definitely plays a part , but i actually think that the british tend to get my humour fairly well , maybe the bunny example was just a matter of knowing me personally . we were talking about ... i enjoy humour when itx 92s clever , which applies to the dark kind as well . that being said , i donx 92t find dead baby jokes particularly funny , since most of them are very similar and not that amusing ... https://s13.postimg.org/y0de5jjhj/IMG_0034.jpg https://s17.postimg.org/9gbm00k1b/IMG_0031.jpg this doesn't exactly relate to certain words or catchphrases , but let's assume it counts . i quote a lot of things in my everyday speech - books , tv shows , song lyrics , the people i know , myself , you ... actually , those are called hedges and they are fairly essential in effective communication - you indicate that the addressee ( s ) shouldn ’ t necessarily take what you say as the absolute truth . it ... that might be , the websites i quickly skimmed through seemed to say that their meanings are somewhat identical . it's quite interesting , i think i'm going to research it a bit further since i'm ... you should use oriented . according to some sources orientated is also technically correct , but it's advisable to use the former , since it's shorter and simpler . i had to check that since a friend ... so 10/10 that i'm a 1 . your long post seems a bit unnecessary after this ? i don't mind the leaflet people , you can just politely decline , but the megaphones really get to me . i'm also a bit bitter about a time when some religious people distributed free coffee to anyone , ... this wouldn't go with my aesthetics at all . 2/5 because it looks a bit like my drunken selfies , though . well , we don't have to go to a church for that , there's a person distributing leaflets and shouting to a megaphone every 5m in the city center .  ... which made me and my intj friend seriously ... that's so cool ! do you also spend your free time preaching about the mercy of god to strangers ? :) ) my best friend for almost four years is an intj . the biggest problem is that we're both incredibly stubborn - we didn't talk for six months because neither wanted to contact the other . most of our ... i don't . i've shown up to classes half an hour late with a take-away coffee because fuck it , i'm already late and i overslept for a reason . but if the choice is between getting coffee and being on ... i ask for permission in ambiguous situations . i believe smoking outside , for example , is rather unambiguous if you've paid attention to what the regulations tend to be - for example , i've never had ... i disagree , asking for permission is an extremely easy way to get into someone's good books , they will approve of you for considering the convenience of others . apologies are a bit meh . they work ... unlikely , in worst case scenario i'll need a visa in two years but i doubt it gets too complicated . well , further away from the sea than i currently live :P and the winter is definitely nicer ... '