' fear of death , ive always had nightmares of dying and though has terrified me , though its a pretty irrational fear i suppose , the only reason i would have is that im terrified of just disappearing ... second one : like ' that ' your awesome ^ ^ 100 % against it , im not sure they realize the unintended ( or are they intended ? ) side effects of this law will be horrible . it will shut down you tube , google , wikipedia etc . it will strongly constrict ... infp im number 2 myself :P okay so i was happily talking on skype when ... i got a friend request from some who i didn't recognize , this wasn't the first time so i decided to add her and lo and behold ... she was troll ... q1 . concentration camp - - help kill your own child , or watch your child + an innocent man die as well . i would probably end up pulling the chair , the child is going to die either way and in the end ... 1 . ' safe ' genetic enhancement of your children . will you accept the treatment ? ( yes or no ) no . 2 . inevitable disaster . will it hit nearby ( 5000 lives lost ) or in a larger distant country ( 5600 ... you seem like a infj with enfp traits here and there , im a infp and get energized by talking to people close to me sometimes myself , and alot of the other things you say seem very inf'ish instead of ... well some of us are cute and fragile ... compared to others types anyways . _ . mine would be that when i start getting closer to someone i go through a almost uncontrollable phase instinctively in which i tend to act very cold and detached from them and sometimes a little bit ... * lurk lurk lurk lurk * * lurk lurk lurk lurk lurk * * see's thread * o . o wait , what ? you knew i was here dx ? * hides * definitely a loner , spending time with people i nice and all , but most of the time i rather just do my own thing alone =p though if its just one person that im good friends ( or something even more ... i would say so , i do tend to be shy at times ( dont confuse introversion with shyness ~ ) , and i am extremely indecisive > _ > , wouldnt say im fickle though = o , or restlesslively . so take that as you ... age - 14 gender-female sexual orientation - bisexual , demisexual if it matters . age when lost viginity - never , still a virgin . number of partners - 0 no real thoughts on it really , im 14 i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzEUeWnV73U i never came out of my shell , im still in it = o . that's exactly why i dont like it > _ > dont like the melody . i can vaguely relate , although it doesnt help that i dont really like the song = < melancholy and depressed if you dont want to read me rant , or whine , leave now . with that out of the way ... when i woke up today i couldnt stop crying , i had a nightmare , and have been very depressed the last ... welcome to the forums ~ ^ - ^ bittersweet i feel the same ... i am at a loss for words ... im curious at what age you would stop strictly monitoring your child , or what age you would have more respect for you as a individual just curious ( trying to not be mean , feeling a bit guilty about ... okay then sorry for being mean then dx , just seemed kinda mean to me is all ... =( that and trolls tend to often have names similarly looking to yours . i dont want to start a arguement but ... are you a troll ? considering your name and what you said , you simply dont sound like a infp at all and sound outright mean and cruel , if your are kindly leave ... im making this thread to list the people who where in infj chat room and wanted to play a mmorpg together rose online game ^ link to the game we wanted to use for it . if you whereare one ... maybe this should be mind vs heart vs intuition ? anyways i usually chose heart over anything , if my heart is not involved its a battle vs my mind and intuition . but my heart always seems to dominate ... yep ... and i can relate , im in a totally different position but i feel your pain and i share the same view , screw society and normality it can all go to hell for all i care ! this got me thinking a bit , i dont just dream .. more like live inside my head half the time , i dont just daydream about the good , but often the bad also , obviously i'd much prefer the life inside my ... i think i know what i'd see , a short white haired girl with azure eyes leaning onto a tall black haired , dark eyed boys side with his arm around her , the two in love , i'l let you think about that one ... | you say white isnt as cheerful as yellow but thats the point , its not supposed to be =P , as for color combos i like black & pink , scarlet ( the pinkish-red kind not the orange type ) & black and ... im like that to ! =D , well for me its more often a book or a story or something though and i just cant seem to stop reading watching , ends up messing up my sleeping schedule pretty bad most of the ... as well as your favorite color , i know many people hate this question ( or the whats your favorite color question ) but im curious = 3 btw you can have up to 5ish favorites i wont limit you to one , ... i dont think she outright refused , i think she said she simply didnt respond didnt say something like okay i promise ( implying that she might tell someone ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lqrkv0xASQ since you haven't mentioned what she said exactly i cant really be sure about anything im about to say but here goes ... if i was to confide in someone or tell them a big secret about myself and ... i had to reread that a few times actually at first i thought it said i could go live the life ive always dreamed of and didn't see the for one month part and chose yes ... but if its one month of my ... 1 quality time 2 physical touch ive only been in one relationship in my entire life and haven't really gotten to experience the second and really even the first , but i took the test and it gave ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzEUeWnV73U&feature=channel_video_title i would without hesitation , immortality is one of my biggest dreams and death terrifies me and i dont think i would ever get completely tired of living i could always find something new especially ... the current western world is thinking that craving on your negative feelings works best as an approach to produce more , and the idea is that more production adds more value to people's lives . this ... the only online schooling they have is summer schooling the rest must be at a actual school sadly , if i want online i would have to pay alot of money which my parents dont have . okay i found the law one uninteresting and useless to know , but the history one i found entertaining and interesting ( i like history even though i find it useless i'd love to just listen to all the ... negative , also this part of your post struck me i don't work for a better life as i feel i should be doing im completly happy with my life at the moment except for the fact i haven't found my soul ... i do have the disorder documented at school and in better times with a better economy i would have had the option of having a teacher come to my house to school me for a small fee of something like ... alright so i dont know how many of you remember the thread i posted stating i had run anyway but this is sort of a continuation of the events talked about there . okay so as the title states i feel ... hmm i think i had alot of little ones ( when i first saw my mom placing a present under the tree on christmas comes to mind and realizing santa is fake ) being bullied alot in 2nd grade for what reason ... i guess ive just had problems with it because it seems many people love to belittle me and they often use cute in a unorthodox way to do that , the same way you could belittle someone by calling them ... '