' my father is an istj . his father ( my granddad ) is an istj and it's obvious that my dad took all of my granddad's teachings into adulthood . he works all the time and has very ' down-to-earth ' interests ... slacker is my favourite independent film . it's made for inxps . i just find it mesmerizing and really easy to watch . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jB4xlYKAVCQ thanks for all the good tips everyone . i went up to a lookout that's popular with tourists last night . started brief conversations with about 6 people . they didn't go very far but it was just good to ... i've been consciously trying to develop my ne ( second function ) in recent times by living on the outer edge of my comfort zone as often as possible ( laying down in public , holding eye contact with ... mum-isfp dad - istj older brother - estp me - intp younger brother - intp get on well with my brothers . debate mum just about every day because she takes everything at face value ( from the ... i am a huge computer nerd - typical nt trait , potential sfp trait . i love , love , love horror movies - equally sfp and ntp trait . growing up i was never interested in makeup or anything to do ... i am a huge computer nerd - typical nt trait , potential sfp trait . i love , love , love horror movies - equally sfp and ntp trait . growing up i was never interested in makeup or anything to do ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCkvcoHkO3E lauren curtis - xntp . i figured she'd be some sf type because of the whole makeup thing , but this video strongly suggests she is probably an intp , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lPfdiMnrbYE i like to think about what i could do to make my life really awesome while i pace around for a while getting excited about the idea . after a while my excitement dies down and i go back to surfing the ... when i first read that he might be an istp ( celebritytypes ) it did make sense . he's very calm and collected and his judgements are well thought out and presented in a matter-of-fact way rather than ... yeah almost definitely isfp . i personally don't find her attractive . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3Jv9fNPjgk estp for sure . entj without the slightest inkling of doubt . is this guy an example of an unhealthy enfp ? or enfj ? not sure , but he's unhealthy either way . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qO_UOZeK1so that's a fair point . i just think walt's intense desire to build an empire is a very ntj characteristic and not very istj at all . so after applying pareto's 80/20 efficiency rule i've determined what it is i need to focus on , but it's that little ' focussing ' part that i struggle with daily . how do you guys maintain focus when ... it could happen , but gus never slipped up . walt was simply one step ahead of him at the final turn . also , would an istj be so purely passionate about chemistry ? i was about to mention miranda sings ( colleen ballinger ) but griffith beat me to it . no way he could have outmaneuvered the intj gus without being a long-term strategist as well . intj for sure how do you survive ? how do you survive ? if it counts for anything , i am the middle son . yes , estjs do have extremely high standards , even when it comes to insignificant details . it often gets in the way of efficiency . i use to get frustrated by them but after getting to know a couple ... my dad is an istj and mum is an isfp . they produced an estp and two intps . why would two sensors produce two intuitors ? any theories on the relationship between parent's personality type and child's ... walt - intj . he is not extroverted . gus - intj . the intj-intj battle between gus and walt was fucking awesome to watch . gale - inxp . seemed very ' airy-fairy ' and too poetic to be an intp but it's ... any cimorelli fans here ? my friend makes fun of me for listening to them but i think they're pretty cool ( keep in mind i'm a 20yo guy so his mocking is somewhat justified ) . not sure why i posted in ... i actually take pride in my ability to work out a gift a person would really love to get . for the most recent father's day , i didn't even spend a cent on my present . my non-tech-savvy istj dad is ... why don't you like most of your peers ? and yes , he only rants to me ( and his gf i guess ) and unfortunately he's told me how i'm special to him because of him letting his walls down only to me . i ... this is strange how a few of you have mentioned ' limited emotional resources ' . for me , it doesn't feel like i have limited emotional resources , but rather my emotional resources replenish for each ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZUc77Dn8Me0 i know this is for organizing online chats but i was watching this clip when i realized this is what it would be like if an istj and intp were stuck in ... this is precisely why i find it baffling :) thanks for the responses so far . you guys are interesting . hi there , one of my two best friends is an infj and he seems to hold grudges against a lot of people for reasons that seem petty to me . of course he wouldn't view them as being petty . i just want ... hi , i'm currently a quarter of the way through a dual degree in business ( economics major ) and engineering ( can only choose between civ , mech and elec as majors ) . i'm really enjoying the economics ... i think some of the previous posts are advising intps to carry out unnatural pursuits ( ladder-climbing , working hard in a real world setting etc . ) . i'm sure plenty of other intps can relate when i ... loving breaking bad at the moment . i also enjoy / have enjoyed : the sopranos seinfeld frasier the chaser's war on everything modern family criminal minds the mentalist can be ok monk i understand everything you've said ( my dad is an istj , after all ) . i especially understand the part about stj's understanding that time is finite and not to be wasted . contrary to the stj's , though , ... makes sense , but personally , fixing someone else's mistake in this sort of scenario would never make me angry at them . also , i doubt that the ' bigger problem down the road ' caused by an improperly ... terrific response . it's things like this i don't understand . it's just a fucking hose . why do some people care about things like that ? goodfellas , the shawshank redemption , casino , the station agent , no country for old men , there will be blood , american beauty , office space , city of god , the green mile , magnolia , leon : the ... wow , i can definitely relate . particularly number 7 . i told my friend that i was going to fly to the usa next year to do a tour of the deep south and he said yeah i guess i could come and i had to ... if you have six kids though , there will be six kids at home for at least 10 years and there's likely to be at least one or two kids at home for three or four decades - the majority of the marriage ... as my twenties slowly begin to unfurl , people around my age are starting to think about long-term relationships and families . i did some research a couple of months ago and found that in terms of the ... you write this as if you are an esfj . some things i enjoy doing : - ensuring nothing is on my plate in my external world so i can spend as much time as possible in my internal world - getting hooked on a tv series ( currently breaking bad ) ... i definitely get where you're coming from . i think a good option for intps ( and anyone really ) is to make the effort to get into the position where they're the absentee owner of a successful business ... thanks for the response so far guys . it's amazing to interact with people who genuinely understand where i'm coming from . you guys have shown me that i need to reassess what it is i actually want . i ... i might have lead you to believe i want a life filled with ' things ' , but actually i'm the same as you in so far as i enjoy having less . my plan ( while i'm still single at least ) is to buy one of ... i might have lead you to believe i want a life filled with ' things ' , but actually i'm the same as you in so far as i enjoy having less . my plan ( while i'm still single at least ) is to buy one of ... '