' i like it ! ! here's a song i used to think described my relationship with my ex perfectly :( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SojSDJ5LRU8 literally these are the only places i'm at : my room a classroom the gym any fast-food restaurant with my sis or bunny :) what is a work of art ? is it a canvas , full of shape and color or a poem : five lines - no author ? should art be beautiful or should it bear meaning ? it it found in museums or a child's day ... inside a worn cardboard box , they hide away pink dresses and shirts ripped , halloween masks passed down and a plastic pistol , spray painted black . a x93box of junkx 94 as papi would say to them , a ... love it :) i really like your style dalien guys cheer me up :( i've been reading my friends a bunch of the poems on this thread and they stopped listening and then they made me feel bad about reading poems =[ [ [ mission success :) 1449 i hope that's not too small ! awww ! ! they are absolutely adorable ! ! i have to upload pics of my rabbits :) its goin in the to-do list ohh those mischievous rabbits i can relate ... what i love about my bunny is he knows when he's doing something wrong , so all i do is yell mr . bunny ! ! and he'll perk up and hop on over to my feet ... this thread has actually helped me out in a way , i saw a lot of traits we have in common : i tend to be nice to people most of the time but sometimes i just snap , today my sister ate all the bread i ... yo i get kinda down sometimes too but i find the first thing you gotta do is think that you're simply in a mindset . the times you feel depressive and shitty just point it out to yourself , blame it ... damn this is beautiful i'm just taggin this here thread so i can read it later :) what do they teach ? if i was told long , long ago of the future ix92d behold the stones they'd throw the atrocities i'd know ix92d shrug , grin and go if someone told me of the drugs ix92ll take yup you guessed it . i love bunnies . i have two right now . bb and mr . bunny . i hate to say it but bb is short for bitch bunny . my friends all don't like her and since they are basically over ... i love makin movies ! ! ! i really hope that i'm successful ( majoring in film at temple ) and can make movies for a living , because honestly ... that would be ... so ... awesome ! :D i agree with violethaze , a big step to feeling better is understanding and accepting yourself . i went through alot too and i can even relate to the weight problem . i used to weigh 180 ( i'm 5 ' 7 ) ... well here's my personal experience : i dated a girl i truly felt in love with for about six months before she cheated on me with my close friend . they were sexting so they didn't actually do ... what do you think of my latest poem : light faded from behind her eyes , and glazed over like cloud covered moons . she softly begged me not to cry as cold fingers gripped their last goodbye in ... ok so i went on this forum b / c my best friend is an intj . this describes him perfectly . to a tee , it's almost kinda creepy . my best friend is an intj and i love it . he can be unaware that he hurts me sometimes , but i love how we can both be very close to eachother i don't think of it as an escape , i like to look at it as making everything in the present more fun =] oh , and you make odd connections and you often have weed realizations where you suddenly put ... i agree , running is tough to get started but now that i've been running consistently , i love it . i try to run 4 times a week but i'm so lazy . when i do though , i feel great the rest of the day =] personally i don't like to be sexual with a girl unless i'm very comfortable around her . maybe it's just me being shy , but i have actually turned down opportunities for sexual activities solely ... buddy i agree 100 % i broke up with my ex of almost two years in july and i still keep all her letters and little presents in a box . for some reason , no matter how much pain the relationship ended ... i know exactly what you mean , and whats worse is that i usually realize i'm doing it and then i feel fake . as if the people i just agreed with must think i'm a kiss ass or something but i've been ... i apologize again , i forget that there are others out there with a much more serious attitude about this stuff than i do . so anyway i hate that this thread turned into an argument , i'd prefer it if ... wow , well from my experiences that sounds absolutely ridiculous , but i don't mean to undermine the dangers . i think if you're gunna burn your house down you were already predisposed to burning it ... videogames ! you have a good point . no one ever really told me not to do drugs except for in school and my mom , my dad never mentioned it ( and whenever my mom said anything it was brief and generic ) . so ... when i hang out with certain people for a while i tend to adopt their viewpoints , even when they're bad . my best friend is very racist and before i started hanging out with a new black friend ( who i ... agreed 100 % ok , i like all sorts of comedy but i tend to find the outrageous things funnier . ranging from monty python to just absolutely harsh humor , all of it is hilarious i do want to better humanity , yet my means are creative . personally , i see film as a medium to express the confusing yet often enlightening ideas i have in my head . i do want to help others but i ... really ! from which part ? what do you mean listlessness ? and also i agree marijuana isnt for everybody but how could it ruin someone's life ? i think it just tends to make some people too dramatic haha same , i like how the majority of us are on the same level of thinking personally i find gifts that were made more meaningful than a purchased gift more questions ... 1 . what is your dream career ? and what are you doing right now job wise ? i hope to become a film director , and right now i'm studying film at temple university 2 . have you ... quality time ! then acts of service haha i'm not sure what that's telling me ... i have to say , in the single serious relationship i had , i was more confident in myself , more talkative in class , and met a whole bunch of new people . that being said ... i spent 24/7 with mah girl ... the celebration - fantastic dogma 95 film i'm surprised ! i'd think fellow infj's would all be about discovering themselves , experimenting and finding new perspectives . i hate to say it , but don't knock marijuana till you try it . for one , ... hey thanks for the link i'm taking it now , and i agree most of the competitiveness i have is against myself , and that's what the working out thing has become for me ( mostly b / c i know i'll never ... let us know how things go ! ! wow thanks guys this is good advice , she's never been through something like this before and ( being an infj ) i immediately smothered her with support , love , help ... but she turned everything down . ... i know exactly what you mean , weed makes me lazy as shit but i come up with wonderful , crazy ideas . my depression though acts differently , i don't have the creativity as when i'm high and usually ... honestly , if you already told him up front it won't work , then just ignore him or let him know you're done talking to him . the most important thing is being honest . i used to have trouble telling ... i was voted class clown of high school so lots of people knew me , and yet lots of people thought i was a douche for only hanging out with a select few . but really its just too many people doesn't ... '