' hey ! it seems like you have a great foundation and the fact that you have passion for you what you do is huge ! passion will take you farther then any skill set will and you can always learn skills ... i would say there has been 3 time frames in my life that i was pretty depressed . they are never for a long time but they were pretty low points . they could be fluctuating but i always come out of it ... i have not been on perc in forever and my heart melted when i saw all the responses i got . i appreciate you taking the time to write back . i'm doing much better . much love and thanks . it's so funny because i read the anne of green gable books when i was 11 years and it has been my favorite book since and probably always will be . however , i never even learned about mbti and what ... imaginative , drowsy , laidback yes , a few months ago i felt on of the world and i was extremely confident in who i was . now my insecurities are flooding back . i'm sensitive and stressed these days so i think thats why i'm letting ... i have been having a really hard time lately . i use to keep a positive attitude pretty well but i can't seem to get it together . i read somewhere that infp can be more prone to depression . anyone ... i feel trapped . i'm a slave to my bills and debt . and it's just getting worse : ( i'm only 23 . i wish i could have done a lot of things different . it is what it is . i'm just frustrated . i work so ... this what i wish someone would have said to me in high school . melissa , there are so many different types of people and personalities in this world and thats okay . it's okay that your shy . thats who ... this man , his blog and all his followers are so very disturbing . eee ... lord , i pray for every women he meets . being rushed ... my hubby has a go go mentality ... and i'm much more laid back . lol . we annoy each other in that way . i think my instinct just paired sensible with the judging type ... like sensible , goes with responsible , and responsible goes with structure and structure goes with judging . thats how my mind works ... okay i typed myself from this book what type am i ? by renee baron here is a simple way to brake down judgers and perceivers from the book . judgers / seek closure , value structure , plan ahead , ... i will be your friend ! i'm a good person too ... : ) don't give up on all people . but i do agree that my 2 dogs are the most loyal friends and their love is so genuine ... most people see me as innocent ... and that is of course not the case . lol in my opinion , i think saving it for the person you really love is so amazing and beautiful . it does seem like it's the norm to have had multiple partners and i can see why a guy may feel insecure ... 1 . ) what personality types are your parents ( if you know ) ? what was it like as an infp growing up with them as your parents ? do you relate better to one parent over the other , neither , or both ... wow beautifully put . thanks for sharing . i have recently joined this forum and love it . i love sharing my thoughts and views on things i am interested in . ( which now i'm totally into personality ) ... lol . so i just realized this was a response to my picture . : ) so funny . thanks for tip . i will definitely check her out . thanks . yes , it comes and goes for me too ... : ) it is getting better though . ( more consistent ) hopefully we all can find that consistency and inner peace ... but i guess life would be so boring and ... 7 years ago today ... i lost my dad . i was 16 and my life has changed drastically . i have become a much stronger , better person because i lost my dad . his death taught me how precious and important ... i am finally getting it ... who i am and what i am about . and i'm happy with it . i am happy with me . i love me ! ! ! ptl ! this is true for me as well . i love a good hug and to snuggle . anyone that i have connected with or feel a bond with i naturally hug them when i greet them but if some new acquaintances trys to hug ... q . 1 is morality black and white to you most of the time ? yes , usually but but sometimes there are different circumstances that make it harder to decide what the best thing to do is . for example a ... your so young and have so much time to figure things out . it's hard making the transition to adulthood and to decide what you want to be or what your purpose is for life . you definitely are not ... you know your infp when ... miss two exit while your driving home from work . ( a drive you made a 100 times ) . also when you act out your imagination out loud . ( by yourself of course . ) at least i do ... 53061hi ! 5305953060 i am obsessed with pugs . these are my two pugs . if i lived in a house and not an apartment and had more money and time . i would have more ! lol . definitely , i like to feel needed and wanted . i get satisfaction from feeling important , feeling appreciated and when i help someone . thank you . this was a great read ... and something i needed to read . i just learned about mbti and have became obsessed with it . so thank you . lol well i have read this and i believe your right about intp . i chose intuiting over sensing because i feel that from what you said above you are more creative , imaginative and spontaneous more so then ... hey everyone , i just joined the forum ! i recently learned about the myers and briggs type indicator and i now have a new found interest in all the different personalities ! i'm so happy to have found ... being true to myself ... is something that i constantly strive for . i am always trying to improve myself as a person ( inside and out ) . but i have remind myself that god made who i am . i was born with ... '