' i am an intp and could fit that description . on the outside i seem extroverted because i love to be around people and interact with them . what makes me an introvert though is that i could be in a ... mbti . types have to be confirmed . you cannot not always tell from a test . my mom came out istp . but that is my dads type . i confirmed and she was not istp but estj . but sometimes she gets too ... also how is your sense of time ? do you try to slow it down and make believe you have all the time in the world ? do you wish the world would just slow down so you would have more time for hobbies ? do ... as far as knowing if you're an intp vs infj when you have a deadline do you enjoy your life until the last minute or are you anal about getting it done two weeks ahead of time ? when you counsel ... i am borderline for thinking and feeling : 53 / 47 on mbti tests . i am very emotional for an intp but a true one through and through . rare but not impossible . the thing with me is that like most ... lol ! ! ! i laughed so hard when i saw this thread . i annoy many of my intj friends with my ne for sure and possibly ti too ! we have similar values but if i don't let intj lead discussion they will ... lol . i just re read what i wrote . if you take my advice and it works you are probably an intp . if my advice seems an inefficient way to answer a basic question you are probably an intj . my advice ... i got an intj vibe too . f seemed inward though you have a lot of intp values . i wouldn't characterize you as cold and calculating . i think you genuinely care about your relationships with other human ... not often i see happy threads from infps so it warms my heart that there is at least one of them in a good place . my daughter is an infp and she just started her degree in social work and she ... consistent and verified through many different methods : preferences , descriptions and functions . has explored their weaknesses and strengths , least and primary functions . understands how there ... real and verified . put me to the test any test . i have already questioned my type trillions of times and always comes out intp . looked at my functions and many descriptions . it is not a glamorous ... ps : i am a christian mom and this is what i would tell my own daughter . of course one must consider the culture where they are living too and the cultural unspoken rules . i am from the usa .   ... what's the problem ? free food ? men acting on cave man instinct to feed woman . perfectly natural . never heard of this accepting food implies willingness to have sex thing . besides they are getting ... i hear you agelastos ! but i wasn't suggesting our grasshopper here use moses's life to ro model he has his own destiny . i also wasn't referring to the story as a history but as story about a ... ya know i just read this again and thought of my 21 year old daughter who has really benefitted in many of the ways you want to by doing crossfit . sent from my iphone using tapatalk don't listen to them michael ford / grasshopper ! we are social beings . no matter how introverted it is hard wired into our dna to be social and learn from each other . life is more inter-connected ... remember moses wanderered the desert 40 years and was an old geezer before he was ready to fulfil his destiny . sent from my iphone using tapatalk my advice is don't move too fast too soon . recruit some coaches of your own kind from tv and fiction . start with those you can relate to : my fav intp role models are inspector morse and mr . spok .  ... rule out intp's because they are horrible liars . estp's would be the best all around . istp for tech missions . entj's to coordinate missions . what used to motivate me is just simply walking my dogs for an hour but i moved recently and it is too cold and hilly most of the time to do that everyday anymore . those walks gave me time to think ... thanks ! i have discipline , curiosity , desperation , interest or dire need so far . my post is regarding a health problem i am trying to overcome with a special health plan . hmmm : ... i am not ambitious like an entj , driven to be popular like an esfp , etc . i like puzzles and theories - but once they are solved , my job is done . right now i have to put one of my theories into ... i think this is an excellent point but i don't personally know too many aspie's or how they function or develop as adults . ( perhaps they grow into the big picture later ? ) i just know that i relate ... kudos to your buddy ! funny how a venting thread is now turning into an awesome debate ! one thing that does not piss me off about intp's . i said borderline ass or ass-like , graficcha . i also disagree : i wouldn't ... i think a well-developed intp can overcome their asperger's-like tendencies , but they never go away completely . anyway , it pisses me off . because ime , it's true . asperger's according to pence & justice , language dev . from theory to practice : ... often have substantial problem with social interaction and show restricted and ... [ quote = brendo ; 5014778 ] i'm finding organised religion a struggle . i'll be honest . i'm an sda , and it seems that the sabbath services are great for those who enjoy getting together with like minded ... was a sda christian for many years . still christian but can't stomach churches . sent from my iphone using tapatalk inspector morse is the quintessential definition of intp . and my hero . sent from my iphone using tapatalk intp guilt . we can't handle strong feelings . we can often be emotionally inept . that is what we run away from . strong emotions such as guilt from not being able to show emotion the way others do ... oh that most of us have at least borderline asperger's . i was socialized to be an ixfx when i was a kid so most everything ya'll hate about me i already hate about myself . 1 . this world is so illogical . 2 . also one of my classes is a nightmare of ambiguity . 3 . my fellow students have no imagination . 4 . i am very ill . that is all for now . the ex made it clear that he didn't care about my feelings . i was really cool with opposite sex friendships - as long as i was included too ! but when he started having female friendships that were ... um that's generally called cheating . also called an emotional affair - again , otherwise known as cheating . at least that's how i saw it with my ex - and that's what it turned out to be . gotta trust ... thank you clellius for boromir : enfp . i wrote an earlier post on that . finally , i'm not the only one who sees it . he is classic enfp ! and gandalf too . glad to see another on the intp team for him ... not sure but treebeard might be an intj . love kahlin amnell too ! favorite seeker episode is when her personality split . you're in the right section as far as i ' , concerned . before i knew i was an intp , fictional characters were my window into my soul . without them , i would have had a hard time understanding who i ... we are tolerant of all races here . welcome promethea . i have family members who have cling-on lineage and we have managed to avoid war , though living in the same house is no longer an option for ... grandpa 2390 and nt the dc : i think this sums up your argument quite logically . 81918 also , living with estj's . when i have something to do at say , 10 am and an estj reminds me constantly , it's 9:30 , it's 9:45 , did you do it yet ? did you ? answer me ! what ? are you going to wait until the last minute ? i ... but what you're curious about does . too late - busted ! but seriously , there are no nerds , dorks or geeks on this thread : only wanna-be vulcans . or , authentic vulcans . or half-breeds , like me . ... thank you infj human . your enthusiasm is noted . : wink : i remember arguing with my english teacher in ninth grade : mr . collins was a born-again treky and the show was new to me . i was both in love and fascinated by spock , and i marveled how superior he ... um , you were obviously curious about this thread - with all due respect , you're nerdy enough , lol . may i suggest you read up and you might find your mind enlightened , and perhaps nt , a new kinship ... but see there is no vulcan-level of logic . vulcans screw up all the time . despite their claims , it is far from innate for them to think logically - it is a discipline , a practice . it comes from a ... it is exactly as you say gilbert . and you have endured great pain that is not in the book . i know i cannot make up for that loss but my purpose is to love you too , the best i can , even with my ... '