' despite being only recently acquainted , i feel my love for this thread running as deep as the many colored strata of rock making up the grand canyon and my fondness for worthless sensory detail ... but when a long train of abuses and usurpations , pursuing invariably the same object evinces a design to reduce them under absolute despotism , it is their right , it is their duty , to throw off such ... since i am a track athlete , i run counter-clockwise . i honestly get extremely annoyed when people run it clockwise . they aren't running the right way which shouldn't piss me off since it's ... i listen to a fair bit of folk and indie music . i occasionally listen to some hip-hop / rap . i have an absolute loathing for pop music . i'm basically hipster when it comes to my taste in music , except ... well , i come up with a whole bunch of these bucket list things as they pop into my mind . i think i should start a notebook of them , but most of them are pretty ridiculous . highlights include ( in ... i've been really bummed out these last few days . i hate it , yet i also enjoy just the whole experience of having this much emotion . i think something is wrong with me . enjoying such an outpouring of ... i love having the chameleon ability . it is so very handy in social situations . would you prefer living in a sub-tropical or temperate climate ? ok , so today i said goodbye to one of my closest friends as she flew back to denmark after spending a year in the states . it is one of the few times i have actually cried in the past few years ... haha i didn't mean to insinuate that you weren't . it is clearer to me where you're coming from now . i'm sure if i did some backtracking through my thought processes something similar would come up , ... words are just words to me . it really is an intuitive process , and it has been that way my entire life . i taught myself how to read when i was 4-5 years old . i'd skim over headlines in the newspaper ... well , after getting a 5 on the ap spanish language test , i get to continue my spanish education at the 300 level . i'm a bit nervous about this , but i think i'll manage . i'm half-heartedly trying to ... i don't really care either way . people can smoke it if they want , and i believe it should be legal for recreational use . however , after working at a concert venue a couple years ago , dealing with ... very good post ! and a fellow andrew bird fan ! you just got 2.389156732 e10 times cooler in my estimation it has to be one of my favorites childhood shows , if not the favorite . i miss it dearly . anyway , advice ? not sure ... at the very least , try to consider other people's desires / morals / idk what ... which is basically the entire problem with all economics in the first place . on paper , communism sounds fantastic . in practice , we get north korea . on paper , the pure free market provides loads of ... redmanintp you summed it up perfectly actually . darknight 0522 i never said it would work in large countries . i completely agree with all your points there . i like the scandinavian economic model . major industries run by the government , plenty of social programs , while still providing opportunities for entrepreneurship . having said that , i've not lived ... i got 0-12 ... don't know how that works . maybe i'm an e ? ( ha ! as if ! ) i feel so loved . dunno why . might have something to do with the op mentioning she loves intps ( of which i am one ) . maybe . i would do this all the time if i lived by myself . however , i do not , so i make sure to not do this ( well , most of the time ) . with me , i have hypothetical conversations in spanish with various ... * unrelated * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HVr4jhNMeeY when i listen to music , each song / album is a distinct color . i always think of that color when i listen to it . sometimes i think it's influenced by the cover art or something , but other times that ... i'm pretty sure you just nailed it . at times i definitely feel somewhat ostracized for not conforming to the aggressive male role , but our societies expectations for women are all screwed up . i can't ... i hear you on the steinbeck front . i've only read of mice and men , and i feel like it's only redeeming quality is that it's short . politicians ... it seems i'm going through a somewhat pseudo-intellectual phase in regards to literature . i'm reading through a few books commonly taught in high school classrooms ( in america ) . i've re-read the ... there is a certain noah webster to thank for this dichotomy . noah webster - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia seriously , what the hell just happened ? hoooly god . anyway , i hate katy perry and the rest of pop music for that matter . yes , i could explain in great detail , but i think it'd just make me ... right now , i'm going into spanish . linguistics is also something that might be an option for me ( not sure which aspect of linguistics , all of them fascinate me ) i have developed a crush on a danish exchange student , and there is a chance she reciprocates these feelings . she has one month left in the states . not exactly a good situation to be in anyway you ... yeah , getting wasted just doesn't appeal to me . honestly , i'd rather just sit in a bar and chat with my friends over one or two drinks . i'm interested in what sort of parties i'll get invited to next ... i kind of do something similar . i also tend to say things in different little voices arbitrarily , but i branch out into different accents as well . i love doing accents . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0A5t5_O8hdA i need a rationale for this now ? fuuu ... i'm not sure if i've already posted in this thread but ... i just graduated last friday . i'm glad to be done , but i am definitely going to miss it . i found my niche ( although that niche did change ... how did you get naked pics of the emperor ? i would've said a fat snake ... holy shit . these are the exact things i do when i flirt with a potential partner ( only after i've gotten to know her a bit ) . right now i feel my biggest accomplishment is qualifying for the state championship track meet the past two seasons ( an athletic accomplishment from an intp ! * gasp * ) . i invested so much time and ... comics , quizzes , and stories - the oatmeal i , personally , can't eat websites . and it comes in steel cut ? is that possible for a webpage ? ( i kid , i kid ) from 0:40 to 0:50 seconds http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wqfcwgT0Ds since this was referenced in the poll ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CEVdca9U9LM i don't like the traditional american sports ( pigskin , basketball , baseball ) , but i do watch soccer ( football ) all the time . i also enjoy watching tennis . i would say track and field but the coverage ... i opened this thread fully expecting my computer to be infected by a virus . * tangent * i'm curious as to some specifics about this statement . could you give a little summary of what happened ? i honestly do not know what you are referring to here . ( i feel like this ... hell , i could go in depth about this , but i'll just keep it short and sweet . i'm moderately liberal . my biggest wish is that there would be / the people would elect candidates that actually worked hard ... like i always say , being self-deprecating gets the ladies ... too bad i'm not good at that . edit : or maybe i just think i'm too clever for my own good ... ( which is a very likely outcome ) this track season i had shin splints bad ... i powered through for all 3 months . now i am done and can heal ... yeah that's about it . i'm not really clumsy or have had many major injuries . my fe , like many people's here , has always been pretty high thanks to my upbringing being taught to have compassion for others . i do think this is a very good thing in that it has allowed me to ... well , it was mainly for the reaction afterward although i liked the hyperbole . you must be such a charmer . winning over a girl with one little scatty sentence like that '