' itx 92s hard for me to put this into words exactly , because my thoughts on this are still abstract . what ix92m about to write is going to sound contradictory to what most people think of when it comes to ... i without a doubt think there is a clash on a cognitive level because there is no shared cognition and the temperament is completely different . as an example , even though an intp and intj don't share ... i want to make it known that i don't dislike sjs generally . while sjs have a general sense to them , there is a big difference between an esfj and istj as an example . i've actually been getting close ... i dislike political correctness because it doesn't bring an objective balance to the table . you're asking people to only look at the positive traits without giving any regard to the potential ... the biggest issue that i have with esfjs is their constant need to criticize every aspect of your life . even if you change that quality about yourself , theyx 92ll still find a reason to hold it over ... i'm 29 and kid free . i have no future plans to change that . i'm not a kid person and i enjoy my freedom greatly . i would agree with this as an intj who has a heavy use of extroverted thinking . i don't think passive is a word that i would use to describe myself or the people who typically interact with me . i ... i think people have their own individualized criteria for what ’ s “ good enough ” . as you ’ ve stated already , perfection doesn ’ t exist . perfection itself is idealistic and can never truly be obtained , ... i had to read this a couple of times , because i wasn't sure of your angle at first . i do agree that intjs should have a realistic understanding of what's possible in a relationship or what can be ... i always find these kind of angles on personality types to make more sense within enneagram . i wouldn't call myself a melancholic intj , because i do have a lot of drive and determination to be ... i spend a lot of time trying to get to know who somebody is and how that ’ s going to work for me over a span of time . i ’ ve noticed that other people are comfortable following their attraction and then ... 665370 highly intelligent and thoroughly unconventional , strategists might be known to the people around them as “ bookworms ” or “ geeks . ” although they couldn ’ t care less about these labels , ... here are my results : 653274 when you get some time , look into an enneagram 5 . they integrate to an 8 and disintegrate to a 7 . while i think it's possible for an intj to have a core 8 , i would say it's more common as a fix . you ... i'm going to bring another system into this . i find that intj enneagram 1s fit the description of a perfectionist intj very well , but you'll find that your enneagram 5 intjs don't really care much ... i would argue that this is the manifestation of inferior ne . when this function is in the inferior position , it can have moments of being uncertain or doubting what could happen between a to z . in ... from what i've noticed compared to myself and my entj friends , is that they value or need action far more than i'm willing to do in the beginning stages of making a decision . in fact , it's not ... i agree with this . my enneagram gives me a bit of an entj vibe too (8 and 3 fix ) . i find physical touch or affection to be an intimate experience that is shared with very few people . it's an experience that i enjoy with a partner and is probably my best way of expressing ... i'm going to bring in some socionics . intjs ( ili ) and esfjs ( ese ) are relations of conflict : the most difficult type of relations . partners try to impose their own views on each other and don't ... that would be correct , yes . this is something that socionics attempts to revise in their system , as they theorize that introverts leading with a perceiving function should be considered perceivers ... the general concept will apply , but for a more in-depth understanding you have to account for the switch in functions and temperament of course . you ’ re simply explaining the difference between an intp leading with a judging function and an intj leading with a perceiving function . the reason why intps seek for answers comes down to their ... i suppose this is where intjs vary . if i were to attempt something and to not succeed , i would try to solve that problem until i found a solution . i'm far too competitive and perfectionist with ... can you elaborate on this so i can understand the context , because i even have a very different idea of how this works in intjs . the if it ain't broke , don't fix it attitude is a quality i see in ... similar interests , completely different approach to life . i personally wouldn't make a investment in that if you're seeking more than a friendship with her . in fact , i probably wouldn't make an investment even if i was seeking a friendship until her ... i don't hate infps and i usually get along well with them , but there is a quality about dominant fi personality types that can get on my nerves , especially when it comes to talking about major ... it's because these two types can usually sit down and explore ideas for hours . both types lead with a perceiving function and spend more time abstracting ideas than forming conclusions given that ni ... it's hard for me to give you an objective answer here , because we're talking about individual values . in this case , as i said in my post , you can show your support by providing actions that show him ... in my honest opinion , the key to not giving a fuck is knowing exactly who you are and what you expect from yourself . if you're worried about putting yourself out there because of what people think , ... to be honest , i would rather have a partner who is more understanding than is verbally supportive . i suppose what i'm saying , is that i find words to be pointless and actions to be of far more value ... it wouldn ’ t make sense for me to follow traditions with some holidays with me being agnostic . for example , you wouldn ’ t find me commemorating the birth of jesus christ on christmas day , nor would you ... i'm not going to be politically correct . i've yet to meet an esfj that i like or let alone respect once i get to know them . i try not to dislike people just because of their personality type , but ... my general family are sensors except for my sister and myself . yes , i understand that . you're not approaching something that's too complex to understand here . there is a reason why i wrote what i did to you originally . i don't know why you don't understand that ... i understand what you're saying , even after your reply since this , and once again i think it's full of shit . you don't really understand what you're talking about . if you're tired of people mistaking ... i'm an intj and i was tested in my youth for autism and i didn't fall on the spectrum , not even close in fact . what you're failing to see here is that there is a difference between selective ... * type 1 * action potential : 1w9 - 4w5 - 6w5 sp / so daewang : 1w2 - 6w5 - 3w4 femalegamer : 1-5- 4 iceblock : 1w9 inheritance : 1w9 jbking : 1w2 - 3w2 - 5w6 sp / so mindbomb : 1w9 -5-3 sx / so obstinatesnoop : 1w9 sx ... i can relate to a lot of things mentioned above , so i'll just make a quick list of how prolonged stress impacts me : my naturally ability to problem solve becomes hindered and i start to ... but i'm gay . . . http://loreleijames.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/sexy-nerd.jpg http://rs827.pbsrc.com/albums/zz200/Abbys_Road/Use%20Me/drool.gif~c200 i can find this kind of humor funny , but i don't find myself using it that often . i'm more likely to talk about morbid things from a detached perspective , though . as an ni dominant , i would tell people that i don't experience ni as being time-based , because the concept of time doesn't really hold importance to me . although , when i compare my perception to the ... this . your score was 16 out of a possible 50 . scores in the 0 - 25 range indicate little or no autistic traits . i've found that both of my male entj friends can be sensitive and yes , even irrational , when you get to know them on a personal level . the one friend whispers when he's talking about his emotions out ... perfectly said . i was going to write something similar to this in-depth , but i couldn't bring myself to write a novel . i agree with this . he's getting all of the attention that he needs from you without having to actually commit to anything long-term . it would best for you to deal with your feelings now and ... i was professionally tested for autism and didn't fall on the spectrum , but i went ahead and tried this test anyways . your score was 16 out of a possible 50 . scores in the 0 - 25 range indicate ... let's say it's because of your interesting questions . . . '