your husband isn't badmouthing you . not really . he probably never saw coming what he'd really stir up the moment he brought up the subject of his parents unwelcome uncountable visits to yours and ... i understand . your kids don't deserve that . thank you for putting them first . you know what you should do ? next thanksgiving , you go all out . arrive early at your in-laws with no warning to help ... honestly i'd not be surprised if it were all to come down to a bruised ego . he's a domineering spouse and cowardly momma's boy , isn't he ? you taking stand against your neighbour ( in a way he never ... your husband sounds like the product of his parents . but he is married to you , not his mother . are you sure he cannot be an ally ? not against his parents , or the neighbour , but an ally in making you ... could this be him clumsily exerting control over the situation ? your feelings right now are completely understandable , agreenbough . please , keep letting it all out . it doesn't have to be all here with us if you don't feel comfortable but selfless assurance ... you can't waste what doesn't exist but it sure feels like alot of everybody's time keeps going misused in this thread . / thread reported thanks . it should've been obvious really . op is on rolls of a classic setup , knowingly putting something insulting out there , expecting reactions and providing counter-arguments and conclusions drawn from the audience's pissy replies as to ... she wants to put out but knows she doesn't have to . she wants it to be worth it . treat her for the woman with self-respect that she is . cool , cool . thanks for the test . it's hard for me to believe that because the producers didn't seem so keen to stop even at the start of the third season . but i really might give it another try someday . fellows infps might enjoy dead like me . witty , cynical and heartwarming show with a memorable crew . the main character georgia strikes me as a defeated inxp . trailer : ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-dr1-0__Jc a common scenario maybe , my sister and i were raised by a young single mother . my grandparents from my father's side supported us for years and were mostly the authoritarian figures in my youth .  ... i don't only mean unavailable men in the sense of a relationship but also emotionally so . neither is dependant of the other and either can make the ultimate difference . wrap your mind around the possibility that him being unavailable is part of his appeal . you do have a history . you're pretty young and walking case of hormones but you might want to examine your ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ecHfCKvPbBs even if a joke that i've laughed at may have been cruel , i know that i'm an empathetic being full of love and humour . i know that having a stick up my arse would never let me distinguish that good in ... everyone's pretty much nailed how important it is that both must want it . but i've some thoughts about a couple of things you've written . by asking for an open relationship , you're implying i ... swings , bicycles , walks , speed , books , tea , grass , waterfalls , flowers , forests , rainbows , birds , butterflies , valleys , clouds , stones , sky , dogs , cats , dolphins , elephants , art , paintings , drawings , ... i agree it's nonsense . but you're still so freaking precious for angsting over that , oversoulpark . i just wanna pat your head , hug you and shit . but since i can't get down to the philippines , it's ... you're all horrible people . i love you . even the newcumer . when someone tells you to be grounded , they're unknowingly telling you to accept a set of personal values , cunningly summarized in a pretty word that'll keep you torn and guilty between your personal ... ravenclaw - 11 hufflepuff - 10 gryffindor - 10 slytherin - 10 i relate to all of these houses ' descriptions . having analysed them so , i guess ravenclaw suits me . but whatever , gryffindor ... i appreciate a friendly cat but i'm all for silly love and rolling on mud . it's precious how all of us endearingly substantiate the little voices in our heads . i'm not different , i too always had a part of me that stated another perspective and made me question facts ... honestly , it's impossible to say . the existences of past , present and future ( or time ) are already questionable as a starting point to ever ascertain whether there's a free will or not . those are ... beauty is when something's out of its context . when a twisted tree becomes the overseer of the orchard . when the flaw of man is grippingly poetic . when a remark on the weather is a sign of things to ... congrats on your supernatural third nipple ! ... that's probably something most never get to say in their lifetime . purity is such a misused word . for some reason , it's used by some to immediately set the worth of someone or an action from mostly barbaric notions . for others it simply means the lack of chemicals ... blues get me personally the most . they make me sad . and you know what that means . show-offs . those babies are shameless show-offs . they're intentionally making me d'aw to death , no , make them stop ! this thread is too funny . http://images2.layoutsparks.com/1/77833/james-dean-sitting-grey.jpg but james dean is too sad to care . yes , i do get lonely . even when there are times in which i'm surrounded by my whole family , i still feel worlds apart . i know i'm not alone but it's a difficult thing , to connect with others ... honestly , all i see is a guy standing up for himself and rejecting a cycle of typical teen ganging behaviour with unshakeable resolution . it's not that they know you can't be trusted , it's that ... i suppose this must be meant for me . let me just put it out here : i see this thread much as a playground . i'm putting out my impressions here and welcome you to make me look at them through other ... the cat mother looks so happy . you guys need to look up the definition of selfish . the mere fact that you understand others ' emotions and are driven to help is more than enough hint that you have a proper conscience . you're far ... in the late morning hours ugly white coats and their stage off , off with the dirt when while waiting for your ride , you take notice of the similarly shaped geometrical salad fruit pieces you bought earlier and wonder how the machinery process must've worked . then you wonder how ... this thread was certainly introduced with a plain question about a broad issue and the mbti as the skeleton for the subjects involved , so no one will come out of here with a worldly fact in their ... every truth in the world is dependant on the circumstances and situation at hand . but with that as a ratiocination , you also close yourself off from considering new personal perspectives . that is ... haha i bet ! hai back to you . i'm glad they sought help . or are out giving some . going with t females because of the vices still around . for example , an intelligent woman tends to not be taken for intelligent if unattractive . having to back up the factuality of your greatest ... reminds me of the time as a kid when my favourite book was a cheap , astronomy booklet with known planets and constellations . we had nine planets in the solar system back then ! i'd spend so many ... http://img708.imageshack.us/img708/7667/sansportrait.jpg despite how it looks , i do not wear skinny jeans ! bigots are an ugly part of society . sometimes you'll come across someone who's genuinely interested in widening his or her horizons who will present you a case and think with you . but this is rarer ... yeah some people have thought i was gay which annoys me a lot . [ / quote ] i'm sure homosexual folks are even more annoyed for being misrepresented by people who have come across as pathetic by their ... folks who have an habit of crackling their fingers . how i wince at that .