' i love my extrovert friends , without them , i would probably never do anything social . as an introvert , i prefer smaller groups or one on one conversation , but when i go to a larger event , i like ... i'm also much more comfortable with physical expressions of emotions than verbal ones . i love cuddling with my girlfriend , it gives me good feelz . i dont get the cringing at being touched thing ... you could figure it out by his dominant function . entp's have ne as their dominant function and can be more animated when speaking than intp's generally . fe is higher on their function stack . intp's ... i think that walt is an intp , here's why . walt only does the things he does , at least at the beginning , because he is worried about his family . walt cares about and goes out of his way to save jesse ... i agree with infp . fi / ne are the dominant functions . he's not a j or s type , and doesn't have the ni dead eyes like he's looking through things . fe is my retard function . i only use it when all the others have failed ... and i'm cornered and cant escape ... and then it quickly goes back in its box again where it belongs . i have a couple . 83207 i dont regret them and i've been getting them for 16 years . some mean something , some mean nothing . for the people that say what are they going to look like when ... regret buying a house because i knew the market would tank and was proven right . regret not buying gold when i knew it would go way up . i tend to do things once i realize that they are once ... how about faith in rationale / intellect / wisdom ? i have no inherent faith in any of the three . when new evidence is found or something contradicts my beliefs i modify the beliefs to fit the truth , ... the problem with the bible is that for everything in it that is true , it has an equal amount of statements that are either outright false , contradictory , or completely horrifying . examples : ... when i was in high school i studied various religions and spirituality . none of it ever made much sense , even though i wanted it to believe in something . i think of spirituality as a shortcut to ... someone goes into long explaination , ends in question directed at me then ... wait , say everything you just said again ... also this is pointless / hopeless / irrelevant / unnecessary comes to ... i dont like people who are both overly self confident and stupid . i also dont like to be left alone around people i share no interests with , mainly because i just have nothing to really say and ... chuck palahniuk , i can actually hear an extreme version of my own thoughts in his dialogue . without remorse by tom clancy has been my favorite book since i read it in high school ... its been a ... i was an infantryman in the army for three years , i've seen war . my best friend died in iraq in 2007 . i've probably spent more time reading and thinking about this subject than anyone . there is ... intj women are my favorite female type . : swoon : the ni makes them sharp as a razor and i'm more than happy to have someone who can pick a plan and let me fine tune it or add suggestions . rushing ... as an intp , when i was younger i faced this not knowing how to approach a girl issue . then i stopped giving a shit if they like me or not and i realized that i can date whoever i want . being smarter ... we should start out by calling war what it is , which is people being forced by a hierarchical culture to commit mass murder on another group of people being forced to do the same , generally for the ... i love her ( and intj women generally ) , but then again , intp's appreciate logic and directness more than most because we dont have to waste time figuring out what social interactions actually meant ... http://youtu.be/F5msgN4QEnA nah , you guys arent intimidating at all . i like having sex and i having one person that i can confide in . i keep a fairly small social circle , so being in a relationship is comfortable to me so long as that relationship is healthy .  ... likes : logical to the point get stuff done smart ni is fascinating to me less than likes : can be impatient less interested in just to throw ideas around just for discussions sake . sure , but we could really progress as a species while the more militant ones fought it out in the desert somewhere and left the rest of us alone . i mean , this whole thread is batshit crazy to someone ... this might as well have been a thread titled my easter bunny is the real one , yours isn't , and only we have the right to kill people stone age bullshit . i wish religious people would go on a ... i think its fun to do either depending on the situation and what kind of mood you're both in . i dont need a woman to be dominant but it can be super hot . i think that females are more prone to being ... i'm more interested in female psychological dominance than being physically dominated by a woman , if that makes sense . like i would rather her say things like i'm not good enough for her and dont ... i'm an intp and i have full sleeves , my gf is intj and is covered more than i am . some of my friends that are covered in tattoos are isfp , infp , estj , istj ... lots of different personality types ... ... some of my early sexual experiences were with women who were abused in various ways and they were nervous / scared . i think that i have always been afraid of hurting or injuring a woman for this ... also in an intp / intj relationship , me intp , her intj ... i think that you just have to set the mood for that . mine doesnt like anything that seems manufactured . i'd try being a smart ass and be ... are we seriously bringing the book of magic into the logical thinkers forum ? prophesy is bullshit . within 2000 years everything that could happen to a government or religion happens . i'll make a ... i actually got my intj girlfriend by asking her about mbti . i thought she may be an intx and had her take the test , we started talking about big stuff and basically skipped the chit chat all ... when i was younger i tended to pick out factual errors and logical inconsistencies out wayyy more than i do now . i stopped because i came to realize that it annoys people and i come across as a know ... ron and april are also my favorites . aubrey plaza is so hot . realistically , roosevelt could have dropped those nukes on wilderness areas and said the next one will be on tokyo unless you surrender , and it would have been equally effective . they gave zero shits ... the nukes , firebombings , and war wouldn't have happened if the roosevelt hadn't created an oil and trade embargo on japan which forced them into the decision to bomb pearl harbor and attack the ... this two times a week business sounds too much like a schedule . intp's cant deal with rules if our own rules are the ones we are rebelling against .. joke aside , i forget to shower often . i also ... i would think that intj's would be very similar to me , intp , when dealing with less intelligent spouses or friends , in the beginning of the relationship , you may correct them or just throw truth ... 81666 my girlfriend ( intj ) and i ( intp ) ... intp's are generally not collectivist or motivated enough to get into grandiose plans to change the world . we tend to be observers of people and dont want to impact outcomes half the time .. although , ... i'm an intp dating an intj , she is , as the stereotype , very introverted and driven . i think to others she would seem cold , hell , to me she seems cold and unemotional half the time but i guess so am ... you're an intj who has decided you're out . there's no way to unhurt him . you just need to be done and get it over with . i wonder if there is a correlation between nt types and physical or psychological abuse / neglect . basically we're trained that our feelings dont matter , so we bury them . not to say that i was ... i was reading about the fields medal , and the people who have been awarded it ... random , seeing as i dont even like math . 80955 my gf and i , intj ( her ) and intp ( me ) , although we dont probably dont fit the visual mold so well ... my best friend in high school was an intj female , and my current girlfriend is one too . i've seen it described as a ' mind mate ' relationship and i've found this to be the case . sometimes i think my ... my so is an intj . we don't really debate because unless she sees how it serves a purpose she isn't really interested in a long discussion . most of the time when we talk about the big things , we ... a friend of mine was going to hook up with a chick and he told me that her friend thought i was attractive and it was basically a sure thing , but i didn't feel like having the required short ... the second you tell an intp something we reject it . if you have to keep saying it , you are just creating a reason to be skeptical . complement her ideas , tell her things like you love being with her , ... your op describes me when i am mentally off balance for one reason or another . when i was younger and wanted to be an extrovert i was like this . actually most times in my life when i was doing things ... i typically have always focused on the other person , almost to the point where that's all i really thought or worried about . too much fe maybe ... throughout my life emotional intensity has scared me ... '