' well , i'm more of a scientist , so i tend to believe in the current theories of how things exist , which isn't entirely random , just lots of things happening / interacting with each other , all at once ... : mellow : yea , i'm attracted to the morbid , too . things like rape , incest , murder , suicide , and rotting bodies . : unsure : it has scared me a lot of times , but sometimes i keep revisiting some of the ... an esfj , late ? inconceivable ! ! ! : tongue : : crazy : my psychic sense is tingling ... and it tells me this thread should be moved to the education and careers section . : tongue : hmm ... she might be lactose intolerant and can't eat chocolates , and she might be allergic to pollen from flowers ... and it's your first date , so it would be better to not overwhelm her with a ... 43740 data from star trek : the next generation 43741 luna lovegood from the harry potter series 43742 debating between that , and donating my body to scientific research . either way , my body will be of use to somebody . : cool : 1 . get sober , seriously :d ry : 2 . come back later for tips ! : kitteh : i've been raised a disney fan and grew up with the pixar movies , so i'm a fan of theirs as well . lately , i have been disappointed with pixar , for cars 2 and this film , since they're now getting too ... torn between toy story trilogy and wall-e , voted for wall-e . i've been compared to real and fictional people . the one i can recall off the top of my head is data from star trek : the next generation , which i don't mind too much . started out neutral , neither cynical nor romantic , just seeing realities others couldn't recognize ( anything from other worlds , to what could be done with a baseball bat besides baseball and hitting ... i think it's great . : happy : i find some of the articles really funny , like the self-demonstrating ones for example . yea , they're not describing real life , but they clarify fiction life , and what ... finding threads to post a reply in , if i have a response for them : unsure : a chicken & broccoli alfredo dinner lots of good choices in movies on this thread . : cool : i'll post some movies i found thought-provoking that haven't been mentioned : pan's labyrinth - was the fantasy real ? or all in her head ? or ... hmm ... dumbledore & gandalf : always thought of as infj : cool : harry potter : initially thought him an infp , but it's been suggested he's isfp , so now idk : unsure : hermione : it's varied for me , from ... you don't always have to have a plan happy birthday contemplation is that what they mean by a journey moment ? : confused : happy birthday , senhorfrio : cool : the us government and elite aren't really concerned about helping society through a recession . they just want to appear that way , while they're gathering whatever financial assets , wealth , etc . they ... uhh ... sweetheart , the quiz means it's 1 % certainty that you're an esfj vs an enfj . i've been confused on that , too . : sad : why not try the cognitive functions test @ keys2cognition.com instead ? umm ... which society are you talking about ? there are many different cultures out there ... : unsure : no best friend , but the person closest to me is a fellow infp . btw , somehow doesn't seem surprising to me that the three least voted on types are estj , estp , and entj . :d ry : uhhh ... hmmm ... i guess by what you've answered , you're an exfj . i can't really tell if you focus more on possibilities or on present reality , but it seems regardless of your adhd , you do like ... i had found a weird-looking boat by a dock ; looked liked the front half of my uncle's recreational fishing boat , only with wings on the end of it . : confused : inside was a small cabin with japanese ... i only mind reading subtitles when they change too much and too fast on the screen . : confused : otherwise , i like them for the same reasons mentioned above . a star trek : the next generation novel called the buried age this is the west , sir . when the legend becomes fact , print the legend . ~ the man who shot liberty valence : cool : like star wars , star trek , and 2001 : a space odyssey , but my all-time favorite would have to be contact . as of tonight , total recall with arnold schwartzerniger ( spell check ? : unsure :) i thought the original alien movie was the sequel , as in this movie is the prequel to alien . : unsure : pan's labyrinth , ps i love you , toy story 2 & 3 , cars , wall-e , harry potter and the order of the phoenix , the duchess , the princess bride , bambi , lady and the tramp , ... that's all i can recall . my mom's an infp and my dad's an istj . it seemed rough in the beginning , with my mom having romantic ideas , and my dad trying to bring her back down-to-earth , also my mom getting hurt over criticism , ... stop being so logical . : tongue : ... ( you're in a room full of people , and you're not talking as much . ) could you stop being so monotonous , infj ? same here : happy : rofl : laughing : name - username , please nickname - lh78 gender's not that important to me , and i'm not telling yet : ninja : born & lived in florida , until last year when parents & i moved to ny state , for my ... '