' i'm questioning my extroversion . usually i'm in between two things to do . i finished something and i had an idea of what to do next but i don't have the motivation or energy to do it or is bored by it so i usually waste some ... interesting , i got intj the first time i did a mbti-test ( 16personalities ) so it certainly is possible . when you talk about operating in my shadow functions , why do you think that and could you give ... i give my permission if anyone feel that they are up for it . i got my hands on a code to a self authoring program today so i'm thinking about that and if it will help me in some way . either way it will be a fairly interesting experience . i saw your name before i entered the thread and thought you would probably be typed an infp . so based on my presumption and preconception of an infp it's accurate . 47 % entp 16 % entj 12 % intj 10 % intp 2 % enfj well , other people have suggested entp for me before and i've started yo think that i may use ne and not ni . would probably go with enfp . - 1 . i enjoy history , especially war history ; like the battles , commanders and the strategies used . i'm also often fascinated by the people in power like ... > did an mbti-test yesterday . > got infp > have a personality crisis > let's consider the possiblity to see when i have fucked up . i mean , i did fuck up somewhere , either when i did the test ... that's how you know you have common sense . though with that said i must say i'm the real life version of professor x ; my use of ni is so high that my hair is falling off . how dare you be your own person . ~ back to the writing board ~ not entirely sure but dark humour or insensitive jokes may be a t-thing as i can see an f find jokes like that morally wrong and reprehensible or just not wanting to upset people around them .  ... i'm not sure entj is my type after all ; se may be my inferior function rather than fi . i thought it was well known that a big part of this forum is a massive circle jerk . - when you prefer to give solutions instead of sympathy . i'm the same ; once a teacher told me to read through my answers and instead of spending five minutes to read through them i pretended to read through them during that time . that was an utter waste of ... 1 . ) dramatic 2 . ) / 3 . ) adventurous and vigilant 4 . ) serious lowest : self-sacrificing not sure if it fits , i may have fucked up when answering the questions . i have to feel comfortable with the new people / setting both in real life and online to feel comfortable talking / writing . however , in real life i can get really talkative when i get comfortable with ... who gives a shit ? was one reaction i had but if i had to guess i would guess that xstps or maybe even xsxps would make the best spies if i think about the james bond-type ; if i had to make a guess ... the description i found to correlate most with me was the istp one . so , what you say is : sensors usually don't read long posts . intuitive usually read long posts . because you think that you act more like a sensor when you aren't serious ( when you don't read ... is this a genie that is good or malicious in nature ? in other words , did i summon the genie from aladdin or the genie-version of jafar ? if i managed to summon a genie that clearly is evil in nature i ... when you don't want to take a standpoint whether you lean toward extroversion or introversion . kajada i could see fi in some of your examples , at the very least f if i should be less precise ; i guess i also see signs of introversion . i'm looking for se ( your aux ) but can't really see it / pin ... okay , so your problem is that people are dominating the conversations without letting you talk ? before you got on the internet to complain did you do something like this : - talked to them about how ... i've gotten an esfp vibe from you earlier but exfp seems fitting . as i see it , i'm no expert , it's probably not that unusual to relate to more than one type if it is between types that share some functions ; with the same functions they will share similar traits and ... enfp seems plausible . 6/80 have done this test two times on different occasions ; got 6/80 both times . i actually thought i would get a higher score this time around but apparently not . seems a little low , however i do ... kajada you got a lot of nice suggestions for entj-animals in this thread and then you choose the walrus ? apparently you like to live on the edge , however let's embrace the walrus when you so ... no , but not so long ago i thought i didn't fit in any mbti-type . the problem was that i looked in the wrong places . when i'm on here i usually find infps cute and adorable at the first glance but i quickly realize that i , in general , would tired of up an infp partner really fast . to be fair i would guess that an ... lion ( mainly ) , gorilla and bull are suggested for entjs ? saw meerkat suggested at the beginning and even if i can't see that as clearly i still enjoy the idea . if i would suggest a bird for entjs ... blue ribbon thanks for taking the time to type me ; a plus for throwing in other things like the enneagram , now i have something to go on when i start looking into those things in the future . i ... links : http://personalitycafe.com/intro/957242-king-kings-have-entered.html - introduction http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/975554-se-si-ne-ni-one-my-main-perceiving-function.html - ... every other day with shampoo and i try to plan so that i combine that with my training schedule so that i don't need to shower more than necessary . if i train a day i wasn't supposed to shower i only ... i don't think i really regret something ; i may question why i didn't did things differently a short time after i did it / something happened but that question does disappear after some time . regretting ... if i go by my understanding of fi it really seems as if you have fi as dom / aux . i would suggest to not read descriptions ( at least not to use it as a main way of typing yourself ) of the types but ... victoria 7 it sounds like you are an introvert but you could be one of the introverted extroverts ( enfp as an example , like people above suggested ) but i would probably bet on introvert . i ... well , i've yet to explain fe / fi properly to myself so i don't want to mislead you there ; i know that my sister ( who most likely is an isfj ) also have trouble with watching violent movies because she ... this time i got a result that would correlate with an ixtp type but the last time i did a big five test i got scoen or sloen ( i don't remember which ) which correlates with estj . at the moment i'm questioning tarkin being an entj and if you compare krennic ( who people and me type as an entj ) to tarkin i think there was a certain difference ; sure , people of the same type may ... this sentence made me think about fe , i'm new to this though so i may get reprimanded for saying that . however , i do recognize myself in your description in regards to the extrovert / introvert ... well , i'm not sure if i'm an extrovert or introvert ( leaning toward extrovert at the moment ) but i thought i was an introvert for a long time . reasons that make me doubt i'm an extrovert ; - i'm ... the first word that popped up in my mind was artistic . xn ( f ) p , f solely because you brought up the part about animals ; otherwise xnxp . 1 . ) i'm working in a store and even if i think i haven't gone out of my way to be nice to customers they seem to ... i've realized that i usually evaluate if something i'm doing is worth it or not ; what am i going to get back by spending time doing this ? i'm playing a game and then i start to think if it's worth ... another scenario from yesterday . we sat in a group and the teacher checked who was there but she missed a person , let's call him x and i started to think about it . like , shouldn't she ask where he ... infx ; i couldn't nail down the j or p but i guess i thought of fi when i read it which should have made me say infp if i had thought about it a second longer . 1 . ) i hate when people say ... a friend had forgotten his bag in a place today and we talked a little when eating ; i asked him who would entertain me during the lecture if he was going to get his bag and he asked me to tag along ... '