' i was like , why is hitler preaching about this stuff ? well in the film the character who represents hitler has been replaced by a look alike who ironically is jewish . so a once persecuted jew is ... i dont make eye contact and typically ignore ; im bad at flirting . i had my first panic attack about 4 months ago ; and had them chronically ( 4 + times a day ) for about 2 months . now i have them once a week at the worst . i thought i was going insane or going ... its funny , i just deleted mine yesterday after a long brutal inner monologue . : tongue : i have done allot of solo travelling , backpacking , hitchhiking ; just finished study abroad ; and am about to go for a year next fall . all i can say to anyone idealizing travel , read the art of travel ... pwahh ? i live in nashville ... live music , coffeeshops , and bookstores all up and down west end ... what more can you ask for ! ? sitting out at the parthenon with a book is like the chillest thing ... i go out all the time , its draining and awkward ; but its also good to push your comfort zone a little bit every now and then and meet people , experience things . plus i hang out with all infps / intps , ... runnn awayyy 1.raised by mother 2 . no father figure , thus hate of authority 3 . always being made fun of growing up 4 . alone allot of childhood so was in my head too much imho bam -> infp : tongue : geez this makes me feel bad ! : laughing : . i am really liberal with sex , i have had quite a few encounters ( i dont know how to put it without coming of as a douchebag lol ... ) and they were all fun ... yes this is for infps : crazy : i always read about infps not liking to do things socially , and prefering staying inside reading a book . while i like to do this and i need some alone time ... i used to think people were always staring at me , but then i realized it might have just been a self-confidence issue . turns out everyone , including myself , looks at everyone ( especially classroom ... i cant see many infp'ers being so extroverted as to find themselves in a new bed each night . guhhh , yeah ... when the physicall part comes in i can , for some reason , fake the emotional ... ich habe sehnsucht nach der heimat . : tongue : i think we can all take from this the importance of a good post title . yes , which brings us full circle . what fits our personality type to be fascinated by our personality type . : laughing : and fascinated is a much better word this is a deeper , somewhat random , question in regards to psychology and specifically infps . i find that of all the types infps are the most ( for the lack of a better word at the moment ) obsessed ... ಠ_ಠ smmalll fonnnttt your description of this guy makes me feel inadequately nice . : crying : couldn't say it better myself . :D be who you want to be , and people will gravitate regardless . ah solo-travel idealism ... when i travel i think about home , and when im home i think about travel ... but if you want uber alone just go campin dawg . :p roud : this was on reddit ... i applaud you sir people say i come off as an ass hole when they first meet me . : bored : it is ... nothing beats setting up your tent on the edge of a giant waterfall with jack dan ... a book .. * note * the sticks at the bottom are the size of a semi trailer . :D ... my body requires me to hike / travel / backpack on a regular basis , living in tennessee near the appalachian trail helps feed this .  ... wow i thought i was the only one . my dream world was epically complex , and i would just sit and zone out of my body into this world i created . it was the only way i really entertained my self as a ... hallo . : tongue : 5 ' 9 6000 lbs ... if your not interested she will be more interested . so be interested , and there wont be interest ... words are fun .. this is the sole reason i am fervent about the development of a real train system in the u . s . . there is nothing here in the south . id love to just relax on a quite train ... plus it would be cheaper ... when i was little i had , and still to some degree have , a deep fear of the phone.our dryer caught on fire , and i refused to call 911 . i eventually did but calling a stranger was the most terrifying ... prague is beautiful . very touristy imo but czech republic in general is great . i backpacked europe for about 3 months last summer , and i cant explain in words how much i love travel . im addicted to it ! whenever i get the chance i take little mini adventures to places around the ... i can completely relate , i am always restless . with friends , or just an environment that isnt stimulating . i usually just get in my car and drive off into nowhere . my friends get mad sometimes as i ... my friends always make fun of me because of my sensitivity , it doesnt bother me though . im proud of my empathy , even if i get called gay alot . : tongue : im oblivious to signals , unless someone came out and said they had an interest in me i would never know . : crazy : that only infps are saying what pisses them off about infps i <3 change : laughing : i have and am going to again , study abroad . i am addicted to it , its the most satisfying thing i have ever done and really opened my eyes to the world . i hate normalcy , and studying or just traveling ... gah im the opposite . i sucked in highschool , yet im thriving in college . highschool was way to repetitive for me and i had no motivation at all . the open schedules , and shorter days now help me ... i completely agree with the feeling your way into a city . frankfurt , germany for me . why ? i have no logical reason other than it feels right lol . : crazy : i'm the same way . i thinks its because society has trained me , as a male , to bury my emotions . many of my friends tell me i came off as an ass hole when they first met me . emotionally cold on the ... people have told me im very determined , in the sense that i have goals of which i actively pursue . and its one of the few things im proud of , i do what i say i'm going to do . i think when infps ... i have a pretty happy existence being who i am ... :p roud : i dont want to change myself , flaws and all .. i think the op was just stating the struggles that come with being an infp , especially a male ... i feel your pain bra i have and still get along better with people that are older than me . im 19 and some of my best friends are 23,27 , 35 . not to say i dont get along with people my age , but i like people with depth and ... my 2 best friends are istjs ( i guess that can be considered a relationship of sorts : laughing :) . while we are sort of an enigma towards each other we get along great , and enjoy just chilling ... i never expect what i do to be perfect . rather what i was saying , with the example of food , was that i seek perfection as in something beautiful perhaps . picturesque , i want ... yea , if i see to many people in a store during my scouting run i will pull a 360 and pretend i mistook this store for the bathroom . ahhhh ... run away i know right , if i could just somehow channel it into organizational skills ... maybe i too could finish the things that i sta '