' if i could just cease to exist , it'd be great . i know i'll never be happy , so why not be nothing at all . i have another unpopular thought i had to share . winter is my favorite season , and sometimes it really feels like i'm the only one who loves and appreciates the cold weather in all it's forms . i ... i called this guy i'm friends with a dick , except i think he deserved it so ... i really can't think of anything . i just don't do crazy bad things ... am i going to get banned for saying this ? i really don't like estps . the ones i've met so far are such utter fucking assholes . it really seems like they only care about themselves . i know they're not ... wow , i feel bad now , shouldn't you hate me for nagging you in that other thread ? haha no . fuck romance ever since i got put on a new medication to treat my depression , i've not been doing well at all . the ssri has given me horrible side effects that make it even harder for my already crappy digestive ... my stomach is hurting again . really bad . i'm so upset right now i can't formulate anything useful . reading all these stupid threads related to romance , flirting , and love is making me angrier / sicker ... no . it's doomed . lol at the person who picked 0 , probably not an infp ;p i don't like being infp at all , i wouldn't wish the curse on anyone . the only positive thing i can possibly imagine being the advantage is the fact that really awesome icons of society are also ... i'm not very well versed when it comes to cognitive functions . i can identify people's types , but i don't know all the individual functions themselves and what they entail . i mainly base everything ... i hate deviantart as well . what bothers me is everytime i go there , the front page has something sexual on it . swear on my life , always some cliche drawing of a girl with enormous breasts or ass . i'm ... i feel like an abnormal infp . i find myself easily drawn to estp , istp , ( hell even entp ) and just all around any ti dom person . i know from first hand experience that these types are difficult for me ... my apologies , i know my post jumped around a little when i made it . to be more specific , as an infp i'm extremely sensitive to what people say . even things that i shouldn't get offended over i take ... the crying thing has been an issue for me in the past , especially since i know ti dominant people seem to have this notion that crying is a sign of weakness , a form of attention seeking , and / or a ... i get that . that's why one of the things i hate the most about working with other people is they're never capable of attributing criticism in an effective way . for instance , a lot of people think ... i know you probably already got a sufficient answer , but i'll tack on my two cents just for the hell of it . lets assume the fat woman has low self esteem because she has already been dubbed as ... i read your whole thing and i don't know what to say . i'm at a loss for words . my sympathy goes out to you whether you want it or not . as infps i think we all end up harboring hatred for people we ... 677314 any one of these excluding the blue one . i'm not especially fond of blue now because everyone says that's ther favorite color and now it just feels completely over rated . grey on the ... somewhat unrelated question , but i thought you were an infj ? turned a new leaf , or am i seeing things lately ? : confused : i've been thinking about this for a little bit now , and i really just wanna come out and say it . as an infp , one of the things i hate most about being one is the way that i feel and interpret things ... what does that have to do with anything ? i barely know the istp in question , does that mean i'm not allowed to ask him simple questions ? you got mentally drained from reading four measly ... i question me being a feeler , when the sneeze comes around , someone says bless you and i don't thank them . i question me being a feeler , because very rarely can i muster a tear at anything ... at least you're honest about it . yeah i think you are a bit like the istp i know , and for me personally i understand now why he gets irritated when people have gone to talk to him about their ... i also have no problem with the looks matter sentiment . perhaps i was a tad bit thrown off by the t and a > intelligence one though . i mean if you're a ti , you must value some form of stimulating ... fair enough , i don't see it as being demanding , but i definitely think it's easier said than done . why though ? what if a person's true colors were ... grey . what if someone has their own issues that they deal with by themselves without including their loved ones ? for example , theoretically speaking , ... double post : frustrating : well , i suppose it makes sense . i mean , yeah i know istps are really visual people . it seems just so shallow though . i mean i'm not bad looking , but i'm not the most attractive person , or the ... as istps , hopefully i'll get some answers . i'm genuinely curious about what istps find attractive , admirable , or just in general things in a person that they regard positive ? please don't say ... at first it was difficult for me to tell , i realized when i was around him my heart would just race , my breathing would become ragged , and my normally casual speech patterns became awkward and shaky ... i do believe that infps have a way with words more so than many other types . it just seems like one of the types who has a natural talent for writing in a way that flows well . often times infps use ... i fell / have fallen hopelessly in love with what i believe to be an istp , and ever since i did he is always in the back of my mind . : frustrating : i have tried so hard to stop thinking about him , and ... the other half ... neutral ? or starting to get irritated because of this infp who just won't learn her lesson : rolleyes : as far as i can tell , more than half the people on this forum find me obnoxious , overwhelming , irritating , and pretty much retarded . except it isn't like that ... at all . but there is a difference between spitting logic and being condescending . same here , i pretty much choose not to eat in favor of doing everything else , then after the 500th time of hearing my stomach grumble with the most strange noises one could possibly have the ... i don't see the correlation , is an entj disliking an infp a common occurrence ? also , whew 1 less person to have to worry about being disliked by . i know your intentions are probably to help , but i don't know if you're going about it the right way . for example , i'm almost certain you aren't qualified to leap to such conclusions on school's ... literally nothing i already apologized , i'm not sure what more you want from me . i don't find you to be didactic in any sense of the word . at least dudeguy wasn't being an absolute dick to me about one stupid post on ... productive , irritated , maddening . : miserable : today i was just thinking about how i'm afraid of failing at things in front of people . i don't know if this is a subconscious fear straight from birth , or a developed fear as a result of past ... hmm , and this is why i was right about intp's not liking me . i don't belong in intp threads , because i'll say something wrong and get barked at . i don't consider myself an asshole for voicing my opinion in the way i did . i'm sorry if it came out that way ? i really don't think it was as offensive as you're insinuating . your mirrored version ... you are perfectly entitled to that opinion my friend , though i don't know what that last part is about . :p roud : i just don't really like it when someone assumes that because a person is incompetent in their job * they must be an infp * and also inquiring how can i handle this infp , implies that those of this ... my stomach now hurts ( not an unusual occurrence for me ) and my head is throbbing . i have mountains of work to do , and i feel like no one gives me any love ever . i must be unloveable . '