' either a huge city : there is anonymity nowhere else is , there is intangible beauty in the ugliness of megalopolis - maybe i'd want to live somewhere in asia if i just could get by ; or then i'd like ... fs are often described in a very moral and ' good person ' manner . i don't see this as very truthful or practical way of description , since i think fs , too , are more than capable of feeling dark , ... that is a very logical opinion , but it doesn't work that way for me . as long as there is something human i can relate to , i'm not afraid , since it is not unknown - for some reason my psyche works ... cruel . it seems i am asked for more letters , oh why . sound like scary nightmares those . i'm not afraid of darker aspects of human mind , since them i can understand . but supernatural - omfg , i become a bat box . i've interested in it , though , but i ... evil ! evil is another word for breakable and human . dark sides have more depth . my good side , light side is moralistic . upon learning to see this , i feel i have understood my life and my morals in ... i'm afraid right now :D i'm afraid of people with violent intentions towards me . i'm afraid of the supernatural even if i don't exactly believe in it and find ghosts rather a wistful than terrifying ... i'm not very sensitive . i have reasons to believe i am infj but i feel numb and incapable of recognizing my own or others ' feelings . i'm so late ; __ ; but i'm reading it right now and it struck to me how well mbti types fit for especially the two main characters ( heathcliff and catherine earnshaw / linton ) . enfj seems to fit ... i find this a really important topic to discuss here - - the ' caste system ' certainly exists at least on thought level . i guess it comes down to the superficial interpretations of different functions ; ... - i think it is liberal countries ' responsibility to stop injustice against women in some parts of the world . on with omission = act . messing with another country's politics can be justified . - ... i used to dress really casually / plainly , but then i got this friend who puts hugely lot of effort on her outlooks . through her eyes , i understood that how you make yourself seem can reflect what ... jeannette winterson's books have affected me greatly . their storytelling is vivid and intuitive and somewhat surreal - but there is always key and you have the key even if you can't decipher what it ... i wonder . i've read about many infjs having had few relationships . i've never had any myself , which i know is caused by complex issues i've had ... what kind of people do you tend to crush on ? could ... my greatest flaw is numbness - it causes me to be insensitive and it causes me anxiety . i wonder if it will be forever , though . my greatest strength is my nagging desire to find what is right . on this strange moment i desire nothing . i'm not sure if this is of any help , but - - why are you trying to ' improve ' so much for him ? is it because you love him so much that you're willing to adjust - or is it because he makes you feel so ... everything is possible with redefining . empirical is a delusion , mathematics are empirical .   ... and that makes me a little sad . i've been considering this a lot lately . i guess it could be summed up in being extremely aware of something . it can be a thought , a dream , an emotion , a sensation . i rarely reach this state , since ... my type is - probably - infj , leaning to the ethical / sp-wannabe subtype . i guess i'm quite fascinated by nts , but sometimes my tendency to be really touchy about intelligence gets in the way , ie i ... i'm actually already discussing this in another thread but ... i find it hard to grasp . does this mean the need to make the possibly subjective objective ? i . e . i read fe users need objective ... that makes a lot of sense . thank you . :) i'm doing right now some further reading into the mbti theory ; it helps a lot to see how different appearances one trait can have . well purely ocd is j-like , but i have a crazy vegan - type of ocd which for example used to lead to inability to keep my environment tidy because i couldn't move objects ( what if some bug is left ... i find dark or twisted things highly intriguing . there has to be a balance , though - i don't like melodramatic dark ( like , suicide into a freezing river in the middle of the night ) or exaggeratedly ... i've always had a life plan , usually quite specific one . when things don't go the way i hoped they would , i'm left feeling empty and dissatisfied ( even though nowadays i've sometimes found that the ... i used to be very neat and tidy ( but that was later ruined by compulsion x ); with the time i'd say i've never used it well ... there's something inherently rigid in me , but i guess that could also ... actually j / p is quite hard to determine for me - - at one time i used to be a clear p , but when i was younger , it would have definitely been j . i think this has to do a lot with what i value / valued ... um , i'm aware there are a lot of these personal topics here - - i've tried to test and analyze and i've read a lot about my possible types , but nothing fits exactly . also , i've done testing so much ... hm , that was actually really helpful - - i get entp almost as much as enfp and my f and t are quite close to each other . so maybe it's that i'm enough t to not really consider the emotional response ... i have a history of anxiety disorders and i find my personality having changed on more superficial , more recognizable levels . i've used both introversion and extraversion as coping mechanisms to the ... enfps are often described as socially adept , but even though i test as enfp and identify with other aspects of the type , i'm really bad human-wise . i tend to appear as brash and childish , and i ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? you come up with something nice . * male / female / trans ? female * location - finland '