' i went with gigantic because what a gas it was to see him get 46 notifications gigantic fixed . not banned ... just mia . glitchy forum is glitchy . post it here and i'll try and get it going for you . slap more people more often because you will regret not living in the moment later . fff her wit was noteworthy and she could sure cut through all the crap . barbecue . let me count the ways it won't work omg i'm sick again 1001 ways to laugh your way through hell is it poop or chocolate ? the mother diaries who started it ? ; confessions of an online mod i've moved this to support and suggestions as it's a technical matter rather than a moderating one . there have been threads that have been moved by moderators but also there has been work done ... due to a standard not met by members in the current events and debate section we are imposing a time out . staff have increasingly had to pore over those two sections , whilst being spammed in the ... you're fine . the politics in australia as always are out shadowed by the ridic us politics . if anyone is to disagree we usually don't start name calling , in preference to ahhh well . woops . you weren't even exaggerating . thanks for the heads up . also you can report the individual posts by hitting the report button at the bottom of each post - it will take you to ... sorry i didn't answer this sooner . no notifications apart from the thank notification ( thank you gotterdammerung ) so far but i can access the admin panel . isn't this exciting ? vs is vertical ... it isn't worthwhile to post any more threads in public complaints if you can read here . vs have been alerted . sorry about the error but there really isn't much for moderating staff to do but ... time for a breather always ! i'm reminded of the day the pizza guy asked me out . so uncomfortable , standing at the door dressed in my fluffy onesie with a monster face on the hood all expectant of a smooth exchange of goods ... will you take in a refugee admin in the entj section ? i'll bring the gin . https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcTP8Fj3nLy7XQPHHB3i_3kCe8o9MRDroQP3X8mU2JVJw08vCwQD closed as sweetish pointed out - you can fix it by changing your view of posts in threads . go to general settings and scroll down until you see number of posts per page > change it to 30 or 40 . all married to the job . i have no wits left , they've been sharpened to the nub . they are more like whims that look like pebbles you might find in a river bed . i can still throw them at people though . #frostyforadmin #redisthenewpurple [ quote = livingwaters ; 3516813 7 ] geez calm down . i liked your explanation . etc . it just wasn't responsive really , and i'm christian and want everyone to be that way ( obviously ) . i'm human too . it isn't a ... yes i do actually expect some form of mutual understanding if you are to keep quoting me , in either of the form of questions or comprehension . i was posting in plain english and if you wanted to ask ... you what ? you think i'm talking about your god but i'm not . i'm talking about us being human , what is in our brain and what is in our genetics to try and make sense of the world . something ... are you talking to me ? it might be that you missed the point in post # 228 and preferred to talk about christianity instead of the topic you created ... perhaps . i answered that in the first post you quoted from me ( post 228 ) . you don't have to have an absence of hope , ethics and humility simply because you don't believe in god . navigating your own path ... nope . we are talking about atheism and debating whether it's boring or not . you should know this . it's your thread . because you quoted the text that explains how i've not really been interested in reading books that i don't find interesting and we talked before that about how i was not enthused by the art ... why would you think that ? i kinda wonder why you broke that down to simply saying it wasn't fun when it really wasn't the gist i was getting at . anyway , i saw the blurbs of fifty shades of grey and the twilight series and ... i think atheism is exciting . you get to navigate your own standards of kindness , ethics and values and ponder that unknowable thing you know is there , not because a formal entity told you to . ... not with that many posts . that name is in use . reopened be noice . someone in front of you in peak hour traffic that gives 2 car spaces room to the front of him for no good reason , leaving you with people crossing at the lights in front of you . * ( i've exchanged ... this is why we can't have pretty things . it's a pity there is no insurance coverage for setting your house alight after you found rats in your roof . yeah mine does the drop and smear with skinks ( another small lizard ) doesn't eat them . they must have some kind of au de cologne for dog effect . my dog won't eat that many strange things . doesn't have pica i don't think . like , she'll eat other animals poop but she distinguishes . lol . i saw her trying to scrape peacock poop off concrete ... why does my dog eat my toenail clippings ? https://scontent-syd2-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/17353656_1933789683522189_7498749168283225693_n.jpg?oh=47f8e14382b01bbd9f8a134fdfda5ab9&oe=5968CE02 closed i can't remember a single scenario where i've actually had a die hard whiny friend , that's not to say that any might have a bent to whine . i've sat at the hospital bedside after suicide attempts and ... all slaves by any other name to hydra . did someone mention a private blog ? taken from first post . nein . i can't recycle that name . ninet , nine 9 , nine 0 can be done or any other original prefix or suffix that has no special characters ( ie ^ _ . ) . edit to add the nine . '