' thank you . there's no way he's an infp . phil is an infp and they are not the same type . they are so different , and the difference between them is the difference between an infj and an infp ( but don't ... yes i am . see but he gathers reason more from in his head than the outside world , which backs up ni . and infjs can totally be fully present when with other people because of our fe and our self-awareness . keep ... not necessarily . exactly he acts like an infj . but it's also ni . like she said , making the connections between thoughts is more ni . they're actually pretty hard to distinguish between when we break them down to this level , but dan is such an ni ... ok that's fine . you are completely entitled believe whatever you want to believe . see he and i are exactly the same lol ( which is never a good reason to type someone but it's just interesting how some infjs can be exactly the same and others are different but we all still have so ... see he and i are exactly the same lol ( which is never a good reason to type someone but it's just interesting how some infjs can be exactly the same and others are different but we all still have so ... don't know why that posted twice sorry please read this discussion or go to the dan howell thread if you want reasoning as to why is he an infj ( unless you are just content with your opinion because i completely understand that and i know ... please read this discussion or go to the dan howell thread if you want reasoning as to why is he an infj ( unless you are just content with your opinion because i completely understand that and i know ... ok first i just want to start by saying thank you for being so nice and respectful . i am always a bit scared on here because people can be harsh , so kindness makes discussion a lot easier . lol i ... you have arrived yes exactly you know me so well i am impressed my infp child he has confirmed this in liveshows on multiple occasions and has openly admitted to being an introvert , literally saying i wouldn't say i'm extroverted , i'm definitely introverted . he does not get ... thank you . he is 100 % an infj there is no question . sookie seems like a classic enfj to me will : entj ( i totally get arguments for intj but he just seems so te dom and his fi seems last ) simon : isfp jay : estp neil : esfp simon : infp nathan : entp kelly : intj curtis : isfp alisha : esfp rochester is an entp just to add dan is an infj and phil is an infp . dan is so freaking intuitive and needs structure and organization . phil is spontaneous and doesn't plan ever . yes he is an introvert and fe user . dan is an infj in every way i have pages of reasoning on his thread if you want an explanation . he is definitely and introvert and judging ( although the j isn't strong for infjs ) and he uses so much ... see i understand arguments for infp completely , but when i compare twenty one pilots to other infp bands , there is such a clear difference for me . all infj bands very specifically have extremely sad ... yes needing to hear both sides is so very fe which is why you see it a lot in entps . it is , however , more of an infj trait because entps are known for arguing and needing their side to be the right ... yup . ben is definitely an enfj and mal is an intj . ok i want add that jack howard is an enfp and i'm pretty sure bribry and dodie are enfjs . troye seems like an isfp . maybe estp for caspar ? isfp for joe sugg ? thoughts ? i know , doesn't pj come off as intuitive ? i was initially surprised when i saw everyone typing him as an isfp and then i thought about it and realized he is quite the isfp . first off , just the title ... dan is an infj . he is fe over fi and ti over te and he is definitely a feeler . he's an infj . there is no question . charlie is an infp . pj is an isfp . other than that , i think i agree ( from the ... here is just what i was thinking : stiles : entp lydia : entj derek : intj scott : isfp allison : isfj malia : istp kira : isfj ? maybe isfp ? not 100 % sure melissa : enfj liam : isfp ? oh my god thank you literally the whole time i was watching the liveshow i was just like dan you are such an infj i agree with everything here but dan is definitely an introvert . he has said he is an introvert and has made that very clear . he is fe heavy but dominated by ni . he's one of those infjs with ... my best advice would be to not look for a relationship . relationships need to be natural and are more likely to happen if you don't look for them . you always need to find a way to be happy with ... yes exactly what i was thinking . if anything , infjs have more practicality . this post is a duplicate an is also in the nf forum ( sorry i don't know how to delete things ) . he seems fe dom to me but i can see where you would get infj because we are pretty similar to enfjs ( obviously not exactly the same though ) . why do you think ni dom ? ok so i've thought about this a lot . like ... a lot . dead poets society : mr . keatingx 97enfj toddx 97infp neilx 97enfj ; most people say enfp which i understand completely , but his personality as a whole is ... exactly . all of these mistypings are the results of misconceptions and subjectivity . he is an infj and anyone who looks at it analytically and logically can see that . thank you . he is an infj and this thread is making me so angry . he took it and got infj :) i understand where you are coming from , but i am an infj and i have absolutely no idea what i'm doing with my life and i'm just going to college just because . infjs are probably one of the least ... ok so i've thought about this a lot . like ... a lot . dead poets society : keatingx 97enfj toddx 97infp neilx 97enfj ; most people say enfp which i understand completely , but his personality as a whole is ... yeah the language is definitely difficult . it is my favorite book series , but it took me a while to get really into and it is a very slow read . you have to really , really love the story to get into ... infj — demons i certainly wouldn't mind ( thank you so much for asking nicely , i really appreciate it :) ) . first off , there is no question that he is dominanted by intuition . he has that sixth sense of ... rachelx 97enfj finnx 97isfp willx 97enfj emmax 97i thought maybe infj but i have seen arguments for isfj . kurtx 97infp blainex 97enfp suex 97intj i could see billie as an entp i always thought intp , but my second guess was infj and third was intj . drones seems very intp , as do most of their other albums , but i can see arguments for any inxx , really ( amazing band whatever ... i see your point . it definitely does have to do with empathy rather than functions , so bad example on my part . that moment was obviously very nf and not specifically fe . he just feels extremely enfj ... harry is such an infp can we be honest . dumbledore is an infj . book hermione is an istj and movie hermione was supposed to be one , but emma watson is an infj and put a lot of herself into that ... '