' hello , do you take these forums and threads seriously ? let's take it a step further : do you take mbti seriously ? just curious . thanks for the response ( s ) . haha .. i read that : how do infps make decisions and plan their weddings ? :D naaah , being a newb gives you a free pass to be bad at things without getting scolded . because remember - newb . :D a cartoon from my childhood ! :D welcome . :) yellow ! :D tip number 1 : don't watch them . tip number 2 : oh wait .. nevermind . :D my dog gave me his chew-toy . he never does that ... o . o horror stuff always makes me uncomfortable . :/ i just may be a chipmunk who likes cheese with avocado . :D evolution ? :D he's showing you his resources and that he can provide for your children . :D suffering . trying to finish a paper on political economy . i find it boring . still need 400 words . meh ... knowledge , like any other tool , is a power if you know how to use it . i think it's a well-known thing . you know , to distract themselves from their own problems . :/ sad that they distract themselves and project their pain through bullying though . wish it was art or ... don't depend on other people too much . have faith in yourself . you can also be strong . no , i haven't asked a man out . :D welcome . oh hail ! to the beauty of silence ! : blushed : a = accuaintance i barely see who was passing by at my work m = me * a few minutes ago * a walking by : a : you going to the festival ? m : ? m : oh , that one . no . a : you know it's the last huge ... it's such a drag to get to the shower . but you have to do what you have to do . think it has to do with being a sloth / lazy than personality type . an opportunity for adventure with a high possibility of death but also thrill and excitement and probably a lot of despair and existential crisis later where one has a slight chance to save it all ? ... wikipedia . the free encyclopedia . 9gag made me smile today . haaa ! ! ! i once had a dream like that ! in my dream i saw a guy and we fell in love and all that jazz . when i woke i thought i'll never forget this dream , or how he looks , or what he says and maybe ... did i miss something ? o . o and hello . so one day i was playing an mmorpg and after creating the * perfect * character i was asked to give it a name . this is what i spontaneously came up with . i liked it a lot , so ive been owning it in ... yes , yes , yes . these are my thoughts exactly ! we have a lounge ! * runs around crazily inside the room * quick , someone make food , get the games , get the portals to other dimensions and storylines , set ... my first date ever happened in mcdonalds . no date happened at mc donalds again . i watch movies or spend time on the internet . i do that when i'm not sad too , so ...  .. . :D .. right . some people are funny . especially those who take things way too seriously . thank you for cheering me up every day . :D seriously . :p roud : intp huh ? i like it that whenever i think of an intp , i imagine a person on a porch laying down with arms behind their head looking up in the clear blue sky , watching clouds . just chilling . feels ... i don't like it when people do this . not at all . because then i either not do what i was ordered to or do it but only after the person who told me to do it forgot about it . :D .. if i'm ordered by ... i'm pretty flexible when it comes to jokes / humor . :D .. final fantasy vii advent children . :D most similar to : spiderman ( peter parker ) yoda albus dumbledore luke skywalker joey tribianni enfp . because of your account name . :) well , right now i'm wearing these ( there's a bit of a difference but it's the best i can find ): ... that's sad . and it's not like you can just replace the bird with another ... i don't know what to do in this situation .. what will you do ? oh no ... : crying : what happened ? you ok ? the first one cracked me up ! :D :D :D i love that quote : be the person your dog thinks you are . i really do . 64 % infp 11 % infj 11 % isfp 5 % enfp 4 % intp yeah , that's why i asked . :D i'll stick around this thread . been wanting good movie suggestions for a long time now . thanks infj's ! :D i like you for liking never let me go ! :D the horror part . :D nah .. i don't watch horror movies . i googled : kevjumba is a heterosexual bear wrestler a banana ! and i want a piece of pie and a nice veggie dish that would have a cheesy flavor to it . but i still have an hour to go until lunch time . :( i'm working at the reception right now , browsing the web , remembering how i messed up a bit today and being thankful that i'll get a piece of pie from a friend tomorrow at around 2pm . life's good . :) i bet you're right . '