inconsiderate is a word i see thrown around a lot on this forum , as well as generally describing men and using he pronouns or implying males - and to touch on the inconsiderate part i think it'd be ... when i was little i wanted to be an archaeologist then a marine biologist then a detective and now a writer ( i actually still want to be all these things ) i guess i must be extremely picky ? i meet people and i know , just know , they aren't it . they may be for someone else but not for me . and at the moment i think i have a lot of growing to do before i ... when it comes to be serious time you fuckers have a difficult time with that but i love you anyway <3 : i truuu isn't the motivation power ... pansexual and even if i did fall for someone society might consider it wrong for me too i wouldn't give a damn , but i would be upset if they made my partner upset and this part is for everyone ... i dunno what you're talking about i love entjs but it makes me a little sad that you guys are so power hungry i literally can not fathom why you care about something so trivial and so often it ends ... dear entjs , you and me together could probably take over the world i mean think about babe we're pretty much perfect together 91683 just think about it * wink sincerely , intps it might sound callous but weak willed people don't have my respect betrayal , i can't stand betrayal it's like playful ribbing yeah , also entjs are just so darned cute what with their powerhungry tyranical selves and whatnot if you want to engage in a relationship with an intp be bold and honest don't beat around the bush things are just 1000 % more easy that way . unless we are well versed in reading people we aren't ... not gonna lie , i still find the aquatic ape a huge possibility after all 90 % of the ocean is still unexplored right ? awww but on the subject of being shy and scared to do something , i find that the less i care the more bold i am ? apathy breeds boldness , but perhaps if you were apathetic about it then what ... http://media.tumblr.com/1053fca03fd439bb561d810166d083f6/tumblr_inline_mpwcb6vavJ1r7vkfc.png mind you i am usually a day late or a day early because i'm horrible with remembering what day it is ... the entj and intp are alone , either relaxing or the entj is doing paperwork or something easy enough - casual setting but a little serious and quiet at least i still have both hands http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XEEnRQLTRBA best buy , for 10 bucks ! i wear it everywhere , my friend and i pretend that she is the woman king of westeros and i the hand it's so much damn fun . oh my god this isn't even a debate 4 hrs / week with 40k hands down even if you enjoy your work , which is the preferable outcome , there are still going to be things you can't do while at work that ... by the power of greyskull a few pictures of me on my tumblr i'm in love with the idea of an entj boyfriend , wish they had a thread to find those - in any case i'm usually either at the library or volunteering at the humane society ooo my friend and i just start churning out ideas together and we both add on to them or tweak them and things just get so out of hand you wouldn't believe the things we come up with - of course ... what would happen if a good intp friend or lover of yours put a flower crown on your head ? just without warning and out of the blue . and then acted like nothing was out of the ordinary and went back ... my ( 1 of 2 ) good friends is an entp and can i just say holy shit you guys make the best friends for intps ? i know i only have one person as an example but it seems to me like we are mostly the same ... http://www.bureauofcommunication.com/newbocpreview.php?&toFieldInput=Their%20email%20address&fromFieldInput=Your%20email%20address&reFieldInput=Official%20Notice%3A%20Statement%20of%20Gratitude&addToA ... http://i1098.photobucket.com/albums/g361/that_one_guy701/gifs/iminlesbianswithyou.gif haha ! oh geez that one was hilarious , especially the line where it says ' at least you're pretty ' . i've ... thank you <3 http://i1098.photobucket.com/albums/g361/that_one_guy701/gifs/tumblr_m136s69Vxw1qkhnpp.png hm , while i certainly have no business here in the entj section in terms of giving advice , i do feel ... oh wow haha ! thanks all the same <3 if i don't go out i might not even wear proper pants or change from my pjs , due to hygiene though i am clean . just , pants are for squares ok ? as for my manner of dress , i love retro . and i pay ... well , it was an example my friend sent me , so you'd have to complain to them :P , but yeah , a bunch of blank ones in the website for marriage proposals , thank you's , apologies , for your neighbor etc ... http://i1098.photobucket.com/albums/g361/that_one_guy701/INTP.png this site the bureau of communication - fill-in-the-blank correspondence is something i found rather amusing ! it seems like it ... while i don't generally like politics i find myself studying them and paying attention . for instance it is illegal for me to construct a chimera in the state of az . now my dreams of being a mermaid ... this is most encouraging , means i'm not hopeless yet . now to just observe ... i don't live in kansas ! haha , misunderstanding . i live on the west coast , where people would riot should such a thing happen . i do have a family member in london though , and boy let me tell you , ... you are rightfully so giving me a hard time ! i'm only in the ' omg is this real ? let me find a few sources . ' stage of this subject . i haven't properly researched it enough but the information you just ... ah yes i was referring to intimacy , because i'm 19 and have yet to ever become attached to anyone in such a manner , and while this at times does not bother me in the least , it does beg the question ... maybe i worded that wrong , the county can't afford to prosecute misdemeanors , so they are bumping it to the city courts , but city courts can't afford it either . and as for having to do with the ... so what have been your personal experiences with intps ? my hobbies are fickle , i get interested in one thing then move on when bored with it . well i'm a female and i use primarily male avatars . i think it might have something to do with the fact that i like looking at their nice looking faces ? it might be vice versa for the guys ? ... tch , never judge a book by its movie . mine is an anime character for a shonen manga , this manga is like a fun , action pack halloween-town type of thing . he's an adaption of the frankenstein monster and the doctor combined . i ... both rather useless cars in my opinion . but i guess a ferrari , so i can sell it . boom . typing . i would have thought that to be obvious ... i hate perfume , i like lotion instead , more subtle and pleasant . i like one's that smell ' fresh ' , like baby lotion or cucumber . i don't want to lead people so stop trying to put me in leading positions ! ever damn time you do that i freeze up and my mind goes blank . and do you know how troublesome being a leader is ? all that ... thank you ! speaking of legislature , right now i am slightly ( heavily ) alarmed at the condition of women's rights at the moment . in topeka kansas the budget is so bad that they dropped misdemeanors to the state ... ok , so i've been to different sites and the ' optimal ' lover for an entj on some of them ( not all , for some reason it varies , using different algorithms probably . i should look into that shouldn't i ? ) ...