' i know 3 cats . one of them is very definitely an e . will throw himself at quite literally anyone . gets in my car sometimes . e * fp ? one of them is very aloof and will only come to you if he feels ... i definitely feel they are doing both of those things - putting words in my mouth and then twisting them , completely changing the meaning . and yes , they want me to change to their way of thinking ... massive argument with esfj mother and istj sister re casual relationships and how i can't do it and how i don't understand those who do because they are just superficial and a waste of time / energy ... ooh thank you for the recommendation ! : smile : always like to add to my book pile ! :D daiz to save me hijacking this entire thread with my ridiculous story , i will pm you : smile : hope this will be okay :) thank you for this :) this is a lovely insight into the infj from a different perspective :) and lipstick on a pig is just genius and i have never come across that saying before ! : smile : i can relate to this so much . recently i sent my friend quite an open and honest email about a topic we have been discussing recently . this email contained some very open and honest and personal ... i want to play ! : smile : name something that : - your favourite place in your city : i don't know if i have one : shocked : i guess i could say i like going for walks , usually when it's dark , and ... no thankfully i am the oldest : tongue : although i think she thinks she is sometimes :D haha how long have you got ? : shocked : seriously , i won't bore anyone with the whole story , but the ... purplecakebatter i love your signature / quote : smile : apparently i am lawful good ... lawful good - a lawful good character acts as a good person is expected or required to act . he combines a commitment to oppose evil with the discipline to fight ... weeknights i average about 7 . i should probably go to bed earlier but don't always manage it . sunday nights 5 hours at most . i just don't sleep . i think it's the excitement ( or lack thereof ) of ... i agree that nts are easier than sts . sister is istj and boy isn't she an istj . she is also one of the few people i can actually talk to , and who will give an honest response . nt ... the bane of ... if my friend m turns up at my friend e's birthday this friday night , after initially having blown us off for a new group of friends , only to brag about a potential new boyfriend mere weeks after ... this was me , last week . i eventually did cry , and then cried so much i became exhausted and slept for 10 and a half hours . i don't think people realise what they do to us sensitive souls . i'm ... when you despair at the state of the world , and every day it gets worse . i realise you wrote this a month ago , and i'm sorry but i haven't been on perc anywhere near as much as i should have been . i am just scrolling through things i have missed and saw this and wanted ... : happy : i've been away for a while and recently started lurking again ... i think i might be going mad , but i swear i saw a thread on here in the last few days on the topic of something like do you ... just love clashing with my very opinionated boss and being told off in front of the rest of the team : rolleyes : i think there are two reasons i feel utterly stressed out and unable to get any of my work done whilst at work . 1 . of the 7.5 hour day , i would say i probably work for about 3-4 of them . the rest ... i would also echo having the zero option . i'm much more of a night person than i am a morning person . when it comes to sleeping , the darker and quieter the better . being on holiday with family ... i could have written this : hug : sometimes i think i wouldn't mind being an intj . warweasel - so apt that you should be the post above mine , as you are intj . just wanted to say that i love your avatar and signature ; huge fan of ... i saw this while gatecrashing the intj forum and thought i'd start the same thread here for us :) sorry if this has already been done ! so , how often do you go out ? by go out , i'm meaning ... the one time i tested differently , it was as enfj . my j is too strong for me to test as infp : tongue : ah , istj , why oh why can't you see anything from anyone else's perspective . i don't want to share a hotel room with someone from work who i barely know . yes , i know it will keep the cost down . but ... don't stand there looking at me while talking to someone else and waiting for me to look up and acknowledge you . i've seen you . don't you understand that if i look at you , i will see everything . i ... thank you : happy : i say be honest . not too hard and not too gently - like you say , too gently then she might not see how it is hurting you . too hard and it won't help anyone . i can imagine it is ... much like lavendersnow , i am an infj regardless of what i want . i took the test twice over the period of a couple of years . i didn't know anything about mbti ; again , i didn't go into it knowing what ... i read this and had to reply . i have been in this exact same position , the only difference being i'm a girl and he's the guy in a relationship . word for word it is exactly the same as you have ... just checked my last 2 mbti tests and they show 78 % and 62 % introverted ( both tests done on the same day . ) i myself would put it at the higher % on most days . this quote i have included above , ... when an istj tells you that you don't think about other people ... : frustrating :: dry : i used to be extremely tolerant with listening to other people's problems . one particular day , however , i spent 8 hours ( one of those in a car ) with a colleague ( we were attending a meeting ) and she ... i'm allergic to cats , and am discovering now that i may also be allergic to dogs . i do , however , infinitely prefer both of them to people . i would probably say dogs , because we've always had dogs in ... you spend 4 weeks waiting for a day to yourself , then finally get said day only to spend the first half of it moping that you're at home alone with no plans , then someone texts you and you're like ... why can't i say no to people ? waiting for a summons to the pub when i could have been to the supermarket and back , had a shower and been in my pyjamas with a cup of tea and a book . i will also echo the damn se theme ... : exterminate : having just hit 30 last month , i don't know if i really qualify as an ' older ' infj ( or even as over - 30 ! ) but here it is anyway : no one , but no one , knows what they are doing . ( really . no one . ) that despite appearances , i haven't got it all figured out and am not the font of knowledge they may believe me to be . i'm making it up as i go along ! istj by any chance ? my sister is exactly the same : tongue : just recently i have had 2 different colleagues say the following things to me : i bet when you were at school you were one of those girls who liked to gossip and talk through lessons but somehow ... because i do not have anyone in real life i feel i can talk to about the things that really matter to me , or the problems that really bother me . because the world is exhausting . because i ... sorry for double-posting . nightsong , i just wanted to say i haven't skipped over your reply to my post . i want instead to write you a pm but don't yet have enough posts : rolleyes : so bear with ... i both agree and disagree with this . i fully advocate positive thinking and will admit that i have fallen in the trap of prolonged negative thinking ( is that the ni-ti loop ? anyway . ) i've got ... if my boss really were an introvert ( and an infj , as she claims ) then surely , surely she would stop forcing myself and my introverted colleague to mingle and network and surely wouldn't grate on ... when you attend an absolutely outstanding and inspiring 2 day course at work , which includes a section on mbti , and you still come out as infj despite not taking the quiz but focussing instead on the ... i could have written this . i couldn't believe it when i logged on just now and read this - i have been umming and ahhing about how to write my very own post , or indeed if i should write my own post . i ... this . i've come to realise this in the last couple of years , and i've been called on it at work for being so negative / pessimistic , but i see it as realistic . one thing that constantly irks me is ... when you join an infj forum and write a bit about yourself as an introduction and then worry that you're not coming across as the real you but rather are writing as some sort of persona of yourself ... hi everyone * waves * so i'm going to fill this out instead of doing what i should be doing . i'm new here after having lurked for about ... 2 years ? personal ~ * name - my name is jess and it ... '