' i am a crazy guy who would sing random songs despite being a terrible singer . i have no sense of what i should and shouldn't do socially ( in other words , i will play with dolls and enjoy things that ... i love being touched . hugs , pats on the shoulder , pats on the back , holding my hand , whatever . i love human contact . i'm the only person in my family who likes it , but luckily , i have a very good ... 1 - what have you tried ? only cannabis 2 - how long / often do or did u do it ? twice a month when my anxiety gets bad . 3 - which is your favorite ? i have only tried cannabis . i prefer the edibles . i ... this isn't exactly personality ( though sort of is ) , so i'm putting it here . it's about socializing , or lack of socializing as this case is . here's the idea . extroverts like myself prefer to be ... i use tons of emoticons because i love using emoticons . i did it even before i knew my personality type . : tongue : i sometimes worry that i'm annoying my friends . i think annoying people can be in any personality type , and being annoying is relative . one person may find my laugh amusing while another may find it ... http://i.imgur.com/zeBiQvs.jpg the analysis things keep demanding cursive ... i can't write cursive that well ! i wrote print ! :D i found out while i was being introspective . ( being introspective is stereotyped as an introvert trait . hehe . ) i found out that while i am alone most of the time , i actually imagine there are ... i don't know how to quote . i'm a perceiver , and i'm not lazy . i do have a goal , but i'm more flexible . my goals have changed as my life changed . if i can no longer write , i will find another goal ... extroverted : definitely sensing : considering how she's aware of her surroundings , especially when training , it makes sense . feeling : she just seems to go by her her heart . i don't know . ... blythe : infj russel : intj sunil : istp vinnie : esfp zoe : esfj pepper : enfj minka : enfp penny ling : isfp note : i actually see blythe as an ambivert . also , i'm going from memory of the characters . a car that runs on solar power and can store the energy from the sun when it's not in use . so you can drive it at night . then there is a backup engine for when you are driving at night and run out of ... isfp just a guess . rarity enfj pinkie enfp applejack estj rainbow dash esfj twilight istj fluttershy isfj spike entp apple bloom esfp scootaloo esfp sweetie belle infp pinkie pie mlp randomly singing loves sweets loves making people happy can be annoying loves the color pink hyper crazy genius who looks incompetent happiness is a feeling you control . the only one who can choose when you're happy is you . don't blame others for your sadness , even if that's the easy way . you can be happy , you will find a way . ... i'm surprised no one thinks i'm gay . i get called gay all the time , but that's because i'm a brony and nothing to do with how i express myself ( you know , trolls . ) i don't know anyone who actually ... calm down ! what ? slow down and repeat yourself . quit being overly sensitive . what are you on ? you're crazy . i like you . i'm not sure if these are commonly said to typical ... shy enfps unite ! ! ! welcome to this forum . trans_world_wide | zazzle.com store i completely agree with jensei . you sound infj . i won't go into detail on that because he already did that . i know this post is very late , but i still want to answer . i'm enfp , and even though it doesn't look like it on here , i have bad social anxiety . i'm only 19 , so i'm still in my teen years ... shut up ! you talk too much and you're strange are commonly said to me . enfp with : 1 . i can't take criticism . 2 . i hate being hated 3 . i love attention . 4 . i'm narcissistic . 5 . i'm very melodramatic 6 . i'm very loud . 7 . i am very moody pinkie pie . definitely pinkie pie . i had croissant pizzas ! i'm bottle feeding my best friend . ( she has adult baby syndrome . she wants me to do this ) most people don't understand that i am capable of knowing the difference between fantasy and reality ! of course unicorns don't fart rainbows ! they fart candy ! come on people ! ( seriously though , i ... so even though i hate last minute changes , i'm a perceiver ? ah ! thanks . sorry . these stuff confuse me . not right now . i don't know much about you to make a decision . banned for wanting senpai to notice you . i am laying down with my laptop on me on personality cafe and talking to my best friend and a chat . if this thread exists , i apologize . odie : ( anatolian shepard + something else ): esfp sheba ( baset hound ): intp winter wrap up is coming up at least ! : happy : the friend part is one of the reasons i question if i'm enfp . maybe i'm an extrovert intuitive feeling perceiving person with enfj traits ? i'm easy ... hello ! welcome to personality cafe ! i have you have fun ! : th_jtteglad : auditory : 35 % visual : 30 % tactile : 35 % i retain information best by listening and doing . reading and doing won't have the same effect , though . if you want to teach me something new , it's best if ... twilight : istj rarity : enfj applejack : estj pinkie pie : enfp rainbow dash : estp fluttershy : isfp spike : enfp they may or may not fit the stereotypes . i made my decisions by breaking down ... pinkie's welcome song lyrics welcome welcome welcome a fine welcome to you welcome welcome welcome i say how do you do ? welcome welcome welcome i say hip hip hurray welcome welcome welcome to this fine place today ! ... i walked into the room and watched the eyes gaze upon me . with my head held high with confidence , i sat next to the boss . my papers were scattered within my bag , so i hoped that the wouldn't be ... i don't have children , and i probably never will , but if i did , i will be strict enough to make sure they aren't misbehaving too much , but i would be laid back enough so that they don't have to be ... 280506 hello ! enjoy your stay and your pizza ! after you're done , i will make you chocolate chip cookies ! i love you too ! : kitteh : we're going to be best friends ! * hugs you * hello ! it does suck . how do i manage it ? i pretend i'm not alone . i will project my thoughts outward or pretend i'm multiple people or talk to my tulpae or even animate objects . i wonder how the op ... extroverts easily making friends is a stereotype . there are introverts who can easily make friends and extroverts who are very shy . i happen to be a very shy extrovert . * hugs you tightly * i only have one friend . a lot of people don't take the time to get to know me . ( meaning they don't even try because i'm not exactly hard to get to know . ) i really want more friends , though . i do ... i understand the extroverted , intuitive , and feeling . the perceiving vs judging is what i struggle with . i get enfp on just about every test . here's the problem . i don't plan , but i hate ... i used to stand , but i started sitting when i started using toilets that flush automatically when you stand up . wiping seems to be much better with sitting , too . now , the only reason i would stand is ... '