' i used to suffer from taphophobia but it was with being buried in a casket . i blame that all on keifer sutherlands movie . the one true phobia i have now is thalassophobia but actually being in ... me . if i have changed myself , i have changed the world . jesus may actually have used that opportunity to bring up a topic of discussion amongst everybody . that's kinda how he rolled . taking advantage of every moment . for the original poster , perhaps ... one thing that worked for me was a comment that one person said to me when i was there for only about a month . i had already been sold on the teaching , never before had i been to a church were i did ... i hate cats , yet when kittens they are ok .   ... except the cheetah , my favorite animal . perhaps because it is more like a dog is some instances ( no retractable claws ) . i really like dogs . the ... yes , procrastination can be the death of me , but its amazing in crunch-time how the focus turns into a laser beam and i can multitask about 50 different things at the same time ... and still keep tabs ... so cal is nice where i am , but i would like to retire to ... ghana classic photo . i too took a pic with this same shirt , although no death stare . i was already programmed for the back of milk cartons smiles . 13312 bh'ram and nhala ( brother & sister ) i recently had an american staffordshire mix .. but lost her to a speeding vehicle that she darted in front of when my back was turned . i now have to pups ( brother and sister ) of which breed i dont ... inland empire of california yes . i really have to work on not being like that with my kids . bad daddy . i have to remember to find that reason for connection and embellish with them . ... in certain high school classrooms , i was the jokester , however not the class clown , i didn't get in trouble . half of those times i had the teacher chuckling . i get told so many times how dry my humor is , but i concur with being very funny as well . sometimes i have to be more blatant with it , and about 60 % i have to say i'm joking ! , i think i kinda like ... i've made it my goal to real the top 100 books , probably just sticking with american novels , minus something like the art of war or something . the question is , how much of an error or injustice or ... ... loved the grapes of wrath , it sucked me into that period . lord of the flies was captivating and 1984 i'd want to read again . wife yes , it would be nice . mine is about average , but she turned out to be an astute learner and hard studier . she picks it up . with friends , not so much , but if they have passion for something ; ... yes , office space ! blue , however lately within the last year i have fallen victim to sneak attacks of burnt orange . i'll buy something , take it home and wham ! suddenly its burnt orange . backpack , shoes , cellphone , ... the limits of power : andrew j . bacevich akira fire and ice rock n ' rule spirited away the secret of n . i . m . h the lion king * * other mentions the wild thornberries ( can't quite put my finger on this one as to why ) finding nemo i tried to stick to the op , but my affinity for movies pushes me . acting is my passion . love movies , books without paper ( love books too ) top ten ( a very prestigious list that is unfairly ... welcome . and as you find there are varying degrees on intj's . but as a female intj ... i feel your pain . when female constituents want to chit-chat and gossip are you avoidant and uncomfortable ? in my ears as i type ; sade . there was something so about elli . contact , one of my favorite movies . are you stating there was only two of each animal brought in the ark ? there were 2 pairs one one kind and 7 pairs of others . that changes the math quite a bit . could the ark really contain all the animals of the world ? again the answer is yes . but let's look at the last question in more detail . the ark took about 120 years to build . noah was 480 years ... ... and just when i thought you were being civil with an open mind : crying : oh man ... what about not being to give pet names for a significant other ? ? spock is my father's ( an intj ) hero . lol , my older brother , by 4 years , recently told me of a time when he was in high school that he tried to live spock's / the vulcan philosophy , one without ... thanks for the reply , and don't take the comment about your focus as a shot at you or your ambitions , that's not my goal . i put a key indicator there at the end of the referenced statement . i ... [ quote = sanskrit ; 1138061 ] if that is sad or humbling thought that there's no god who made you to read bible constructed 4-5 billion years after the planet , and 300 million years after life emerged ... http://personalitycafe.com/images/icons/icon1.png how do you make the pics big , sheesh * more research ... booyah ! ... one of the smoothest dressed characters on screen intps should fit in there too ... you always use good ideas : cool : right , stuck was the key indicator of not being free from the island at any point . also i should have made a point to say inanimate objects and food and shelter was taken care of , but this ... i'm guilty of being 50/50 on pulling over to the next lane when im going faster than the posted speed limit . what 3 things would you bring ? you can add a why to it as well to make it more interesting . me : - dictionary ( the most extensive english dictionary around ); to learn them all . - a solar ... efficiency ! ! what i'm deducing is that intj-type 9 ' s know there can be peace and that peace is necessary and more logical than without it . i tested as a 9 , but did not know the finer details of the 9 . no ... i am a type 9 . is it an individual , nurtured or intj thing to , be in the fast lane on the highway / freeway going 70mph ( ca is 65mph ) whilst a car pulls up behind you riding your bumper refusing to go around you , and ... another question i will ask that i don't think i have asked before ; does anyone here hold proof that there is no god ? this question ties back in to the point that i made about more advanced ... i will have to dig that up , i'm new here . i still paper bags on my ears for how green they are back there . i am not a far reaching and studied scientist , a layman if you will , but i do know this , in science you get to a certain extent that you can not prove a theory only hypothesize about it with proof ... religion is nothing ... science is a religion well , i guess i'm not a malfunctioning intj then . this can be just a recycled poll , one where i know that i could be the lone ranger in , but i'm curious none the less . 12635 i still would like to be a ninja or a professor ... or professor ninja ! artistic intj is a closer description of me if that can be used . i'd same i am a more socially functioning intj than the stronger intjs . my t always scores in the lower percentage around 11 % , the ... i tested several times , all intj , all low t . the descriptions of both are close but intj is closer for the finer details . * edit note bold '