' it is a myth that fp-types are incessantly bad with money just as it is a myth tj-types are intellectual bullies . reactionary ( i . e . unhealthy ) fp's tend to be horrible with money just as ... this is a great subject . attached is most interesting reading on this subject . will you retire wealthy ? thanks . :) in my experience , entj students , especially female entj students whose entj'ness is at odds with some aspect of our culture , do not have the best gpa's . they are typically brilliant ... remember your reaction to he's just not that into you ? : crazy : lol . : laughing : the two of you are sooo alike : cool : an inconsistency ( perhaps ? ) in my personality is i just love chick-flicks . generally , its me dragging my wife to one , not the other way around . : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : http://www.designofsignage.com/application/symbol/hands/image/600x600/hand-point-up-2.jpg yeah , we laughed at it ( and us ) for over an hour . then looked up our ex's and were nearly rolling on the floor . lol i remember what a difference it made for my profs who took a personal ... all , literally all . as someone who is both a fan and who just scored 100 % ayn rand on that philosophy test that's floating around , i must admit that i find it disturbing that all my wonderful ... i stumbled across this . not your typical personality types hilarious ! : laughing : entj semi-random from her amazon wish list . http://www.air-yeezy-shoe.org/images/Nike-Dunk-SB/Womens-Nike-Dunk-SB-High-Heels-Orange-White-Black_4.jpg my bad : tongue : my mind was on the point of the story and not the story : blushed : you'll have to come up with an appropriate punishment : kitteh : ... theboss posted a bighug for you but it is forbidden ( my goodness how i could flirt with this one ) , so here's mine . :) http://funny-pixel.com/wp-content/uploads/Cat-Hug.jpg well , i'm already a fan of sovereign . you seem to have concise and penetrating clarity into so many subjects . :) i just love entj women . let me say it again for dramatic effect . i just love ... enfp . with a strong e , and only a moderate f , which i think is conditioned . her real f is much stronger but probably somewhat repressed over time until recently . when we first met i was ... what msbossypants says is very true . you can't use type to micro-predict behavior . i think what could be said with reasonable certainty is his limit for emotional fusing is almost certainly ... she did get surprised with a pair of loubotin's for christmas :) oh ! and we just bought her new dream closet solution yesterday so they can be organized well . this is a girls thread and so i'll ... most profound . i have found our so called faults usually are merely the excessive portions of our strengths , so developing balance and temperance in our lives without sacrificing our passions goes a ... remember all entj's are different , and especially things like level of extroversion , level of intuition , and level of thinking can and do correlate with wide deviations among us . also , the magnitude ... no problem saffron . and thank you . you're an excellent mediator . being a entj , and a highly extroverted one , i suspect conflict is not as painful for me as it is for some of the other ... lovely nádej ! ! i don't even like to look at them as flaws , since we are , flaws and all , the way nature produced us . i like to view it as variations . we all have an expected value , who we ... this video is fascinating and illuminating . she is a great speaker but one can tell her batteries are draining as the video progresses . great insights into introversion . introvert's power there is much truth to this . you're not called the masterminds for nothing ! :) : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : lol . you know it's never happened . as blunt and offensive as you might think i * can * be , african-american students have flocked to ... me too . i have no idea what it would feel like to live my life for another person . to willfully and purposefully lobotomize one's self for a process which i suspect will result in being criticized ... yeah , lol . more funny is i thought the quoting of me was the typo ! i suppose hoe economics would likewise have to incorporate an ebonics lesson , but it does give me ideas for a new course :) yeah , thinking of has-been celebrities who can't find work , but can squeeze out one last drop of their near spent credibility in a last ditch effort to find credibility . or an out-of-work ... depends on how you define unintentional . if you mean literally no way unintentional then i disagree . if you mean an awareness that perhaps someone might be offended , then i agree for reasoning ... yes . i actually i have some ocd efficiency complex about such things lol : crazy : indeed ! thank you for pointing out the emperor is naked here ! i owe you more fruit now : tongue : yes , some , few , rarely . philosophically , i despise what might be called the altruist ... why use car rather than automobile ? rational rather than logos ? yes , the speaker is accountable for word choice , but likewise the receiver is accountable for the how and why a particular word ... then engage the offense , not the person . you made an emotional attack on me , not my ideas or my statements . then you drug my wife into your issues with me in a way that sounded invidious - - my ... as i said previously , i just realized this type . my wife informed me :) home economics was intended . no , mothers and wives are not garden utensils . :) so i can see how that , if taken ... i agree emphatically . and thank you for it summarizes well the balance required in human interactions . the other day i was having a conversation with a feeler about the concept of abating ... ok , i see where you're coming from . i don't either . outsources sex though is by definition a commodity , outsourced love is impossible . that transcript was not the entire conversation , and it was ... i've noticed lots of enfp's like faeries : cool : http://youtu.be/tE9xYUmPaZ0 lol . yeah , me too a bit . also my wife . it's essentially how her and i met ... through ideas and their discussion . from the second we met we were chatting up a storm ... we stayed up the ... wow ! this is so awesome i need a day to ingest it properly . i think i will have much to say and ask . thank you again for this . i really like this . i mean i really do . there is a saying ( dr . phil ? ) if you do what you've always done , you'll get what you've always got . if something isn't working , stop doing ... re paragraph one . thank you . i don't claim to be normal . :) as a relational for instance , i also use the word selfish in a different way than many people would , who might first find what ... enfpleasantlybrainy actually , i have belittled no one . you on the other hand have made it your purpose to search out my posts and not engage in intellectual discussion , but to go off the deep ... when your j partner begins to subtract 30 minutes to every appointment time he / she give you :) i know what you mean paradox 1987 . i have a strong j and it helps me to plow through things when a laser beam is required , but it also constrains my world with a sort of myopic vision that can ... not an enfp but i strongly think to be human requires growth in self awareness . we are not all born equal and science makes clear many personality traits are hard wired into us from birth . but ... hellen fisher argues not only will it work but it is your best statistical bet . she argues sj people should romantically flock together . she also believes e and i are insignificant , something ... wow ! thanks . this is profound and has stimulated my brain along with this cup of morning coffee . absolutely . and purposeful arrogance would be purposeful arrogance . however , in the missive i posted i never stated anything about me intending to be arrogant . that was your own inference , ... nor have i said or implied you said that ? one of my favorite philosophers once wrote , the mark of an educated mind is the ability to entertain a thought without necessarily accepting it . facts ... indeed , if your emotionally feel the need for enablement , run ! if you're about to die and you need a accurate diagnosis , run to him ! that's just me being me : wink : but it does mean it is truth , specifically objective truth . no . everything explainable is only explained through hard evidence as you put it . '