' honestly , i'm up in the air about this one . i think i would need more information before i can form a solid opinion . i did consider consulting way back ( and by consulting , i assume you mean ... i think your query contains two questions , which are probably best addressed individually : ( 1 ) do you want / like leadership positions at work ? my first instinct : hell yes . not that i'm ... it was my pleasure : smile : . hope everything goes well for you . hi , fellow infj here . my degrees are in : finance and law . you weren't the only one who followed your parents ' wishes , haha . i got into these fields because i was bright , extremely bright . my ... i have often read descriptions of infjs as enigma . i had thought of these as simply metaphors to embody the complex personalities of infjs ... but it wasn't until today that i was actually called ... this whole passage struck a chord with me . it's exactly what i've been learning recently , that as much as you want to intervene , sometimes it's for the better - which ultimately includes better for ... have you ever accurately foreshadowed something that seemed unlikely , or at most only a chance possibility , at the time ? i sometimes wonder whether ni - observing the underlying patterns of the ... but i wonder whether we spend too much energy trying to discern whether it's the right situation to disclose or not ( i relate : this is my natural tendency ) . we can save a lot of effort by ... no one lights a lamp and puts it in a place where it will be hidden , or under a bowl . instead they put it on its stand , so that those who come in may see the light . i wonder how many infjs ... thank you . i felt like that today . to have you express ( and so beautifully ) what i felt so poignantly on the exact same day is uncanny . the coincidence makes me think that infjs are like ... i think god has given each of us a problem to solve in life . i resonate with this . although , i feel responsible for certain strand of relationships dynamics - i feel responsible for ensuring the well-being of the people around me . self-blame occurs in the ... as infjs , our fe is only secondary , subservient to our ni . and since we're ni-doms ( with inferior se ) , i think we're sometimes not aware of how we can impact on other people - of how our nf comes ... yes , very much so . in fact , what a wonderful way to put it . you have managed to capture an indescribable feeling that i have long tried to put into words . and i'm glad i'm not the only one ;) i love my boyfriend / soulmate . it transcends everything that i have experienced and will experience , pervades through every thought and feeling . there's something inextricably caught up with me in ... dear charming infps , an infj has a question for you : what is fi in love like ? how does it make you feel ? how do you choose to express it ( if you do ) ? as an fe-user , when i am in love , i want ... there seems to a vast array of ( fictional ) characters available as results on this one so i'm curious to see which ones infjs would ' type ' as :p roud : . the questionnaire is designed by the wake forest ... i guess the thing that you have to bear in mind when approaching infjs is that we are ni-fe users , that is , we are geared towards understanding people at a deeper level and developing meaningful ... i got back from drinks with some peers tonight , and it's left me rather perturbed by what i'd experienced . some obnoxious , loud-mouthed esxx ( designated as the ' party captain ' of the group ) made ... : i think you drastically misunderstood the point and message of my post . by in general , i meant relationships in general - romantic , parental , friendship etc . i did not mean that ... though i'm not in a romantic relationship with one , my father is an estj , and someone i know pretty well ( understatement ) , so i can attest that you made a remarkably insightful and accurate list ... had the perfect infj day today : happy : . woke up , and sent a message to my loved one , to let him know that i've been thinking of him . ( fe ) then went to the gym for an hour and left feeling great ... : ha , so it happened to you too ! : tongue : in fact , i was telling my enfp last night how i've finally understood this poster : ... infj here . he sounds like he has a mental problem , unfortunately : s . there was something very strange about him , from your op . from your description , and as much as i tried to place myself in his ... dear life , thank you . an infj . 1 corinthians 13:4 - 7 love is patient , love is kind . it does not envy , it does not boast , it is not proud . it does not dishonor others , it is not self-seeking , it is not easily angered , it keeps ... true story : i've lost track of the number of times girls have gone up to me and asked me , very interestedly , whether i had an ( older ) brother - the presumption being that they would be highly ... today , the other single guy from work asked me out for lunch again . i had to decline because i had already made arrangements with another friend . he said sure , no worries - catch you next week . he ... : i understand where you're coming from . of course every student , or even mild observer , of mbti - but preferably every student - should understand that myers-briggs is not accepted in ... yikes : actually , that was more of an fe attack :p ... i've seen platorepublic around the forums and he's a cool guy - genuinely inquisitive about things and open-minded . no need to take ... i don't know for certain if i've felt what you're experiencing now , but i share your pain and , if i may , i want to share just one more thing : as an infj , i've never reached any sort of resolution ... i personally liked his flaws . the way he thought ; the sorrow he held about things . they reminded me of my own - and it touched me like two raindrops falling into one . i didn't mean to sound so ... diversity is the spice of life - - and here's a little appreciation for all the different variants of infjs which make us the chameleons of the mbti world . abstract future thinkers , ni-doms with ... as infjs , our mind is a strange place . ni , fe , ti , se ... all residing within a mix of enneagrams . so here's a lil thread for understanding , and appreciating , the strange minds of infjs ... i was speaking in general based on comments across the forum ( not yours ) - haha , type 3 is the most hated ( stereo ) type : laughing : i actually thanked your post but somehow it's not showing . thanks ... no , i relate far more with infjs than i do with people of my own enneagram type ( type 3 ) . not surprising i guess – having come from a competitive home , a competitive high school , a competitive ... everything in our lives is just a symbol , with the meaning we've chosen to bestow on it . ^ this is where our emancipation lies . sometimes you need to go beyond the emotional style of her language , to understand the subtext . i admit that whilst her language could be a tad more respectful , but sometimes you have to be ... as the title says . to be clear , i didn't write the below article that i'm going to post up . but it manages the articulate a lot of what i've been observing and reflecting for a long time and ... is this where i'm supposed to tase - oops , i mean tease - you : tongue : ? edit : your dog is adorable by the way . i'll be brave ... * takes a deep breath * i had a day off work today , and i took a break from writing to share in a beautiful afternoon : ... it's a beautiful day . lol . i'm flattered , honest . but i'm serious when i say that i just want to enjoy the company of enfjs without any messy non-platonic feelings in the way . i'm not looking for anyone at the moment , so ... hmm ... i'm 22 , a female infj , like to consider myself as a good human being , highly educated ( last year of law school , honours ) , pretty ... and single . guess your friends could be me in 10-30 years ... with yet another enfj falling for me , an infj , again , i've realised that i haven't come across an enfj guy who hasn't fallen for me , or at least entertained romantic prospects . as much as i can be ... yes , we're slow to initiate ... but we are quite protective at the same time ! so i think it comes down to whoever gets jealous first : tongue : . this infj guy had feelings for me for a while but ... i had to take 40 questions instead of the standard 25 because he ' still couldn't figure out my type ' :P anyway , here are my results : 33 % infj 20 % enfj 10 % intj 9 % entp ... i haven't read all the posts beyond the second page , so quick did my ni strike and i might add some more stuff later . but speaking as an infj who is trying to come up with a practical ... without wanting to take away from the vibe of this thread , you didn't tell the whole truth . sure , you should seek self-understanding and self-acceptance ; you should have an identity outside of ... i would be scared . infjs all around the world would be systematically hunted down ... for the entps ' amusement . '