' i would accept but not change a thing . because things are already as they really are and are already as they really should . i personally believe that omnipotence means the ability to see things as ... so i saw people taking a cognitive functions test and i thought hey , i ´ m gonna do one too . could someone help me with explaining perhaps what is said ? for example my intro - and extraverted feeling ... well , i wasn't saying that what i experienced was true enlightenment but it was a step towards the right direction . i believe if i continue practicing ( also meditating etc . ) i may once experience ... i disagree . i have been practicing becoming aware of my desires , my thoughts and my emotions and whenever i am mindful i do not suffer . i only suffer when my mind goes astray because then i will hold ... you know when i read your posts they are all empty . for example you claim to know much about mental disabilities yet you never show how . you seem to know everything better and you're not consistent ... i've only once been actively pursued by a girl . she asked me to come over , she leaned in for the first kiss , all that stuff . but apparently it turned out she didn't love me at all , it was just that ... aiyokusama , you want him to stop this useless thread and you say it's not worth emotionally investing in cyber-bullying yet you seem more convinced to make him stop than he is at talking about ... i totally agree ! and what's even worse is that people judge or condemn people within a minute just by facial appearance , clothes and the way they talk . i had so many feelings towards my father which i was afraid to express ( for many years i bottled them up ) . also because i only open up to a few people and those people are not my parents they never ... ye she is the perfect representation of the netherlands . :) maybe i'll try sleeping on the floor . it does stretch my back real good . also , i am 21 and i still have a plush toy so what does age have to do with it . xd nah , i get it . so many pillows ye ? sounds ... hahaha , i watched one pretty funny guys . the language doesn't seem too hard either , a few months and i'll be a fluent newfienese speaker . :D i am an infp and i also love to ask that kind of questions . it's either an open question ( which is the start of many open questions ) or a question to make the other person really think hard . i want ... greetings ! you can trust me when i say you can meet all kinds of different people here , and i've just been here 3 days or so ! i hope you enjoy your stay here and i hope you have a wonderful time ! oh god you lucky bastard a king-size bed and a relaxing mattress ! well , you've probably earned it . but never ever take it for granted ! whenever you do just think about me lying in a single's bed with ... i'm sorry bro i don't even speak newfoundlandian . instead of focusing on the size of the bed you should focus on the quality of the mattress . a friend of mine has a very expensive one ( he saved money for it , oops .. i said money ) and that mattress is ... curvy definitely . more cushion for the pushin ' right guys ? licht is also dutch for light . skaffa = very stoned / high nl = netherlands , my home i support that your beliefs change from time to time . there are only a few people of such wisdom they never or rarely have to change their beliefs . beautiful clip , beautiful text . i really enjoyed ... it sounds stupid , but even in being alone are you not alone . i guess one of the few thoughts that go through my head each day is the same one as yours . wow , i watched the video you posted . thank you for posting it , these men are not only very intelligent but also very wise . i don't know if i am speaking out of place ( because i lack true knowledge on ... thank you very much ! thanks man ! :D wat ik bedoelde met voelen en denken is dat ik als ik ga filosoferen ik geen objectief en onpersoonlijke blik erop kan geven . xd hee ! :D erg bedankt ... 80473 oh , echt thanks man ! =D ik vroeg me eerlijk gezegd wel af of er nederlandse infp'ers hier waren want daar zou ik wel een keertje contact mee willen hebben . in het nederlands communiceren is ... lol ja man is maar één aflevering van dacht ik . ik heb in ieder geval mijn avatar uit die aflevering . xd maar leuk je te leren kennen man en ook leuk dat ik door een nederlander vervelkomt wordt . =) ja man straattaal lingo gaan de opposites en andere rappers straattaal woorden lingo'en . xd en ik zal het vast wel naar mijn zin hebben . you sound like a good young woman with a warm heart . =) ye , decapitating is probably not a good idea . may i ask how far do you take bushido ? are you your own master ? who would you die for ? i'm still curious after reading the form . =) hehe i'm gonna scratch that and read your form first . first : 80436 second : your intro has made me curious . what norms and values do you find important and why bushido ? =) thank you very much . i'm sure i'll have lots of fun ! hello ! very nice to meet you . i read your intro and i would be happy to converse and discuss with you there . ( i read bushido , i'm curious ! ! ) always be kind unto others . i don't know if we have the same view but i also believe everything is interconnected . hell nothing can't be not-connected because the whole universe exists solely because of interconnectedness .  ... well , i smoke cannabis on a daily basis and i would be lying if i'd say i wasn't addicted . it's a habitual addiction though , it has become so normal for me and my friends we treat it the same as ... i did a if you really knew me with my school last year with my class and people i don't even know . in the beginning we had to walk around and hug everyone . at first it felt so uncomfortable because ... you are a difficult person to pierce through . i would like to add that sports and meditation can have some similar effects . i used to be a gymnast and now i meditate and what i felt was that as a gymnast when i'm absolutely focused i'm also ... thank you mr . cafebot . i also overlooked the form i could fill out so here it is , sorry guys .. personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? niek - any nicknames ? pinda ( peanut ... hello everyone ! i've been visiting personalitycafe for some time now and i've finally decided to join ! my personality type is infp and my ennaegram trifix seems to be 2w1 , 5w4 , 9w1 . i'm interested ... '