' sarkozy an infj ? what make you think that ? his mannerism might lead you to think that , but that's the only thing . being in the country he was supposed to lead , i can assure you he did not appear ... i watched it yesterday , but i have to say i disagree with you , i found the acting very decent . some of the writing was annoying , the movie could have had shown more jung / freud interactions . now i ... well , some friends have said some similar things to me . an intj friend wich was basically my neighbour at uni used to come to me whenever she felt down . funny thing was that she hidded that fact ... for a girl : romane . yeah only one name , that's pretty lame , but i do not intend to have lots of children ! i've no idea for boys ! neat idea , i'm looking forward to meet mbti enthusiastic close to me ! edit : also it would be great if we could sort people by country ! being able to change human emotions , if use with caution that might be a very powerfull tool ! i like him a lot too , being able to feel others emotion make us half mule right ? favorite video games : baldur's gate series warcraft series heroes of might and magic ( the whole series ) rollercoaster tycoon i and ii tombraider ( i finished the 5 or 6 first game ) my ... it's really hard for me to get asleep , i often read more than an hour , until i'm exhausted to get asleep . i also need complete dark and silence , that's why i sleep with ear plugs . everytime i'm ... i would probably be a cook and also a hunter / fisher . i'm fond of cooking / baking and eating is essential to survival ! i'm a substitute teacher in high school , i've taught math , physics and technology . i taught to 11-15 years old , and gosh they are draining . and the sad part is that working condition get harder and ... as an infj male , i've always needed time to process information , i've learn to accept it . but there is so much stuff going through my mind at the same time that i can't understand the here and now ... dear neighbour , you are such a big pussy for having spied on my computer for the last weeks ( maybe even months ) . don't you have anything better to do ? if you can still read this , and if your balls ... yeah i'm a kind of a geek , i enjoy sci-fi , programming , science , weird t shirts ... well in any case , keep in mind that there is a lot of people , coming from different places . there is also language ... lol not that much , ask an infj about its hobbies , you'll open pandora's box ! ! sometimes i'm so passionate about something that i can speak about it litteraly for hours ! ! ! i'm about to be 25 in a little less than a month and it scares me ! ! ! anyway most of my pupils think i'm older than that , but it might have something to do with all my facial hair i'm growing ! jil is lucky - the wanderer http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=eo3CV6sZ90I some people are actually sick , i've met someone who's suffered a lot and was going with her shadow functions for a long time and she's probably got an histrionic personality disorder .. i'm not a ... well some of the fakers might be enfp sick to the point of mimicking infj , but why someone healthy would want to do that ? is it because it's one of the quietest , nicest and interesting forum in the ... 1 . yeah , as long as i can remember i'm fond of astrophysics . got a master degree in astrophysics , dreaming of starting my own spatial company ! 2 . some people tried to bully me once or twice , it ... at uni , or high school , if you see a guy tutoring a group ( mostly girls ) , odds are that the guy is an infj . i used to have 2 very good friends , 2 girls and one of them had his father working as a teacher in high school so we ended up in the same class 6 out of 7 years from 11 to 18 . we had so much fun and ... prometheus , such a waste of time ! ! ! well , i can only speak for myself but yes i do need to be reassured a lot . despite having ni and fe , we can't always correctly guess or feel what's inside others mind and heart . infjs like others ... i believe that's chemistry , pheromone . prometheus suck ! ! ! today i went to watch it at my local movie theater . i took the last showing hoping that there would be very few people but the room was almost full . anyway the whole plot is ... yeah , my first anxiety attacks that i can remember of happened when i was 5 ! nowadays i just avoid stressfull activities . i've suffered from hyperventilation several times , the first time was very ... i'm a type a - ( 6 % of pop in my country ) wich is already rare enough . i agree with vivid melody , this sounds a lot like horoscope . however , it's possible that our blood type influence our way of life ... if you would like to get married , what age would you like to be married by ? now ! no seriously i've always wanted to get married at 25 , but in 6 weeks i'm gonna turn 25 and i'm still looking for my ... 38331 me driving today with my new glasses funny thing i've exactly the same problem , i haven't been in a real date since 2007 or 2008 . i feel i've lost my mojo since that time , mostly because i've lost all my confidence and i couldn't ( can't ... cancer , infj when you need earplugs every single night in order to sleep well ! well , i suppose infj can be a successful scientist . but you should be prepare for a very stressfull life . last year i've completed a master's degree in astrophysics , the last 6 months being an ... i just realized that the two being i thought were my friends are really not . how on earth do i find myself pushing away those who really care and understand me , blowing everything up with the only ... yeah i just watched it , i my opinion gibbs is a p but that's only my guts feeling ! battlestar galactica fringe the good wife 30 rock house ncis i liked a lot pushing daisies and dead like me because these shows were very poetic and funny . and for those who understand ... bring an infj cookies , most of us hate food anyway , we just pretend ! manipulated , reborn , idling i'm so lonely , life sucks , i've never managed to keep a girlfriend for more than 3 months , i can't forget the last girl ( intj ) who broke my heart , and i'm such a mess that i've almost burned out my ... 36297 the text on the t shirt mean eat 5 vegetables a day be yourself no matter what they say ♪ ♪ the fountain for its music , plot ... everything this film has to offer is really good , it makes me cry every single time i watched it ... you're ready for marriage ! ( i've been hearing that for 6 or 7 years now , and yet never been able to keep a relationship for more than 3 months , but now that i know about mbti i've a better idea of ... can't you try to motivate him ? that's funny , i tend to rely on my memory because i can sometimes recall insignificant details about anything ... the other day i was watching the news with a friend and the news anchor stated that ... one of my top 5 movie of all time , characters are good , ost excellent and it always make me wonder what i'm capable of doing for love . i also really enjoy be kind rewind and eternal sunshine of ... having studied physics at university , i must say i've come to like math . i wasn't a big fan of math myself during high school , until i've discovered that most of math had been invented for physics . ... if you are a great cook you can make him a really nice dinner , especially if you know his favorite food ! also infj like one on one meeting , so it's a nice way to spend time with him while making him ... i'd like the key of bag end because i've always wanted to live like hobbits ( and with them ) . they have very simple life , brewing , gardening , plaining parties , they often give each others gifts , ... yeah that's an other issue with infj , miscommunication . and the fact that we don't want to advertise our qualities , but rather feel appreciated for them , without them being pointed out . at least ... '