' do you want to work band-aid jobs your whole life ? i'm a golden retriever . the fact that i'm a cia agent . i'm feeling much better , to be honest :) i broke it off my with girlfriend . it honestly feels a bit better , it's one less thing i need to worry about and i can focus on myself rather than a relationship . i feel bad , but i was ... i didn't think of it that way ... lately , no , more like for the past year or so i've been struggling to re-establish myself after losing my job teaching . since then it's been an emotional roller ... how does one act when they are feeling lonely ? lately i feel disconnected . i've been under so much stress i haven't had time to do things and meet people . my job doesn't allow me to be around ... jdstankosky haha it's okay fuck today . i'm having a horrible week . favorite . book . ever . holy fucking shit , i just had a nerd orgasm . the more i think about it , the more i want to eventually own my own business . i need to gain experience and capital first though . and engineering seems to be a good way to obtain both of those . i'm finally in a real relationship with an intj and i honestly am floored at the chemistry and dynamics of it . i've never felt i was with someone perfect for me until i started seeing her . we had ... i feel like an entp who's exhibiting emotion is either under extreme inner stress or emotional conflict . it takes a lot for us to get this way . toy story 3 / thread . that was like watching my childhood officially end . in real time . well , i've already done the whole 6 years of college thing before . including a year of teaching , so i figured might as well keep going with the whole educate / education trend i have going lol . ... welp , 2 more months of this and i'll be done . i'm going back to school in august . 2 months ... only 2 months ... this thread . honestly , i think i just need to hold out till school resumes in august . it's getting to that point that's going to kill me . i hate restarting , and i felt like a failure already after getting ... coming from working retail ( in college ) , to teaching ( then got laid off ) , back to retail ( underpaid / underemployed ) , to this ( my saving grace job , i thought ) i am quickly losing my mind . i can't ... so . office / cubicle jobs . 8-5 pm . bs and ms in technology education ... working in an office , selling products that i used to teach . i dislike it ... a lot . so much so , that i am going back to school in the fall for ... fuck this . to answer the op question : drink . the unknown / uncontrollable . i'm going through this right now . anger . frustration . i never get bored of sex . i do get bored of having sex with certain people . the key is to keep it interesting and not all the time as bad as that sounds . when it's just giving up like ... i was weird in 3rd and 4th grade , i used to part my hair and wear matching track suit tops and bottoms . since then , i've been awesome . i'm sexy ... and i know it . i just took a position with the world's largest technology distributor , working with the vendor group autodesk ... which i taught lol . it seems like a legit job , pay is excellent and there's lots ... no issue , i was let go due to budget cuts . the program we were running was too much for the district to spend so i was let go . got a great lor from my principal and dept chair . i taught technology education ( pre-engineering on the high school level ) i start a new job on monday . fucking fucks yeah . thechive.com you're welcome . find an intj -> enjoy the ride . who the fuck evolves pikachu ? save that thunderstone ! this thread is awkward . i just wanna look back and go , welp , that was fun . the intj i've been seeing was super excited to see me today , i picked her up , we hung out and were having a good time ( i think ? ) and at one point she told me to turn off the lights ( ehmmm , fun time ) ... viagra . i just found my father got engaged tonight . over fb . 7 hours after it happened . i made my intj cry the other day , we talked about stuff and she , for the first time since i've known her , opened the flood gates and told me exactly what was on her mind , how she felt and what she ... yikes i'm finding that out , and to be honest it's reassuring . it's nice to know i'm not the only one who's down on their luck . a lot of people my age and older are in the same situation and we're ... honestly , my favorite new poster . yikes i completely agree . i look back at everything from last year or the year before and really the only thing that is constant is my health and my name . my life is confusing lol . justanentpgirl lol , thanks =P http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZdblwEI0ZcE my question is this : who's bringing the chips ? battlefield 3 on the pc is my guilty pleasure ... god i am so good at it too . been playing this song on repeat for the past 4-5 days . i don't listen to sean paul but this song reminds me of someone . https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=SbUBMklQSVU you know how you're using the internet ? you're welcome . friendzone level 99 . '