' and you've actually made a conscious decision about what you're not going to bother including in what you want to learn ! - ie ... planned knowledge gaps - maximum use of time and resources applied to ... people who repeat themselves ! you know when you have a conversation and the next time you speak to them they do the same conversation ... and the next time ... and the next time ... ( ooops ! - am ... ... when your response to your loved one suggesting / offering to cancel a night out with friends to stay in with you , you almost bite their head off with the speed you reply no , go ! - err , i mean , no , ... ... when you not only find safety and sanctuary in solitude ... but , in those darkest moments , you crave isolation even more than normal , and the cacophony of invading voices in your head is so loud as ... when , without thought or hesitation , you can give away or throw away things that other people would attach huge sentimental value to and almost have breakdowns at the thought of discarding . you have friends who would find this forum interesting and fun , but you don't tell them about it at all because this is your only bit of escapism and you don't want it contaminated by anyone you ... when you scroll through the messages on this forum and only need read the first 3 words of a post to identify whether it's verbal diarrhea and move on , or got some point and read on . when you zone out from tv programmes , but suddenly come to life when the adverts come on , shhh-ing anyone who speaks , as you watch and assess them for any psychological marketing ... when you don't take anything personally , while so many others seem to take everything personally , including things that are absolutely nothing to do with them whatsoever ... god , don't some people ... drivers who pull up at a roundabout or junction and stop , without having bothered to simultaneously look and see if anything is coming , only to find that if they had just managed to do two things at ... this is the other thing that is possible when you remove refined rubbish from your body ... believe it or not i don't do much exercise ... bits and pieces here and there , swim , run sometimes , do some ... hi , ok , two things are relevant to mood swings : bread , rice , pasta and potatoes are all toxic , indigestible and will cause vomiting in their natural , unrefined and uncooked state ... every ... my list of hangouts are : in my head . in my room ( on the internet conversing with you lot ) in book shops ( finding a quiet corner / armchair to read the books or at least find some good chapters to ... on a scale of 1-10 i'd say i'm a 9.5 ... but i'm talking empathy and not sympathy . sympathy would be 0.5 i have huge empathy with animals - far more so than humans actually . for anyone with depressive mood swings - try eliminating refined sugars , wheat and potatoes from your diet and increasing good quailty proteins . i've had huge success with this ( bipolar disorder ) and ... the saying ' ignorance is bliss ' comes to mind . smart in terms of wisdom ? i'll never be satisfied and am on an eternal quest for wisdom through learning and understanding anyting and everything in ... when the few social events that you do arrange , involve planning them to be on ' your term's , like at an outside venue that closes at a reasonable time so you can meet , eat , chat and know that ... people who stand with their shopping trollies sideways on and end to end blocking as much of the aisle as possible while they stand and chat . people who allow their children to run around stores ... when in your junk mail is the curriculum for the local adult education college and you read it cover to cover and put it somewhere safe . ok , i'm going to define ' smart ' not as academic style intelligence , but in a functional university of life kind of way . that said , yes i am so more miles smarter than most that i have to ... same here ... yawwwn ... don't an exceptionally high percentage of people come out with a lot of endless content-and-purpose-free-dross . where's my will to live i wonder ? ( searching ) ... only a brief thought , but it occurs to me that the whole ' self confidence ' thing relates as much to not caring what other people think as it does anything else ... i . e . if a person is concerned with ... i'm a bit torn over how to answer this one ... peak times are all the flaming time ! i get so overwhelmed with the constant cacophony of voices in my head all debating what works , why it works , how it ... this was a good post to read . last week i posted , saying that i realised eventually that people tend to only want me for what they can get from me or what i can do for them and got criticized for ... lolol yes ! ha ha ha - i even learned to speed read because i was so frustrated with slow reading ! like i did my advanced driving course to be a better driver . like i got both my dogs to ... you get compliments about the quality of your hoovering and ironing and how you do it more thoroughly than anyone else in the household ... ( comments like can't you just do it quickly whizz the ... you scroll through the myriad tv channels and come across ' parliament / house of commons live ' and immediately see it as an opportunity to ' people watch ' and hear , first hand , the bullshit exchanges ... mine's really lovely to look at - i . e . it has uniformity , but is ( according to family and colleagues ) either illegible and those who really try to read it give up after the 4th attempt . i try to ... yup , my brain works faster than my fingers can keep up and i don't mind that bit - but the bit that you really care that it reads well and makes good sense , so your read it back , and possibly check ... question : could it be that because we do bury our emotions so deeply , and control them so much , that we subconsciously seek out a form of outward expression to release those emotions ? art is an ... [ quote = cryptonia ; 4409 ] healthy intps tend to make people feel stupid less than healthy intjs , i think ... although they could easily go badly , too . i asked another intp here something very basic about ... lolol my mum's esfj / p and trust me - they just don't shut up and if you ask for some quiet time , take it as a personal affront and go off in a huff and then when you say you're read to speak you get ... anyways , what is the attraction of most to an intj female ? we aren't that special ... most think there is something wrong with us , and call us weird . [ / quote ] i disagree ... to most of the ... i agree , whiney children piss me off , but only momentarily because my icy cold intj stare of doom works a treat and i need only make direct and sustained eye contact with any whiney child for about 5 ... welcome too - and funnily enough i thought the same things about font , grammar and joining an institution where success depends on teamwork and doing as you're told , neither of which intjs are ... my most creative times are walking my dog in forests , swimming , running or in the bath - times when my mind can be free to wander . creatively innovative or artistic ideas usually come out in the ... people who seem genuinely interested in hearing your ideas / views and probe deeper as if they want to actually understand , and then steal your great ideas and pass them off as their own ... except ... people who aren't intelligent or quick thinking enough to be able to a ) understand what you just said and b ) respond with something useful to contribute to the conversation , who instead , completely ... i hate that when i am home everyday when i just want time to recharge / relax and listen to music or even do schoolwork my mom bursts the door open without knocking just to ask a dumb random question ... ... i flick through channel after channel of mind-numbing dross on tv and stop at either live horse-racing , a documentary on global weather systems or a series on the psychological profile of hitler ... this is a funny thread ... today at work i was walking through the building and in the space of about 3 mins i had 2 members of staff stop walking and stand to the side and wait while i passed , like ... for me when i read this it makes me thnk of the times i see someone being picked on or treated unfairly or someone needs help and i know full well that no-one else will step in to defend them or help ... and you know they can't possibly know you because you make a conscious decision about who you let know you and how much they know about you and you never let anyone know it all . you don't bother arguing what could be an exceptionally good point because the person airing their opinion isn't intelligent to warrant you expending words , time , thoughts or energy responding to . do you think it qualifies as an infp behaviour to be in a relationship and keep someone hanging on and on and on while they continually dream about the fantasy of the relationship and future and life ... mainly reading , walking in forests , running , swimming , cycling , listening to music , going to classical live music performances on my own , driving just because i love driving and i can listen to music ... ... you spend your whole life being told smile ! ... by people who walk around with a cheesy grin plastered to their face when there's nothing to smile about . if i wasn't in the mood to smile ... ok , well i wasn't going to be quite so honest ( forgive me ) ... but odious nfs ... ditto ! ! ! you have a great idea , start implementing it and after making serious headway ( like beyond the point of any return ) you realise just maybe it would have been an idea to mention it or even check with ... i entirely get what you say about two intjs not being the best combination and growth etc ... but my experience is that we support and encourage each other to be great and we've both become so much ... '