' i've always viewed perc as more of an online forum myself . i guess i should've just wrote fb and twitter , because that's what i was referring to . fiction i tend to avoid because i don't really ... am i the only intj who reads 90 % non-fiction ? am i the only intj who despises social media ? it happens to me all the time at work . i will be doing my job and pick up certain cues that people have their focus on me . or i will just catch them staring at me like i'm et , which is even more ... i know under extreme stress i don't become more extroverted . usually the less stressed i am , the more likely i am to be more extroverted . under heavy stress it can be very helpful to be more s ... i've gone through a period of self reflection recently , and realized i exist much more inside my head than i do in reality . how many other intj's feel like you exist inside you head , or your own ... 6 + units of alcohol a day , isn't healthy . especially if he does it everyday . knowing whether someone uses substances to relax after a hard day of work , or is using them to escape depression is ... i'm in the same situation actually . i've had such negative experiences , that now i'm probably somewhere close to avoidant . i've been in many social situations where i will say something , and ... yes . in school , people would constantly talk just to fill the silence . just .. let .. it .. be .. quiet . i think some people avoid silence , because it brings them to reality in a way they're ... a lot of early pink floyd . some of the doors . jazz as well . oh , and black sabbath . trying to watch russian drive camera video's on youtube . youtube is veryyy slow right now . anyone else currently on youtube ? eh moderator please delete . it posted twice for some reason . well right now considering it's - 7 , i'd prefer to stay inside . in the summer however , there are some things to do . like ... spending time with a corn stock , or ... you know . also indiana - that's number 3 ... where i work , i leave at 12 . so i've developed this bad habit of going to bed at about 3am . i need to amend it . soon . sipping a rolling rock beer after just consuming a beck's beer . beck's wins by 2130.5477 mhmm the best way i can explain this is that sensor's will focus on observable facts or sensory information , and basically just leave it at that . intuition will take the observable facts and details and ... it's not that hard to distinguish . me and my mom are both j's . we both make lists , plan things-events before hand , and like things organized . i usually plan out tomorrow latter tonight , and its ... i'm the only n in my immediate family as well . they have trouble understanding my thought processing and mine theirs . it's great ... dad-istp mom-isfj sister-isfp this thread though ... : frustrating : this is awesome in so many ways ... istp isfj isfp at the moment ... intj 89968 personally ... natalia velez - search youtube adriana lima kate upton nina agdal genesis rodriguez the banned go-daddy commercial melanie iglesias lucy pinder f is for fire that burns down the whole town ! u-sed for uranium ... bombs ! n is for no survivorrrs ! when you ! ... patrick - hi spongeboob . spongeboob ! ! what ! ? hahahaha ! who's spongeboob ? ! hahahaha ! ... my dad is an istp , and is a professional tool and die maker at a large manufacturer . he's great at working with his hands , and is the complete opposite of me . i would say just go with whatever ... reality tv ? like duck dynasty , axe men , ice road truckers , and others you've already mentioned ? honestly ... can't stand them . if i watch tv it's usually various news channels , the weather channel , ... spongebob - and what could be better than serving up smiles ? squidward - being dead , or anything else ! squidward - so , what flavor is it ? pirates - uhhh , cherry ! apple ! raspberry ! thanks tigerowl and dotbf for contributing . since i'm asking everyone to reveal their political affiliation , i'll go ahead and reveal mine as well . i like to divide political affiliation by ... hello intj's . i have read several websites online that claim intj's affiliate politically , by majority republican . i just wanted to make this thread so intj's can share their political ... hello . i usually test as intj , but have also tested as intp , so i'll try to help the best i can . 1 . not really , when it comes to hot beverages i prefer french roast coffee , but this is very much ... my computer ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 70 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 90 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... i did this as well to a girl i really liked . i'm 99 % sure it had the opposite effect intended , but at the moment it was a must . besides that , i must confess i'm pretty awful at attracting females . i ... if i have a problem , i usually need time to work it out myself through my own head . kind of like a big math problem . once i can work it through my head , i can return to my normal state . however ... i like things organized or at least logically organized , which is highly annoying to my istp dad . his form of organization is , its over there under that pile of random stuff , about 8 inches ... i'm probably a 9.35648 ... no really . i have a eating philosophy , which is only eat the most healthy , natural , unprocessed food . the more a food is processed and basically manufactured and enhanced ... either online or at university . i also dig bookstores and the grocery store now and then . but that's just me . my best advice to you and your friend is to just be yourself 100 % . why ? because when you're being your real self , people who are worth your time will like you for the real you . if people don't like ... indeed annnd what should the oppressive police states be replaced with ? ? hmmm i wasn't at all being serious about this post but , modern communist china's party structure is very much like plato's philosopher-king concept . and as far as i know china hasn't exactly ... i think all intj's should ban together and take over say ... cuba ? we can run it like plato's republic . all intj's will be the philosopher-kings and we can run the government like an intj congress . we ... i agree . i usually judge rules based on if the rule makes sense or has value . i don't find value in a rule just because the magical book of sand men said its a rule , or any other authority , if you ... yeah , both of my parents claim all i do is spend time in my room on my computer . however i do use the computer for meaningful things like learning and personal growth , while both of them love ... my mom is an isfj . she's very emotional and as a hobby she watches hallmark movies and cries . enough said . i have no idea . - me passive aggressive behavior i can't stand . also when driving , people who will stare at you in their mirror and only partially drive down the road . people who claim to know they are right , when in ... '