' i'm pretty sure that he is an i . so infp or infj . most likely the first . isfj - ravenclaw i'm actually a type 1 , oddly enough . i don't know if that is abnormal for an isfj or what . however , i do still crave appreciation a good bit . but like you said , only when it is genuine praise . i ... haha i think my mom is an entj actually . nothing has ever come out of it . i have basically liked him for over a year . i have over-analyzed his actions and our conversations many times . i don't think he likes me . i haven't said anything to ... i love the x-files ! ! it's my favorite show . paisely pros : you are kind and sweet and very creative . you like art and secretly still believe in things like fairies no matter what others say . you appreaciate your self and like to go ... yes ! ! i'm exactly like that with my interests . - meryl streep ( i own about 25 of her movies on dvd ) - harry potter - musicals : i buy the soundtracks and learn every word to every song . - the x ... i was thinking isfj too through the whole explanation , but some more information about her would be helpful . i think house as an xntp , probably i . i know what you mean . i just think if we had to type her , she would be isfj . true . i know an infp who gets really stubborn when it's something that is a personal cause of hers . however , i find that i'm just a stubborn person in general . - any stupid driver - shallow people - when i try to do something special for a friend , and they don't accept it - when someone won't listen to what i have to say - spelling / grammar mistakes - when i ... it was also best for her mother . her mother and phil wanted to have the flexibility to move around a lot with her minor league team . my point is she didn't whine to anyone but herself in her head . if ... ha . i stopped and bought expensive nail stuff one time too . i really like the actual act of shopping , but i do hate when salespeople come up to me and ask me if i need help . it doesn't matter if i do or not , i'm just looking . it's the worst when i'm the ... stubbornness . i think nfs and especially sps are a lot less stubborn that we are . wow that's really hard ... but i'd probably have to say 2 . i think being in that type of relationship is an achievement in itself . i don't know if this really applies to the question , but i don't ... the people i'm attracted to always end up being nts . i agree with the above post . doing these types of things for loved ones is a very isfj thing to do . my dad is an isfj , and my mom is an entj . now , i know charlie isn't anything like an entj , but my ... you're right ... he doesn't sound very isfj to me . he sounds like a p . i just don't see her as horrible , catty , smug , and self-satisfied . i'm not sure why we perceive her differently ... i plan to re-read the first book to see what i think . i haven't read it in 2 years . again , i think the things that happen to her are unrealistic , but as far as her personality goes , it seems closest to isfj to me . i also think that the fact that the story is from her point of ... do you agree then that she can't be typed ? because i'm interested to know what type you think she is if she's not isfj . first of all , the books are from her point of view . i'm pretty sure i wouldn't be thrilled about moving from a place like phoenix to a place like forks , even if it was my idea . i think a lot of ... give me examples of these qualities in bella . the only things i can think of are some situations with her friends , but honestly , they're all so shallow ( besides angela ) that i wouldn't want to be ... are you saying that every girl feels inadequate , doesn't like birthdays because it brings attention to herself , is clumsy , does well in school , likes to clean , and would cook dinner for her dad every ... haha ... so true . i'm not really sure about whether i'd put my romantic partner above my family or not because i haven't really had a serious romantic partner . i know what you mean though about rather spending time ... intj - 2 intp - 0 infp - 1 infj - 1 isfj - 2 istj - 2 istp - 0 isfp - 1 entj - 1 entp - 1 i enjoy dry / sarcastic humor the most . i love the humor of house and sue from glee ... they just say things that are downright appalling and wrong with a straight face like it's perfectly normal , and ... a lot of these things aren't unhealthy qualities . well ... i have a friend that i know is an esfj and another friend that i think is an esfp . a lot of things you would definitely apply to both . but based on my experience with my friends , i think your ... all yeses . literally . great ! deep blue a day where i have time to do everything i plan to ... including spending time with god , with friends and family , and relaxing . same with me . i am scared of awkward silence on the phone . i love talking face to face if the person is a close friend or family member . other than that , i like texting . i am super nostalgic . there are songs and movies that i only like because they bring back memories . i love to talk about the past and all the good memories we made with my friends . it usually does ... but the person who told me that is also a lot different than me ... probably an enfp , so i can see how she thought bella and i were similar . well i have the hardest teacher in the department , and i know for a fact that no problems done in class will be on the test . i haven't had a true / false question on a test since high school , and every ... like many before have said and my opposite : entp i have a few really close friends . here they are in order of closeness lol : enfj ( i think ) , istj , isfj , isfp , infp , esfj everything teddy said makes sense , and it does seem like you are more likely to be an infj . i would just like to point out that i'm an extreme perfectionist in every aspect of my life : work , ... oh i'm sure i would like abstract algebra better . i've had enough math and talked to enough people to know that . my problem isn't thinking they're boring ... it's just all i can do to halfway wrap my ... thanks , jem 11899 , that makes a lot of sense . the reason i wondered about her type is because i had a relative who told me that she thought i was just like bella . another isfj math major here ! and i definitely feel your pain . i'm in college now , and i'm about to take real analysis this coming up semester . not sure if i will survive . um ... i'm pretty sure this says it all . : happy : maybe stephanie meyer was trying to over-emphasize the love relationship since it is a romance novel . it wouldn't be the type of book that it was if bella put her family first and edward / becoming a ... the word pain makes me cringe . i think inflicting pain as part of my job would probably be the only way i could do it ... although i would also never choose to be in any of those positions that you ... i do see her compelling need to become a vampire as a selfish thing . i don't think an isfj would beg so much for that because one , edward doesn't want it , and two , it ruins the relationship with her ... hmm ... i can see isfp , but i think her work habits ( schoolwork , cleaning , etc . ) and her constant need to try to make everyone happy and please charlie and her mom are more isfj . also , she shows sj ... '