' i just added this : = = = beerans alternatives for p * ssies : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aedHYwGdNEc she did not mention the mooncup however , which is probably the best and most ... octavarium i also do not ( yet ;-) ) believe in the esoteric arguments and the mathematical number magic ( aka mathematical mumbojumbo ) which surround 432 hertz . this is one reason why i try to ... you guys are hilarious - you just cannot stop and escalate and escalate . there was no constructive commentary - you just belittled and ridiculed the whole thread . you could not even specify what ... yes octavarium , more comparisons would be good . unfortunately , there are only very few pieces to compare , as real 432 hertz music is currently very rare , especially classical music tuned in 432 ... brightflashes i prefer not to reply to your ramblings , i dont have the time . i do not even see an argument i could attack . you already said that you have absolutely no clue what i am talking ... octavarium i suggest you listen to the pieces . the holberg suite uses a432 and open fifths tuning , and the funeral march standard a440 ( it is not advisable to use a432 on modern pianos , they are ... i would prefer if my thread would not be disrupted by people who accuse me of being a conspiray nut or antisemite by trying to move me near a so called schiller institute ( gama rex ) , hatevote ... platorepublic well , what you call bias is exactly the point : tuning repertoire â € ” radford piano services , inc . the funeral march was obviously intended to show the difference , and that the ... platorepublic so you are seriously trying to tell me that the first version here is at best different or worse compared to the second version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOFlvUJHreg ... dear forum , please check out my thread at http://personalitycafe.com/infj-forum-protectors/1014722-classical-music-2-0-432-hertz-natural-tuning-dawn-new.html i started it in the infj subforum ... ... golden age of music ? dear fellow infjs , dear forum , i think this is of special interest to infjs :-) i would like to introduce you to a possibly revolutionary musical development - ... i think most infjs will be interested in this information : http://personalitycafe.com/science-technology/1003002-revolutionary-gardening-method-free-movie-back-eden.html hello , i would like to make sure this thread gets read here as well as i think this information is really important : ... i recently added another sleep related information , here : ( from here : health - health supreme ) home - inclined bed therapy ( ibt ) - restore & support your health for free - gravity , circulation ... i think i just found a probably very important information about the so called natural sleep , check it out here : natural sleep - as a source of strength and healing for english version and other ... i just added a few bits of information to the original thread in my forum very good general health tips ! here the additional bits : = = = read ... regarding vitamine c , you can also read two books by linus pauling online , here : https://de.scribd.com/doc/298282535/Vitamin-C-and-the-Common-Cold ... translation : i have the impression that you are probably a hypochondriac . i suggest you tell my tft screen ! <-- lol ( this is a reference to my last posting ... how to remedy flicker in led tft monitors : led monitors can cause headaches due to flicker - flatpanelshd i guess anyone who frequently works with computer tft led monitors will find this ... i wrote a few additional lines today :-) = = = advice specifically for women : if you are a woman , you have to have to have to watch this as early as possible and asap : the ... a few more good tips i recently compiled : = = = if you have a pollen allergy , consider getting this neat little device : pollex | tri ... thanks , i just uninstalled adblock plus and installed ublock origin :-) . i did not know adblock was purchased by google , but one thing is for sure , google is a data collector par excellence and ... i think i found the solution to this miracle : https://help.getadblock.com/support/solutions/articles/600092027-why-am-i-suddenly-seeing-taboola-outbrain-and-google-ads- this is most likely why ... yes i have adblock plus installed in firefox , and the forum still displayed the above mentioned ad , at least on that particular day :-D perhaps i got the wrong filter list as i am in europe or ... i do not know what adblock fam means . i guess you want to say that the personalitycafe.com forum has allowed a third party to displays these ads , but the content is not controlled by ... thanks . i cannot move the whole thread , but i guess a moderator could ... today i cannot see these ads when i move to the bottom of page 1 in the infj pictures thread : ... hello , this forum currently displays an advertisement , here : 497834 ( click on the picture to make it larger ) if you click on the link , it leads you to ( but dont go to the link , or you might ... the question is , if some regressive religious nutjob finally determined that the earth is spherical , do you then say no it must be flat because you are a regressive religious nutjob ;-) dear forum , according to the forum search , nobody here ever mentioned this book : ... this does not really belong here , http://www.amazon.com/Marketing-Evil-Pseudo-Experts-Corruption-Disguised/dp/1942475217/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1452340293&sr=8-1&keywords=the+marketing+of+evil but ... in the meantime i have come to the conclusion that atlantotec is a much better choice than atlasprofilax . i got an atlantotec correction about 2 months ago and my severe back pain which started out ... i would like to add one more link regarding the atlas story , https://www.atlantotec.com/en/ they seem to be very professional . they might be a better choice than the atlasprofilax guys . hui one more link ! natural health information articles and health newsletter by dr . joseph mercola :-) oh and , lol , the schneider slider pen is also available in medium : gourmet pens : review : stride schneider xb slider viscoglide rollerball pens i received the package today and they are great ! i ... i just added some information in the other infj forum home page and now copy it here for your convenience :-) here : = = = there is another probably important ... you can rest assured that i have researched the topic quite thoroughly on my own : happy : . but if you really assume that you , the kingofallalphamales , are the sole creator of my whole worldview , ... according to my research , the purpose of our life on earth on earth is to develop our souls . this , of course , only makes sense if the soul lives on . interestingly kingofallalphamales ... perhaps you want to check out my thread here ? http://personalitycafe.com/spirituality-religion/548242-if-you-want-learn-something-about-where-we-come-where-we-go.html#post17483162 i think you should listen to razare . perhaps you want to try this as well : ... for this question , you almost deserve it . almost : th_woot : : wink : i do not think that you researched the topic thoroughly enough , otherwise you would have run into corroborated veridical nde perceptions , and they cannot be explained by frying synapses or lack of ... three words : near death experiences if you would research the topic , you would soon discover that you are spirits temporarily living in human flesh ... bat if i am a little chicken , you are probably batwoman ;-) hm i think i just dont understand what chicken little means :-D i wanted to add that i think that earthing is a really important discovery , see this book : earthing : the most important health discovery ever ! - 2nd edition : clinton ober , stephen , m . d . sinatra , ... hopebest another good tip is to fill your bathtub with water etc . if the water system is about to break down . this way you can store a lot of water at once if you run out of containers . for long ... yes thats exactly right soulspark , i just forgot to mention :-) i agree with both of you , thats very well possible . thats why i also mentioned buy emergency food like bp - 5 or nrg - 5 . of course , alcohol is also a good option . or cigarettes , but i dont know how ... pinkopal 100 i did not say anything about sex either , you brought this up : kitteh : . my intention was to inform infjmeow that it is very often better to start relationships later anyway and thats ... thanks for your report :-) pneumonia can be treated very efficiently with megadosages of vitamine c . the individual dosage has to be determined by continously increasing the dosage to bowel ... oh and king , i hope thats not your video . lol : laughing : '