' i definitely can relate to all of the characters you pointed out ( especially esther ) , although i can relate to jane lane a little more than daria . ah , okay . i guess that makes sense . i've just noticed a tendency for people to villainize 4w3 sx but it might be due to the fact that , as you implied , that particular type varies a lot ( and maybe ... well , it makes me look weaker , for one thing . i just wrote an article on why ugly crying is empowering ( it's not up quite yet but it will be soon ) and it is but at the same time , i have to admit that ... i'm not sure why my enneagram type and instinctual variant always is on the receiving end of comments like this ... it sort of makes me feel as if people assume you're a bad person if you're a 4w3 sx ... you're right - that is the better phrased question . hmm , true , but perhaps because i've been dealing with this particular set of weaknesses for so long , i'd prefer to have another type's weakness . and that is such an intj response :) it's not that i want to limit myself based on an mbti description - it's that i happen to know the infp description is quite accurate for me and i'm not satisfied ... yep . out of curiosity , are there any other types that you or other intjs would change to , if you could ( our of curiosity or something else ) ? because sometimes i'd rather be an intj , entj , or infj ... so i responded but it failed to post it , so now i have to write my response all over . sorry about that ! i usually don't talk on the bus - i was talking on the phone and then the bus arrived and i was talking to a friend about where to pick me up . i know when i bumped into people because it was a very ... sometimes it does , sometimes it doesn't . however , i was simply talking about an instinctual reaction that i can't help . i cry very easily and confrontation makes me anxious . however , there are ... thank you . it makes me feel better that other people understand my reaction because to most people , i feel like i would seem crazy . exactly ! i've actually been called naive by quite a few people , ... so just now i got off of a bus where there was almost an altercation because of me . i was talking on my phone , carrying a backpack on my back and a large vs tote bag in one hand , and i bumped into ... wow . well , i'm definitely not wanting to ruin his life . i just don't want to keep coming back from his place crying because of how insignificant i feel when i'm there . maybe it's unreasonable to ... i saw some of the quotes you were talking about ! it was surprisingly similar . i just happen to have the poetry book that the quote is from , which is why i know that it's not a direct quote from the ... haha fair enough : kitteh : interesting . i admit that i'm not completely clear on the different functions , so it's hard for me to understand that what you're exactly referring to . what you are ... it's actually from a poet , i think , who coincidentally ( or perhaps not so coincidentally ) has the same first name of one of the characters from that movie . but now i desperately want to watch the ... yes but constructive criticism is still ... criticism . i get what you're saying , though - he definitely has said the exact same thing to me several times . he does claim that it's because we're so close ... yes . yes . yes . i know this might sound crazy but as an infp i think that we have a need for someone else to acknowledge how we're feeling . now , clearly , we know how we're feeling and so there ... i don't think i ever responded to you , so i'm sorry about that ! thank you for the props but i'm afraid that he's also told me before that i tend to keep silent for a long time and then explode ... hmm ... well , that's unfortunate , then . and you're right that it definitely hurt his feelings after i told him that his criticisms hurt me . i usually am quite empathetic , i think , but i really can't ... my dad has some variability in his n vs s trait , i'm pretty sure ( i laughed when i found out that none of our letters were the same , though ; it figures ) . as to your theory , i'm confident that ... agreed ! you really opened up a new phenomenon to think about . and for that , i thank you * curtsies in gratitude * aw , thank you ! i'm very happy to say that i won the challenge of writing 50,000 ... i'm not sure ... perhaps i am misunderstanding what it means to be an intj but i thought that while intjs might have a critical nature , they don't necessarily have to be so critical of other people ... thank you for your thoughtful reply ! again , i'm so sorry that it has taken me so long to respond . i'm sort of gearing up for finals right now , so i've only been on very intermittently . well , he's ... i actually really appreciate your concern , so thank you so much ! on another note , may i ask you a question ? what is it like being an intj parent to an infp daughter ? i totally understand if that's ... oh ! also , i forgot to point out that he has helped me a lot and has influenced me a lot . i'm an atheist because of him , he was the one who opened my eyes up to how beautiful science is , and he was ... wow , your post was really enlightening . i think that you're right that we interpret sorry differently - usually , when i apologize , i am not apologizing for my beliefs or my feelings but for how i ... well , yeah , in a way he is . but he's also really funny and intelligent . have you ever had a friend who can be a jerk at times but makes you laugh so hard later that you forget why you got angry at ... sorry for the late response ! thanksgiving and family ( and also , nanowrimo ) took me away from the computer . i understand what you're saying . at the same time , though , he isn't a bad person . i just ... so i've tried my best with that , trying to remain calm and talk about how i feel versus what you did , but that just leads to him thinking it's all in my head . so then i have to remind him of ... are you trolling ? i never said either of us were violent because we aren't . i was hoping for a more serious and thoughtful response , not for facetious remarks . i'm not sure it's that simple to walk away ... i value him as a person in my life and it would be really hard to go from seeing him every week and spending time with him to cutting him out of my life . i get what you're saying - and sometimes i think that i maybe mistake his inability to understand what i'm saying as him being dismissive - but in the case of what prompted me to post a question ... well , now that i'm back , this will be a very sinful place then : wink : artofbreaking fluff'n'fury * hugs artofbreaking * * hugs fluff'n'fury * * grouphug ! ! ! * okay , i'm done now : kitteh : lol . fixed and i did know ... i just was thinking about an intj friend that i'm having difficulties with and i guess i mixed up the letters . oopsie daisy . i'll leave the anxiety and panic to you , isfp ;) an entj ? i'm sure that this thread on criticism is perfect for your special talent of crushing peoples ' dreams . quick question : how many of your poor minions have you fired and lowered into a vat of ... so i posted a while back , asking about how to improve my relationship with an intj ( type 1 ) . i'm an infp ( type 4 , if that helps ) , and i find him to be overly critical of me , to the point where he ... aw , thank you ! i'm back ;) hopefully for good this time . sorry , life got a little rough and busy but hopefully after the quarter is finished it will slow down for me . so i'm not even sure which of the three ( low self-esteem , depression , anxiety ) started first , although i'm guessing anxiety . i've always been the anxious sort , which has sometimes battled my more ... it's basic economics , honey - 10 seconds is too much time and 1 % energy still costs more than my desire , with 0 % motivation , and what i would gain ( nothing ) . therefore , yes , it is too much energy ... wontlookdown aww ! you're so sweet ! * hugs * lol , i knew the photographer's name but i didn't really have the energy or the motivation to look up the girl . i think i did before - because i love this series so much - but doing that again ? nah . haha , no i don't think so . it's just one of my favorite photos from a pinterest board . haha , touché . first step to healing is awareness and all that : kitteh : on another more random note , your first couple words reminded me of lizzie mcguire .  ... omg , fluffy ! you're totally right . i'm going to change my signature so that i'm always leaving a trail of hugs behind , like a good infp . misspells the word too : kitteh : i've learned from some of my other intp / intj / estj friends that even robots have feelings , dear - unless you're an outmoded system that never received the upgrade that retsu mentioned earlier ... congrats ! ! ! * hugs you excitedly to congratulate you for achieving awesomeness * i'm glad that i came back to perc just for this : kitteh : '