' i'm not sure , maybe as was said she just thinks you would get along with her sister ? maybe also if she does not want a relationship but wants to know you it is safer to spend time with you with a ... i think that doing things you know you are good at , and giving yourself credit for it could help . like arcanesw 20 said , be in your comfort zone a bit , but then try to expand out of it , and ... i agree with some of the other sentiments , that trying to do something concrete and binding before you leave might not be the best approach . i think there are ways to express how you feel , without ... happy . slightly hung-over . i little light stress over the homework i ought to do right now . i just realized i send <3 ' s to most of my close friends , but never ever to the boy i like , despite the fact that i've told him how much i love everyone . it is interesting how feelings of affection ... just spend time with him , i suppose ? i think my fear of commitment comes partially from staying in relationships that don't work for me , and knowing i do that , so not wanting to start them . also , though , it is like , if we are formally ... leaving the house helps me . a small gathering of the right people would help me , too , i think . not anything big . oh yeah , all of those too . the ones i know are intelligent , sensitive , sweet , insightful and quirky . the one i am crushing so hard on is very considerate . he compensates for my fear with his understanding . can i really have an honest , unscared , maybe-romance with this boy ? he was sweet and reassuring in response to my fear , and i feel much better , secure in the fact that we are connected , and that we ... i missed the conversation , and am too tired to find it , but the last paragraph seemed so wise . i just want to add that falling apart is almost essential to growth , because in falling apart , you are ... i like them . i feel like they need a lot of low-level reassurance / acknowledgement . when i am well i find them very easy to get along with and keep happy . when i am tired , or unhappy , the energy to ... yeah . it makes it harder to make friends , for sure , and i worry about looking strange to them . what i've been learning , though , is that the more you do what you love to do , the more you find people ... i am afraid of commitment , and also get jealous , so i pretty much just have to not date . i was very manipulative before i became conscious of it . especially in relationships . i would make boys so insecure that i felt i could completely control them , and then get mad at them for being so ... i just want to talk to everyone about this boy , and i know to some extent i am using it is a way to avoid the things i don't want to face in my life . also , i worry that i am just repeating my ... it is perfectly reasonable to grieve such an event . just because you know those sorts of things happen , and that it may be for the best , does not mean that you will not be emotionally affected by the ... i am sorry . that sounds very frustrating . being in a job where you feel undervalued , and disrespected is rough . i hope that something very fantastic comes up . my dad is infp , so if i really need an fi fix , we can usually have a good talk . dating an intp , though , the fi was much missed . i don't think it is a necessity for a relationship , but there is just ... i put infp and enfp , infj , enfj , intp , entp , and esfp . i used to really love intjs , but recently we have not been connecting . i used to have major problem with strong fe users , but after a long ... okay , i am awake enough to give you more info , now . this boy and i spent some time together last spring , and i had a crush on him , but suppressed it , because i was already in a relationship . i ... bigotry food that is too sweet when people are mean how old are you ? i've found getting involved in my college community helps . i don't even realize i am heading to the bathroom half the time . i just go into overload and end up there . is this statistic listed somewhere , or did you just do the math ? if you did the math , do you have the number of posts that have received thanks , or just the raw number of thanks ( which include ... when i was a kid there was always somebody in my head watching and judging me . it was a source of inspiration . no more . sometimes it feels odd , uninspired , but i am healthier this way . ( tonight i am ... i've been maybe five times . i don't like them because i don't dance , shouldn't drink , get overwhelmed in crowds , and enjoy quiet , one on one conversation . i usually find that i retreat to the ... so hard , guys . i don't even know what to do . i just got out of something long . i need to be single , but the intensity is crazy-making . i've been with fe users for years , and i feel like i've been ... i guess i meant the relationship you are already in with her , just by being two people relating to each-other . i really don't know why men do that , though , so i've no way to make insight into your ... i feel like fictional characters often get advantages of many functions , without the associated disadvantages . sherlock is super-human , and maybe a type just doesn't fit him ? that is a tough question . i am sure it goes back to insecurity . if i knew you better , maybe i could analyze the specific cause . i think the best advice i have is not to let yourself say that . when ... i have pretty much the same advice , which is find a therapist you like , and can speak to . good luck . be as well as you can be <3 part of caring is genuinely paying attention to other people , determining what they need , and acting on that . there is no blanket way to care for everyone . some hints of types of behaviors that ... i can't pull off fwb , but it always seems like it would be a really practical , simple situation . it just ends up more complicated when it comes to actually living it . i don't know you , but it seems like confidence is definitely a big issue that you have . i don't know if you do this , but i wouldn't talk to girls about the difficulty you usually have in ... all of this talk about the sorts of attachments intp's do , or rather don't , have in relationships is startling to me . i've dated a few , and they seem rather attached . sometimes more than i am . there ... tired , anxious . worn out . lonely . loving . i need to do my homework . i just want to connect with people . i try to forgive as soon as i can . this is harder , if the person is my significant other , because i am worried about being re-wounded . i think it is possible to forgive someone , love them ( anyone , ... in a lot of ways life gets better after high-school , because you move out of your parents and become more self-sufficient , and in control of your own fate . i wouldn't be afraid to look for college's ... how old are you ? could you take college classes in it , or just participate in communities that are into it ? maybe doing really well , and having it recognized by a group could help your confidence .  ... okay , so just reoccurring , obsessive thoughts , like dwelling on the badness that happened between you ? i guess i would try to assess what sorts of feelings , or expectations you still have of the ... i've heard infj's complain of getting stuck in inferior function modes where images , tastes , or feelings are assaulting them . other times they get very sensual . my sister practically molests her ... autistic spectrum disorder really changes the way that a person takes in information and learns . if you just found out it means your learning opportunities have not been tailored for you your whole ... morbid how ? any compulsion to follow through on things ? it seems like you may have some generalized depression , too , just based on the way you phrased managing your duties . it seems like you are ... i am currently taking a class called species , sex , gender and science fiction we've read frankenstein and the island of dr . moreau . the teacher is painting a pretty strong connection between the ... i had to do this . i was posting in the ones for intx's and it just felt unfair . i would say our tendency to over-analyze the emotional reactions people will have or have had to our behavior , or ... wangari maathai mbti ... no luck good job on three months =-) it sounds like you've had some realizations since your relapse , which is good . good luck with aa and with life =-) arrogance , i suppose . maybe a combination of the two . i feel like i've met some who do not respect others enough to consider what they are saying seriously enough to take it as evidence against their ... i feel like they can sometimes suffer from paralyzing inaction , as a result of the fact that the ideals / standards they hold themselves , and their actions to cannot be met . also , arrogance .  ... '