' i would rather have teeth come out of my eyes ... just go in a dark corner at night in private to extract them and then go about my business , lmao ... :) would you rather kill 3 puppies or 3 kitties ? yesss i'm a huge nerd for gaming i'll join you guys and thanks for welcoming me [ emoji 4 ] ooh okay , i misunderstood lmao nice to virtually meet you too :) have you been in perc for a long time , btw do you think i'm obviously an infp or is it a bit harder to tell ? i'm not sure if your comment was written distastefully or kindly .. lol flourine i went through several of the threads and i'm pretty sure i'm an infp :) thanks for the help though . i actually have gone through some of the threads you linked to me . i just wanted ... yup , i'm a newb , and nope siree , i don't have a typing thread . i wonder if this thread is dead ... hmm . would anyone care to disprove or approve my type ? :) johnny depp , i appreciate his creepy vibes . a serial killer is about to murder you gruesomely . would you rather have your eyes be literally clawed and ripped out of your sockets ? or would you ... aggressively write in their journal until they realize it's making them ever more hopelessly emotional , frustrated , angry , and depressed .. proceed to cry their hearts out until they have no tears , ... mgmt-the youth * a timeless song , i believe . the absolute dumbest thing i got emotional over was a cupcake that fell on the floor . truthfully , there were so many factors that triggered an emotional meltdown in me . factors that triggered the ... * claps proudly , even sheds a tear * infp me : * holed up in my room , laying on my bed , enthralled in a book * estp dad : come on , stop reading , that stresses out your brain ! go ride the bike around the block , look at the birds ! i saw an ... i know typology is bull , but i love it . infp infp here . :) alone : hmm .. i'm so hungry .. ooh * looks in the fridge , walks away , repeats this 5 times * okay well , i have leftover spaghetti from yesterday , it looks yummy , just gotta heat it up ... my ever-changing daily routine on the interwebs : * thee youtube * then i go sip some mbti coffee at the personality cafe * random google searchups of whatever question may be eating away at me ... since i'm an infp , i would get stuck with an extrovert , and i suppose i would want to be stuck with an enfj , since we're an oh-so-magical pairing . i have never met or at least spoken to an enfj ; i'd ... i'm an infp and i don't understand this thread .. how sick do you guys get that you can do any activities ? ? ? when i get sick i just lay curled up in bed and die ... and maybe cry really hard because i ... i am infp , but i feel a similar way . my emotions are so deep and intense , it's very overwhelming . i very rarely ever express my sadness , as much as i'd like to , because i know how others have reacted ... i wish that i had a superpower of being able to look at someone and for them to be enlightened and see it all through my eyes . then , their ignorance would be expelled and they would wake up and ... really ? my theory is wrong then :( , do you have any advice being an enfj yourself on what enfjs want and need in a relationship ? i have never met an enfj in my life , but i feel like it could be an extremely beautiful success or a disheartening and traumatic failure . either way , the intensity between an enfj and an infp is ... my father doesn't abuse me , i have always tried to reach out to him but he doesn't understand so i have just stopped trying to talk to him about how i feel , i have tried journals and it has helped me ... snape from harry potter is an infp 4w5 being a 4w5 is intense lol , now that i think about it i probably do these things in 75 ° rain thank you :) ) actually its really cold right now in florida ( on my terms ) its 65 degrees the lowest but to me its freezing lol and there have been days when it gets to 59 degrees and raining and i ... thanks for replying . i am a 80 year old woman trapped in a 15 year old body . xd . for me i struggle with my emotions which are so extremely intense , i criticize myself so harshly i can never truly be ... thanks for replying . i am a 80 year old woman trapped in a 15 year old body . xd . for me i struggle with my emotions which are so extremely intense , i criticize myself so harshly i can never truly be ... i am likely going to end up insane . i am an infp with enneagream 4w5 and i have suffered and am suffering very much . up until i was 7 , my biological mother physically and verbally abused of me . a ... i am an infp and i love cold rainy days . here's what i often am doing on these days .. * staring out of a car / bus window and observing the beautiful movement of the rain falling down . * making ... i have been trained to do chores constantly since i was little so it's not physically difficult to clean .. if i put my mind to it , i can leave my room impeccably clean in a snap ... the thing is , i'm ... honestly thank you so much for this , i found myself laughing as well as i was reading your reply because his behavior was quite odd and what you said was exactly what happened , he sometimes acts as ... thank you so much , i realize that i did over share and i am regretting it really bad but i will hopefully try to take it a bit easier ... i am just stressed and i guess i wanted to tell him about ... hi guys , i wanted to make this thread just to vent and hopefully receive some feedback and comments ... i have this friend that i like and i think ( or idealize ) that he likes me ... the other day he ... thank you ! your compliment made me smile , i see your profile pic , you're really pretty as well 456874 there goes the measly amount of self esteem i have haha .. my insecurity made me regret this immediately after posting it but i'm just going to wait ... * lurking * i relate to this on a soul level . i wish people would notice how i'm different , how i like to talk about deep things in life and how i am genuine and listen to them , not just hear them .. how emotional i am and how much i enjoy little ... it's almost as if i get too lazy to interact with them so i just cancel cuz i don't really feel up to it even though it sounds like i could have a good time xd whoa thanks for the post that's really awesome she sounds like a beautiful human being inside and out ... i feel for you , i have been at that point of almost committing suicide as well .. that's when ... it's on anyone you have a serious crush on haha although intps seem attractive i wouldn't know i don't even know what type my crush is hello fellow infps .. i made this thread so you guys could post here and describe your serious crush like i have below . feel free to ( and please do ) make it descriptive . * disclaimer : it's long , ... hello fellow infps , i recently have made a new friend that i am seriously crushing on ... could you guys describe yours ? i'll describe mines right now and please feel free to be very descriptive .. :) ... i listen to songs that make me emotional . the emotions come in different ways : being able to relate and crying wanting to dance my heart out feeling badass because the song just goes so hard ... me : infp mom : istp dad : isfp big sister : estj little sister : esfj we've had many problems and i never knew about our personality types until i found out i was an infp 5 months ago . it has ... yes ! i always put off everything until i get to a point where i have to get it done . : frustrating : this is kinda inspiring me to make a written blog on tumblr about my infp life ... i'm so shyy though : blushed : does anybody ever leave a mess and put off cleaning it , then all of a sudden you go into beast mode cleaning it ? haha . today my kitchen was a huge mess and i was putting it off . i ate a huge bowl of ... kinda disappointed in myself because of this habit - - - so much creativity and originality and ideas bursting inside of me and i never seem to finish what i start . lost potential ... there have been ... when you daydream about who you're going to be in the future ... '