' we're notorious for our sardonic , dark , dry sense of reality . it's not that we don't care , it's that we don't like patronizing people or sugarcoating shitty situations for the most part . if he's ... dear god . alright , let's see . when you see a beautiful painting of the countryside with a little cottage , does it make you want to have sexual intercourse with it ? one can appreciate beauty ... as an asexual , i would describe it as being a lack of sexual attraction to either gender . it sounds like you're a heterosexual with a low sex drive . using myself as an example , i completely ... i only seem to go along with istp because it seems to least inaccurate of the 16 types . so many stereotypes i don't match . thankfully type is about functions and not stereotypes . demand to be allowed to drink the rest of their coffee . you're an introvert . you need alone time to be healthy . if people are going to make you feel like shit for that they don't exactly sound like great people to be around , honestly . hmm . i'm not sure . the differential diagnosis is essentially the perfect model for the combination of ti and ne . start with an explosion of ideas and eliminate them down using ti to figure out which of those ideas are ... sherlock uses a ton of ti but he also uses an ungodly amount of extroverted intuition . he has to be either an intp or an entp . there is no other option . considering how oblivious he is to his ... while i wouldn't say all , or even most istps fall into this category of avoiding conflict , i've certainly seen it in plenty of istps . enough to say it's not / that / uncommon . actually , i find ... oh shit , i had something for this ... i judge them . wanna go on a date ? type has less impact on religion that most people seem to think . take for example fi , which makes judgement based on internally held values . you might think a person who used a lot of this ... intjs and istps have a very different set of cognitive functions . things like , i am not overly organized , or , i'm unpredictable , are not very helpful . these mean different things to different ... what doesn't kill me ? had better . start . running . exactly what he's said . thing is , if this is going to turn into a larger issue ... if this is something you know you can't really do . do not under any circumstances pretend to be okay . it ... that's the point . any killing that happens in front of me , or prettymuch any member of my family ( we're all kind of like this ... ) would not be free of consequence . to be perfectly honest , this movie just seems like a load of propaganda bullshit . the basic idea that the second it was legal to murder someone everyone would go on a killing spree .  ... as though ... mbti isn't about defining people but understanding the mechanics of how they think . it's only 1 aspect of them . at any rate , the personality tests are designed so that the person taking them ... oh for crying out lou - the types are quite different . take this : jungian cognitive function quiz do you use extraverted sensing or introverted sensing ? ah , dear intjs . you seem to be making the assumption here that this is a 1 sided problem rather than a joined communication issue between you and a type you are very , very different from . i'm not ... my parents are an intj and an infj . guess who had developed their 3rd function by age 10 ? . _ . introversion and extraversion do not work that way . introversion is a mindset where thought processes focus internally , often by comparing or matching things with other things . when you're using ... unless you feel like you want to destroy him . > . > istps are rather classically offbeat and strange in various ways . especially during childhood . i have it on good authority i was a terror in ... okay , a quick note on iq . first of all , it is rather unlikely the school is running real iq tests to begin with , and even less likely they're being administered by a professional . that being ... i don't know that guard fully comes down for me . there's always some inhibition . maybe i've just never had enough in me . i've never got to be black-out drunk ... and don't really want to .  ... okay , so by far the least qualified person to talk about sex here being that i have no interest in it . but , you keep saying over and over again in your post that you take him at his word because ... yes . well , okay . i don't think this is really on topic to be honest . but it sounds more like a general communication issue than anything to do with sex . if someone starts sexual activity without the ... oh , i wasn't trying to suggest that istps are all asexual by any means . i was just responding to the claim that cognitive function preference could not possibly impact someone's ... well . urges . ... it's kind of interesting how anytime someone brings up being generally disinterested in sex , others rush to call it a physiological or anatomical problem , or deep-seated psychological issues .   ... : rolleyes : whoa , not always ... = sometimes i get the feeling someone's just going to keep talking no-matter what i do . at least if they're talking about themselves they aren't asking questions about me . ... http://gifsoup.com/view2/1605448/alright-ahm-o.gif ... so you think personality types are based on the test ? ... what ? o . o the test doesn't say anything . it's a tool designed to tell you your personality type . it doesn't define what the ... http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0152/1201/files/BAC_chart_grande.jpg%3F6 these charts are usually made from a politically charged standpoint ... keep that in mind . madd is notorious for ... so , i figure this is one of those threads where i either confused a lot of people over my own type , or am very pleasantly surprised to find out how many istps relate . typically in discussions ... i start feeling normal ... i can relax and be silly and slap happy . i don't ever get smashed or anything . i like having a few beers , i like vodka martinis , and i like scotch . but i also ... D: glenlivet 15 . :D i think ni is really under-appreciated sometimes . also , sorry . your first function is designed not to take in facts , but , to make judgement and come up with theories . your second , and third functions are the ones that take in information . ... as it turns out , nsa were just using my cell phone to do it instead . makes more sense i guess . fairly more simple than the toaster . ( although , frankly , i wouldn't put much past them at this ... do any of you fine istps have chronic or lifelong illness , disability , or pain ? if so , any tips on how you handled finding out about it , and how you deal with the day to day ? how did you get ... well , yes . that's the point . autism exists whether or not it is observed by others . whether or not a persons choices have any impact on anyone else or on their life , they still have autism . so ... qft jungian cognitive function quiz post results . i'm talking about a hypothetical controlled environment where autism could not exist by it's current diagnostic criteria . the reasoning for how they wound up in this environment is completely and ... the problem i keep coming to in this line of thinking is that it implies that if your life consisted of sitting in a locked , padded , dark box with no human interaction and no responsibilities , you ... oi , relax . i actually quite like intps myself . i tend to get along with them in general . they're quite nice people usually . the only thing is that in long term friendships i have a hard time ... '