' because they're our soul mates . whether they believe in soul mates or not . * headdesk * i hate how the walls are so thin in this place . it means that i can't cry . also , pseudolonewolf , sorry if you didn't want any response , but just as some encouragement : you are yet young , ... : sad :: crying :: frustrating : all the crying faces . all the stress . why is living in the world so difficult ? and why am i always the one doing one thousand and two things at the same time ? ... ohmygosh cannot handle that . when someone finally gets you without you saying anything , and you are just like ohmygoodness it feels so good to be understood . i love you , you smart person . and then you go cry sweet tears ... when you see a miscommunication occurring ( because people are not interpreting each other's body language , inflection , etc .. accurately ) but are so tired from all the other things like this you have ... depends on what age group we're talking . under 20 , more than two years seems like a huge gulf . after the infj is 20/21 and especially after she's out of college , i would say approx . five years max ... it's entirely possible i would continue a friendship and correspondence in that situation . when i have frienships , they are deep and lasting , and i put a lot of energy into them . and i would consider ... : bored : i feel like i would probably just die . if i really loved the person--warning : this will probably make zero sense--i think i might forgive immediately but never get over it . maybe . i'm ... really ? an entp would find my sporadic behavior * entertaining * ? and my emotional commitment issues * intriguing * ? dang , get me one of those . thanks . and : sad : i'm sorry to hear that . fe is swooping down upon me ... just wanted to say that i agree it doesn't make sense to claim that infj's wouldn't make good authors ( maybe conflicted authors--see samuel johnson--but aren't we ... ^ ^ agreeing with tatl 33 about infj authors . our empathetic capacities , our ability to see many different outcomes , and the qualities that get us dubbed visionaries are all nicely tailored to ... when you get embarassingly tongue-tied when you're playing the extrovert and trying to talk too fast . ( i just realized that when i trip over my words it is probably usually because i'm talking ... well , then , it's a good thing i'm an infj who doesn't do this . i react * just * as strongly to manipulation as you do above . i am not exaggerating when i say that i have come close to being ... i confess that i am really not into confessions . at least not confessions to other people . i like things locked up nice and tight , thank you . when you're coming to terms with the fact that you're coming to terms with the fact that you're never really going to come to terms with it . - _ - and this is one of the many reasons why we love you . my inner life is sooooooooooooooooooo complicated . it's not easy ... rationally , i know the idea of no one ever being able to love me is ridiculous . and i also think i would make an excellent life partner , an excellent wife , for the right person . i do worry , ... lol lol yes ... love is a serious , frightening , overwhelmingly beautiful thing . be good to her . thank you ! ! ! now i can go to sleep tonight without refugee's comment competely crushing my soul ... uploader issues ... i suck at this too . it's not so much that i lack ideas as that i am--no matter how hard i fight against it--one of the shiest people i know . and that especially comes to the surface when i'm ... ahhh people who pose as fighting against racism , then are racist . people who say they support women's liberation , but contribute to a culture that expects us to sleep around if we want to be ... until the time is right sounds like a ) she is waiting to decide if she really likes you before she kisses you , or b ) she has some very romantic notions about the first kiss . ( which i find ... obviously i don't know these people and could be confused , so keep that in mind , but this does not sound good to me . i think he should get out of this situation . if the woman wants a romantic ... congratulations on catching an infj . i think it's something we consider to be pretty important , momentous , etc ... even if we know in our heads that first kisses almost always are not good ... you actually wear socks ? absolutely . i feel so bad for them . and then depending on how pathetic they are i usually either give them the cold shoulder ( which i think is very different from what you're describing , jmmm ) in an ... charisma . you have it or you don't . i would have to first ask : how sure are you that he's an infj ? if he really is an infj , then i would tell you that it is going to be hard for you both and you should probably keep the relationship as ... the short answer : yes . absolutely . i did this two days ago . an infj ( at least , the kind of infj i am ) really might actively ignore someone , even if they had only good feelings towards that person ... because you're an ixfj . and they're hopelessly charming . yes . the constant struggle . houseguests are stressful . why must time exist ? wow . i was just judged , by someone who knew almost nothing and assumed almost everything about the thing they were judging . thank you for that . not . angerangerangerangerrr sometimes people literally have to tell me : you are exhausted . close your eyes . you know you're an infj when you're tired to death but instead of sleeping you've got your eyes wide open , giving the world a blank stare , willing your subconscious to spit out solutions to problems ... and when you're misunderstood . dear extp boy , i wish i had smiled when you begged me to smile . i wish i had spoken when you said hello . i wish i could thank you for saving me . i wish i wasn't so infuriatingly ... * * crying inside * * number one guilty pleasure : daydreaming . sometimes i worry about the extent to which i live in fantasy land . i get mistaken for an extrovert in small-group situations with people i feel comfortable with . mostly because i work really hard to make sure everyone in the group is happy , comfortable , etc ... even ... when you are at once too delicate to cope with the world and too strong to give in to it . when slamming the door on someone feels a lot less like slamming a door , and a lot more like ... : sad : yeah ... it can get really exhausting to always be the one with the highest emotional intelligence in the room . good luck with all that . and as i understand it , the proverbial doorslamming ... haha yes ... i have definitely done this . and while i have also observed and appreciated the reactions of the people i was protecting and the other witnesses , it's really neat to hear an account of ... '