hello , hi . i am typed as infj and i know myself to be one because it is fitting . i was tyoed last year and it really explains everything but before discovering this for years i didn't know who i was ... want to meet and greet some of entps here . this my my first thread in the entp . forum which i am posting out of sheer boredom but i am also intrigued by your laser sharp wit , your clever gaze , your ... hello , hi . i am an infj and i am 19 . my younger sister , 17 , istp broke up with her bf today and he messaged me saying : i need you to talk some sense into her . tell her not to be a fucking child ... well my father is an intj and my mother is a infp , rest assured it is a very bad pairing or it turned out quite unpleasant for them both . :/ me : infj mother : infp father : istj elder sister ( 21 ): esfp elderbrother ( 20 ): intp younger sister ( 17 ): istp younger sister ( 11 ): isfj younger sister ( 5 ): enfp painter ( when i was a little girl , i suggested my father to allow me to pencil-colour all the walls rather than hiring a team of painters ) well , my esfp sister wanted to be an astronaut so she ... haha , thanks ! but let's not forget that when i do vent ... i can rant for hours . no way judging others is wrong , especially becoming a dictator it makes you like hitler or closer to him than gandhi which i tell you ladies and gentleman is bad with a capital b . you don't need to ... when i started believing in my goodness for a minute ... not it was longer than a minute . our whining tendencies . ( humor ) when you always and forever second-guess yourself even when you are appreciatedby people . vent vent vent it's like this frustration when you've got a dent it's a feeling of unease when you gotta pay your rent and give back the money you have lent otherwise hell is the place where you ... i am sorry if that bothered you :/ i was clearly quite sentimental when i wrote this ... being heartbroken and all , anyways thanks i guess this ... there has been some misunderstanding because : a ) i am not an obsessive sociopath b ) i am talking about my ex-bf who left me when i was about 17 , ( and i suffered greatly as a consequence ) i ... i wasn't feeling myself yesterday , i am surprised you guys answered and thanks ^ ^ hey , hola everybody ! i'd like to ask what's your way of communicating with somebody ? your talk-style ? eg i reveal myself bit by bit to people i like . as in the personal stuff or stuff i made up so ... by accomplishing smaller goals ? eg picking that cup and washing it equals feeling see ? i did that i am not that lazy . : 3 hey so here i am to rant today . you can all either correct my grammer and mistakes , read it or simply ignore me because i have been there . anyways , whoever was kind enough to read this line too i ... true that :/ have you designed a plan ? i make schedules but i am equally passionate and lazy and a perfectionist , then i see all my weakness and go down to the dark pit i have come to shown love more ... it's really become a problem i am such a closed casket and i won't let anyone in . i don't want them to mock me for being different or think of me as lame . but i am tryingbaby steps each day ... maya , i am a 4w5 and it's tendency of my type to give in to fantasising , idealising , longing and suffering in the identity of a victimised lover . i noticed that he had no such delusions as mine and ... thank you maya for responding . i guess this is one-sided too . may i question how you got over it ? he is an intj and i am an infj . i was one month shy of 16 when i saw this guy chatting my sister online . my sister and i loved anime and so did he , we met that way . though i had plenty of anime ... this is kind of exactly my story . two years back i wanted to do cs , now studying it in high school and i am bored of it . recently my interest in psychology has developed a lot and i aim to pursue it ... this is very accurate . i am actually behaving in an idealistic way , staying true to my ideals and not seeing the truth of who i am . what would you suggest i should do as so i can be true to who i am ... i haven't been here for a while though i promise to log in here on daily basis from today . i have noticed a few unhealthy traits of myself and i am seeking for a good change in myself .. i think i ... hello fellow spiritual warriors ! i hope your soul is at peace if not may peace be upon you . :) i want real advice from people who can understand my insights better of choosing a career . i am ... :) the though of having a new start in uni is what keeps me going too everyday . the thought makes feel that after all this hardwork i will finally breathewhen i am there . may i ask what discipline ... hi ... i am going to reveal a lot so bear with me . i am a 19 year old girl and due to family and health issues i am still in high school and everyone there is 17/18 , so most of the time i cannot ... hello infps , i am in great stress over the fact that the scope of psychology or literature in my country ( pakistan ) is absolutely zero . everyone suggests me to go to computer science and it is a ... after a series of burning and crashing in relationships i decided to hold myself off from any love affair now . i promised myself to love myself completely before i decide to enter in another ... wrote an old-fashioned love letter in sixth grade to my crush . then , because it was fun , i wrote myself back and forth . and guess what ? some girls in my class found those letters and gave it to my ... i want someone to be utterly enthralled by me . whoever choses to accept me as i am from my head to my toes will be my hero . he would be honest to me and compatible with me . i have no idea how he is ... i am a liar . i lie because it is comforting ... but having lied all my life so i could look nice and please people ( as i have a very weird family background ) it has become a cold comfort now . people ... i love you ... all of you . thank you for being so strong , for yourself and in my time of weakness too . you guys are so loving and strong ... you pour out strength as easily as you love . you guys are ... i had one day where i saw endless silver sky and green land on a long journey . it rained all day ... i remember feeling free and dancing an hour in that rain . i was free of worries and depressions . i ... it feels like a lifetime of loneliness . there is no one close to me . no one to hold me when i cry . my family doesn't understand me . there is no one who loves and cares for me . i feel like an idiot at ... he truly gets me , i get your point . i have already made a decision but this helped strengthen it thank you . :) oh , i am staying away till i am sure i can do this without getting involved but i don't ... the marriage is not a done deal just a favourable suggestion or an idea of an arranged marriage . it is of course going to be on 6 years or so if both families still feel the same . cutting the tie is a tough job but you are right . besides we make pretty great friends . if i can't handle it , i will do it . thanks for letting me rant . hello , i am a new member to this site but i wish for some healthy insight on my matter i will keep this short and i hope i get good advices . all mbti types are welcome to answer . :) so the story ... hello , i am a new member to this site but i wish for some healthy insight on my matter i will keep this short and i hope i get good advices . all mbti types are welcome to answer . :) so the story ... logophile - a lover of words ! :) so i have heard that enfjs especially guys are attracted to the looks of a female ? as an infp i have a natural beauty personality and i would describe my casual clothes simple and decent . just ... i really do want to meet a male enfj maybe if i go out of my hidey hole more . sure , that is very considerate of you . how do you suggest we start figuring this out ? yes , sometimes i just want to rant it all out . i don't even want to write it down i want someone to hear it without judgement . :D behaviour : i would say i have good manners , i am either quiet or sweet or fun and crazy . habits : i like reading , gardens , watching the sky and writing . i enjoy music greatly . public interaction : i ... i am an infx , probably an infp . my reason for not being so close to people is because i am scared to be rejected . i have this fear , i had always thought that showing someone what was inside , what had ...