' my memory of an esfj . he is a back sword of love and hate . he takes care of his appearances very well for a single guy staying home alone ( most guy i know staying home alone at his age appear dingy ) ... lmaooo .. my esfj buddy is technology behind . i think esfj won't even bother to take the test . lately i've been dealing with a male esfj who has some traits you mentioned . i wish any esfj would explain to me why are these happen .. yes , he picking on people about appearances , my parents , my ... question for intp , do you think being banned such a fun thing ? like the cool thing .. :) i read that intp loves to explore in gaming , computer software hardware , technology nerd etc , thus forum is ... well done entertaining entp * throws paper to trash can * <-- where i wrote my question . i'll go with loki is an entj over infj or intj , who else ? :) i've been guessed to be an isfp lol o . o i never thought i am one . i took several quiz , 1 result was isfp , other were infj , intj or infp . i thought i will always be an introverted intuitive not ... i think i know my first esfj man , he is like someone said in this forum , a mother hen , he's taking care of their sons better then the mom , sons mostly talking to him then mom , also as taking care of ... you all look so cute ! even the girls i felt like could be their friend ( i rarely attracted to make friends with women ) and the boys .. oh .. i think i should switch from enfp or entp ;) all just ... exactly ! and why is that ? he jokes about ' how big someone's leg is that it could use to hit thieves ' or ' how big one's parents are like twin giants ' . i think it's not funny and a stupid way to ... i read each line til page 21 , no confession from esfj ? most : enfp entp least : infj finally i reach my 30th posts ! ! ! this site needs 15 posts to view everything and i did it long time ago ! ! ! which made me lazy to come back here because they didn't count my previous 15 posts ! ! ! ... i always expected some near romance experience in each episode . never satisfying tho :P roflmaooo .. enfp - some of you have gone wreck , wild , and no brain . lmaooo .. this is new . are you saying it for the sake of debating ? till when this error occur ? i have 1 unread message which i couldn't read and my 1 and only friend in here unfriend me tho in his profile i'm still his friend - . - hallppp ! ! hi fella infp . sometimes ... i'm not sure about that , haven't read more on hitler :) those face only appears toward those exxp type perhaps lol , who knows .. ehem .. sorry guys for interrupting your party , what is actually happening ? :P you look seriously funnn and crazyyy : o keep going ! ! i won't call the cops . it seems we currently are experiencing a number of random issues with the forum . these could include : ghost private messages , incorrectly dated pms , old pms becoming unread , phantom notifications , ... that's why we love entp / enfp . our ' dark side ' seems got thrown to the garbage by their existence . evil , satan , heaven , and hell just vanished . unconsciously at least i do and i have bad feeling about it , making others feel uncomfortable , so i adapt a bit to be more infp with silly gestures . you make me laugh and it's true , we are good stalkers . at the end of day you get the present you always wanted or most needed from us infj . entp - debate over nothing , such a waste of everything . they do , it's just many of them are stupid . i have someone i could trust and love me whole heart again . meh . t to balance my f , my family are mostly f type , many times it's exhausting . i find istp is a bit boring tho i haven't met many of them :) and wow criticize above you reach page 1950 and they say we are those negative ;) so here's the story .. he was visiting , i think of something so we didn't just get bored spending time only by chatting , a bit of being pushy i asked him to take the test , i read the questions , he ... gossips are fun to hear when you heard them from 1 or 2 people , it's like fun news on your break time of work , but a group of people it sounds like bullying already . just because they have same ... i'm sorry .. internet was messed up : it's only 1 negative people hereee * waving * ( but do as well be wary of the potential decrease in seriousness / quality of potential responses ) <-- it's ... :P lol thank you for coming in ! well .. i see in many forums negative threads got more attention than the good ones , am i wrong ? got my mbti test last time was infp , guess my personality change ... delete thread , double post :| slow internet '