' why do people ask anyone else do / think x ? , yes , there are other people that do / think x . if you want to discuss it discuss it , asking people if they do / think x doesn't really get anything other than ... certain individuals . the mean vindictive malicious types . i like penn and teller's episode they did on the harmful effects of gaming . particularly near the end where they compare it to football . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iX60j_rlTOA i was just browsing around the internet and came aross a discussion about younger girls seducing older men . and one person was talking about how it wasn't a black and white issue , that it was a ... i really like rdnetto said about it . lots of people say those kinds of things and actually believe them which sucks . but it's particularly painful for a friend to say you have no feelings or ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5ERsTs63OM never made me cry , but the whole movie choked me up quite a lot . i'm tempted to watch through it again , but i don't really feel like being depressed for ... i think that if you determine success by wealth , education , how many friends someone has , and other socially related things of course extroverts are going to be more successful . extroverts expend ... i'm getting all agitated just thinking about going to a party . there's just too many people . i like people , and it's not uncommon that i'll enjoy meeting a stranger and having a chat or whatnot ... a vet . i realize now though that if i ever had to put down a dog or a cat , or pretty much any animal it'd just break my heart . oh , i'll go get a screenshot i suppose . http://img228.imageshack.us/img228/9859/2011140001k.jpg just having a nice vacation at the hot springs . :p roud : her highest skills are one-handed ... trying to more often say what's on my mind , rather than drowning in the mire that is diplomacy and empathy . * farts * : old mellow emoticon : at work today ( at a restaurant ( another note : most of the people who eat there are elderly ) ) , my boss goes out to the front to help with the tables , and when he comes back he says talk about ... i don't like birthdays , or giving / receiving birthday gifts ( i similarly don't like christmas ) . i'd much rather do something for someone because i love them , or have someone do something for me ... since i'm in a thread titled emoticons ...  ... can we have the old mellow emoticon back ? or make a new one that looks similar . it was quite possibly my most used emoticon and the new mellow ... finances aside , i don't think i would enjoy living in two separate houses . i think i would like much more of the other person's presence than that would imply . i do think however , that it would be ... knowing napoleptic , yes . ha ha , i should continue playing that game . it's quite lovely . ^ . ^ is there even an ending ? o . o i prefer gentle cynic . : tongue : the opposite of the religious fanatic is not the fanatical atheist but the gentle cynic who cares not whether there is a god or not . – eric hoffer i haven't had a human die that i was close to . but i have had a few pets that died and it always hits me pretty hard , and it's not uncommon for me to be periodically weeping weeks or months or on ... i've always felt like an old man , but now i feel like a child as well . i think it's working pretty well for me . :p roud : i put neglected , but for a while there i was certainly rejected . elementary school , i had 1-2 friends , and didn't really talk to anyone else , in middle school i got bullied a lot and had to go to ... that doesn't look legit . : old mellow emoticon : ... yes ? you are trustworthy you are nurturing , kind , and lucky . like mother nature , you want to help everyone . you are good at keeping secrets and tend to be secretive . a seeker of harmony , you are a ... http://i.imgur.com/Y0pTu.png i'm not sure what's the deal with the green text guy . i'd be saying something like take me now . * shrugs * it's clearly not me , i'm a brilliant typist . ( yes i know someone else already made the joke , but i wanted to as well ! everybody seems to be stealing my glory today . * sniff * ) ha ha . i just came here to post that ! you're stealing all my glory man ! if you don't mind anime . i found 5 centimetres per second to be pretty heartwrenching . sleep talkin ' man and , my favourite one so far ... http://www.sleeptalkinman.com/audio/poltergoat.mp3 shouldn't that be bear ? from what little information i have . i would say that this hypothetical person is not having too much fun with his dating profile but , rather , is scared of being in a relationship or being rejected ... * hugs mendi * why do people seem to like singling out the females when asking intjs questions ? it seems , well , stupid , considering most of the questions aren't female specific ( e . g . periods , getting pregnant ) but ... http://i.imgur.com/hZJE9.png check check check aaand check . : mellow : i would change my gender to female , but in a sense i'd feel like i'd be tricking people or something . :/ ... i dunno , i guess i'll just stick with what my anatomy is . * shrugs * my goodness , what happened in this thread ? * shakes head in dismay * i found this part particularly interesting : as fascism is not an ideology deserving of an open forum anywhere . apparently we ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GDflVhOpS4E&feature=related http://i.imgur.com/xd61f.jpg i may have cackled a bit at seeing this image . : mellow : why ? i don't understand why it would ... : unsure : am i missing something horribly obvious ? i would want to comfort him , but as with most situations of that nature , i wouldn't know what to do and would probably just awkwardly do nothing . i'm also curious as to why it's directed to people ... i run my fingernails across my hand , and pretend that it's cutting the skin . i do it surprisingly often . : unsure : hey ! that was my quote ! thief ! * scowls * http://img833.imageshack.us/img833/7784/w8arr.jpg * sniff * such a sad tail . edit : hmm , let me try this again . there we go . dune series . cloud atlas . the art of war . whatever history books i've read . exactly , show some common decency people and hit the down button if you're going to die . gosh . i'm gonna have another go at this . wouldn't it be better to hit the down button ? because maybe you just think you're dying , and the closer to the ground you are the easier it is for people to help ... i thought it was something about going up to the top of the building because being higher is better . and the higher up you die the better you appear to others ( like in the way that a king sits on a ... who is the cutest ? '