' house is more of our goal . there , apparently , is a predisposition for us to like intjs in that our functions are opposites , maybe . yeah , of course , at that age is when these types of problems manifest . many , including myself , have this same struggle happening in our lives . blame the economy all you want but the actual goal is to ... mbti serves a great purpose in replacing old forms of understanding who we are . astrology will be proven to be an added flavor to the concoction and separated from the mix . the belief in that system ... nope , i want to do it still ... the only thing that stopped me was a lack of momentum towards that goal . i didn't see it as a realistic option back then . whats the best way to get a working visa from the us to ... anywhere ? there's options for volunteering to help countries that are in a rut or other causes ... i just don't know much about any of this ... when i was eighteen the option of tefl in japan was extremely compelling . this turns out to be a great option for me once again since i'm out of a job and have to move out on my own . have any of you ... perfectly ignorant in this situation in life . i have a volatile personality yet no pipedream to exert my energy on . taking a loan seems to be my only option . how can i make it when i know nothing and ... i would slap every one for endorsing a thread that carries synthetic validity ... but the inconvenience of doing so would make me late for work . heh , they could use some form of therapy . those are plagued tangents . think of snow white . she had a handle on her perspective ... she had people hired to kill , her mom was an evil witch , room mates ... i can't be too commited to a comment at the moment . i do want to climb a large mountian . plant a row of trees to make a maze . jump from the stratosphere base jump with a wing suit finish my ... avoid death you mean , this isn't the toilet ? i sailed from the marshall islands to fiji with my grandparents recently . it took 22 days to get into a shoddy port . the trip was taxing because we didn't have a practice sail . much of the gear ( we ... the handsome one ? i've been lacking consistency in my posts so i thought i'd go thread-fishing using an oblique reference as a lure . how art thou , monstrosity ? meet-up is a great tool to find things to do yet they all still require participation . otherwise you're window shopping for opportunities until you have a stack of options . that poses as a problem as ... i'll give proper examples tonight . i'm monitor lizarding this thread : 3 dastardly things * my phones auto correct is rebelling get out of the frying pan and into the fire . jump head first and what not . i do bastards thugs that people have trouble believing like riding a bike to santa barbara from santa monica or goof to a ... i've been thinking that most people who hate me are impatient and prone to having a ravenous diet of misinformation . if i really wanted to screw my friend jake's mom i'd be hitting her up from time ... that tropical sweat is murder on the face . moar skipped some of my pictures . : frustrating : spoken like a shamen , pose like a animal , play like a child , trick like an imp , and refine like a blade ... that must be my laziest reply yet . there are other things to do ! :d ry : both of those things ... let me know what you think . some of these are ancient . some are from a recent fiji trip . : crazy : i took that test and was too uninterested to find out how to get the html code for that box . did you have to pay for it ? oh , wow . someone said it . try learning a bit about gamifacation or implementing some renewable inspiration . motivate daily . being able to entertain others through my projects keeps me from dropping ... those are some traditional passions of our class ... the thoughts i have on life will be more appreciated in creative works rather than a rinse / wash / repeate classroom ( yet i know teaching isn't that ... i'm surrounded by idiots . this isn't a gang war . if you can't think of a way to be useful i'll mesh you into a cogwheel . a team is strong as its cohessive synchronization . if there were ... if you're bouncing off he wall , you should have enough energy to sythesise your own friends . down & down . sign me up for the entp team . well what kind of combat are we talking about ? i assumed we we're talking about instantaneous gladiatorial combat , no preparation , since that is my preferred method of deciding who would win in a ... hey man , i don't know - this stuff makes a lot more sense that certain religious creation stories do . maybe we can team up and convince people that this new religion is real . : tongue : and about ... a swinger party . [ / quote ] is it still a swinger party if the couples don't swap ? yes you are right . i need to remember to think that the future me should invest in gold . then the future me remember what he thinked when he was the present me so he does not forget to invest in ... as fast as the reader strips to take a litterary enema . someone would get rich . would you make it back to enjoy the spoils ? would you get lost in the fractured dimensions ? you'd he so lucky to live out the second ' back to the future ' . http://www.clker.com/cliparts/8/2/2/6/11971154711712468971BigRedSmile_A_screwdriver_1.svg.med.png you figure out what this means tell him the vc / nazis invented short shorts and knee ... i'd deviate to a leatherman . i can pry nails , smash windows , and hammer just as well . xd emotions move like tides . if i cause fun with jokes it has nothing to do with someone's emotions . usually , i'm expressing myself for the aesthetic sake of the idea . it's great to learn discipline ... wonder how this could work in day to day life . need to work on the dog-clicker human training . or sneak nicotine patches on people of interest ... then find a way to slip them off once we split . multi purpose cuffs ? interrogate ... fornicate ... : scoff : how do you expect a like-mind of me to be both hypothetical and serious . occasionally we may spurt out a more serious answer but that is only to tend to our next idea . paralyze him from the neck down . that way he won't be able to dress himself . [ / quote ] what's with the violence ? we could just throw a glorified pantyraid and eat smores over a campfire tindered with ... so people can practice their slapping skills , of course . [ / quote ] mosquitoes exist to test the level of self dicipline a buddhist monk has . we're all human but how long can you deny a itch ;D . he always plays the deity roles in his movies ... unless he's a young stoner , and the funniest part is that having power doesn't change how he acts . might mean something . i would guess infp . hitting an airplane in a week and i'm wondering how much trouble bringing these plants on board will cause me . 1 x silene capensis xhosa dream herb roots size : 1/2 oz ( 14 grams ) 1 x amanita ... tantric love making is a divine trance that people balance within until the couple falls from the stars . kissing the moon is always fun yet can become addictive without maturity . the misuse of this ... 1 . sporadic 2 . liminal 3 . diverse 4 . volatile 5 . arbitrary relativity exist in how people enjoy fucking acording to the participants and environment . i've had sex with about 10 people who've all said i'm a pleasure god but i won't let thy impose the idea of ... '