' what the fuck is the major ? now this sounds fun and constructive . no , they'll be expecting that . we go right for the middle , work our way down , and then jump up out of obscurity into the big leagues . they won't see it coming . some free advice from my own student advisor : don't tell yourself that you should do something , or that you will do something . tell yourself that it's in your best interest to do something . for ... sounds to me like you're the woman . the spouse of the man . you should be ashamed of yourself , pretending to be on the side of the of oppressed and raising them up just to be slaughtered by the ... does controlling others through deception include telling them a lie in order to get them to do something that would prevent them from dying in the next 5 minutes ? another possibility is avoidance due to anxiety disorder caused by stress . it kind of masks itself as depression for some reason . yes . you know i'm sure , that imagination is currently in shackles ! bound by our society ; by our fellow man ! we must free imagination before it dies in the disgusting rotting hellhole of a prison ... in that case i also ask for a small donation . imagination isn't free . you started it ! we have absorbed this thread into our board and we are now in control hahahahaaahaaahahahah fight dirty , kick ass . that is all . thank you , for that wild tangent . i don't know much , but i like the idea of some new way to pay for black market items . makes the world a little more interesting . 6w5 3w2 9w8 the golden triangle , tipped on it's left side . monte cristo / gatsby level , clearly . i invite you all to the party in my head . admission is paid by you not laughing at me . run at them with a dog mask on yelling woof woof , raaawr woof ! while flailing your arms and shooting fireworks being held by your mouth . then when they run away , curl up into a ball on the ground ... * angry high-class british voice * six pages ? six pages ? begone with you . just throwing this in because this thread is too fucking long to read through : if both parties are drunk , neither is able to give consent . this includes the ' attacker ' and the ' survivor . ' i ... * cough * yes . why is it that i hear the same damn thing from intj's ... you loved knowledge , you hated studying , you ended up with mid grades but beautiful tests and essays . is there no one on the other end who ... haha , glad to hear it . i voted for every option . i don't understand your anger or your post . aw lawdy , here's comes the next microsoft . when you start selling public stocks , let me know . that's a damn good person to stay with you for five years without needing to know anything deep about you . this is my first time here , and just from the first page , i can say that you people are interestingly crazy . and sex-crazed . i guess i don't know . i don't ask people what they think of me , and no one has made it apparent . this sort of annoys me though . this is a good thread . i believe a good strategy to small talk is to practice . as weird as this sounds , i'm serious . and : you won't have any anxiety or fears about screwing up small talk practice if ... hear that ? we are emasculated infjs . we are wall-people . search the forum for ' wall people . ' i'm not sure if it'll help , but that is my advice . guess who voted for * every * option . aw lawdy , we got an intp . here comes a long one . side question : what does it mean to take someone for granted ? edit : no , i did not read alx 7 ' s post first . recon , pick your ammo , surround the enemy only on 3 sides , psyops , don't step on a landmine . facepalm clear ? i don't . fuck that guy . apatheism wooo ! popcorn popcorn popcorn and my new lazy-boy ! this gun ' be good ! i would hope it does ! that's damn close to being a tenth of our average life span ! i thought that was 8 . this is why i like you guys . keeping us in check . changing my vote from no to yes anxiety as a child , mild depression starting in junior year of high school . weird , eh ? and some sort of tick as ... naaah , the fbi agent or prosecutor who brings down the organized crime lords the one time i argued with an intp i got this too . never again , friends ... never again . we just don't have that communication and understanding . my point was that he was close-minded . his was that ... i'm gone for a couple months and come back to this ... jeebus . and let's clear something up here : coffee does not give you an ego boost , it gives you a temporary energy boost . your ego is your own , ... ... do i want to ? no . my ' thanks ' are special . i'm not some ' thank ' slut . how is it that so many of the people coming on here to ask about intj's already know so many intj's ? that one lady worked with like 5 , you know 7 somehow ; this is crazy . sounds very similar ... i've never seen a cat so active ! an artsy art . yes . ohhh ok . that's crazy , i'm gonna go see it now . gotcha , thanks . most-likely dysfunctional ? aye , you got further than me ... than a lot of people . waitlisted is pretty damn good . a very smart , very intense , introverted asian chick and i ( white male ) both applied from minnesota last ... i dunno , i've never been good at interpreting art . he was banned in late january / early february . because his posts were crap . including this post . '