' ahx85.the story of my life :) i have a tendency to sound like a know-it-all , but i feel extremely guilty about giving too much advice at the same time , just want to help . i'm extremely wordy once you get me going or i'll be ... to be open minded about everything first , assuming i don't know rather than i do know . - just one of many rules i have :) cacf :) mostly feminine but parts of me can be masculine in the sense that i take charge if need be , i like to flirt with my girl friends lol , practical in terms of getting things i need , hate girl talk ... i agree , definitely think he's closest to esfp but i can see a little enfp too . aww my pleasure and thank you for taking the time to listen :) it's only natural that we feel attraction and deeply want romanticism in our life . but sometimes i think the best way to learn how to ... ah , i can see that too since i guess she's less internalizing but more actualizing . btw , i don't think there are many outgoing infjs although we can be if we feel the need to . often times , it's so hard to open up because it's easy for us to see the negatives in human nature and ... i am most sincere when i'm with one other person , face to face . when i'm in a good mood , i am more open in the sense that i'm willing to show parts of me that i normally don't show such as my quirky ... ah , i see . for me , when i feel safe and secure . that is when i'm with only one other person , who i trust , in a quiet place who is ready to listen and lend their support without any judgment or ... imagining written words before spoken words , said rules captivate our lips with intolerable dread . sorry , female lead , but sophie from howl's moving castle for myself as an infj , i still don't know what my true self is . i am very aware of my principles and beliefs , but at the same time , i am pretty much open to all ideas so who knows what i will be like ... this is such a dynamic time but there's plenty of time to find yourself . for myself , i know that if i've been disappointed in someone i care deeply for , it changed my whole outlook and i've taken to ... although i can't speak for your specific relationship , i can speak on relationships in general . complete validation cannot be given by another it can only come from yourself . all healthy ... all of the above ? all those points pretty much summarize my life haha . kpop--don't judge . i'm stressed and kpop is always my go to pick me up lol . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoObTyYr814 mysterious and unknown , the images unshown concealed in part the motives of the heart . 5w4 , 4w5 , 9w1 here ! 2 . bittersweet venting and sighing writing , but lying ? frequently plying , gnawing but trying . a storm of spewed words , tattered with pen swords . spattered across a page of thin air for i know that it's ... haha thanks ! i just randomly went on a poetry spree without even noticing . sarek , compromise only gets so far , and i think it's a great approach to be able to decide when to do what ! i too recently learned to practice firmness with those around me but admittedly i don't ... i like that you have a spiritual search which i find is so important in making us honest with ourselves . here is what i do . i often don't offer my perspective to others unless they want it because ... venting and sighing writing , but lying ? frequently plying , gnawing but trying . a storm of spewed words , tattered with pen swords . spattered across a page of thin air for i know that it's ... bottle - - in dedication to those who struggle with any addiction or who have endured the hardships accompanying another's . dank , empty , frosted a little tempered , a little crusted . arching each ... nemo delving under the blanketed warmth of a watery canopy sinking in mirth , i've glided too far and traveled too wide to return to a home of thin tides . cerulean skies and shifting ... does this ever present a conflict for you ? it has for me . i don't use this tactic frequently , only when i see it being necessary . but again , one can argue isn't that subjective to me ? yes , this is ... i can see your point in regards to providing a quick , efficient solution by leading people to think a certain way or to convince them in order to dissipate the situation . i've done this quite a bit ... i was wondering if there have been times when you have taken advantage of someone ( may be not take total advantage of them but just some slight manipulation ) because it is relatively easy to read ... keeping to oneself drunken banter that inform about depths to each soul , beliefs that unfurl , reach deafened ears carried by muted tears that which is better sworn growing up ankle down and shackle down that formless brace that casts disgrace paralyzing features interminable creatures that haunt and maze the innocent trace the word untoward unsheathing scathing sword cuts and pierces to the core truth , i abhor dark plans in the night break forth that twisted sight raging forth the human plight to dupe a man in form or jest that pleasure found in giving a test duty free in ecstasy following the cares of a mere fantasy 117162 sorry to hear that . i'd say the best thing to do is bring it up when she's in a relatively good mood and ask her directly . be ready to defend yourself by stating the facts as calmly and respectively ... have heard that a lot in my younger days when i was coming to terms with the world around me . i've since learned to be more distrustful of myself and try to assess things on a case by case basis . i ... 1 . otter-playful and intelligent 2 . panda-calm and easygoing 3 . elephant-depth and wisdom that makes them seem almost human haha yeah i'm an infj , and my mom's an estj . growing up i definitely had these issues . needless to say , i was usually the one who gave in and compromised . btw , they don't appreciate you laughing at ... business only---i hate the whole social media thing . fb / email are the only things i keep up with because i have to . i prefer to use my physical senses to connect with people i . e . conversing in person ... indie films and foreign films lol but only in doses ( i have a feeling a lot of infjs can also relate to this ) occasionally deeply moving and introspective films also in doses . most of the time ... 1 - - my motherx 85 . i don't really trust myself i can relate to your concern as a female and as one who didn't feel up to par with the rest of my female family members . i think insecurities are something that will never go away , but you can ... oooh , may be . i know i have terrible hearing and eyesight . in order of worst : hearing > sight > touch > smell > taste . i think my sense of taste and smell is pretty good , however . possibly because i ... infj-i actually flirt with everyone else ( both genders because i'm weird like that lol ) except for the person i'm interested in . the person i'm interested in , i'll be super interested in what they're ... i can relate to that . i have a difficult time with creative writing , but i have an easier time with analytical writing . sometimes , that's the only time i can really organize my thoughts in some sort ... there's so much i want to express , but i end up just contemplating about it . i always have this feeling of angst like i have a million things to say and countless ideas but they never get out ... '