' bump definitely feeler type , that's for sure . i hate commitment . the way i see commitment is like someone telling you hey , you have to do this thing because i said so ! the fact that someone else is controlling me because of their own ... but ... i love anime and films , and don't like rappers and basketball ... i do like clothes though . someone who gets me . i like that label . presently analytical is also a good description . i feel you man . i dropped out of a lot of college courses . trying to dedicate myself to one career has been a challenge , i think istps really need an exciting career . hm , interesting . i think it's the opposite when it comes to the major . she seems more istp in the series , whereas in the movie she seems a lot more half istp / half intp . but i'm not sure if their ... serial experiments lain what type do you think lain is ? i've seen her typed as intp before but curious what you guys think . 675594 what types do you guys think the main cast of characters are ? i know people will try to use functions to explain intp and istp but honestly just look at the differences between n and s . which one seems more like you ? i'm an istp , for the record . do you ... figures ! like i said , i had myself typed as an istp for the longest while . hey , thanks for continuously replying . i learn best actually doing something , which is why i hated school : i like learning as i go along , being shown what i need to learn , as opposed to just ... anyone else have a conflicting opinion to the general consensus or is it unanimous ? maybe i don't realise i'm thinking when my mind is blank ? i think what i meant to say was that i'm often kind of away from my physical reality , i tone out and just sort of ... just think about random ... i would appreciate that , yes . i definitely think i'm ti dominant though so that may rule out being infp . bump ? here's a questionaire i did , pretty sure i'm either an istp or intp ; not sure whether my secondary is ne or se . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... this scene is very istp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHt2fUEhGvw hm . just try a little harder to get to know him . you're better than 99.999 % of girls who wouldn't even bother to talk to him first . give him some signs you like him if you do . i know for myself , it's ... i like feminine girls , because me myself i think classiness is pretty important , especially for myself . then again , i would appreciate if girls would approach me ( shy ) . i know it's a masculine trait ... i'll be your enemy . ;) when ( mostly ) girls are obsessed with physically making me smile ... i don't get it . sensors also do a lot of thinking , especially ti dom . but being a sensor is noticing details and feelings in the moment , and when there is not obvious external stimulation , i feel basically very ... online : intp is overrated . their pretentious vocalisation of the requirement and assertment of the value of intelligence , and their superiority over it , annoys me . but irl intp's are the chillest ... it's not a boiling kind of mad , rather a long simmer that eventually dies down . : tongue : if i'm angry , i become pretty quiet , and i'll take my agression out on whatever i'm doing ( putting stuff away ? throw it . taking out the trash ? whip it . someone in my way ? i move them . ) and everyone ... i like really dark and offensive humour . it's not something i really care about , or think about ... if i really like them , i will accept them , and if i can't change them i can't change them , find someone else if it really bothers me . i don't ... istp 1 . don't care about taking physical things apart . 2 . i don't do extreme sports . 3 . i'm always early . 4 . i can be sensitive . 5 . i wasn't jockey in high school how pathetic i am because i can't get a girl i like to like me back if my life depended on it ... and yet everyone thinks i'm fine ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YnzgdBAKyJo istp i can't stop talking and elaborating ! i think i'm just an istp . no one is ever a cookie cutter type , but i feel most like this type . oh boy we've gotten nowhere haha . you guys wouldn't agree on maybe intj ? te has a case because i sometimes think outloud a lot . just for the heck of it , simply to experience life . have an adventure . i'm not a very materialistic person . yes , for sure . :) i'm an istp and that basically sounds like me , except not sadistic or manipulative , just not empathetic . i really could care less about social speculation . bored easily would mean ... for example , i get bored of watching tv shows which is why i basically just play video games on my spare time ( winter in canada , nothing else to do lol ) . even if a ... 1st mention : not really . 2nd mention : nah , just generally getting bored of one idea . i don't really do what that intj picture said , only sometimes when thinking about my own opinion to be objective as possible . i am not fond of the theoreticalness of school because i'm anxious to ... new challenging views and concepts don't necessarily energize me , but i find new concepts about space and time usually leave me in awe . i would build up an idea brainstorming with others .  ... need to live the experience . my views are pretty agnostic . there's nothing i really have a set opinion on because everything is so subjective . i'm pretty open to new concepts , and i don't mind ... hmm , well i used to do a lot of screenwriting , and i would obsess on how to progress the story and get a character out of a certain situation to get them where i wanted . i'm also fond of games that ... hey thanks for your reply and response . for sure you wouldn't really consider me an e at all , i'm too quiet and reserved imo . i'm an action first kind of guy btw , i like to do things , i was never ... i agree with a lot of intp things but i'm not sure if i really fit the intp image . i'm not a theory person . i can really relate to both , but i feel more s than t . why intp over the two others ? i'm not really a detail person though . i notice details in the moment , like breezes , sounds , what other people are doing , where things are coming from , etc . i'll ... hm ... interesting . i usually score intp on quizzes too . i feel like i'm too superficial for ntp . everytime i read their posts , i don't sympathize with their constant localisation of the importance of ... kind of confused on my type . sometimes i feel like i don't fit the mold of istp because i'm usually organised and in my head a lot . https://41.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m7ok41madK1rbmatio1_500.png ... please delete . '