' my favorite one was when a life long friend asked me in detail how to get her boyfriend back . i told her for days she shouldnt , he is bad news . she got me drunk , i told her in detail how to do it . ... finding the best way to say i really really do not care to hear about your troubles , unless you're asking for a solution . going to start carrying around my camera everywhere i go again . it's one hobby i never should give up . sleepless nights into aggrovated days . stop wasting my time and think for yourself . your ignorance is not cute . i am a canon user as well . had a rebel t3i for awhile . until i lent it out to a friend . he managed to snap the base of his wide angle lens off , while still attached to my t3i . it was shoot . would ... i believe this was directed towards me ? i might need you to clear somethings up , but i think i get the gist . you want to know what the situation is between you two . if he is interested or not . but ... it appears i need to start talking to more istp females .. a stranger at a bar says you're a fantastic listener ... then you realize they were talking to you . manipulation is very easy to do . but its not a type indicator trait , it a personality trait . yes istp may be better at it then some , but its not a trait we all use . ... i just remember they are photos . they are not actually looking at anything . yes , it seemed to boil down to the golden ratio , and nudity ( or implied nudity ) . if i generally seem interested and talking to you ... pretty simple . when i am interested and stare away , it normally means i feel comfortable enough not to say anything . if you try to stare up a new conversation ( something interesting ) . he might turn back and have a ... not much worse then when i had a wall full off my models pictures up in my bedroom . trying to decipher what made photos more liked then others . really got creepy when i brought someone over . it is a consideration . the film is nothing outside of my price range , but i just wonder what i would do with the polaroids face collage maybe . 1 . ) prefers fact over theories :: yes . but theories are fun to test . 2 . ) criminally insane : no . 3 . ) rebellious : depends on your meaning . form to all social norms , no . run out on a bill at a ... 3d modeling systems isshin ryu digital photography tools ... in general driving fictional erotica i need to breakout my camera again . i am starting to feel bored . ha , my apologies . i added it while on mobile , and for some reason , it didn't replace my old signature . your story at the end about your grandfather . i enjoy hearing about history when it involves people's personal stories . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better than ... a fantastic tale . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better than you . i added it while on mobile . so it placed it where ever it placed it . now that i know it really does look like part of my message , i'll fix it when i can access the website . i maybe crazy , ... i'll need yo change font and such when i get a chance . distinguish it , from my replies . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better than you . yes , i am turning 26 . i stop being carded around 4 years ago . my coworkers ( i've been here for 6 years now ) all thought i was in my thirties until last year when i was in the country to celebrate my ... comedy and booze . simple enough . no need to call anyone , or go out . just drink , forget for now , and come at it differently later . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it ... my engagement with assholes are simple . if two sentences won't make them leave , a punch to the jaw normally works well . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better than ... yes , i consider myself both earthly and sexual . sex is a very useful act that i enjoy as often as i can . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better than you . high school was fine . college was better . keep in mind high school is only suppose to provide basic skills . and most of your peers are full of shit . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; ... father was a marine corp . sniper . he taught me how to read and look for body language and microexpression . i am decent at it . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better ... i was taking photos downtown on a tall building . a cop came to tell me i shouldn't be up here . he tried to detain me . i jumped to the fire escape and ran down . at the bottom i fell and busted my arm ... in another meeting that should have been a fucking email . i maybe crazy , cynical , or sociopathic ; but just know i do it better than you . when talking to your boss in a meeting . find out who's in there with them . dropping hot coffee on your lap and loudly saying o fuck is not good for customers to hear . it does feel that way . just means when the rain comes , it'll be humid and sticky as an orgy in a car . i figure i should do this . my name is bryce or bear . i am a mechanical designer , working for an antenna company . my test result seemed to have fluctuated between intp and istp over the last 10 ... i agree completely with you . if you lived in new york , and used public transportation . would you be worried about an extremist blowing up a bus with this advertisement on the side . actually , there is a list of cities ( san francisco , chicago , etc . ) that have had their share of messages like this being displayed . some quoting the bible or quran , others mocking religious beliefs . i can tell you this , last wednesday i was cooking out for a few friends , on monday the wind turned over a semi , and this morning , there was a light dusting of snow on my car . why we have not ... with yet another controversial advertisement being discussed in the media . i am interested in the thoughts of my peers on these ads . would you ride a bus with some sort of hate message on it ? ... from my understanding , it has something to do with the lake michigan . since that big bastards like to act like freezing ocean . currently , finishing up night watch : discworld #27 by terry pratchett . i do , but it don't mind it too much . growing up close to chicago , you get use to the cold and snow . dear bed , i am sorry i left you , but the world is calling . it needs a lesson . p . s . i will return as soon as i can . regards , istp . x93you can't give her that ! ' she screamed . ' it's not safe ! ' it's a sword , said the hogfather . they're not meant to be safe . ' she's a child ! ' shouted crumley . it's educational . ' what if she cuts ... i am going to have a cigar , scotch , and a fire today . alone . sounds fantastic . i would build castles out of cardboard , took apart a vcr , and bongs or pipes out of alot of things . http://images.tapatalk-cdn.com/15/04/16/7b1efcfadb47d011e558b874abc743c0.jpg how's that ? i like to leave for my birthday . just get out and go to another town . get a few drinks at a bar , go to a zoo , see an open mic . just tell no one . if i do stay intown . i have am few friends with ... i am on faceboom . but it mostly is to keep in contact with family as i travel . i rarely respond , almost never post . the idea of having an istp relationship has not often crossed my mind . the silent adventures would be amusing ( at least on my mind ) . remember cinnamon 83 , men have two heads and enough blood to ... they say they enjoy the fact i just act . no questions . but you try and take one monkey from the zoo . and all of a sudden there has to be a court case . '