very well said . from a cognitive function stand point it makes sense . from an outside observer , it may seem like a case of opposites attract but fundamentally , that is not the case . appearances can ... i hear there is a bit of an attraction between intj's and enfp's . is there any truth to this and if so , why do you think it is ? i can relate to this very well . i joined a fraternity , partied and burned out . i found out that i like people , nothing against them , i just don't need a ton of social interaction . i am happy with a ... i have a feeling , free and gentle as can be , like a cloud on a warm spring day . a feeling once so strange but welcome to my world that had been made heavy with the crushing weight of loss . like a ... i made an intro years ago , made one or two posts and then life got in the way . making more of an effort this time so i thought i would make another introduction ! for the mbti lovers , i test intj 99 % ... 490578 sorry , fat fingered * feeling * i would say infj .. 1 ) much like the national car rental commercials ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VLPuI7cqX84 , i am said to be a control enthusiast . i can ’ t disagree but i think i care more ... the first time i tried wine and beer , i liked them . the first time i tried coffee i didn't but then when i tried it again at 22 , i loved it . tastes change as we get older . there are certain alcohols ... i wish i would have found this 6 years ago when i was 19 and trying to figure my life out . it is still great to read this today but i think this would have saved me from a lot of suffering . at the ... i lean independent but with what could be called socialist leanings . just for supporting evidence . i just took this 2 minutes ago and it is intj again ... your preferences : introversion ( i ): | 64.71 % extroversion ( e ): 35.29 % intuition ... hello everybody , how is everybody doing ? first , i have no real clue what my personality type is . i have taken the test multiple times and most consistently test intj though i doubt the accuracy of ...