' i can understand the irritability that comes with boredom . just try and find something to keep you busy . : 3 i'm a scorpio and a rooster . the specific year i was born in a place during the cycle that makes both my signs water . so , i'm a water scorpio and a water rooster . water ~ i've always been more of a dog guy , but as i grow older and experience more of dogs : i hate dogs . i hate cats , too . but , they're more tolerable in longer term situations . they're needy little ... i dealt with unrequited love for over two years . it drove me into insanity and horrible depths of self-hatred that destroyed a lot of my relationships with friends and others ; including the person i ... it's good to see you , too , prince zuko . thanks for the concern . how has life been treating you ? well , everyone , i've missed you . who the hell is this , punk ? i'm sure you're wondering such things . well , i'm inverse knight . does anyone care ? i don't really care if you care . the ones who care ... hey all , it's me , again . who am i ? well , if my memory serves me right , i was inverse knight , over on the infp boards . i went through a really rough ... year . drove me temporarily insane and i acted ... http://i630.photobucket.com/albums/uu25/Vagrant_Samurai/1222120916-1_zps89481dd3.jpg the eyes of emotional insanity . of a wanderer . of a paradox . my life is an emotional roller coaster . that and i'm becoming a bit more superstituous . i was putting on my glasses and they just broke . right ast the nose . that can't be good . went to grab my ... i saw the movie a few months ago with my friends . joe's an idiot and this entire movie could have been avoided had made a single intelligent decision . it was enjoyable , but i hated that kid . his ... i'm glad you enjoyed my awful sense of humor . - slowly takes off glasses and cocks eyebrow - hey sweetheart , how you doing ? that's my favorite one . it's simple and effective . that and i can segway into a slightly self-deprecative joke in ... alright , so , things are turning up for me a little bit . even though work is kind of rough , because of the holidays , my boss is an evil bitch with a capital c , and my financial aid having ... i look very intimidating , or so i'm told , but i generally prefer to speak softly . that and i have larynx damage , so speaking up is a bit difficult for me . well , i tend not to notice the fluxuations ... did you miss me ? that's what i thought . god damn it , my leg is killing me . been working pretty much nonstop ; yesterday , today , and tomorrow are my longest breaks for over a month . yeah , i want the ... that sounds like almost every conversation i've had in the past few months . for yours truly , it changes day by day . ultimately , i'd like to find true love , meaning , and fulfillment . though , i accept the long-term nature of those goals and enjoy the baby steps of progress ... i'd like to go byardent lunacyplease and thank you . i'm not upset with anyone , nor am i about to do anything stupid . just taking some time to collect myself and get something to say that doesn't depress everyone around , e . yeah , i can't do this anymore . going on an extended leave of absence . if anyone wants me , i'll be back whenever the fuck i want . i've answered empathy and emotion control almost universally for the past few years . yeah , no . i'd like ki manipulation , like in anime . why ? because , nothing says negotiation like tri-beam ! i ... alright , well , i just had the courage to take that last little jump into misanthropy . i'm okay with this , for a number of reasons . life starts right now . as of today , i'm forgiving myself , letting go ... world , i'm disappointed . i . my father , whom i haven't seen since april , is an istj . i just call him an asshole , though . not sure about my mom , but i'd reckon esfp . that sounds like her . my mom , i like . my stepmom tested ... today , i found out a couple of things . the first of them is that a blood vessel in my left eye can twitch . that's kinda cool . why did i learn this ? well , that girl and i got to talking . she and i had ... son goku : the legendary hero , the super saiyajin . who is divulging himself on what appears to be a bowl of infinite noodles . because , well , i analyize this however you want . inverse knight caps lock . didn't think of thast till the first e and i forgot to hit it twice after k . but hey , having a slightly bigger nose works for me . alright , so , i just took some klonopin i found . by found , i mean it was somewhere i put it . i forgot it existed , because i my memory is kind of like swiss cheese . in that it has holes , not that is ... since i was twelve , i was the guy who's had to explain things . so , innocent isn't something i hear often . sometimes i don't know why i post here or anywhere . feel just as alone today as i did yesterday and i will tomorrow . no matter how hard i try , we're not connecting . no one is . well , almost . turns out ... normally i stay in my own part of the forum , but your name caught my attention , darth revan . my best friend for six years was an intp , so i can understand a tidbit or two . wish you the best of luck , ... i'm going to hell . i can't even stand listening to my problems . i'm sick of them , but not over them . fucking hell . part of me really wants to be a hero . to take the blue lightsaber and be what i know ... what am i suppose to say ? seriously , this world is meaning less to me each day . keeping myself entertained is all it amounts to . they told me i'm disassociating . honestly , i'm just disappointed . why ... i am a giant mess of anger , bitterness , disgust , and misery . just as fucking jolly as every other granola-ass infp . i'm becoming a recluse again because i'm emotionally insecure and paranoid . that semiwarranted paranoia being you all and pretty much everyone doesn't like me . awesome . if there are words for this , i don't know them . the feeling - the utter lack of feeling - that simply is , i can't properly describe . around two , my friends came over . the last of them just left . it's ... i love you , too . that was hilarious . well , somehow all the horrible pain and misery over the past few weeks is acceptable , tonight . why ? because i have a cake . tomorrow , i'm getting another cake . my friend and my grandma both made me ... i prefer idols that don't actually exist . they can't disappoint you ; when they do , you can just blame it on bad writing . so , i'm going to say luke skywalker , like i always do . well , i ended up going to orientation . turns out my drug test didn't go through yet and i wasn't suppose to be there today . somebody told me i needed to wait for a call and short-term memory loss ... checking in before i head to bed . my posting's been declining again , but there's been stuff going on . today , watched some movies and hung out with my friend . when she and i talked , i came to a ... to be serious , i'm happy with anything that runs and doesn't look too ugly . since this is a dream car thread ; an incom t - 65 x-wing multi-purpose fighter and a chocobo . well , i've been writing in my journal some more tonight . i stopped doing it religiously every night a while back . sometimes i use it for cute little notes . but , now i usually do those on my ... it's way too early , right now . took some cold medicine and now i'm just trying to keep my head from throbbing . went to that interview yesterday . got the job . it's seasonal , but it's something . still ... i am hilariously bad at first person shooters . like , it's pathetic . my skill with fighting games isn't much better . only a handful i'm any good at and those are non-traditional . a cat destroyed me in ... anytime i try to act cool . ever . in the history of the universe . from me falling backwards over a table , into food , and bashing my head in , while trying to very smoothly walk away from this girl i ... my mental health is spiralling and i'm starting to become legitimately scared . not a night goes by where i don't fantasize about suicide and sometimes i even hurt myself , just to try and move the ... well , after i took a walk this morning , i realized how bad my chronic fatigue is . i keep falling asleep at random intervals and can't stand up anymore . went to see the psychologist for my disability ... i woke up in the middle of the night because of pain , again . went to the clinic and they told me tough luck . my grandma gave me some of her vicodin , so i managed to chill out a bit . a whole bottle ... i haven't dressed up in months . not worn a tie since graduation . why the hell does society expect me to dress like this for a god damn interview ? > _ < ... '