' the infj stare apparently has a couple of different meanings depending on the situation . my entp friend says i have a really intense stare when i'm just spacing out , and she describes it as the ... noted . the part you bolded - - i meant that about myself . he's not an enfp , that's for damn certain . no . i understand every person acts differently , and that i can't base all of someone's actions off ... 1 . i figured as much , but i prefer there be no misunderstanding . 2 . yeah , i forget words have different connotations to different groups of people . also , no , feelings , and yes , i think i can help ... 1 . i like to think i'm neither stupid nor irrational , and i find most agree with me . 2 . arguments may not have been the best choice of words , because these are not just heated debates over a ... someone i care about is struggling . i want to help him . it's that simple . consider your thoughts noted . he fakes anger , and i fake being calm ... it's exhausting . dramatic , but fair point . he's my best friend , and he's pretty much alienated all his other friends . i want him to feel better - - emotionally , from a security standpoint , stress-free , whatever . he ... that's what i meant . chaotic routine when it comes to work , 0 down time , feels like he's constantly being watched because he frequently has to check in with his boss / coworkers . there we go ... that's sort of what suspected but wanted it confirmed . do you play it off like it wasn't a real outburst , or do you tend to own up to your emotions ? ha , no , that's not my ... from hearing him talk it sounds like it didn't start developing until he was about 17 or so ... i met him when he was 18 , and he's certainly become more ... feely ... since then . he's in his early 20s ... maybe he's just starting to get a handle on it , and it's taking over ? i dunno . the ideas for possible causes of his actions so far have been : - loneliness - developing ... i can usually pick up on his motivations ... there are times where it's painfully obvious to me that he's avoiding the topic , and most of the time i can ( correctly ) pinpoint why . example : he lied to ... he didn't previously have any ego issues - - he was very confident and sure of himself when we met , but recently it seems like he's constantly trying to prove himself to me , his coworkers , and his ... i was just thinking he probably knew some really obscure fact - - like maybe stark's tea was made involving cat crap like that really expensive kind of coffee - - and ergo sherlock's tea was better ... fair enough . what if they were arguing over which tea is better ? ( or really anything . i'm just pulling crap out of thin air . ) eh i could never figure him out . let's go with the newest one - - benedict cumberbatch version . clearly . moving on . now the next thing would be : how do i approach this subject with him and / or help him so he gets better - - assuming emotional instability is , in fact , the underlying factor ... tony stark and sherlock holmes get into an argument ; who wins ? ( entp and probably istj . ) that's ... really it ? alkja ; ernas ; ... oh sweet baby jesus now i have to think about it . deadpool . no--viridiana sovari . no wait - - john watson . nah . deadpool . final answer . eh you're probably right o_o ... which is unfortunate . dang , now i want to go to the beach again . okay , next thing . whew , i'm not the only one . i actually started to wonder if i was an intj because of my lack-of-getting-along with other infjs ... then i realized nah , i'd make a terrible intj . and why would someone go fishing for emotions ? not entirely , no , but i'm sure there are threads of a pattern woven somewhere into it . for the most part , it probably does depend on the person and environmental factors . probably . thank you for instantly assuming i was being irrational ... usually ( lately ) , i'm the calm one . i think before i speak , i use logic that appeals to his ti , i try to explain my point objectively and ... the test told me i was a type 4 the first time around a type 8 the second ... finally got a fitting answer on the third try . : rolleyes : it sort of does ... you said you become sort of desperate , and ... lawl , of course that's your answer . xd what would you do once you were on the boat ? where would you go ? how long would you stay at sea ? how would you survive the apocalypse ? they're pretty easy once you get the basic concept . :) your first reaction to the world is to be noticed for things you've accomplished ( particularly for being helpful ) , at your core you love new ... if you know your enneagram that might make sense ... my friend is a type 8 , so he gets hyper-aggressive ( if unhealthy ) over the tiniest things . it's nearly cost our friendship more than once . but that ... what would be your strategy once you got there ? ( i live near the coast - - i need ideas xd ) i understand loneliness , although not quite to that extreme . does loneliness make you more prone to violent , temperamental outbursts ? haha you sure love zombies . x ) hmmmn . i would ... probably panic . then i'd grab the shovel , my wuss of a dog , and head out to the wilderness where i'm more likely to be eaten by gators or spiders ... right , exactly . you have a better handle on the writing aspect than most english speakers do - - congrats . :) hmmm . good point . pumpkins and halloween are the best parts of the year . some kids wait for christmas - - i waited for halloween . okay , your turn to be interesting . xp hahaha . as good of an idea as that is , i don't think i could pull it off . too much empathy . x_x being respectful works because you're being respectful and not insulting / putting down the other person . i do the same thing , and it ( usually ) works really well for me . i would love to argue with you - - well , as much as i ever enjoy arguing . he used to be extremely social , but he's had to throw himself into his work lately and now his friends consist of me , one ... it's samberg's best work , in my opinion . i'm not usually for slapstick humor , but ... yeah . has me laughing so hard i can't breathe . name four of your favorite things that are orange . ( i'm running ... huh ... one time i called him out for lying to me ( it was over something pretty major ) and he threw a fit and tried bringin up a bunch of other things to fight about all while not answering the ... + 1 for darth maul , spiderman and strawberries , + 1 for v , sean of the dead , and zombieland . here are your fake internet points . c : silence of the lambs was good too . hot rod was ... well , andy samberg ... i had too much caffeine so now i'm shaky and jittery and hyper and extroverting even though i thought i should introvert but i got bored , so hi ! also , i wanted to know if - - when arguing - - you ... rvs are fun to jump off of onto a trampoline . i've had too much caffeine so now i'm jittery and hyperactive hooray ! name 58 things that are red and / or your top 8 favorite movies ( i take it v for ... pfft . :P okay , let me rephrase : how do you spendu 200b it ? ooh , blood of enemies goes excellently with oatmeal in the morning . ^ - ^ c'mon , get that ne in gear ! :P you have 4 days to get rid of $ 13,548 . how do you do it ? i've never been in a relationship with an enfj ( although i considered it once but he wasn't interested ) , but i have two really good enfj friends , and there's one i hate the guts out of ( but i won't ... then that makes you the second female leprechaun entp that i know . xd hmn . anything . top five favorite things to drink : go ! it's good that you're on meds , but yeah , they've got some weird side-effects there's certainly an underlying anxiety ( or there was ) ... and it could very well be that your life is going so well , and ... '