if you care about them , you should try and repair the friendship . if you dont give a fuck , then fuck it ! ;) i love a small town . i hate crowds and all the problems that come along with people living on top of each other . my home town had 25,000 or so , when i was growing up . i prefer that size , it suited me ... i am just learning about things here . i had never heard of mbti or jung or any if this stuff ! ! :) oh an intp huh ? i am an intj ! you are so very right ! ! nikki sixx photography welcome to you ! ! well congrats to you my good man ! ! where the wild things are then later ... the farthest away mountain & james and the giant peach ever since i was little i wanted to be ann wilson ( the one with black hair ) of heart ! she has an amazing voice ! ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zWzy5q_M5Ho&feature=related this video is so ... i always wanted to do it myself . i know the need is great . and you are very welcome ! sometimes our blood relatives fail us . families are not always healthy . these poor kids who are stuck in these ... i know its not quite the same , but have you ever thought of being a foster parent ? there are a lot of older kids out there , who others do not want because of their age , or behavioral problems . it ... hmmm ... very impressive well shes not below me i dont think you have the donkey balls to be a troll ! since when do you spell retarded with two t's ? ? wow ... when i was very little ... like 5 or so , i thought if i stepped off the edge of the sidewalk , i would fall off the edge of the universe ! ? and when i was 12 or 13 i thought that if you sat on cold ... love definately ... over and over again ... sigh and tattoos and piercings would fall under this category too i suppose the exorcist will always be one of the scariest movies i have ever seen ! welcome to the site ! i have little ones as well , and i have been where you are . and it can be a bit scary , but you have to just get right back out there . and put all those great skills we acquire as ... i am a courteous driver . i am careful . i like to use the most efficiant route . i usually drive the speed limit or 5 mph faster than the posted speed limit . i dont like to speed generally as i am ... the exorcism of emily rose was particularly creepy to me . thats the closest thing to scared i have been from a movie . and it didnt help that my husband got out the crucifix and hung it while we were ... we can be friends if you would like ? i am sitting here amongst kids laughing , and chasing each other . husband playing some kind of war game ... dinner cooking ... dog barking ... neighbors car honking ... oh ! someone knocking at the door ! pure ... that has only happened a few times ... but yesss ... you are sooo right ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WezC76ytbJk i love this song ... but alas it is a tad inappropriate it all starts with a hug ... i took my love , i took it down climbed a mountain and i turned around and i saw my reflection in the snow covered hills till the landslide brought me down oh , mirror in the sky , what is love ? ... 33774 get over here and hug me ! ! hallelujah ! ! oh it was a classic ... the exorcist on a side note someone once told me i looked like linda blair lol as a mixed person , i like this :) yes ! guys were attracted to me in high school , very distracting , i was boy crazy back then ! and yes i was friends with almost all guys only a couple of close girlfriends my style was emo before ... 33627 waaasssuuup ? i wont ask for help , i would hate to ask for help . i do like to vent occaisionally , and i like to have someone who cares listen to me . but i dont need anyone to solve my problems for me . and i think ... i love the sound of a violin ... she plays beautifully ... the ice looked cool . but i could do without the video ... and just listen ... hello to you ! ! welcome ! ! :) latinas ... we got it goin on ;) @ doublexuan i am what i am . i hide my shyness , but its still there . well that makes sense ... i think that would give me anxiety too , because i am shy . could it be because you are afraid people will want something from you and you are not sure if you will be able to live up to their expectations ? i dont mind being touched if it is someone i know and like . i enjoy it then . but i dont like strangers trying to touch me . when i was younger i used to blush alot , but as i have gotten older , i am ... i know exactly what you mean ;) good day ! i have always thought of myself as somewhat of a hedonist . it is a part of me i have to control in order to be healthy . so i was wondering ... what is something that brings you pleasure ? ... boners ... boners turn me on . i smoke it pretty much every day and i have never had a bad experience so far . it does help with anxiety . but i have eaten it before too and like others have said it gives a very different high . so i ... you guys are funny . having kids is amazing , you look in their little faces and you see yourself , your family , your spouse . there is nothing like teaching a little person about the world . and theres ... fuck my life 65 seems to stand out in my mind . im gonna go with 65 ... i know an intj who learned how to google on the internet machine ...