' i adore this , thank you so much . :) it seems i'm a little bit of everything , mostly words of affirmation and quality . i think my darling is quality and perhaps the acts of services . i will ... i don't have any trouble remembering names . it's even worse with details about a person's life . when i bring it up in a conversation , people don't remember telling me . i'm pretty sure they think i'm ... i thought i was going to be the only one who didn't drive . in a brief relationship i had with a car ( in which i was learning how to drive ) , i remember going slower than this grandma in a buick . so ... i write for fun . it's where my non-intj side goes to play . i also beta read for other people too and sometimes that makes me want to rip my hair out but in the long run , i like to read stories ... sleep is nice . avoid caffeine ( tea , coffee , those good stuff ) , obviously . i think by the time i realized that tea had caffeine in it , i already became immune so i sleep just fine after a cup of hot ... i was the friggin ' anti-christ . or at least , according to my mother , possessed by a demon because i became an atheist . other than that .. apparently i was quiet and broody . i don't remember much ... i can't keep track of all the thoughts running in my head so the important ones will have to go on paper in case of a brain fart , something that rarely happens but is still deadly . that said , i'm not ... yea , i can't deal with emotional people very well . most of the time , i feel like i'm listening to couple drama and he said , she said . i've probably listened to so many sob stories that at some ... scary ? is this why i don't have many friends ? oh well . haha , i don't think my parents knew anything about personality traits . they were both young when my brother was born and had to work their butts off so my brother had babysitters who were actually ... would you pretend to be someone you're not just to achieve a goal ? [ like trying to adapt a certain persona ] probably , but i would do a very poor job trying to pretend . it's hard to get out of being ... > _ < * flails at puppy picture * let other people's negativity roll off your back . if it's a stranger , when are you ever going to see them again ? if you want to go the extra mile , mess with their heads . may not be the healthiest ... usually , there are two main things i look for in a guy . one , he has to challenge me - intellectually , emotionally , i don't know what else , but he has to keep me interested and want to compete ... i'm not sure if it's about being girly . i'm usually just not interested in topics that most girls talk about . i have a best friend and a handful of close ones . while we tend to give each other a ... i love to crochet and knit to keep my hands busy when i'm watching a movie or doing something that doesn't require too much attention . aside from that , i love love love to read and writing comes in a ... i will pretty much become anti-social . cut off any human contact outside of who i need to talk to in regards to school . i get into art projects and write out my angst ( ? ) and after a while i'll get ... 2012 learn a new language meditate more often improve at prioritizing make more commitments take more chances they all sound so silly .. but still . i think i have somehow gotten to the point where both of them just bounce off of me and i do not even think of them as offensive . sure , insults tend to be a little nasty sometimes , but i'm not the ... i am rather guilty of that . based upon my first impression of the person , i have an idea of how they are and rarely ever change my mind about them . when i do , i must differentiate though , it is ... i had a good idea of how i am and have , over the years , come to accept it without feeling too disappointed that i could not fit in with the crowd . i suspect that may have been too much enjoyment of ... i guess i would be the same way . whenever i am in public , i usually have a book as a don't talk to me sign though such messages are sometimes ignored . what used to happen when people talk to me ... i haven't read that book yet . sputnik sweetheart was my intro book for him and when i had finished it the first time , i was scratching my head at what had just happened . the second time around , i ... anything by yo yo ma is good . if you can find his album of unaccompanied pieces , it's pure cello goodness there . if you do want some folksy accompaniment with some bluegrass and a bit of ... books ! i love books ! siddhartha changed my life . it made me appreciate all the esoteric use of symbols and literary devices more and got me reading more . oh , and perfume . i discovered the my ... worked out like trying to swim without lungs . apologies for the poor analogy . compared to me , my ex is a super intj . poor communication and we were probably more like siblings than a couple . as long as it had anything to do with animals eating humans , it has an all-too-predictable storyline that well , makes me want to rip out my hair when someone decides they don't believe that those ... the last movie i watched was the borrower arrietty . totally recommended by the way . it was really cute . it's good that you're nice and whatnot , but it seems like you have a hard time telling people no . i was in the same boat a long time ago . knowing that listening to people can help them out makes me ... welcome ! :) i'm a fellow texan as well ! actually , it ends up being a lot easier to transport the stones using logs and breaking it into small bits - - though that's just the practical side in me speaking . the more debatable topic was how ... anything by the authors below : haruki murakami chuck palahniuk ayn rand mitch albom paulo coelho and then these books : perfume harry potter series it's funny that you guys should mention fight club . the book was absolutely nerve-wrecking for me because i never wanted to know what would happen next but i could not put the book down . anything ... hah . i remember how depressed i would feel whenever snicket delivered his don't read this section because i was so young that i believed what he said about how depressing it was going to be . of ... suffice to say , i've read about 30 of those books . definitely looking to finish more . what a lovely list you've compiled . :) at the moment , i rather enjoyed one of studio ghibli's recent productions : the borrower arrietty . i love this ! i have the worst habit of playing with the skin on my knuckles when i'm thinking and because of that , my knuckles are callused and people look at me funny when i do that while talking to them . stonehenge , still standing after some 5000 years , was looted by the romans to make the colliseum . that's why it's no longer a perfect circle . the stones laying on top of the pillars are actually ... x ] for some reason , reading this made me think of oscar wilde's dorian gray : all art is quite useless . has anyone read the most human human ? the book actually touches on the idea of ai's becoming more .. human . though at times , i can't help but wonder if humans are becoming more robotic . with the ... yes . i've always been partial to the pursuit of knowledge . :P intj . have you played the sims 3 ? as an introvert , i find the average dosage of socialization to be physically exhausting . average meaning seeing people in class ( still a student ) and hanging out with your friends after class . not ... nervous can't even begin to describe how i feel . it's this downhill slide of freudian slips that usually ends the conversation with said object of affection giving me weird looks . to prevent all of ... chick flicks are ... okay . in all seriousness though , i have the shortest attention span and smallest patience when it comes to chick flicks or shows / movies that build up the suspense to the ... in social situations , if i ever feel the urge to talk at all , i pay more attention to getting whatever i'm saying in the most direct manner possible . people get the impression that my remarks are too ... that's what i said . :P haha , i suppose if i must be affectionate , i have a soft spot towards cute little animals such as turtles and hedgehogs that i can just knock over and watch them struggle to ... i'm getting to the point ( it's been six months since this has last happened , new record ! ) where i'm tired of being around people . i'm not sure if it's the fact that they drain what little enthusiasm ... story of my life . i always have something better to do than what i have to do . nice going there with that reverse psychology . i had to come in . '