' yeah ! ! ugly as fuck ! luna lovegood and albus dumbledore . people will be people . i've stopped watching the news . i must admit you're quickly becoming one of my favourite posters on this site . :D yeeeah , man , i'm totally with you . i totally see where you're coming from , dude . what's the point of living any more if atoms can be made up of smaller parts ? i mean , that's just ugly . materialism ... books are great . especially fantasy novels and books on science and history . i have no problem with suicide at all . i'll probably commit suicide myself one day in middle age . definitely the best ... the great one will be with us when he wills it , man . peace and patience , soul brother . materialism ? urgh , it's main flaw is it's so ugly , dude . you should know this man . open your mind and be more enlightened . plus materialism is just ugly - aesthetically unappealing , you know ? ugly ... i have no idea haha . i had the same expectations you did and found this . :) i can see the sarcasm , but where does he see political correctness lol ? he didn't actually want to talk about science at all - he clearly said he wasn't interested in things we can know . :D i'm ... :D surely an ne dom wouldn't be so confident their one way of seeing the world was correct ? the op seems 100 % sure about their perspective , which i see as more like unhealthy ni . of course most ... what type would you put your money on him being then ? :) haha i like you intjs , even though you are all crazy . :D bear in mind the op is probably only about 10 years old lol . lol don't know where your high school was but in england we learned a lot more than he knows ! he wouldn't even get a c . :D lol yeah , that's what i was picking up on in paragraph 2 of post 44 . very weird . :D dear enfj , i know you love conversations so i'll tell you some things about myself . firstly , i'm very private and don't like talking about myself much . and that's about it really , yours , intp life may be pleasant for you , and it may be pleasant for me , but you can't say it has been pleasant for everyone that has ever lived . so how you see life as a blessing is beyond me . the question ... haha it was kind of a joke . all human beings are parasites of the earth , so if being independent from the host is a requirement for being human , then we'd need to live elsewhere - that was the logic ... i'd agree with that interpretation of the sentence . it makes much more sense than the other version . i get annoyed when people say , it's a fact ! too lol . facts mean nothing without understanding ... organised is more of a te thing . why don't you get her to take a test ? esfp seems to fit with what you've said so far . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VPaZfeAYUyk i've just finished catch 22 . not impressed . agreed . why would anyone send songs without the other person asking for them ? nietzsche was partly correct and partly wrong with that statement . you are mainly wrong : the larger system can be understood and analysed in its parts . without understanding the parts you won't ... lol i partly agree . i don't think istj's are boring , unless they're making me do boring things . materialism has been dismissed ! we will never again think about the material world . anyway , i'm off to buy a bottle of tango orange now . that's all good , but he has already said he isn't interested in what we can know , so he doesn't need any arguments or evidence . anything we can know is materialism and therefore it's ugly , obv ! ... if i came to understand reality the same way that you do i'd probably shoot myself in the face . my 8 year old sister comprehends reality better than you . and i'm not even joking . ps : i thought you weren't concerned with what we can know ? so you think she is esfp ? agreed . life is over-rated . also , there are already too many people in the world , and this ( aborting unwanted children ) is one way of cutting down the numbers so everyone is better off . i don't think the fetus is a human being until we are all capable of living on other planets . same logic . if you want to find like-minded people i'd suggest the infp or infj parts of the forum . :) you may not be either , but you don't seem intp . reasons for and against her using certain functions - like si / si and fi / fe etc . if you understand the functions typing people you know is usually very easy . was it just me who was dying to say , your brain here ? probably . i'm so childish haha . the physics of tiny things is very problematic in science , because there is a large conflict between the ... because you haven't actually said anything . i can't even understand what it is you want . is this a thread asking about why people like albert einstein are intp , or a thread about particle physics ? or ... you've given no function-relevant descriptions so typing her is impossible at this point . what a wonderfully silly post . i don't like bright sunlight either , or excessive heat . :D nature sucks to be honest . thankfully , we have the ability to improve on it . it would be fine if i could get rid of all the other living things ( insects , dogs , people ) within a two mile radius . but , alas , people think that's selfish . the moon landings were not faked . there are no reasons to believe they were , and all the evidence suggests they happened . just pointing that out . :) i'm intp and most of my friends are nfps . a manual implies the god created us with some kind of purpose in mind ; what do muslims see as the purpose , or correct functioning , of a human life ? why did allah wait through 200,000 years ( approx . ) ... atheism , if used in the sense of there is absolutely no way that any kind of god can be real , is indeed a childish belief . so is the opposite , belief there is unquestionably a god . :) but if we ... i don't understand this paragraph . surely we ask questions in order to increase our understanding ? are you suggesting it's better to be in a state of ignorance but still asking ill-informed ... i plan to read it this summer when i have time off from college . :) i'm not sure my brain would ever allow me to believe things like that haha . i just don't see why a god would have messages for ... lol why are you only asking sj's about this ? i'm actually going to say infp lol . you seem to have a very fi perspective , and i can see te too - so you're probably an fp or tj . i don't see any ni in your post , but the fact people see you as ... i have not read the qur'an yet , so i'm not qualified to give any major arguments against it . if what you say is true , then muslims certainly have a more intellectual view than the average christian ... in the normal sense of the word christian , yes . if you believe he's literally the son of an almighty creator , that he lived on after death , was born by a virgin , did magic , and the rest , then i think ... '