' well , just try to realize what is happening . i live by the philosophy that if i can recognize what i am doing and name the problem , then i am already most of the way to fixing it . just realizing ... i dont know if this is an actual condition , but i think i may know the cause of it . it has happened to me before . if you are getting a lot of intellectual praise for example , yet you are currently ... wow , he sent you something , luck you . intj's love to cut and run , i am no exception to this . its part of the reason why my presence online is very minimal , and almost never with my real ... i made an account in my name just to make sure no one can do it for me . i have not visited the site since . i have adhd , been diagnosed since i was 4 and been taking medication for it almost as long . i know i wasnt just one of those naturally hyper active kids who they gave something to calm down ... yes . im in one of the top 60 high schools in the us , my grades arrent all in the 90 ' s but nothing is bellow an 85 , ive managed to finally find an excuse to go out an socialize with new people after ... like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EddX9hnhDS4 in all seriousness though , i am a very good speaker , which means when i hate some one , i will use all of my effort to do something about ... yep , but only for kindergarten through 3ed grade . i have adhd so the therapy was to try and get me to calm down . it never really worked in the beginning , so my family saw a neurologist and he ... because fuck it . i actually have several contingency plans for it , all of which boil down to get the hell outa there ! its especially suck-y when i care about what the other person thinks of me or if they are ... honestly , you don't have much to worry about . the whole point of high school is to put all the hormone crazy teenagers in one place where the adults can watch over them and make sure they don't do ... built a sweet new golgari deck with some junk cards and only 7 $ in singles . its nice because intjs can be addicted to strategic thinking ( just me maybe ? ) and games against other people are a great ... how do you guys stop thinking ? ive had more success with talking to the opposite sex recently ( go me ! ) but i keep encountering the same problem . ill have 1 really good day of nice , normal ... this is a normal human thing . for some odd reason the mind always things what if i just hopped off ? when its in a high place , what if i jumped in front of the train ? or what if i took this ... to be an entj . why do they have to be so hot ? quickest way to tell is if he complains about being disinterested / hating the work he is doing . he may not talk to you about this as he probably assumes you wont care and doesn't want to waste your ... its not that i am against right and wrong , i just believe there is no such thing . even the most evil of atrocities were good for someone , therefore there is no absolute right and wrong . there is a ... sorry about that , wrote this post on a phone if i remember correctly . being an intj in a friend group means that this is your problem . we are probobly the best fit type for this spisific situation . i've had to do this a couple of times , one of them fairly recently ... non-relidgon is where it's going next . actuly , besides judaism and hinduism , their isint a world relidgon that didint form out of another relidgon . buhdism , islam , christianity , all of them come ... your probobly gonna find the cure for cancer or something . a news reporter who interviewed me when i was about 8 , off camera . wasent even about me , just came out of nowhere . you should read ... doesent the chicken actuly come first because if the egg was layed by a not-quite chicken , that makes it a not-quite chicken egg that the first chicken came out off , not a chicken egg . although that ... i think the stupidest thing , beyond any particular opinion , is forbidding yourself to do anything . i think the key feature of intj morality isint any specific rule set , but it's adaptability . we ... its a few factors that combine in a perfect storm of social cynicism . first , the fact that we are introverted means that we have to expend energy to talk with 2 or more people at a time . realizing ... yes , i should know , i built it . ender's game . while picking a fictional character who [ giant frigging spoiler warning , if you haven't read it , go do so ! don't even think of watching the move ether , i will find you . ] commits ... i hate all of god and / or the flying spaghetti monster's creations , equally . i might be a bit biased towards the platypus , but i don't think that has anything to do with anything . with people ive just met , yes . with friends , yes . with lifelong friends , yes . with romantic relationships , well , i wouldn't know , ive never had the chance to try . huh , maybe theirs a link to ... there is a terminal to access the wealth of all human knowledge , known by most as a computer , at a desk with a simple chair . it is silent except for some mysterious yet calming electronic hum . the ... as well as love you guys ! ! * cringe * i can always use an ego stroking , but please keep your hands off me . * goes back to cave of ni ( and loneliness ) * sometimes i think about what the other side thinks . most of the time however , i think about what the other side thinks i think about how they think about what i think they think about me thinking ... i don't know really . i've always felt that i have a huge problem with figuring out how i appear to other people ( stupid weak se ) and a date kinda seems like it requires you to be familiar with their ... what were your first dates like ? not your first time having sex as is probably often asked , i mean first ever romantic outing with a member of the opposite ( or same ) sex . i came quite close to ... as an intj , i feel like my only drawback is that im scared of breaking the ice . thats why i feel like entj would be amazing , especially because i also apparently like to lead more than other intjs . intjs are hot o . o * ahem * laaadies ... anyway , this is quite amusing , although our hotness is probably do to a specific detective ... if the clone were gender swapped ( and not just in the weird way , like me if i had been a girl my entire life ) then yes . while im not physically attractive ( my only pluses that im aware of are that ... im almost sure this has already been quoted , but just in case , hate . let me tell you how much i've come to hate you since i began to live . there are 387.44 million miles of printed circuits in ... we will probobly nuke ourselves to death , ether by accident or on purpose . for referance , there's a 1 in a million chance of something going critically wrong with a nuclear weapon , but there's a 1 ... have any of you struggled with a disability ? i have a hand writing / drawing disability ( it's a form of adhd , i can still read extremely well ) whitch i think helped to condition me to be a great ... no , but a friend of mine did recently ( she is fine now ) . that made me realize that i could never do it . suicide embodies everything i go against , irrationality , impulsiveness , stupidity , short ... but what i've learned is that a great love is a lot like a good memory . when it's there , and you know it's there , but it's just out of your reach , it can be all that you think about . you can focus ... recently , since ive spent so much energy improving my psychological aspects to make my brain as sexy as possible ( mostly just for me :) ) ive started to actually make an effort to lose some weight . ... no , the male genitalia are so much lower maintenance ! how do you deal with the fact that your reproductive organs are more complicated than most aircraft ? there is no such thing as separate but equal . we see this in all manner of discrimination . women and men are different from each other , therefore making them separate . one of them had be thrown ... im just going to do all these questions in one post . nope , i personally pride myself in self-recognition . i have a fear of having a fault and not knowing about it , so from time to time i go ... i want adaptive democracy . basically american democracy , but without the constitution . without a incredibly outdated piece of paper to be held in godlike regard , we can finally solve our own ... i have never had a girl friend , haven't had my first kiss yet , still have yet to go on a date , but i have been sent my first nude by a member of the opposite sex . go figure that time table out . i ... any advice on bringing my natural intj confidence into romantic situations , where it always fades away for some reason ? there is a girl ive been interested in for a while now and every single ... i was looking in the hot threads section of another forum i frequent and saw a thread called euthanasia for kids i immediately think hm , i haven't checked perc in a while have i ? the mind is ... you may or may not be mistaking strong will for intj confidence . that stems from being right about everything , most importantly being right about being wrong . since we know we can take criticism ... '