' thank you from all your point of views , so many wonderful replies :) my troubles became problems after getting pneumonia , during high fever it was so hard to concentrate my thoughts and even that ... i had quite severe case of pneumonia years back and that confused state that one has in high fever never did go away , also my memory is quite bit below average even it worked really well before ... how about if troll which is trolling becomes part of satire about trolls without his own desire ? i had a session today , i told about mbti and personality types , but person dismissed it as humbug and told that not everything at internet should be taken seriously . i'm bit puzzled , my ... brain is needed for personality , personality is needed for smile , hair reflects often personality . butt and hips are just nice :) missing option is that curve from waist to hips , when that is ... satire and sarcasm , both can fail , they can fail miserably , if it happens you just need to try to be better . but sometimes people can have just bad day or everyone just thinks differently and is ... length ? long type ? utility color ? dark fabric ? water and dirt / goo repellant extra strong type usually my trousers are from next to tools , those outdoor worker wear section trousers , with ... i'm intj , but j / p is almost 50/50 , so i guess i get my share of perceiving challenges . i have been stress = sweets too , i have been clean now for almost two weeks , but i don't know if that will ... i guess we all are driven to know how it would work :) another point to consider though , i have a scale and kitchen scale , i did weight middle layer of my outdoor clothing and that was around 1 ... it tends to happen still , it happened when i was kid , i was told to be considerable of others and think others feelings and yet i was just having a discussion . it seems people around me have always ... would be seriously bad for health . i doubt about that 9 pounds , i suspect there is something more to it , not necessarily coloring the truth , but false reading of scale , also if losing 9 pounds , it ... losing muscle would reduce weight faster than losing fat , 1 gram of muscle is 4 calories while 1 gram of fat is 9 calories , that might need to be considered too . if person had poor diet before ... i think for me it is something along i don't listen raging stormy ocean at beach , which are my feelings , it would be impossible to interact with any alive being if i would my emotions be heard , but ... at least for me debate is not something i look to win , i don't need to be right , i need to find the truth and mechanism why it is so , i need to solve problem , improve and learn , that is why i would ... monotonous i have heard others to say , i can't really notice myself , not even other persons voice being any more than sound waves which i interpret as words which are meaningful part of conversation ... perhaps you both could agree to have relationship in quiet mode for turbulent time and be friends , leaving door open to try again if situations improve in near future and there would be more energy ... perhaps she needs to know how intj is different , but perhaps also you need to understand bit more how different your mother is from you , your thinking process is completely different so what would ... now you got me into thinking endless possibilities for reason of thread to exists and how to help , but without too little data to ever come to conclusion , long post possibly could not of been that ... i really need to push myself to repeat , it is like if request is made for me to speak loudly , same kind of torturing and i would rather leave the scene . however it would leave problem open , it ... i have found out that it takes less time to interact with people if planning carefully what i say , in such manner that there is no possibility of misconception or my words causing emotional reaction ... i do feel that i'm superior , but logically thinking that cannot be true and i know i'm not superior . still i feel being superior , which must mean feeling is deceiving as logic reveals truth of ... there are no available females on this area where i live , in my age group . i rather run lawnmower over me than go to something like bar , i get physical pain from atmosphere in such places . so ... this touches my nerve ends too , often their intention seems to be just to get some reaction over anything else , i know it is my failure of getting mad of such , but it is sensitive spot of mine . i ... these days sometimes i wake up , reach for light switch , notice that i have been sleeping way too long , reach light switch and keep sleeping to next day . i'm happy that for another day , i don't need ... usually it goes like this for me , i read something on forum , i think about it , analyze and research , come to conclusion and write answer , then i get outbursts of emotion out of the blue , which i ... '