' see , i don't agree with this . it's just as unhealthy to suppress your feelings in a romantic relationship as it is to fly off the handle . i don't mean you have to break down and confess your love or ... you're not . you're not . i promise . i didn't get my first job ' til i was 22 . i still don't have my driver's license . i don't have any education . i had such hopes and dreams , too ! i was miserable ... i cry over stupid shit , too . i have never cried when someone dies ( seen it happen 3 times ) but i cried when my supervisors brought me in the office and talked to me because i fucked up on protocol ... i think i'm pretty emotionally in tune . i spend a lot of silent time analyzing myself and others . when i was younger i really didn't understand emotions . i had a hard time identifying what people ... istp - money - cards ( hospital , bank ) - sunglasses ( never wear ) - cigarettes - lighter - random papers - epi pen - various otc pills ( acetaminophen , diphenhydramine , etc ) has anyone ever seen that louis ck sketch where he goes on about people and their beliefs and these are my little believies ! ! ! i like to believe in them ! ! ! t h i s . all of this . ever heard of emotional incest ? cuz yeah . there's a line , a big one , that shouldn't be crossed between parents and kids . going on and on at length to your kid about how abused ... i was stuck in a rut where i had desires and no momentum for years on end . i finally got off my ass and got a job , making plans one step at a time . getting id . bank account . glasses . driving lessons ... i have dyscalculia and nvld . to put it in perspective , asperger's is to autism what nvld is to asperger's . however , i don't struggle as much with the social difficulties as i do with the ... i'm not sure if asexuality is a real thing , but i have zero sex drive for other people , and i don't find people sexually attractive . now the odd thing is , i have a really high sex drive by myself . i ... type : istp job : corporate customer relations . i love it . i get to interact with different types of people every day , diffuse crazy situations , think on my feet and problem solve in real time . i'm ... zoe keating's legions masterpiece . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9sAqPwGrgM legions ( forest ) - zoe keating https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlhkwHSZMyg typingtest.com - free typing test & keyboarding games online typing speed : 112 wpm errors : 13 adjusted : 99 wpm total : 561 chars in 1:00 min . i'm not into slapstick humor either . i'm much more absurdist . i promise i am trying my best . the only annoying thing i've found to be true of nearly every esxj i've met is that they dismiss things they can't understand as being untrue . for example i was talking to my friend about that ... i am a bit of a control freak . i don't really care how other people do shit , but i care very much about how i do shit . if people tell me to do things differently i resist , hardcore . my brain is lazy , ... i realize my contribution to this thread was more or less clinical , but i did vote in the poll , and like most people in this thread i have had traumatic incidents happen to me . yet , i am not quite ... so what you're saying is if someone is incapable of handling an abstract thought for more than five seconds , they're a sensor . somehow i doubt this is accurate . mom : infj dad : estp maternal grandmother : esfp fraternal grandmother : entj me : istp seems to be mathematically consistent , haha . the knights of ni ! my dad is an estp . he taught me not to sell myself short , to take full responsibility for my actions and own them , and to be brave out there in that big giant universe . my mom is an infj . she taught me to love science , and myself , and to accept that others are different without judging them . she taught me to be ragingly unapologetic about my beliefs , but willing to ... the way the brain works when it's traumatized can certainlymimic the effects of cognitive functions as they're described . neurologically speaking , your brain seeks the most efficient solutions ... dude , chill with the type accusations . he says he is an intj , so he is . the mbti is about self evaluation . the intj label is useful to him now , so let him have it . besides , are you really suggesting ... i have never known how to respond to these types of questions . it's not that i don't do emotions , but i don't do them well . my default state is chill , when something passes my emotional radar , it's ... when i first got into mbti i thought i was an isfj , then an infj , then an enfp ( why ? ? ? why ) , then entj ( ho ho ) , briefly contemplated intj ( loool ) , wondered if i was maybe an istj at some point ... the big kicker is ni and fe , tbh . saying you were part of the occupy movement actually sounds more fe . i sort of romanticize that type of thing , too . that big heavy rah rah rah andrea dworkin shit ... rip off my shirt and chest bump them . oh , right . i get that , and it's also something that annoys me . like , to levels beyond . what i mean is - what i meant by my post - is that often times the people we encounter are on their own separate ... it's strange to me how people still segment mbti types into this emotional vs unemotional thing . like thinkers don't have emotions , or like we aren't just as ruled by them as everyone else . i've ... i don't know , okay here's how i look at it - there's this girl at my work and we were doing these tests in training and she starts talking about how it actually means x and doesn't that mean x and ... istp : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RU8slEG-OtM https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7zTRnCP6Zxg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3QrxK3WPwQ ti + ni + fe could be infj , isfj , or istp . just food for thought . i'm an istp and it took me a long , long time to realize it . even how i realized it was very istp . ( fine , i'm an istp then . ) just ... i don't have this problem . i find for myself , when i just decide to do things or i look at my own internal motivation , it's all very whee , i felt like doing the thing ! but when i'm on other people's ... stjs seem to be , to me , the ones who stress out the most . my best friend is an istj and he's the most high maintenance person i've ever met . on the outside he seems chill but once you pass the inner ... today : changing everyone's radio stations to the same enrique iglesias song . because people are always upset when the world is not aligned to their perfectly honed belief system . it's not like they are invested at all in their opinion , by the way , they just say it because , ... when i am bored , i get annoying . like , really annoying . i don't mean to , but it just ... balghagaga . i spin around in my chair , play pool with waterbottle caps , wear coffee cups on my head , poke ... you know , there used to be a period of time where i doubted i was an istp . : laughing : ( but what if i'm an infj ? ? ? yeah , no . ) and yeah , not sticking people in boxes is the best practice , imo ... yeah , well everybody has different ways of relating to people , right ? i'm the kind of person who doesn't mind sitting around shooting the shit and listening to music or watching tv or playing games ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SHhrZgojY1Q i'm just saying , telling your daughter , an obvious feeler , that you don't want to hear her opinions because they're a waste of time seems like a bit of an error in judgment . there's no way anyone ... a lot of people get really caught up in trying to be super ultra logical and faxtual and no time for shitty emotions , crybabies ! that they forget that they are surrounded by human beings who have ... it's not even that the act of killing ten people itself is evil . it's more like ... if you set that precedent for every action you do , you can justify doing just about anything . and that's how ... istp - says : okay ... means : you are so stupid you have your own gravitational pull . it is a swirling , insufferable vortex of fucking agonizing incompetence , please do the world a favor and ... oh , god . the manipulative guilt trip shit . nope nope nope . i'm having issues like this with one of my friends and honestly it just makes me want to run fast and far . it's the expectation that i'm ... the greater good is a tricky concept . kinda like the needs of the many . what does your greater good mean , and if there's a consistent habit of stepping on people's backs to achieve it , how good is it ... i'm going to be a little blunt here , but i promise my intention isn't to be mean : if it's been a long time , and you're always continually talking about it , the people around you probably are sick of ... he sounds like he could be istp . does he ever get into ruts where he literally won't do anything at all because of just , like , sheer and utter lack of motivation to even get up or do anything other ... she's making up rumors and being disloyal - those aren't really ... i don't know , i mean it all sounds kind of ... petty , i guess is the right word for it . you two obviously were never suited for ... '