' pure sass when it strikes me . it's hard to pinpoint one , but they typically have to do with being outdoors and being overwhelmed by the beauty of nature . climbing mountains , swimming in the ocean , hiking in the woods . those are ... tell your therapist first . mine was the first i told about any gay feelings and she helped me find a healthy path to understanding my sexuality . that's just part of psychology , which is what they do ! ... ahh yes i get this feeling with all of my exes . i am on good terms with all of them , a little too good of terms with some ! but i love the memories of those happy times . i always thought that i just ... yes ! i was just going on about how i'm going to improve my health and diet just the other day , and today i have already eaten chocolate , cake and ice cream ! it's not even my birthday . i have a wicked ... i really like all of the suggestions by infpblog , but i have a simple recommendation that has helped me tremendously . if you have an iphone , there is an app called clear . it's a really simple to-do ... no_id smoked . it tasted like metal and made you super high , like 5x that of weed . i smoke pot pretty regularly and don't think much of it . it's not for the reasons you may think , either . i am a runner and i love to smoke and get high before a run . the imagination runs wild and it ... i agree on sensitivity , it has major advantages but some pretty profound downfalls . my moodswings get so terrible and i hate that it affects my productivity at work . i feel like i've gotten a ... i'd like to see this infp map ! i'm in new york city . strange place for an nf . we have a love / hate relationship . yes ! i feel this with my boss , strangely enough . he is married and i am in an ltr , and at first i was worried that i had a crush on him . it would be so wrong and inappropriate on so many levels ... i'm not a bachelor , but this sounds awesome . i lol with my lol friends , and i haha with my haha friends . i'm sort of accommodating in that way . i like the list format . i think it would be hard to name my favorites of all time , so i'll just name a few of my favorites and others i've recently read . i hope you can enjoy some of these ! ... unsolicited reading advice is about as welcome as unsolicited music and movie advice . to each his own , man . and perhaps the anna karenina film that came out was a vapid little soap opera , but it ... thank you ! very kind to say . currently reading infinite jest . nice list ! yes , sounds like conflict avoidance , and yes i totally relate . i can be very chameleon-ish . i also attribute this to feeding off of other people's emotions or energy . when someone is taking a stance ... i was bullied as a kid for being different . something i'm sure many infps can relate to . i just wasn't like any of the other kids . when i was a teenager , i figured i must have been one of the bad ... i love this , strange video too . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rVeMiVU77wo i'm feeling very torn between the two worlds within my personality . i want to embrace my infpness in the world , but have found that it has done me no favors in the working world , or with making my ... sky 2evan this is good advice ! i have another work commitment and can't make it to the next game , but i will say something ( probably exactly what you suggested ) and just go from there . on the email ... haha i've already thought of that ! thanks for this lovely reply ! your words have made me feel much better about the situation . i will try to turn this problem into a positive . thanks again ! i think you are mistaking religion for philosophy . sorry , i realize that has been mentioned before . i was raised christian and now see myself as apathetic to how religion affects my life , but feel ... not really , just getting excited for the new arrested development : laughing : but really , i have done something i regret . i volunteered myself for our company softball team , and i am not very good ... wise beyond your years ! this is good advice for everyone , especially infps . i especially love the part i highlighted in bold . i'm sure we can all relate to this . thank you ! good questions ! my apartment is always a mess .. i sort of try to clean it , but my intp partner tends to do most of the dirty work . we have a cat and a dog too , so it's a fair bit of work . it's an old building , which ... dove_eyes i can't exactly put my finger on it .. not that i date by type ( my partner is intp ) , but i do admit that i find a solid pattern of attraction to nt males . i think what is most appealing ... surrender by toni bentley , fresh off the boat by eddie huang , and infinite jest by david foster wallace . i am a shy girl with a major thing for entp men . so far your theory holds true . i get quirky a lot . not my personal favorite , but i get it . i come off as shy because i'm afraid to let my freak flag fly , but once i do , people start to like and accept my quirks . and f $ & k ' em ... it's very true , the increased flexibility is incredible . and to be frank , nothing shapes the butt quite like yoga ;) well not really a gym rat per se ... but i do take care of my body . i like to run , do yoga , go hit some balls at the batting cage , anything active and fun to keep my body lean . i don't obsess over it , ... i don't want to have kids , and because of this , i don't really see the point in getting married . i would consider marriage if i really loved someone and they didn't want to have children either .  ... hmm , i might have the definition of creepy wrong here , but she is creepy in a good way too . sorry to sound uptight . : blushed : i have a female intj friend that i would describe as creepy . she makes no bones about letting people know when she fancies them , whether they return those feelings or not . sadly , usually not . she ... greatest strength : compassion greatest weakness : moody / neurotic quality you most admire in other people : sick math skills ! smarts . intellectuals . love those nts . quality you least admire ... i worry about how dark and cynical i truly am . i appear to be light and fluffy so people will not know that i am secretly worrying about bigger things at hand . i think we all do this to some extent ... these statements really resonated with me . i don't like being teased .. even in the nicest of ways . i feel the same way ! pretty much summed it up right there . my intp boyfriend said that he would describe me as awkward in my communication . i asked him why , and he said it was because i don't make fun of people . well ... not to their face anyway . :P ... a friend of mine , another fellow infp , is nearly finished with her social work program and is so happy that she did . i think working 1 on 1 with people on a case by case basis is more effective for ... i have read it , and i thought it was fantastic . i thought it was very well written and thoroughly researched . i've always been made to feel bad that i'm significantly less extroverted that most ... if it would help you feel better , i would gladly read your poetry . i don't know how much credibility you are looking for , but i do live in new york and have worked in publishing . plus i love to read ! ... i don't like potatoes . i have a ba in communication . it really helped me get out of my shell during my college years . i jumped right back in after i graduated , but i'm doing alright ! i'm glad that you've found my advice helpful :) you will make it through these difficult times . '