' i agree with you broadly , but not so much about your specific examples . jokes can be made in poor taste or at inappropriate moments , so that's not really of particular concern to me . i don't know ... i'd have to read the book before i can give a real opinion on it , but the idea that there are no fundamental differences between the sexes is obviously absurd and i am not sure why so many people ... this is actually the only racist / sexist thing in this thread . the op was being incredibly facetious ... pregnancy is pretty incredible though , the female reproductive system blows my mind every time i have to study it . and it's something that no man can do ... yes . pffft , blondes wish they were me . my waist length chestnut locks are the stuff of legend . usually around $ 0.60 . sometimes upwards of $ 1 if i really feel like binging on five cent candies . tuition yes , rent no . no fees . 9,002 what the ever loving fuck are you talking about ? i am writing to express my desire to be considered for the position of sundae's girlfriend . i think you will find that my experience and skills are highly relevant to both poverty and companionship , ... depending what we mean by the term , i don't really think people are getting more well-rounded in any meaningful sense . men and women have always been encouraged to have both masculine and feminine ... lol , i was gonna say i really don't think 5l is seriously suggesting any of this . he is like the last person i can imagine arguing that men have no obligation to protect or care for their wives .  ... i have celtic folk music stuck in my head , and also my foot is bleeding . i am now simultaneously nostalgic and oddly aroused . because my old one disappeared due to what i imagine is a perc glitch , and i couldn't readily find the exact one i had before . i found this one though and thought i'd try it on for size . a trial ... thank you for your question , idts . unfortunately , you basically just described my life . one of the many hardships that i have had to face over the last twenty some odd years is my simultaneous desire ... being a christian whiteskin with centuries of wealth in the family is a pretty good gig , not gonna lie . i highly recommend it . i also recommend spf 60 or higher and a pair of aviator sunglasses ... i always knew it was him whenever somebody i didn't recognize started being reasonable in a debate thread . not even kidding . it's that rare . that makes me feel ... i forgot about this thread . lol . good times . and as for your question wellsy , all of my experiences with everybody are characterized by severe rejection and despair . well that got dark . i actually agree . i didn't care for the member at all but sometimes the sheer negativity exhibited made me feel a twinge of guilt . or sympathy at the very least . that was not a happy person .  ... i mean that when a person says that something is true , what they generally mean is that the statement or model corresponds accurately to reality . we do not grasp the external world directly , and ... i am really annoyed by how weak some people are . i know that sounds bad , and i don't wish anything bad upon them , but it gets under my skin . i know this woman , a friend of a friend , and she makes ... actually , i just got sidetracked i guess and forgot to respond . i sometimes do that when things get busy . my apologies , i'll try to formulate some thoughts later today . nevermind . i don't even want to get involved . because we can't not : ( a dialogue between socrates and protagoras ) protagoras : truth is relative . it is only a matter of opinion . socrates : you mean that truth is mere subjective opinion ? lol , damnit silverfalcon , look what you've done . in case anybody wants to know what actually happened , no , british pirates did not kidnap american citizens and take them back across the atlantic ... i think your history is a little lacking . swap out gay for homosexual and this looks very different . one can speak of both homosexuals ( people who are homosexual ) and homosexuality ( the orientation or state of being homosexual ) . this speaks ... the source of all life and pleasure . truth is to be found only in the pussy . i have one . i don't know , is it ? i haven't had cable in like eight years , don't watch television , rarely watch new movies , don't have any social media accounts besides perc , don't read magazines , and don't ... i wouldn't call it genocide but obviously many white traits are polygenic and recessive , and therefore less likely to be expressed in mixed race offspring . i guess if somebody were deliberately ... 1 . rolling stones - sympathy for the devil 2 . david bowie - moonage daydream 3 . the beatles - because 4 . the arctic monkeys - do i wanna know ? 5 . rancid - red hot moon 6 . dropkick murphys - ... self help / instructional : what doesn't kill you makes you stronger : how to ignore maladies until they're medical emergencies when time flies : how to be ( almost ) on time for work when you keep ... i would enjoy that , too . particularly do androids dream of electric sheep ? i know that book like the back of my hand , wrote like a three thousand word essay on it for a third year philosophy course a ... i don't really care for anime , just was browsing this thread and decided to watch this clip because i wanted to see what silver falcon thinks intjs are like . spot . on . um , like to an ... my twenty seventh birthday came and went without incident . i had crepes for breakfast , rendered thin and pleasantly rubbery from the grassfed cow's milk and chicken eggs . i drowned them in maple ... i wear a lot of dark and neutral colours as well . i wouldn't consider myself highly fashionable , but i do have a distinctive style . staples of my wardrobe include dark wash skinny jeans , black or ... i donno , sort of . like in the same way every human being is at some point . but generally , no , that has not been my experience . i have always had a stable group of friends , gotten along well with ... said it before and i'll say it again - i don't see the big deal about the memo . i did not find it offensive , just some claims that i agreed with and some claims which i did not . this is a ... you correctly point out that this is not an empirical question , but then go on to say that there is overwhelming evidence that consciousness dies with the physical body and proceed to ask for ... i say this with all due respect , but i find your communication style difficult to follow sometimes . or , at the very least , rather non-intuitive . i also think i'm coming down with a fever right now so ... yeah , i mean , i guess you could equally regard life as a process rather than a thing - a conceptualization which skates a little close to vitalism - but to me life is a distinct biological ... i have toyed with this idea in the past . however , i believe such a conceptualization requires that consciousness be fundamentally immutable . if all matter were destroyed and there were no antennae to ... eh , i don't think i agree with you here . we are nitpicking over what people mean when they say something is dead . i think there is a perfectly logical and intuitive biological account of death ... helium is an asphyxiant , you can die from inhaling too much . when you inhale helium the oxygen in your lungs gets displaced . obviously too much oxygen depletion and you pass out , more than that and ... the purpose of the thread is to provide your reasoning for what you think happens to consciousness / conscious experience after death . your response is that nothing happens - ie , there is nothing that ... i think he's questioning the premise that death is the absence of experience , by definition . which is why he opened by saying that most people believe death to be like a kind of dreamless sleep , but ... i wouldn't say i'm sure of my position , but i think that consciousness ceases at death . i think that the brain facilitates the mind and if the brain ceases to function ( dies ) then the mind can no ... sounds like good customer service i guess and i don't see any immediate reason for concern . don't look a gift horse in the mouth , and all that ... this has started to strike me as an odd question as of late . if my life is a river , winding towards a sea whose proximity is obscured by rocks and trees , then what does it mean to ask if i am happy ... literally never heard this word before in my life . use whatever avatar you want , who cares if people call you that ? such a small fraction of the population is even going to know what it means . '