' i do agree with you that book counterparts , are generally smarter . i just don't think the writers are very sophisticated at writing appropriate reactions from the characters ( like you mentioned - ... any thoughts on euron greyjoy so far ? i'm thinking esxp . kind of funny , because estp = ramsay , esfp = joffrey . euron in the books is probably an estp , but i don't know , in the show he's more ... barry allen ~ the flash is a solid example of an enfp . i think finn is more of an esfp . some would argue leia organa is an entj , but i don't know if i agree with that . wonder woman ( in the comics ) ... this is an interesting thread , and i'm glad the whole ' this character is an infj ' is being discussed from multiple perspectives ... and i have a confession to make . i like typing fictional ... ah , i get what you mean . thanks for explaining it for me and yeah - it makes sense . like i said early - i'll put more thought onto it . istp - i can see a strong argument for . it's just entp that i ... i don't think i see anything in jung's description of fi that would suggest they could ' read ' people . interesting , although i do think tony is an esfp i'll put more thought into that . note : i'm just typing tony stark in the mcu , not in the comics . honestly , i think going to war and taking action ( te ) over the lose of a child is incredibly fi . it's just tony's motives are easily ... i thought tony was a thinker at first , but then i came across this very good description of fi in tony until the sales of weapons impacts tony directly , he doesn ’ t care about them – and then ... from firefly , you have zoe as a clear cut istj . then you have wash as an esfp ( although an argument could be made for enfp ) ygritte ( estp ) and jon snow ( ixfp - although some will disagree with me ... fi's interesting . sometimes fi isn't about moral convictions , but a bratty , childish , ' this is what i want , therefore it takes priority over all else ' . unhealthy fi is selfish , but healthy fi ... considering the deep discussion on the ' donald trump ' thread , i thought maybe we could discuss the long history of presidents of the usa . you can just type one president , or the ones of the 21st ... a question for those who lean more to estp - where do you see ti / fe , as opposed to fi / te ? c'mon , even if you hate weezer - there first two albums were solid ( a tad on the immature side in the lyrics though ) but we all have different tastes :) i know , it's from celebrity types but they do make a good case for rivers cuomo ( weezer ) . here are the quotes they list : cuomo : i believe in finishing what i started . cuomo : [ while ] i like ... good points . i am seeing more of an argument for entj - the combination of trump's fierce , firm principles and lack of tolerance ( te ) mixed with singular vision for what he wants usa to be ( ni ) . for ... i'm struggling to find types for songs , but i can type the albums . grunge is a very sp genre , imo . bleach - istp . tongue in check , experimental yet wonderfully aware . nevermind - esfp . anthems ... yeah , amanda seyfried's character . been a while since i saw mean girls - but i'd lean more to enfp . maybe she has ne in a lower position , perhaps ? i recall her eccentric comments , her outlook in life ... this is an interesting thread . i think any type can be remembered , make a mark on the world , impact on peoples lives ... isfps included . so i don't think we are ' forgetful ' per say , but very ... aww , look an intj thinks he's right and being ' honest ' ... so cute . and cliche . you're not worth it . we are just debating on interpretations . seeing as you have never given any examples on how ... anyway , i'm no longer discussing this . i have no intention to have a conversation with someone who is condescending and rude . i don't deserve to be treated with scorn . wow , aren't you a lovely person ? just a tip : when debating with someone , avoid making such claims as ' you are taking a moralistic standpoint ' or ' your missing the point . ' seriously , don't talk down ... to answer the op's question , karen from mean girls . classic ne-dom : she's into ideas , odd ways of thinking , etc as opposed to the concrete reality . ne can care about ' the truth ' - but with karen , ... who pillaged the riverlands ? who gave the order ? was it catelyn , or tywin ? because if it's not catelyn , why are we holding her accountable for a grown man adult's actions ? i'm sure oberyn martell ... yes , blame the riverlands on catelyn . blame the rape , pillage and murder , not on the person who gave the order but because of catelyn's decision . tywin is a grown man and an adult . he's accountable ... ' ridiculous feats of competence ' such as ? the red wedding , the ultimate band-aid solution ? him being hand of the king to aerys , who he struggled to keep in check ? i'll give tywin arranging cersei ... tywin ? smart ? let's see : - couldn't talk tyrion out of shooting him on the toilet - is the most hated person in westeros by his solution of resorting to rape and murder . being hated is not a smart ... i used to type him as an intuitive . i've seen some enfj typings as well . depends how you interpret his character or arc - but robb stark from game of thrones / a song of ice and fire . he rebels against the lannisters and joffrey , despite wielding power over him . hell , he ... well , saint michael the archangel , from the bible ( and catholic interpretations ) always struck me as an estj or entj . direct , does what needs to be done ( his most famous artwork by luca giordano is a ... depending on your perspective on whether or not she is a villain ... dolores from westworld really does strike me as an enfp . so i've been rewatching alot of doctor who in the past week , and tbh i struggle alot with mickey because i do see alot of se-like willingness to take charge , but i'm torn between whether or not he ... hmm ... i enjoyed iron fist despite its flaws , but i'll admit some of the characterization for the characters wasn't exactly clear . danny : isfp colleen : tricky ... i'll say istj for now . ward : ... about padme being an enfj to fill in a ' blank space ' - maz could possibly be an enfj ( but we need to see more of her ) . i get and agree with estp for poe - i'd however note he has really healthy fe and ... damn , i just saw the dw thread on sticky , forgot to look there . i'm silly , lol couldn't find the dw thread , so i'll start this one to discuss bill ! i'm thinking entp . her ne / fe is through the roof , with ti giving her a curious , analytical and individual streak . other ... i've always found dean to be hard to type . on one hand , he seems to be the classic estj : straight forward , commanding , honest , dedicated citizen . but there's also an argument for esfp or estp : not ... i ... love istjs dearly , and despise pauline hanson but istj does make the most sense for her . here's the thing about si . it can make people great learners , fast on their feet , commanding respect ... i do think cersei uses logic , it's just toxic , lannister i'm the best therefore i win logic . she reminds me of tywin alot ( which is ironic : cersei is the ' son ' tywin always wanted to be like him , but ... whilst i agree everything cersei does is about ending up losing her own power , te users can lose their power over time . tywin's ' lannister legacy ' is in utter decay , and nothing tywin nor kevan did ... well , cersei sucks at fe . it's kind of hard to manipulate people who hate you , or have their own agendas ( the sparrows , for instance ) . everyone hates cersei except jaime and joffrey , and she doesn't ... i've said negan in the past was an esxp , but i'm leaning more on entj these days . - negan loves all things power , structure , rules , responsibilities , order , etc . there is no struggle , he likes ... ti , should not be reduced to simply ' logical . ' what it is - the making sense of the world through and acting on logic . as it is introverted , it is incredibly personalized and not driven as an adapting ... you can do either if you like , it's up to you ! oh it wasn't aimed at you ! but i should've been more clear on what i meant , so i'm sorry for my lack of clarity . you can be critical of beyonce , but you can also praise her if you like . really - ... the title says it all ! this is a thread for anyone who wants to talk about sensors ( sjs and sps ) throughout history . anyone , as long as a ) they fascinate you somehow b ) you consider them to be ... with beyonce , i think you have a straight forward sfj . she knows exactly how to play and run the show , and take over the limelight from others . ni can do this ( any type could ) but with beyonce , she's ... i still think margaery is a si user . she knows exactly what she is doing , uses established methods to gain love ( charity work , for instance ) , often plays to societies expectations . what makes her a ... haneke's kind of rusty for me , i haven't seen a film of his in a while but i adore the white ribbon . his films are kind of - stripped bare - meaning there is a lack of excess or overall interference ... sofia coppola's very interesting . i think she's an isfp . i've seen all her films with the exception of the bling ring , and i've noticed the following - very ' aesthetical ' - pleasing and mood setting ... about studio interference : it depends on the film . so , there was alot of studio interference in say , suicide squad - but not much in david ayer's previous films . i'd suggest looking at trends of the ... '