' depends on the nature and circumstances of the insult . an example of this was a situation that happened a few years ago . i was in a position in an organization ( paid fan club ) that required me ... interesting topic . my anger manifests pretty much in one of two ways : 1 . someone does something stupid , inconveniences me , isn't considerate , etc . : bottle it until i can speak with the ... thanks for letting us know and best of luck to both of you . random : have not yet eaten the wall or floor in my new skate set-up . couple of close calls friday night . really pushed it and paid for it saturday morning with sore feet and legs . the hell with him . sounds like he expects you to immediately drop everything for him regardless of your own needs ( you know ... like sleep ? ! ) . bullet dodged . mine are two 18 1080p displays connected to the laptop dock plus the laptop display . my supervisor has four displays of various sizes plus the laptop . i've asked him more than once if he's ... ... but i won't . it's not my main job . it's a gig that i have on the side . i deal with this individual a few times a week , not every day . i can't really say that it affects my mental health and mood ; we istj's are ... guilty of this . i've been known to deal with distasteful people as a means to my ends . there's one in particular that i have a business relationship with ; we tolerate each other because want ... i had the original nexus 7 and it lasted me about the same time before it finally became an expensive paperweight a few weeks ago . having said that , i'll replace it with another android tablet ... ^ ^ this . it's 3pm and i'm stuck here for another 90 minutes . 709106 7090 98 the good pictures ( i . e . , the ones taken with a real camera ) will probably be a while . like i mentioned , i didn't take any . the pics here were taken with crappy digital cameras and / or even worse ... total solar eclipse did the trick for me . all the way leading up to it ( went with a group of three other people ) i was like , do we have the tent set up correctly ? , let's stop here for fuel , do ... when i say we , i really mean the other three people in my party . i deliberately chose to experience the event and try to be in-the-moment , and i believe that i succeeded . working on them . we got like ... 600 the one that just kills me is when someone puts a really simple question on social media , where can i find ? , what time does ( local event ) start ? here , let me google that for you ! i have been ... i still am as well . i'm on vacation next week and everyone is still acting like i'll be here and expecting me to do things next week . tomorrow i'll be out of the office all day in meetings so if it ... that reminds me of the meme going around that says that istj's state that there is no killer . rant 1 : i realized tonight i'm near the end of my energy rope ; a group of us play trivia at a local bar on monday nights and i was too wiped to do much than eat and chime in with answers when i ... yep ... it will be fun . i'm looking forward to teaching the new dude some tandem rhythm moves . the hoosier apex - the american midland dialect grocery cart or just cart here . what ? that doesn't even make any sense . the last pos that broke into my car ( coincidentally also during winter ) stole 6 cd's and 90 ¢ .  ... which also doesn't make any sense . jackwipes . also , ... ran into intj-m again last night . the exchange was painful on my part . i'm grateful for my ability to mostly keep a poker face . came home and went straight to bed with a horrible stomachache , ... a little late on the reply , but i agree with the others .. best that you couldn't / didn't look . my own personal browsing habits at work are pretty mundane as well ; during my breaks or slow times i'll ... ... easier than offering up some wordy i agree with you because ... reply ( even though we very well may agree with you because ... ) :-) there's no reason for you to not communicate with her ( emails , text , etc . ) while you're both away , and if you happen to be able to meet and get together , that's great . however , i would a ) find out if ... thanks . i actually have a need for a checkbox for a document that i'll be creating soon . rave : best compliment i've heard in a while ; received in a private message on social media , verbatim : the woman that presents herself as a badass is actually a snowflake and the woman that you ... nailed it . emotional connection my hind end . like i already said , one of the parties will catch feelings and that'll be the end of that . i'm too old for that , and i've worked too hard for the ... theorist i think it was meant in a sarcastic manner , like wow ... i can't hardly believe that excuse ! i used to care more about that when i was younger , but now ... not as much . people don't tend to call me clingy ; however , they do tend to call me bossy . i think it's because i have a need to control ... thanks . i won't know anything for at least two weeks . the head of the search committee is on vacation . i suspect my boss is a type 8 ... not certain , but all signs point to yes . he's not a ... i agree to disagree with you , and also agreed that we'll just move on . i just did . my computer is ancient and takes forever to refresh . it was my honest opinion and attempt to add to the conversation . if you feel the need to report me for attempting to add another element to the conversation , by all means please do so as you wish . ... i also think that those that really could benefit from the use of a doctor's advise and prescriptions medications probably aren't going .. i am a strong mental health advocate but i also believe that ... i will call people out , and the more egregious / repeated the offense , the more likely i am to call them out publicly . i applied for a different position at my job on the recommendation of ... i agree . aside from getting your physical needs met , there isn't much to be gained from this . one of you will fall for the other , and then the arrangement will fall apart . also , i find it hard ... this made me laugh and grind my teeth at the same time . i've had very similar things happen to me . i guess the best reaction i can put to this is auuughhh . reminds me of a time a group of us went to vegas for a few days . was in a central area inside of the casinos just randomly wasting time before supper and a group of three extremely intoxicated young ... there's a group ( clique ) of people at my job that everyone else has openly started calling the herd . they haven't caught on yet , so ... your statement is correct ( it's correct anyway , but their ... 1 . what do you do if you've already invested money into an event ( gas money , movie tickets , etc . ) . do you eat the money or do you go ahead and attend the event solo ? 2 . if you do get flaked out ... 1 . what do you do if you've already invested money into an event ( gas money , movie tickets , etc . ) . do you eat the money or do you go ahead and attend the event solo ? 2 . if you do get flaked out ... same here . you could have been reading my mind on this one . i think i don't care anymore due to me being older now . one thing that's huge around here right now is the mohawk / pompadour haircut ... if you believe that you can deal with seeing them every day and knowing that you will probably interact with one or both of them , then by all means stay at the current gym . i have a semi-similar ... if everyone else is doing it and it's something that i've researched on my own and makes sense / is something i'd want to do anyway , then fine . otherwise ... pffft . '