' hi guys , i am a lurking intp on this forum and irl i'm a phd student of linguistics in poland . i am doing a project on word learning and to construct the stimuli for my study i need some american ... i need about 9 hours of sleep - from midnight till 9 a . m . i have the luxury of being able to stick to it and i do . sleep is super important for me and even minor sleep deprivation has a huge effect ... i agree with most of the things that you're written , however , in my experience , trying to convince an fe dom not to do the thing they do for your own good ( be it putting ketchup on your sandwich ... a friend told me that in situations when the emotional load exuded by other people is too much , he gets out of the room - physically removes himself from the unhealthy person . i think that the method ... hmm ... i don't know whether there was such a thread , tbh . this problem with inability to detach from people's emotional states , with having them in your head is something a couple of my friends ... i have three words for you - thought screen helmet . tbh , your problem might be pretty abstract to most intps . i believe that it stems from the very fact that your dominant function is fi and you ... 1 . wait for like-minded gals to respond in this thread . 2 . check out which one lives closest to your neighbourhood . 3 . date her . 4 . ? ? ? 5 . profit ! ! ! alternatively , post your post on a dating ... btw , i can't believe no-one has referenced indigo children so far . kilgore trout are you awake ? : tongue : i shoot lasers from my eyes . http://media.comicvine.com/uploads/0/4226/148051-103500-xavier-institute-for_super.jpg i have 2 other hypotheses concerning not following the advice . first possibility : i noticed that people often don't know what they want , but are much better at knowing what they don't want . the ... let me recap . firstly , you come to the esfj forum and ask esfjs ( people , whose dom function is fe , which values common morals above all else ) and ask them how to screw up another esfj ( and ask ... me ! consciousness studies , brains cut in slices language , biology , complex devices books and ideas , my laptop , ( beer ) are just a few things that i hold dear . urban dictionary : the mental image will never go away : crazy : also , how do laser sex eyes work ? i hate it when so shaves clean and i'd hate it if he cut his hair . i met him hairy , i got used to him hairy , and i hate it when he stops being hairy . i'm 23 . with other guys , i haven't noticed any ... awww : laughing : i wouldn't . it takes a lot to get me out of bed before 9-10 a . m . : tongue : 1 . balance in life . i want to be able to enjoy what life has to offer while not being disturbed by its unpleasant ... i feel lonely sometimes but it seems to happen when i'm surrounded by people , more often than not . on my own , i'm usually quite happy . i like solitude . in social setting , however , i sometimes feel ... i criticise your despicable unappreciation of having your face melted . face the face-melting ! embrace it ! thank you very , very much for the link , eunoia . i find it very useful and relevant ( also - it speaks volumes about my interactions with my fe parents , lol ) . i cannot tell , really . it's ... mhm . i also wanted to post about it . high five , username . : laughing : i haven't noticed my fe interfering with the ti-driven thinking process itself . when i'm analysing stuff , i can actually ... http://obeygiant.com/store/imager.php/product_thumb.jpg?width=250&image=http://obeygiant.com/store/images/P/offsetobey.jpg i don't know really . i have the impression that i'm way more critical about myself than about other people . unless they really ride into one of my pet peeves ( like sexism ) or make my life ... yes , more dominant seems like an appropriate way of putting it . the way i understand it , intps with strong fe , still have ti as their dominant function , their perception of the world is ti-oriented , ... to intps with strong fe : how ( why , what for ) did you develop your fe ? did you want to develop it ? did it happen as a result of the environmental influence and upbringing ? did it happen naturally ... calling people i know in urgent situations is ok , i guess . the rest is terrifying . i hate talking on the phone . i get sick when i have to arrange something over the phone with strangers . awkward ... this . i experience somewhat of a split in such situations . the person on the outside - my overgrown fe - just blurts out the conventional lines , smiles and nods , the person on the inside - my ti - ... i know , right ? : laughing : lol , boys . ti at its finest . captain obvious is proud of you . : crazy : i have the syndrome described and i call it intellectual bulimia . i get hooked on a subject and i gorge on the data connected with it . i research it , i read about it and think about it for a day , ... i am very rare . a beautiful and unique snowflake , me . i don't live in the us . i don't have a tv . i don't buy glossies and i don't search gossip portals . i don't write bullshit to impress random strangers . in general i try to avoid writing bullshit ( if ... i asked google about k-fed and benefits . google says you're right . edit : ok , i admit . i still don't get it . stupid bee , stupid . this . also , if someone does something interesting ( that usually concerns artists , philosophers , writers etc . ) , i'm often curious about the personality behind it . in principle , the more ... most probably 6w5 - 9w1 - 3w2 sp / sx . i'm pretty sure of 6w5 - i'm actually a textbook example of that type . this . however , let me comment that exploding cherries are a far superior way of dealing with the zombie situation . nah , that's just you ... : tongue : i hardly ever get bored when alone . usually , i have imaginary conversations in my head . or i replay conversation i've had and stretch them in different directions . i try different answers and ... ( a ) yes ( b ) in having sex : mellow : the way i see it , there's nothing wrong with people wanting to be sexually atractive . and i do believe that to some extent we're all sexual objects . but sex constitutes just a fraction of our life ... mainstream porn doesn't do it for me . but i don't get the arguments about the exploitative porn industry . i can't believe that if you sign up to be a porn actor , you don't know what you're getting ... cloud seeding i believe that understanding the reality behind it all is not ( or at least not only ) the matter of high intelligence , but the matter of what you want and are ready to see . i've seen highly ... more make-up , less combing . http://www.filmofilia.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/new_moon_pic_robert_pattinson_kristen_stewart.jpg ( compare the amount of lipstick on him and on her ) also , a ... who doesn't ? ;) epic black holes are epic . don't tell me you wouldn't like to be one ... :P mina , this post struck a chord with me . i'm really grateful that you shared it . my relationship with parents seems very similar to yours , so i will project here a lot , but i hope it will be of some ... it's permanent . that's the trick ;) i would take it for the brief moment of reaching understanding . i wouldn't resist the possibly of such perfect completion . after that i think i'd either kill ... novalis good call ! : laughing : i would make food ... i like food . mmmm ... brownies ! imagine this : one day you meet a wizard who offers you a magical pill . this pill gives you the knowledge of the entire universe and everything within it . within a few brilliant minutes the ... '