' the naked women chase was the best , i think , followed closely by that black hole death . i'd probably want something with a huge adrenaline rush as well . some paranoid innocent is going to come ... youtube - yuval fichman plays chopin piano concerto no . 1 , 2nd movement intps are a riot . they are generally quite useful in intellectual pursuits , and i have a blast with my intp friends coming up with ridiculous , off-the-wall theories . i agree that they tend to be ... agreed . threads like these could be useful for examining relationships between two types , but i don't think it would ever be specific enough to count for anything ... so , with that in mind , i won't ... i prefer to be deliberately vague if i don't want to tell someone somethingx 97a bit like those stories with wishing as the central theme . if one doesn't word one's wish specifically , then the outcome ... my mother is an intj . i've spoken to my father once over the phone . i have no siblings . i am an intj . as was mentioned earlier , i am poker-faced by default , and i rarely speak — i typically don't talk unless i find something of interest and want to comment on it . when i do talk , i'm ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_7xWNUqxxI unfeeling robots . it's been said so many times , but it must be said again . we feel . just not publicly . i appreciate all the thoughtful responses i've received so far . if any of you have anything else to add , please feel free . beyond that , if there are any passing intjs who have something to say like ... well-thought out , although i'd have to add this bit for me ... when i'm irritated , i will grind my teeth and my face will display actual emotion ( yes , for a change of pace ) . may edit later with ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S7fWz4WBNs4 all the time . my mother found it prudent to tell me that only really old people are supposed to talk to themselves when i was seven and she caught me at it . i was afraid for the next week that i'd ... don't apologize . no offense was taken . i asked for honest opinions and you gave yours to me . thank you for sharing it . i've done quite a bit of searching on this subject , but so far i've turned up nothing of note beyond a couple threads scattered here and there . nothing truly in depth , if you will . i'd like it if ... i do this quite a bit . kind of makes me feel like a brilliant chessmaster , actually . i've done this , like most of you , and to more than one person , although the numbers have been few . this is because , quite simply , i don't interact with people i don't want to interact with . to ... i have an enfj friend . she can be incredibly two-faced ; fortunately for me , the times she was two-faced were because she wanted to help me in a certain situation , but i still didn't approve of the ... i am certainly no infp — i'm an intj , in fact — but ... well , i've sniffed books before . i tend to like the smells of books with glossier pages — older ones with rougher textures are more pungent . in ... i enjoy brick jokes like these : read this first , and then this one next . otherwise , i enjoy irony and dark humor . i tend to agree with nexus , and i'm sure there are some types who would be more likely to self-deprecate than others , but for the most part , it is a moot point . not all intjs are self-deprecating , ... i must admit that i enjoy the kuudere persona we tend to project . i do hope you enjoy your stay here . i don't do this . if i have a question , i ask it , no strings attached . i haven't really noticed that trend in other intjs , either . i mean , i'm far too amazing to warrant comments like this . the ... i find self-deprecating comments incredibly irritating , especially when someone ( for example , a friend ) shows me something they made and then tries to feign modesty by saying it totally sucks after ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tmjPrdTNxQ0 would the intjs who can relate to this please stand up ? if you've ever lost someone dear to you , does it hit close to home ? does the plot of the song ... spock isn't intj . he's such a hardcore istj that it's scary . i have the same problem with this social cues thing . a male walked up to me after i had performed during a concert today and randomly hugged me . he was part of the concert , but i couldn't recall his ... i assume if your interactions tend to be positive and yield better results ( friendships , for example ) you should vote for that type . i love entps , in any case . i sing . i dance . i occasionally dance with my pets because that gets them excited . i also make fun of everything around me , which is basically the equivalent of me speaking without thinking .   ... here is my problem : i feel as if most people are approaching this as if intjs are all the same person . to ask whether or not all intjs are capable of feeling love , op , is like asking if all filipinos ... if you're positive she's an i , then i'd say istj . ( gotta love aa ! ) while i haven't gotten my hands on the latest game , investigations ( which was apparently a huge disappointment ! ) , my friend did tell me he seemed to build off of theories a lot in ... definitely an ixtj he shies away from human contact . he's a prosecutor . he is extremely logical and rational . play braid or machinarium . phew . okay . here we go . i had a friend . she is an infp . she was my best friend . one day she told me she needed to talk to me . she said she thought she had feelings for me . i told her to please be ... youtube - el dorado ~ lullaby of demonic hell + be of good cheer ! ~ youtube - ( pc - 98 ) terror ? ? touhou metal / prog rock 167 she might take it the wrong way , actually . then again , she might not . what's her personality like , assuming you know ? could an intj be racist ? of course . could any other type be racist ? definitely . this has a lot to do with environment , how a child is raised and what a child sees — if a child's parents are ... makes sense . we both thought different things because we saw calvin both on a list of infps and intjs , which made little sense to either of us . anyway , thanks . i happen to be an only child . is a poll in order ? if we intend to discover any correlation between this , it would be helpful , although i'm unsure it would make any difference in an intj's ... if it were meant as a joke i would threaten to oppress all manner of rebellion via intense and unwarranted psychological and physical torture . if it were meant seriously i would likely find ... i apologize if this is in the wrong section . my friend and i are having an interesting discussion about this . she thinks calvin is an infpx 97i think he is an intj . amusingly enough , she is an ... i feel like this during my better moments : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTNxQd1TigU i was walking home to school with my best friend at the time and we were coming to an intersection . i was looking back at her ( the sidewalk was very thin and made it difficult to walk side by side ) ... the world at large - modest mouse well , home , mainly . i suppose if there were a library or vidya game store near here i'd probably dick around there . thanks . eureka ! and thank you for greeting me , kindly administrator . sports does come to mind when that word is mentioned , doesn't it . an activity you enjoy . walking a dog , for example . although i would not know the appropriate response if walking a dog would be ... '