' it would be painful for the a-few-years-ago-me too but i haven't had that problem recently * phew * thanks to my intp charm ... if there even is such a thing ... intp charm ... :P lets just say i ... when your entj friend tells you you are socially awkward disorganized scatterbrained inefficient at work irresponsible stubborn and that you have a short attention span and don't listen . and ... could have been a love story . [ video ] :D what i always think when i realize sth or when a nice idea comes to my head ... ' someone probably thought of this before . meh ' me in high school :D i would still think thats cute though :D i do that too sometimes but mostly i end up sounding rude or awkward : s yes also that :D what if you could time travel only once ? where would you go ? the office pendulum toy :'( if i try ti my head explodes like your avatar yeah that theory :) ) what if there is the 4th spatial dimension how would it look like ? : confused : what if dark matter is heaven or hell which are in another dimension and we can only feel their gravity ? :D * googles that * what if there is a god and he is in the 4th or 5th spatial dimension ? and that is why we cannot see him and why he can see all of us at the same time ? :D it just hit me :D i thought it would be interesting wince intp are all about theories . just state a random thought starting with ' what if ' examples : ' what if the universe was created yesterday together with ... i found this on a website ; maybe most of you have read it but i thought it would be helpful to tell if someone is s or n . you can also see which you prefer more yourself :) tell me what you think ? ... story of my life i had to plan the whole week like pick which cities i will go to and check the hotels and check the domestic flights and so on ... and i would be like ' ok - tripadvisor - lets check each city - oh ... 2 . you are with a group of people in a car , heading to a different town to see your favourite band / artist / musician . suddenly , the car breaks down for an unknown reason in the middle of nowhere . what ... when planning your vacations is the hardest task ever . ever . i will just go take a nap . i was thinking exactly that just now :D oh high school ! in high school : - i would take part in mathematics competitions ( every year actually ) - yes i was a nerd and i had good grades . never had difficulty with lessons - i would ... this might be the reason for me too . i imagine biology as something deterministic :D like ' a ' brings ' b ' or ' a ' + ' b ' brings ' c ' and so on . i have my mental ' puzzle ' of these processes and i feel ... suppose you are reading a cell biology or medical book or anything and come across this sentence : ' the mechanism behind this process is not fully understood yet but there are several theories . one ... what i like : science , astronomy , biology , applied mathematics maybe ? ( i always wonder about how those things work ) , places to visit , nature , pretty much knowing how nature works and knowing what ... i get estp entp and intp and i am still in between :D i heard entps are creative but i am not very awfully creative like when you ask me to caption a picture im usually blank . i also heard they ... how do you understand that you're not an n ? taking the test high ... that's genius and i had never thought about it :D must try i might tend to be mean / rude / sarcastic at times without realizing it . i don't mean blatantly honest ( i keep bad thoughts to myself ) but i do sound arrogant and pretentious and maybe like i like ... i usually shed tears at the end of movies . like if there is a happy ending i will cry . also if there is a sad ending . the one that comes to my mind right now : ... i do believe but i am not very religious . i believe that there is something ' spiritual ' about people and about the world . i believe people have a soul :D i also see god as a presence which can ... i would be more likely to kill them :D ( i posted this twice because i forgot i had to ' reply with quote ' and my post just showed up somewhere at the last page . ugh ) if i were trying to flirt i'd be more likely to kill them on the spot and make a joke afterwards :D : s also , from your experience , which type do you think is best and worst in reading people's feelings , reactions and intentions ? like for example noticing when someone is trying to flirt with you or ... also , from your experience , which type do you think is best and worst in reading people's feelings , reactions and intentions ? like for example noticing when someone is trying to flirt with you ... i also never seem to realise whether someone is trying to flirt with me . specially if im not interested . i just cannot pick up the cues and hints . what's that in terms of functions ? at the same time though i am very bad at picking up other people's hints and clues . i never understand if someone is trying to hit on me . story of my life .. i never notice when i flirt . just comes naturally to me . i always get surprised when they ask me out later or when friends tell me i was being flirty :/ sounds pretty much like me :D flirting like when you meet someone you find interesting and want to date them :D i mean what do you tend to do ? act shy ? body language ? eye contact ? etc etc :) what ? i personally have no problem when there is someone i like . when that someone is an introvert , i use a lot of body language , eye contact - my eyes are even sparkling . when that someone is ... well if you tell me that you are obama's cousin right now i wouldn't really be suspicious cos it does not make a difference to me . id be like oh well . i would forget it immediately . it's like my ... how do estp's flirt ? if you are intp , how do you flirt ? pick up lines ? batting eyelashes ? something else ? or if you know any intp how do they flirt ? they say intps are weird and awkward so i was curious about it :) fill in the blank ^ ^ fill in the blank :D my entj friend complains that i dont listen and that i have a short attention span . my isfj boyfriend complains i am stubborn and don't take opinions into consideration and that im too lazy to plan ... the thing is that sometimes i do jump into things to get them done quickly and sometimes i don't . whenever i take the test im always between answers . i sometimes prefer both equally im terribly naive too but that's when they tell me things i don't care about so i don't feel like i need to wonder if it's true . on contrast , im pretty suspicious with people i care about and ... i used to live in my head a lot in thr the past too .. i cannot really remember actually :D i study molecular biology and genetics and i take chemistry physics and such classes and im fine with the ... '