' i know this feeling , bro . for example , today i went to an awesome biking track with small hills here and there . to get there you have to ride down a very steep road . when i found myself at the end of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OPf0YbXqDm0 just finished the secret garden and now finishing jane eyre . i adore the language it's written in . mass effect 2 . i love the series ! the theory of everything - such an inspiring and uplifting movie ! i'd never knew much about stephen hawking and it was quite a surprise to me . i notice changes on people - the way they behave , the way they dress , new haircut for example . : tongue : but with my surroundings , it's worse . massive changes like something standing somewhere where ... i love talking to new people , getting to know them more , they are like walking mysteries to me . but after we know each other better , i usually become disappointed and don't go any further . it's also ... today i did nothing stunningly productive - except for tidying a bit - and i am proud of that . snow lazy quirky i love almost all animals ! but one of my favourites are : alpacas http://cdn.cutestpaw.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/l-Who-said-llamas-couldnt-be-cute..jpg pugs ... tulkas you don't need to be sorry . ;) and thank you . no_d 3n1al yeah , but that also means she doesn't have so much time . that's a pleasant idea , though after talking with her i still have got ... there is such person , but i doubt she'd do anything about it . in fact , she's the only one that notices me , but she's got other friends and i respect it . in my opinion i really can't do much , because ... thank you one more time for all the replies . today i encountered a not very pleasing either reassuring situation , in which , at the end of the lessons , everybody wished each other nice weekend , ... sitting in my home , most likely . god , i wish there would be halloween in my country . woah , thank you guys for advices ! ghostpony 750 i guess that's the point . sometimes i act much more mature than one should in my age and that's probably one of the reasons they behave like that ... thank you so much for your reply ! that's an interesting point of view , i'll keep it in mind . please , help me . : c a year ago i became a subject of gossip in my class - everything was made up and told by an enemy of mine ( ex-friend i can say , hah ) . it was the very first year and after that ... why do i have to screw everything up in the end ? turquoise ! i've never stopped caring . all the comments above apply to my person very well . i think that you just need to look at things from other perspectives , e . g . from point of view of the person you care ... stop worrying about everything so much ! you don't need to say sorry all the time ! wow , your expectations are so high . i'm really impressed . i really like you . you're so calm . she must ... wow , thanks a lot ! i'll read it further later . thanks guys , although it was a little bit late when the first person replied ( a day later but still ) . anyway , it's sort of personality type that i'm describing for some kind of assignment . ;) recently , struggling between being infp and intp , i came to a rather strange conclusion . that is to say , according to mbti letters , i'm almost completely a stereotypical infp . let's leave it like ... * sent the same post twice * i often have emotional outburts while i ramble about the world being so cruel , how pathetic i am and basically just criticizing myself in every possible way . usually , i am also being grumpy and ... for lazy people : delicate vigilant timid hates being the center of attention solitary ambivert with introverted tendencies doesn't mind groups remains in loose relationships with ... okay , so basically i've got this set of traits and am wondering what likely mbti type and enneagram would have a person with it . let's assume it's a woman . generally speaking , this thing is very ... why am i happy that i'm going to the hospital ? only for three days , but it's weird anyway . i like watching really stupid tv shows and playing online games for young girls a . k . a . stardoll . : tongue : 1 ) do you like being intimidated ? no . 2 ) is it easier for you to detect introvert vs extrovert ( using mbti or so ionic ) or perceiving vs judging ? introvert vs extrovert . 3 ) have you even mistaken ... thank you for your answer ! it's really helpful . my intj likes to joke with me and is very nice , which was kind of surprising because of all those intj stereotypes going around the internet . so by ... recently i've met a wonderful intj ; we've been texting each other for quite a long time and i'm wondering : 1 . what questions do you like to be asked ? 2 . what do you like to talk about ? hello . :D * also hugs * thanks . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QxVZYiJKl1Y today i accomplished all the things from my to-do list , cleaned the whole house and even went to a big social event . what a great day ! tomorrow schedule will be even more interesting ! i assume it's only about an hour left and i am separated only from my friends ( i don't have them anyway : c ) and family ? well , then i would try to recall and memorize every enjoyable moment in my ... i am a bit that kind of infp . on one side i'm extremely career-oriented , want to have the best job i can , earn lots of money and then buy my parents a nice , decent house etc . to thank them for all ... i'm happy because i realised that all that exercise wasn't a waste of time and that i look really good . i'm happy because i'm finally starting to accept myself . i'm happy ( and excited ) because i'm ... smell here . although i've always been wondering how it is to lose sight . or touch . or hearing . interesting . but maybe i don't want to know . yeah , i love them . :D how are you today ? quite good . what are you thinking of right now ? that maybe i would watch another episode of game of thrones , but i don't have a good wi-fi in my room ( arghhh ) and right now i'm ... a hug . a friend . and an ice cream . grapes . so hardcore . i adore her music , not necessarily for lyrics , which are quite boring ( the same scheme over and over again ) and shallow , but just for the sake of melody , the sound of her unusual voice . she seems to ... same problem here , although my parents aren't so strict about it . my dad constantly says how it would be nice if i'd be a doctor of some kind , because doctors will always have a job and money and he ... recently i've watched an awesome movie called frances ha . the main character reeaally intrigued me and because i can't come up with any idea about her type i decided to ask you guys . so ... frances ... while preparing for a presentation i need to either have a piece of paper in front of me and read from it or to learn everything exactly as it was on the paper . then everything is okay . i remember ... right now i don't have any friends , but when i did in the past , they were both extroverts . and i loved it , especially one of them , who was always so cheerful and talkative and at the same time she ... promising , lazy , frustrating '