' what if i said no to saying no ? haha just for shits and giggles . 713730 rainy weather = sweater and sweat pants . being comfortable is life . haha dear intj , the world has a lot to offer . we spent our time well , watching the thunder storm from the shores of the beach . the best things in life aren ’ t things . to the perfect storm . best , ... dear female entj landlord , i understand you feel strongly about something , but i am not your emotional trash can . you dumped garbage on me 4 times , i stated that if you made your decision then ... dear entj , nothing can ever replace your spirit in my life ! i fight every day and gain courage to choose the hard path because i know life isn't guaranteed . you are the reason i must live a life ... i am a female enfp ( 27 ) dating a male intj ( 30 ) . i understand how you must feel , at the end of the day what matters is : are you okay with you ? i don't see my intj m-t because i need space of my ... dear 2016 me , you were brave beyond belief . shed the traits that don't serve you , remember the lesson . use your courage to inspire others to be brave . sincerely , enfp version 2.0 would it be a different story if the intj asked : why not ? ah . so cute ! did you make it ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FslecgbAdo0 this goes out to you rude customer . i will cry , it will be out of my system , and then it's all over . it's a temporary thing . i'll make it through the ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FslecgbAdo0 this goes out to you rude customer . i will cry , it will be out of my system , and then it's all over . it's a temporary thing . i'll make it through the ... your hair is cute ! i love the shades of pink on you ! that's funny that you had the same argument . it's useful information though ! i love learning new things . i'll have to try this out . dear esfp boss , i let you take the reigns and listened when you told me not to give a complicated answer to our client . i watched as the confused customer got more confused because you gave him ... : blushed : what more can a girl ask for ! ? 706770 pretty ! https://open.spotify.com/track/1oMTC7wvZCf7zeUpodLlQf but she said , where'd you wanna go ? how much you wanna risk ? i'm not looking for somebody with some superhuman gifts … lol if i saw you do all of those things , i probably would just remain quiet haha . well yes intjs do lead with ni , which isn't expressed out into the world , so for me it was a surprise to see how you ... lol . this is also a misunderstanding . i had asked my intj to do the dishes , and he was fine with it . my intentions are not to pick a trivial fight over placing the food into the fridge because i ... woah guys . i'm not asking you advice about the situation . i explained my interaction with my intj to see if the example what other intjs would do in that situation to get to know that intj better ... lol all i see is * smile . * so would you not even help with the dishes , since i cooked in this situation ? ^ ___ ^ that's an interesting perspective . so are you pretty open minded ? it sounds like you are . thanks for your kind words ! http://imgur.com/a/yZv5x any thoughts ? are intjs stubborn ? in my experience : my intj refused to put the hot soup i made into the fridge . i refused to back down , since i read this awhile back : ... dear intj customer , you've been burned by other companies , i won't assure you with words , i will show you in writing what we bring to the table . you will see . best , enfp 706018 been dealing with crazy situations at work , so finally got a moment to just have a bit of fun . it feels right to do so . you just feel a deeper connection , i start sharing deeper thoughts and selective emotions until finally you are raw . i haven't told them yet , but it's kinda nice keeping it ... dear istj , treat people like humans , and they will move mountains for you . it felt good to tell you no , i won't help you . i thought it was well deserved . i hope you learn a lesson , and if ... dear entj , i appreciate you so much more once i grew some thicker skin . thanks . you made an impression on me . - enfp move on with courage intp . they lost someone that liked them , while you lost someone that didn't like you . i call that a win . use it to enhance your red flag radar , who knows you might recover sooner ... dear intj , from the depths of my soul , you have forever changed the way that i love . no , it's not infatuation , as time goes by , you will now start to see the sides of me that have been locked ... yes it is reality . it's such a crucial part to the relationship . well see he likes dominating , however i'm not into being submissive lol . i see well it makes sense , if both partners aren't ... any intjs encounter a relationship with a partner that has different view of sex ? i have been in a relationship with an intj for five months , and everything has been amazing except this ... dear esfp boss , thanks for the reminder to take more action . you taught me how to ask for what you want without overthinking about it . let's combine the powers of present and future and build ... i'll just say i plead the fifth for this one . hunches and predictions of people and situations are thrilling . it gets me in trouble sometimes . hm . so which do you value more ? actions or ... hm . you just cleared up something . i am internalizing my strong feelings for him because of fi ; sacred feelings stay within layers , while he needs clarification on my feelings because he is also ... when an intj askes if you love them ? this confused me , because i would think that it says it all in my actions . i kind of disregarded the thought that it could stem from his insecurity , ... dear new entj , yes , i spot you out from a mile away . i literally am excited to see how efficient you will make our office . you thought that your traits sounded bad on paper ? how about ... you really gave a virtual wake up call . i had to reread your post twice , since you know ... us enfps are always present . thanks for keeping me on my toes . 687402 himalayan salt pen holder . i have a thing for office supplies . you could name it private network hahaha . thanks for posting , i enjoyed all the posts so far about this istj . maybe just try sharing your thoughts ? i just like silence sometimes . he has received silent treatment in the past . your point on being consistent , is probably key . we've only been dating for 2 months , so not enough time to ' show ' him that i mean what i say . i ... hello there , it's a bit of a cliche , every couple of years , i assess if a position has room for growth . i am currently a senior sales executive at a merchant processing firm . i have been here ... i can't speak for all enfps , but there are layers that a select few get see . being serious is one of them . i had to look up egregiously . you just increased my vocabulary . ah yes , regardless of type similar life values does help with compatiblity . yes , agreed a good balance of all traits is necessary . haha , i am guessing that they will be confused a lot of the ... brilliant , redirect the question to him for clarity . i'll apply and assess muahaha . thank you ! my intj tends to ask what's wrong ? when i am in deep thought i have a blank stare . i have already explained that i am just lost in thought , and said i would prefer what's good ? since the ... haha special fishies . yeah definitely they might bring out sides of you that you never knew existed . can you scope out the ' energies ' when you enter a room ? i can relate comeplete to this . ... '