' new to writing poetry but thought i would post this anyway . indifferent spirit . a chamber that is of emptiness only darkness prevails and an unswept mind that chooses , sails . for tis the ... have a maths examination tomorrow and i'm reading random forums . ' procrastination is like masturbation , in the end , you're only fucking yourself ' . so true ... i try to live in the moment as well , being with friends and socializing more in order to keep my mined occupied . though there hasn't been a day where he hasn't appeared in my mind . i'm glad i ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kS-zK1S5Dws i thought this suited this thread quite well :) i would say a reason i'm content right now is that i've been talking to some wonderful , helpful people ... it wasn't just the one argument . we tended to fight more in the end . it took us a month from the time he mentioned us breaking up to us finally breaking up . it wasn't easy , especially since we were ... his wall definitely went up . this hurts so bad when it happens , but i guess it's just his way of trying to heal . though he never blocked me or deleted me ( actually , i was the one that blocked / deleted ... this is another thing i think about all the time . i tell myself we'll become friends in the future ( say another 3-4 years or so ) and that maybe , since we've both grown and matured more , that there ... i never thought about how other infps felt about this . which i find pretty idiotic of myself haha . it comforts me that quite a few of you feel the same way :) exactly how i feel :) thank you . i'll take your advice into consideration . and agreed , it's the best feeling when someone adds you haha , i feel loved :P yeah , i have definitely noticed the more inviting environment :) . i love the people here , just haven't been actually talking to anyone as such . i'd love to make some close friends here (: though i don't know many people on this site , i seem to enjoy its existence :) . it helps me understand people to a more full extent . still , in saying this , i would love to make some more friends , ... definitely have fixations with people . right now still infatuated with my ex . it's rather tiresome . anyone have any tips for an infp to get over someone ? it's been over 8 months . i also tend to ... i know an esfj and i can only take her in small doses or i start to feel real irritated and tired of her . i love her to pieces , but i need my space when it comes to her . almost my complete opposite . i'm only 17 going on 18 , so kids aren't really a concern right now . if i were to have children , then i'd say i would have them in my late 20s ( after traveling and exploring life and such ) or even ... - tic tac boxes - shells - records shut up and kiss me ! :P or enfps say that . either way really haha http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eHnnGHgeyC0 such an amazing video . watch ! cannot stand being tickled . especially in the ribs ! my ex boyfriend tickled me so much i fell off the bed , wedged between the wall with my legs dangling in the air . damn enfp attacks haha :P could you give us the link to this thread ? :) i love intjs . one of my best friends is one . friends ( no other show makes me laugh as much as this one ) :D doctor who ( david tennant over matt smith any day ! ) misfits ( addictive beyond belief . pretty intriguing storyline too ) others as ... when i get into dark moods i usually lock myself in my room , watch something amusing like friends , talk to myself about my problems and cry it out until i'm too tired to anymore . sleeping it off ... my mum is an isfj and my dad ( haven't asked him to do the test ... ) would most likely be an ixtp you guys are the masters of hiding your true self . unlike me sometimes , my emotions just shine through haha . and yes , that coat of happiness does attract our attention like no other . though once we ... thank you for the advice . this is why i love you guys . i instantly got your punctuation joke , being that you sounded exactly like my closest friend ... who's an intj . you are so honest and skip all ... :( it's so tiring being myself . me in a nutshell : i don't try in school - grades are dismal i have no talents ( none that i've pursued ) i take things too personally i'm selfish i loath ... i can't agree with this , well , i can but i won't . yes , we do become dark sometimes , but that's just insulting us by saying those are our strengths . i'm sensitive about what my strengths are , being ... :) oh-okay ! thankyou . i love enfps . i know two , one being my brother and the other i had a serious relationship with . i can connect with them to almost every level ( when we're alone , anyway ) . they seem to have this wall ... come to australia :) haha my ex was an enfp and he broke up with me because we fought a lot and he started to not love me anymore . i took this so hard and was clingy during the break up , wanting to know how he felt all the ... that's the same with me , takings things too personally , but overall i think it's great how everyone loves different things . and when a guy admits to liking a ' girly ' or pop song , i find that brave , ... i was just wondering if it's hard for you guys to get over someone . especially if it was a serious relationship . my reason in asking this , is because i just broke up with one and am worrying that ... haha my ex who is an enfp absolutely loved taylor swift . especially that romeo and juliet one ... he even made the effort to learn it on piano :P ahh , good times . i want to be in a relationship , but mainly because i need to know i can find someone else . but i won't date for the next two years because i need to concentrate on school . i say that like it's ... when i was 14 going on 15 i was a real up myself bitch . i know this because i write in a journal and i read back on one from 2008 i cringed at almost every line . i always had a major crush on someone ... exactly the same with me . we need some magical spell to break the wall :) materialism i have done guitar since 2006 and am still incompetent due to not practising . it really makes me loath myself ... galaxy quest ... i know , it's a movie , but it sure is amazing :) i have never had a real plan until now . but recently i've begun to love the idea of becoming a music therapist . right now i'm in year 11 , lost in homework and such and can't wait to get out so i can ... you scare me . you're repelling me , why ? have i done wrong in loving you too much ? you say you hate me assuming things , so i ask instead of claiming ... do you loath me ? let me speak , adore and be ... my mum's an isfj too . i keep seeing that infps have isfj mums . have you noticed this ? haha umm , sorry to post again , but has anyone heard of the movie magic island ? it was made in 1995 and unfortunately it's not on youtube or piratebay , but it's about this boy who gets given this pirate ... you have excellent taste :) movies : flipped the butterfly effect milk music : simon & garfunkel bishop allen the doors the smiths i think i'd learn best through visual and musical . when i get a tune in my head , it's very hard to get it out . i only ever really socialise with close friends , which i don't really get too tired of unless i start feeling victimized or something ( being oversensitive and all ) . i like alone time , but i do need ... there are many different types of synesthesia , so no form is ' incorrect ' . i'm particularly interested in music and the physical touch some people feel from the music itself . and also tasting ... can't help but notice a lot of infps and infjs have this . i am exceedingly jealous . i feel like less of a person compared to people with synesthesia haha . thank you :) i was thinking about that once i'd posted it , but oh well . '