' 229610 2296 18 229602 https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=859204454113650&set=pcb.859204524113643&type=1&theater229626 d'awwhhh youre a cutie ive been eating a lot of store brand hot dogs and oodles of noodles , nothing beats it money-wise but i realize i'm loading my body with crap , lots and lots of crap . i want to loose some weight and ... the situation at hand is she has a job that she likes too much to quit but the job doesnt have enough work , i just payed for her overdrafted account , and just recently she asked for the electric ... what id give to see some boobies tonight after a long and arduous endeavor of finding a job , i found work at a place that pays 180 at the end of each week , i plan on going on tour soon , and i need a car , theres a world of opportunity ... 2136262136 3421364 2 also ... i dont wanna go to work im thinking about how awful it is that world hasnt evolved from crusading ehhh i got to work tomorrow and im still on here people underestimate all types of people all the time thats an interesting point i never considered do you think if people were less scared of rejection , or looking like a ho there would be more sex , or do you think that the lack of sex is more peoples conscious decision ? i didnt realized how much i like that song 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? ehh i ... what do you think i would be best at / for , do i look more passionate or more kinky , where would you picture it happening ? i know this is directing attention towards myself , but im too curious to not ... yes that is me . thank you . you just made my day :) ehh i dont really have anything to go on , not even a fake av picture , so maybe idk us well health care is awful compared to a lot of other places , people dont realize how good they got it in a lot of ways and complain just as much as everywhere else , its kind of turning into a ... i just want somebody to enjoy my little butt , is that too much to ask that is a bold statement but i believe you so happy i got mr.meepers , i dont know what anyone looks like which matters a bit especially for guys however i believe mr.meepers would be the most fun and adventurous out of anyone on this website ... i know none of you will believe me but often times i see the future , like when something bads about to happen i get a dreamy feeling and a vision of it happening and then i take a note of that so i ... bailey jay is a challenge for any straight man whether they admit it or not many people arent aware of how gay they are , and the majority of the world is at least a little gay jim morrison and ... christianity offends me because { no i will not capitalize it spell correct } because as a christian you honestly believe that because i do not think the same way you do , because i dont share your ... yes . i can't even tell you . its not mean just messed up and everyone on per c wouldn't talk to me . there's only one friend i trust with my dark humor and it raises his eyebrows . i'm just the weirdest ... less drug induced orgies , adult swim wouldn't have any of the weird bits in their commercials , more koalas i sometimes lie if it is amusing , but i come clean after i am convinced they believe it . there's just something i find entertaining about deceiving people . i never do it to fit in ( ive given up on ... i want to drop acid , paint myself , and have a massive drug induced colorful orgy : ninja : im going to just let this go , hope things get better for you save the world in any sense / way / form when you have the urge to go to your ex's doorstep and blow off your head in front of her so she can understand how excruciating the pain but you don't do it because your worried about how she ... i have recently been a toy and kicked to the curb , in fact i put as much effort into a relationship as i can . i always put the blame on myself and i'm easy to forgive . the only way i kick anyone to ... i normally recklessly dive into everything and i either like her and she doesn't like me or i don't like her and she likes me . when i loose someone i like i hold strong emotions forever . i always ... i'm often friendly with everyone but i really open up around artsy intellectuals and weirdos knowing that i can't go back in time and fix everything i just want to be selfish and worry about myself . i want all the people that expect me to get over it or worry about their problems to just go ... well for me i notice when i get mad i express my thoughts in a rather quirky , sarcastic way . it is only after i express my serious feelings that i find out its a stand up comedy routine . then in my ... the answer lies within yourself , nobody can begin to comprehend exactly how you feel about him and know him the way you know him . this is one of those situations in life where you need to just keep ... he could be interested and nervous around you . i remember back in my enfp high school years i would get choked up on my words around girls . i think a lot of guys get stuck in the contempt of what ... after ending the most beautiful meaningful relationships i go on a vicious cycle of looking for answers , and digging deeper past every new conclusion . somewhere along the way before i find internal ... elaborate ! the key to inner peace is fuck it i found the thread interesting , and would like to see how us enfp's differ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WHZ9jh7IhkU i feel like if i could read peoples minds a lot of people would make me cry its a tie between being super smart , or super sex appeal oh yeah i get some pretty graphic ideas sometimes but i do what i can to love forgive because those are values i hold strongly but if someone wrongs kids , old people , mentally handicapped or theres ... what separates the way nfp's and everyone else loves . do you agree ? aren't we stereotyped to be cheaters ? thats not very lovely . if you are an nfp do you feel that you love more than others or in a ... i wish my life was like forrest gump but in reality its occasionally son in law but most of the time dan in real life '