' i was in the navy for 5 years . i hated every minute of it . i'm glad i did it now . i wish i would have been smarter about it . i could be so set right now . but i am who i am because of the choices ... i don't react to it . people can think whatever they want . this is what happens when the top threads in the forum for the last month are all about feelings and relationships . it makes people insane . 1 . i am married ( second time ) , and i have 3 + 1 kids . 2 . whatever works is right . 3 . whenever it happens . 4 . single dad is tough . can be fun , but a lot of things fall by the wayside when you work ... that's a strange thing to say . i have two tattoos . i've seen my parents maybe 6 times in the last 18 years . i call on birthdays or holidays if i remember , but it's not on the top of my head to do so . same with siblings , only much less . thank you for taking the creativity test . the results show your brain dominance as being : left brain right brain 30 % 70 % you are more right-brained than left-brained . the right side of ... unless someone blindly trusts another 100 % they have trust issues ? in my experience , anyone who is incredibly defensive about trust has an issue . do you still feel the same way ? if so , my previous comment stands . i don't have any friends ... leonidas may have made his decision emotionally , but it can still be logical to hold off the enemy for a few days . sounds logical to me . do what you can with what you have . trust issues . i so hate that term . with so little to go on from your story , i'd say you should stay away from any relationship with an intelligent person until you're able to better deal with ... this is me also . very much this . this exactly . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6rlr_xXIQko i think that when i show an emotion , it's rather detached from the emotion itself . it's like i just put on a mask that i think represents the emotion , but they're not really connected . it's a ... if you think it's hard to raise an istp child , try being an istp parent in this society ! edit : even worse is being a widowed istp parent in this society ... ha . way cool ! re-read that ... that would so rock . the functions give me a headache ... i need a dumbed down version of the explanations with concrete examples . i can't type people to save my life . i either like someone or i don't , and don't really go much deeper than that . i'm almost positive though that my future wife is a xxxp with j tendencies . :) weird . why would you ask for bread after they brought it out ? girls , stop asking if you look good then ! ! ! you always do , do you want a ranking every time you ask ? do people really know what they're going to do in any given random , hypothetical situation ? animals seem to really like me . i don't mind them , unless they're overly needy . cats are awesome . i treat people differently based on whether it's a friend , a fling , or a relationship . a relationship is the only instance where i can see that when i wake up tomorrow , chances are i'll want to be ... i will be this year , but not tandem . there's a database of fatalities out there related to skydiving . doesn't appear to matter how many jumps one has , you still might die . why do you want to feel like part of a group ? why bother ? do you need so many people in your life that you have to give every questionable ( or worse ) person so many chances to change your opinion of them ? i don't really get it though . a long term relationship is a relationship that has lasted a long term ... i'm not sure what there is to like or not like about it ... what does this mean exactly ? because they do ! not really trying stuff . more related to the second , but indirectly . being concerned about what i might think about what they did about this or that , or what they are capable of in whatever area . most of this stuff i agree with . however , the relationships i've had have never started out as friendships . most likely for all the reasons that you guys keep saying that are trouble in ... ya , this one too . i think the biggest issue in my relationships is that people seem to think there's a bunch of expectations , and feel like they need to meet or exceed those expectations . i have no idea where they ... i can still be right without having to argue and whatnot . i'm fine with knowing i'm right . don't have to broadcast it , or get anyone else's approval for it . i wouldn't know . i've never been wrong ... probably . i couldn't finish reading the rest of your post with all that blathering . i have a lot of weird quirks . the one that bothers me though , is my inability to refer to people by name when talking to them . disappearing without a trace , never to be found again . i don't think i trust people at all . not in the usual sense . i guess i have more of a sliding scale of belief and acceptance . i accept that no one is truly trustworthy , but there are some people ... i absolutely abuse amazon prime . ha . i just looked at my amazon order history . 34 books this year . topics cover : body language / microexpressions , persuasion / interviewing , mindfulness , lockpicking , erasing myself , ... i do all this stuff with my kids and my soon to be wife ! ! walks , bike rides , kayaking , playing at the park , or at the beach , frisbee , tossing whatever ball around , hula hooping , as soon as i get the garage organized a bit , i'll start working out again . i went to school because i didn't know what else to do . now , if i go to school , it's because there is something specific i want to learn about . i don't worry about whether i'll learn about it ... '