' bear in mind that jungian typology was never prescriptive but descriptive in its approach - it's based on observations made by jung himself during his consultations with his patients . so , of course ... all i can say is : don't try to change , that's impossible . evolve ! above all else , take risks . judging from my own experience , a childlike mentality , as you call it , is not a given , i . e . it's not an ... hey , from just registered to banned in three posts - are you trying to set a record or something ? no , seriously : maybe you should have a look at the forum rules . and keep in mind - the mbti , ... omg , that's uncanny - same here , down to the last detail ( e . g . dislike of surrealism and dreamlike settings - i had such a hard time watching ' inception ' ! ) . thanks for putting it into words ! ... by doing away with hierarchical thinking . even though you may be mediocre , you're still one of a kind . i do . in case everything goes down the tubes and there's no more electricity . just to be on the safe side ... * swish and flick * : tongue : couldn't agree more . we're all works in progress - everything we thought , said and did yesterday is a piece of the puzzle that is us , a step on our way , maybe even a stepping stone . even if it feels ... lucky you ! happy thoughts is not something i'd immediately associate with my being an infp ( absentmindedness is , though ) ... very well put ! : happy : perhaps - and i mean this in the most positive and non-abusive of ways - you are , in fact , gay ? as far as the vagina being an opening into someone's body , so is the mouth . and it's wet and fleshy ... perhaps - and i mean this in the most positive and non-abusive of ways - you're , in fact , gay ? as far as the vagina being an opening into someone's body , so is the mouth . and it's wet and fleshy as ... hey , that is true , now that you mention it ! well , four , actually ... does that make me a loser as far as infps go ? : shocked : : tongue : are you being serious ? harsh criticism is nothing but destructive , it smothers talent and kills creative expression . it's the domain of gutless , narrow-minded non-doers and arrogant , pathologically ... as a musician who actually is in his forties ( and singing and playing and looking like he's in his late teens ... nah , not looking , alas ! ) i couldn't agree more ! if what you want out of music is fame ... i don't think reality is to blame here . what the entertainment industry is really built on is the fact that most people are too lazy and timid and looking for satisfaction in the wrong places . the ... no offense , but isn't this more of an intj thing ? sad but very true . in fact that's what used to put me off religion , and i encountered that kind of thing everywhere i looked , even with buddhists , even regarding other buddhists of different ... ... when you're satisfied with what you've written only if it's not just true and well put but if the line breaks are beautiful as well , so you adjust your choice of words accordingly even though the ... same here . a psychologist once told me this might have something to do with my day not feeling complete to me yet . but i suspect it's merely due to the fact that by then everybody else in the ... no , but you can stop trying , once and for all , and focus on who you really are . that helps . we're not broken or dysfunctional , all of us here - although comparing ourselves to the majority of society ... as i said , usually - perhaps hendrix watched a lot of tv while practicising as well ? : tongue : having said that , hendrix strikes me as a typical isfp , not an infp , at least according to thomson's ... i'm a musician myself with a degree in musicology , and yet practice always used to feel like a chore to me , until i found out that i have to do something else while practicing to simultaneously ... what you describe is actually very much in accordance with what jung himself had to say about fi-doms . apparently despite our best intentions we can tolerate the problems of others only as long as ... omg , you're 17 ? that's incredible - when i was seventeen i was about as self-aware as a tapeworm . anyway , i don't think ignorance is bliss , definitely not ! ignorance has had me groping around like a ... i know exactly what you mean . i used to be a literature major , and i'm actually rather good at critiquing and criticizing others - sometimes i feel that it brings out the best in me intellectually , ... i really hate it when people on this forum ask for advice and i take the time to answer them , sometimes at length , and i put a lot of effort into doing so , and then i get zero response from them - no ... hmm ... not sure about that . when you realize we can't stop that suffering no matter what we do or how much we're trying to hide - i think that's the actual turning point . not believing in the ultimate ... who can ? : wink : but seriously : in my experience ( and according to established infp typology ) , sticking to schedules is not exactly our strong point . as a matter of fact it can actually drain our ... hear , hear ! you're gonna make one hell of a therapist . so what ? public image is a waaay overrated concept . besides , we're infps - whining and obsessing is what we do ... : wink : respect for what ? for your adult and well-adjusted demeanor or your innate infallibility ? ah , screw this . life will teach you a lesson sooner or later , and then you won't be able to say you'd rather ... whoa , hold your horses ! as atleow correctly pointed out , a public forum is not exactly the right place if you want to be left alone . and why the condescending attitude ? oh yes , i forgot : you always ... it doesn't . it's your life , and you're entitled to your opinion , of course . but why bring it up here if you don't care to discuss it ? a pity that you erased your post . made a great deal of sense to me . do you truly believe that ? because if you do , this is exactly the kind of thing i was talking about . everyone makes mistakes , including you . if you keep insisting on what you said , you can either ... so sorry , but wouldn't that mean you'll have failed as well , in a way ? needless to say , being an infp myself , i know exactly what you're talking about , and i totally agree that we should remain true ... jaysh : sorry , couldn't reply via private message because of some technical error . anyway : i see now what you were getting at . and yeah , of course we're good . i'm beginning to suspect that my english is not good enough for this conversation ... : frustrating : the cold shower reference relates to my trying to expose myself to as many emotionally ... please don't . sorry about yet another generalisation , but afaik most infps tend to avoid controversy for obvious reasons when maybe they shouldn't . i can't say it was fun for me , but arguments such ... agreed . i just wanted to let you know that i wasn't implying your statements weren't genuine . what i meant was , i'm trying to accept that what you say ( and how you said it ) is valid and true from ... well , i admit i'm rather taken aback by the tone of your reply . first of all i never said that you or other enfps had it easy , quite the contrary . i tried to suggest very cautiously that perhaps ... you're right , of course - that's what i'm trying to do all the time . but maybe the situation is a bit different for enfps , anyway . i'm not suggesting that you all have got it easy , but perhaps ( and ... according to david keirsey , your parents are an ideal combination - same perceiving function ( s ) , everything else is complementary . do they get along well , if you don't mind my asking ? problem is , most of us are pretty much glued to the glass , aren't we ? you can't simply decide to let go . i don't know if this is a viable alternative , but a couple of weeks ago i took part in a fire ritual . went into the woods , cut down a small tree , made it into a stick and spent half the night ... i'd recommend ' fight club ' , basically . really , i'm not kidding . whatever you do , make sure it's challenging and hurts you physically , in one way or another . we're guys , after all , we're not made to ... perfect - now start afresh . and don't wait any longer . if you're utterly broken , you've got nothing to lose . accept that it's all hopeless , then do whatever the hell you like . granted , if that's what you've experienced , you had some pretty nasty things to deal with . still , i don't think that gives you the right to tell others that their life must be an easy one compared to ... amen ! ( assuming you don't mean physically attack people as well ) i think - no , actually i know - that all the typical fi-dom attempts to protect their values and their emotional well-being are ... '