' > where you sure you're intp ? i keed ! i keed ! :D i don't feel guilty for thinking objectively . people berate me for downing their ideas . it's not like i call them out and smash their lego castle ; i just prefer to introduce a different angle to ... i smoke roughly a pack of cigs every 2 days . i mainly smoke cheyennes because they're really cheap . really cheap . it's kind of an on and off thing . i'll smoke for 4 months , quit for 2 months , then ... lol , i can totally relate to this . bed then school . txt meee ! ! ! 11 ! ! eleven ! ! ! 1 ! 1 <3 edit : okay , i guess this post isn't totally non-intp . typing eleven out was pretty smartass . someone told me i look like glenn beck , today .. mmm , mary jane . you so fine ! ! ! i'm an intp . the manufacturer is geo ( earth ) . i think they were just trying to be clever . i have the weirdest boner right now . i'm talking about someone i can sit down and have a conversation about zombies or dungeons and dragons . i'm beginning to think nerdy girls don't exist . my life goal is to meet one . yep , i hear you . i haven't talked to her since then , except for the occasional thumb on a facebook status . it's been about a month . when things don't look promising , i tend to break things off ... * watching movie in the theater with a good friend . i'm absolutely in love with her . i feel like she might like me , too ( of course , i'm always second-guessing it . over analyzing suggestive ... me : intp ( derp ) little sister : esfj ( she can be fun to hang out with . she usually doesn't give me the time of day , though . ) mother : enfj ( nightmare . not because she's my mom , but the fact she's an ... i would convince him that i'm the clone , and he needs to get his ass to work . i think we could probably solve problems together and come up with ideas so much more easily after just a day of being ... i'm always visualizing something . it's why lyrical music isn't very entertaining for me . alcohol + me = entp same car , except it's tan . 1993 hyundai excel . i've never seen another car like mine . makes me feel unique in a sense . :D ... when someone changes the volume on the tv .. and it's not a prime number .. deep purple . i love purple ! fml / thread i relate to everything in red . i'm not entirely ready to call myself gifted in a general sense , but it's definitely an entertaining thought ! ps : hi again ! it's been a while :) i'm not a grammar nazi . i prefer to be called a syntax specialist . ~ trey people who speak so quietly , you can't hear them . so , you smile and nod , hoping they didn't ask you a question . loneliness .. i am definitely not immune . it's nice to be alone , but it's frustrating to feel like there's no one else out there in the real world you can relate to . my desperate desire for ... as it is ; sarcasm .. for someone who knows about programming , you're very dense . ahh , but it has been defined : the principal or dominant course , tendency , or trend : the mainstream of american culture . in regards to the hidden method , the context around it was meant to be an ... as a kid , did you not ride bikes , play hide-and-seek , have sleepovers , climb trees , or any of that stuff ? i have a feeling this thread is going to end up in spam world . head-on * apply directly to the forehead ! * it's an old commercial that was really annoying : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Is3icfcbmbs&feature=related when she says secret , she's talking ... i don't think i've ever had anyone ask me what my favorite number is before .. my conversations usually go something like this : esfj sister : so , how do you like your mcdouble ? me : it's ... actually , it looks like she tackled the matter at hand completely head-on * apply directly to the forehead ! * mbti and enneagram are not necessarily correlated . a type 8 intp is possible . oh ... you're really depressing , you know that ? i'd argue that sitting in your house doing nothing all day is a waste of time . even if you find that a social situation isn't going your way , at least you're ... http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcR9lRTk4xV2vvJIPudKlOFxG1T2C7jJzmZVp0CphIJox8ubmbqx&t=1 trypophobia - irrational fear of clusters of holes . these images give me chills down my face and ... actually , it does not .. a person with antisocial personality disorder may : be able to act witty and charming be good at flattery and manipulating other people's emotions break the law ... sorry , i wasn't trying to point the finger at you specifically . :D if i were to compare intp to any sort of mental disorder it'd be schizoid personality disorder ; not asperger syndrome . schizoid personality disorder - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia also , ... oh , the lethargy .. i'm too lazy to argue i have my ticks ( constantly wiggling toes , clenching muscles , etc ) , but a social engagement doesn't provoke them . eye contact can be excruciatingly ... i'm not even sure if you're trolling anymore . nihilism - we love to speculate about these things , but we don't typically deny them completely . melancholia - i wonder how enthusiastic and ... this is something we already endure you don't really believe that , do you ? okay , and it's up to the speaker to be mindful of his tone . it's not very realistic to act suspicious of someone because their avatar is a snazzy dresser . i want to sit on the top of a big-ass mountain and rip a milky bong load as i bask in the vastness of the horizon below . traveling's great . i love it ! ! 1 ! ! eleven ! ! 1 he's already posted another thread about how we need to keep our children intellectually pure , lol . i hear you . i try not to look at it as an exact definition of myself , but as a tool , used to help us understand ourselves and the people around us a little bit better . it's because the subtext reads pretty condescendingly ; something intps are pretty good at understanding . you're not very knowledgeable of how this personality stuff works , are you ? give him space . lots of space . one thing that always drives me away from people is when they try to shove their explanations and feelings down my throat . give him a chance to come around . we intps ... and , that's the beauty of art . everyone who goes to an art museum walks away with a different impression ; that would refer to seeing . everyone who goes to a classical concert creates a different ... culinary arts . i'm done here . i'm trypophobic , not nice ! '