i think it was isfp or istj . can't remember . i do remember i am an isfj only by a few percentage according to a number of tests . i exhibit the same behavior . i do all the things which you have mentioned your partner does . i do not know if this is directly due to the mbti type though . other factors are to be included based ... counter clock-wise . battered deep sea cod . i was not impressed . maybe i am used to it crumbed and pan fried . sultana bran in my case it has always been a feeling of , he is one of us but he is different . i never felt like i was ever on the same wave length and i knew they could sense it but at the same time in most ... eating you sound a lot like me . i can relate to a lot of you thoughts in the above post of yours . not just emotions but past experiences are similar . our fearful thoughts on friendships are similar . i ... can't remember there i read isfj being the most social introvert and would quote it if i could . i can't even remember if it was from this forum . i personally am skeptical about isfj being the ... i think it is a real battle insdie the mind of an isfj . we are considered the most social introvert . so we crave social interaction but we are also shy which stops us from making social ... in my experience , the devastation of emotional trauma gets buried over time . this by no means says you will ever feel the trauma again depending on future situations . just some painful moments in ... eating and expanding my meal list for my diet plan . i base my opinions on personal experiences . i will keep an open mind , but i will continue to look for rational explanations through out . studied music age 18 , first job as a music tutor at 19 teaching guitar , bass and theory . taught at 3 different music schools over three years . i can play guitar , bass , piano , keyboards , ... do you feel as a male it is a hard thing to find other males who can talk about emotions without awkwardness ? kind of like you know what you want to say , but you do not want to sound like a wimp ? ... i'm always hiding away in my man-cave . i do not care much for acquaintances . i don't care much for friends who i can not talk openly about deeper things . the problem is , i do need the company ... you know you are an introvert when you enjoy a big party by going to the least crowed room where no one is talking . hello and welcome . have you looked for potential outlets where you can offload ? the internet can be a great source of people either in the same situation or have been there and can empathize . ... vermont - temperamental & uninhibited while myers briggs is more factual than says astrology , i still will never associate the chances of my relationships being successful and long lasting based on them . sure maybe i will see some ... studied music . because a music tutor within my first year for another school . lasted for three years . lost interest in teaching due to parents wanting their children to play music they considered ... trying to get motivated to write another grocery list and go out to get the groceries . procrastinating badly at the moment . it depends on the people around me and the environment . sometimes i smile just because i feel in the social situation i am expected to . i tend to like sci-fi horror and comedy when it comes to fictional movies . to name a few : - resident evil series pirates of the caribbean series tucker and dale vs evil x-men series a few of ... tests keep saying either isfp or isfj . so i am going to add some input here . i need things planned out or have a definite idea on what i want before i go get something . spontaneous choices do ... i chose a few tests and looked at the percentage since i have found my results fight between two personality types . depends on your view of forgiveness . i personally find forgiveness it overrated and used without genuine sincerity to trick themselves in to thinking they now feel better since they had said it . ... every time i try to go back a page i get redirected to russian brides website appear . getting used to this forums ui if they bought for me the gift i told them to buy at the time , i would not go exchange it for something which is slightly different unless the slight difference is an important difference . say for ... i guess it depends who it is from , what it is and what it signifies . i would keep an ornament which may have been bought with thought but can exchange say an item of clothing which was ill fitting ... no because i do not know anyone close enough to be able to truly let go . being a male i am also expected to be stoical so there is even more pressure to keep whatever troubles me to myself . the ... the option for me is always there although i have my obligations to live in a township at the moment . i do miss the peace and view of grass covered hills as far as my eyes can see . i am a small ... as we get older , finding friends can be a lot harder . we have our significant other , careers and family which take priority . social activities get less time . friends going down the same track ...