' lol ! funny . your ego is hilariously huge . again , why would i bother refuting something so clear to us that is irrational ? you're the one who decided to get all huffy and puffy when i briefly ... my my . looks like i hit a nerve . why would i bother wasting my time and energy to refute something that is clear to us that you have deep-rooted issues about ? i thought entjs were all about logic , ... type : isfj bs in biology . currently going back to get my aa in physical therapy assistant . doctorate in pt was just a bit too much for me to pursue . ugh , i wished they had something like this in cantonese : exterminate : i was looking at the studies . their studies have a bit of a flaw , as they don't track the person's intake for more than a few days . it doesn't take into consideration their tolerance levels , which is ... find me a study where they tested individuals who didn't build a tolerance to coffee / caffeine . it also didn't mention too much about the dietary food intake that was consumed during this test period ... if you drink a lot of coffee , it could make you feel dizzy , as it prevents your body from uptaking water as well , which means your systems aren't going to work that well . i would recommend ... well , are you eating enough calories to begin with ? fatigue can be due to lack of a proper amount of calories . meat is hefty in calories , which may be what your body is lacking . i would avoid ... someone sounds bitter . are you talking about projection ? men with beards past 1 inch long . eww . the movie itself doesn't provide a lot of information on her past / past life ; just that she used to be a japanese military person that killed a lot of people at a certain point in time . one could ... unfortunately , karma is considered a pure form of justice . it is blind to age , gender , etc . only your actions are weighed . e . g . born poor -> past life might have been super rich from the backs ... i don't get this trend . is it popular because white people are now doing this sort of thing ? man braids have been popular for ages and is common in media before this sort of nonsense . see : aa ... it's technically a religion , based on the definition , but i see it more of a belief system . basically , it's a rulebook on how to go about life . also , why did you post a picture of the chinese ... to be human is to suffer . the karmic cycle is to hold an individual's actions accountable . one could argue that it's not fair that the person is not even aware of their previous lives to make ... my advice for you is block his number , email , whatever ways he can contact you , stop responding to strangers messaging you on social media , and just ignore , ignore , ignore . doesn't even matter what ... actually , you still haven't held yourself accountable for your actions . you continued to place him on a microscope throughout this entire time to see what his actions mean and yada yada . you were and ... that is rather true . feeler types are often guided by their emotions , but is often met with splashes of logic to their thought processes . i do think it depends on how feelers utilize this thing ... honestly , i don't think there's an age where you do feel like an adult . yes , you can become more responsible and have your life together in order to progress in the world more efficiently , but ... your past paves the way for your future actions . at the moment , your actions that you have done are similar to that of the past . which is why it is being brought up . you haven't learnt much , despite ... it does put her in a bad spot because she's a professional ... i don't buy it . you admitted to liking him in a joking context . if you actually wanted to confess , you would tell him in a more neutral setting , so he wouldn't misunderstand . however , this doesn't ... the op doing the toying . have you read how he toyed with him in the other thread ? it's pretty messed up . http://personalitycafe.com/intp-forum-thinkers/675218-intp-male-attraction-behavior.html part of being sorry is actually apologizing to the person and trying to change your behavior . based on your thread , you haven't changed at all and still continue to play childish games with ... you're not a saint : intp male - attraction and behavior drop his friendship and move on . do both of you two a favor and drop his friendship . also , i don't buy the innocent act , especially when the first few pages were about you trying to figure out if he was gay or not . don't act ... that's straight bro banter . if you don't like it , stop participating in it and take him aside and tell him to cut it out . disrespectful ? perhaps . ego boost ? doubt it . most likely , it's just his way ... i don't think you're being manipulated . rather , i think you're overanalyzing every little thing , which is probably making you project crazy and giving your friend an uncomfortable feeling . if he ... for the gym workout thing , he probably just wants to go at his pace . going to the gym is tedious enough as it is and i'm one of those people who enjoy other people's company there , but don't like ... that having an preferred emotion-based approach / solution to life doesn't mean it should be dismissed as illogical . being aware of the little things done and acknowledging / showing appreciation ... is she in a committed relationship ? what if i lose him one day -> well , you will be single what will i become -> become a single person not exactly the end of the world , as there's always other fishes in the sea . i ... maybe he is stressed with personal things going on in his life . and he realized it when he was curt to you , which is why he had the guts to act nice and friendly after to remedy the situation .  ... to have healthy friendships is to often set certain boundaries with other people in order to show love and respect to yourself . my roommate is currently in the middle of a very similar situation ... 9 3/4 it depends on the isfj . a good way is to figure out what they like and go from there . it's not often the isfj gets attention during conversations , so directing it about them makes them more likely to ... to add onto stelliferous's post , in normal environments , inferior ne would have little patience or automatically dismiss what-ifs possibilities , as bolded by you . inferior ne is tapped into when ... all i got from this thread is that esfj steals from isfj who steals from infj . so who steals from esfj and who did infj steal from ? find any cup in your near vicinity and describe it to us . whatever comes to mind :D when your boo buys you an xl pizza with quadruple cheese , a ton of meat stuff , and doesn't expect you to share . true love is the tangible feeling towards another after the happy hormones are ... it's understandable because our dom function is si , so it's rather difficult to reverse past memories that was engrained into us for many years . i remember wishing that my parents divorced and i told ... pretty much this . june 2015 was when the us government officially recognized same-sex marriage in all states , shutting down any religious reasoning ( plus within this period of time , religious ... your dad sounds just like my own intj dad . he never did took responsibilities for his own personal faults , even when it was pointed out to him , but loved to point the finger at someone else , ... excellent advice for entjs . they have a tendency to not take care of their personal well-being . retaining large quantities of urine over an extended period of time is pretty harmful to the body . this video was super adorable ! : 10 your husband makes hilarious faces : 40 your children were all up in his space yasss for league of legends . #teamorianna maybe his n / t isn't that strong as you mentioned , which is why you don't have much trouble with him . depending on his age and / or experiences , it's possible that his fe was built upon , which ... hmmm , based on this interaction , i don't think he's homophobic , as homophobic people usually have a distinct way to show their distaste for that lifestyle . i believe that he would be okay if you ... have you seek health professionals to help with you the disorder ? i would highly recommend it , as cognitive behavioral therapy ( cbt ) is extremely helpful . awareness is the first step to healing ... '