' i am dating an isfj , probably the first s ever . he doesn't care much for the internet . like your girlfriend , he is not stoked when i'm at his house browsing on my phone or ... infp mom , isfp dad ( probably an esfj when he was raising me ) i smile a lot ! that is absolutely all . i become no more revealing . i've been dating another intj for about a month . we're both photographers , heavily into music and exploring the natural environment . we met online , he contacted me first . we realized we had a couple ... this is massively interesting . never thought about it this way but it makes complete sense on all fronts personally . i have no doubt i'm a visual / global thinker ; i'm a photographer and designer first ... part of the problem i suspect is my brain is operating on a certain plane that's diametrically opposite to what everyone wants to talk about . i lack practice in dumbing myself down / being pleasant at ... unfortunately yes , i have had a stalker , and am still dealing with it . i could try to rationalize this crazy dude's behaviour but it's not worth it . i'm open-ended and open-minded enough to draw the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6lwl1wQDWBI this . you are officially my hero . - ine . i enjoy well-made things when i can afford them , like a well-made bag or pair of shoes . i'd rather buy that one thing that's been made with old world craftsmanship and have it last for many years ... any time anyone asks me what i want for my bday / xmas i always respond , ' a cashmere bodysuit . ' no one takes me seriously . i'm talking something akin to the snuggie ( tm ) , very cocoon-like , into which i ... i work with a bunch of sensors . my office has a resident dummy and wannabe ventriloquist . guys . i can only wear this shit-eating ' yeah , that's great ! ' look for so long . 81007 this is what a hangout sesh with an intj looks like . the first few months of dating an infj it was completely like this , and i first uncovered the truth that i am a socially anxious person . social demands stress me out , have me wanting quite ... you sure you're intj ? you're going to have to learn to take risks to get what you want your life lessons don't apply to me you think you're so rational but you're as emotional as the next person you live in a ... i picked passion . but i meant autonomy . :D 7 expressing regret 4 accept responsibility 5 make restitution 4 genuinely repent 0 request forgiveness everyone fucks up . just know how that feels for another person , and express it without ... agreed . i've been told the same a lot . but someone put it differently - ' you don't seem to need anything or anyone . ' which is actually completely false , but yes , something i'd like to believe , to ... you have a point , but you could do with a little bit of growing up . aside , who decides who's mentally healthy ? i'd like to hear some talk about this - are any female intjs alpha when it comes to men they're interested in ? how do you go about ' putting yourself out there ' , if at all ? or do you sit back and sort ... francesca woodman was quite fascinating and iconic to me . guessing she was probably an intp . she did top herself , after all ... 80111 i feel your pain . interestingly , the one solid isfj friend i've had started testing as an infj recently ( after years ) , and only now do i feel like we have the kind of friendship that i can deal with ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk_pbFal9hQ cant - the edge https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9STd-67_Ft8 deerhunter - spring hall convert ' everything has a blighted , faded quality about it now . still , if you look at it for a long time , the old charm reemerges . and that is why i can see that i will lose absolutely nothing by staying ... a confident and measured voice , perspective , mind can stand in for the bleakest of appearances . but yes , physical appearance matters to a degree . i require some element of cuteness , but a ... i can rarely get a break from how serious i take life , try as i might . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wEXdNZjkE_s&list=FL7G0eXjB-pS-xpCOVminE3w&index=14 grant green - we've only just begun ... i can be extremely pleasant and charming , though i'm always on the more reserved side . but i have to be in the mood . i can be pleasant while not in the mood and when that happens ( often at work ) , ... money is a means to enjoying life in the present moment , and planning for the near future . the far future is too abstract a concept . i'll certainly be fucked when old age comes around . my impressions : great people on the whole , very giving , imaginative , community builders , up their own asses , accepting of my bullshit , less accepting of abstraction , anxious , uncertain , wanting , ... i'm extremely feminine in how i present myself , but feel quite male at the core . i've never encountered other women that process the world in the way that i aspire to . i sometimes feel like a gay ... age : 33 location : usa job : graphic designer / photographer relationship status : in a relationship with an infj meandering career : … ? hobbies : playing piano , electronic music , walking around ... upstream color following primer the game http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N5Eu3GZQsyE&list=FL7G0eXjB-pS-xpCOVminE3w&index=6 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TFqQcysxU9k you're the most amazing woman i know . not to be unsympathetic , but it's highly feasible that he's found someone else to pursue in his new country , or is just over the uncertainty between you guys , or both . the rational decision would be ... carl sagan , czeslaw milosz ( poet laureate ) , dieter rams how is this a joke ? :) when we started out , ours was an epistolary courtship . he wrote me poems . i felt compelled to write them too . we're both somewhat literary so it wasn't a stretch . when he ... i remember really identifying with one of the classic intj profiles that mentioned ' intjs want reasonability and directness . ' i too , after a period of time , after everything's no longer rainbows and ... i've tested as an intj for most of my life but in recent years i realize a lot of the traits that make me intj over intp or infj are defense mechanisms , and perhaps as a response to depression and ... pain and hardship often teach us a lot about ourselves and the world . i can't say happiness ever really has , personally . that's not to say i don't appreciate happiness . it's what i strive for in my ... not inferior , but misunderstood and on a wavelength most people can't be bothered with . i'm a fan of watery , sort of freeform romantic classical music . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bTYUyDjVCRU ravel and debussy are the shit . shostakovich and philip glass are great too . you know this how ? all this said , i wonder how resilient other intjs are when it comes to rough patches in relationships . as a younger intj ( first tested as one in 1999 ) , the moment a relationship showed signs of going ... the architects , more like hahahaha . sorry , good enfp . it's just me being my usual asshole intj self . hereby thanking thee . wow , i haven't really been too active on this board , but i really appreciate all the replies ( esp . delilah , bethdeth , g__w ) to a relative newb like myself . you guys are a fountain of knowledge and ... '