' it's okay . i understand :) try getting it and seeing for yourself how you like it . ultimately , you'll decide for yourself how you feel about it . none of your local bookstores have it for rent ? i have it . there's really nothing much it can tell you if you've researched a lot about mbti , but i use it for quick reference if i'm trying to teach someone else about it . to be honest though , i've ... anyone else find it hard to motivate yourself to do anything physically ? i find i can sit and dream and imagine myself doing the thing that needs to be done ... but will never actually come around to ... : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : best summery of a relationship ever . on the question of the definition of depth , i don't really have an answer to that myself since i can't really explain it in non-metaphorical terms . i kind of think that since there really is no ... like i said before , i'm terribly sorry if my questions seemed to come off that way , it was not my intention to make things as in a i'm better than you because i have this type of thing . i was ... hmm ... i think i would have to respectfully disagree that it's like iq . like i said before , iq to me just feels like how concise you can be with concepts . not necessarily that you think in depth . a ... very interesting viewpoint :) something similar to wavelength frequencies that we are able to pick up ? do you think it would take a more emotionally intense person to pick up these frequencies , or ... sciencealert here's the link to the article . the journal is linked through there . that's fair to say . but is there a direct correlation between emotional complexity and emotional intensity ? since you're relating it to iq , i'll go ahead and say that even though one's iq could be ... not meant to be offensive in any way , just an inquiry . have you guys ever felt that the reason no one could understand you was because they simply did not have the capacity to go deep into their ... this gets a lot of bad rap but tumblr is for me . that being said , i'm mostly a lurker in social network sites . it takes me quite a while to even consider making an account . haha that's pretty cool : laughing : looks like your confident , mastermind , i posses no emotions appearance has finally slipped away and revealed the true you intjs : tongue : joking aside , more proof ... it could also be the type of people you hang out with . i tend to be drawn to people with ti ( nts in general ) so i try to mimic their thought process to see things the way they do from a young age . dad : istp 9w8 mom : infj 9w1 it works very well between them since they balance out each other . some conflicts but nothing really too big that they couldn't fix . i think enneagram has something to ... i don't really understand what's the poll is asking : unsure : do you mean what kind of traits we posses that makes us feminine or masculine ? you will never become one with the force , entp . o'leary : estp or entp robert : ni-dom or auxiliary . i don't really know much more about him to predict his type barbra : have no idea cuban : enfj laurie : xsfj daemon : have no idea openness to experience / intellect high scorers tend to be original , creative , curious , complex ; low scorers tend to be conventional , down to earth , narrow interests , uncreative . ( your ... i just heard about this . i can't fathom the so called logic for this , it makes my head boil just hearing it . i suppose animals or pets now should be banned from houses since they're walking around ... when i was a little girl numbers were princesses and princes i loved my friends throughout my grade school years . then came an evil demon named college college forced me in its dungen of gloom ... ... pwease ( ◞ ´ • ௰ • ` ) ◞ there aren't very many of them and it gets kinda boring reusing the ones that are there over and over . i need one for this face especially . - - - 》 >:D you might wanna ask this question in guess the type subsection . but i do agree with your analysis though : happy : i played dota 2 first and got hooked . tried lol after that for a couple of games but it wasn't the same . i absolutely love the short cgi movie clips that hang around youtube though . they're ... 3 of my male cousins are infps , but i really dont know them that well . have never had a conversation with them directly . my theater and philosophy professors last semester were infps but i dont even ... infp really love abstract art . my imagination tends to go wild when i'm trying to figure out what caused the painter to flick his brush in a certain way to create that arc . were they angry ? hurt ? ... blue skies blue oceans blue flamingos : kitteh : yes , but i don't think it pertains to infps only since my enfj brother and infj mother say it happens a lot to them . the situations were kinda funny when i look back on them a few years later but ... does your mom watch it ? uncle ? relatives ? friends ? do any of these people come over to your house and know watch it as much as he does ? start up a conversation with them as ask them about it in a ... best thing i do in this situation is to literally just ignore the remarks and continue playing or finding reasons that you know would please him if you continued to play video games . for example : ... snaps if the cognitive functions are not indicating the type you may be , then try looking out for similar behaviors and mannerisms that infjs exhibit and see if you relate to them . for example , the infjs i ... you seem like an infp . it doesn't seem like you have dom-ni nor dom-si so i don't know where others are getting isfj and infj . hmmm ... i would say you come close to an enxp type . not really sure where enfps and entps differ in terms of values so i can't really help there . have you looked into these two types ? te * ( 60 % ) * your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti * ( 60 % ) * your valuation of / adherence to your own internally devised logic / rational ne * ( 90 % ) * ... to be honest , i've never found the functions to really be in the fixed proposed order that they're supposed to be . i feel like the system is trying hard to be a little ' too clean ' . do we really have ... other infps ! ! ! you all are amazing human beings , so glad to have e-met you all ^ _ ^ straw giraffes : kitteh : i went to the zoo yesterday and had one of them stare at me as if i was the intresting animal that everyone was supposed to gawk at . i think we developed a special bond through ... i feel like her trying to be more assertive and having the mental breakdowns result of trying to use shadow functions , namely se . also , i never got the idea of her doing anything for her friends ... can you give specific examples of where you see the se in her ? fluttershy is an infp , not an isfp . she comes off as the dreamer of the group who's never really all there , a big nf trait that paints them as the idealists . also , in a manner of speaking from ... to be honest , you sound like an intj with developed fi . have you considered looking at other types and seeing if there's something more suitable ? the tests can be very inaccurate in telling you what ... rapunzel : enfp ( her facial expressions usually consist of the wide , curious , childlike eyes that are associated with enfps , she's always ready for an adventure and is very optimistic a lot of the ... belle : infp ( conflict relation with estp ) beast : intj ( type 4 like snape or heathcliff ) gaston : estp ( a bunch of se and fe ) cinderella : infj ( total nf dreamer , facial expressions suggests ... i think it depends on what kind of aspect you're looking for . for example , i tend to fall for the side of infps easily because i'm looking for someone to understand me and respect me for who i am . i ... i kinda had the idea that gerard way from my chemical romance was an infp , but that could be just me being biased because i love his music . his lyrics for the album three cheers for sweet revenge ... i absolutely adore intjs ! : kitteh : they're amazing and predictively unpredictable . for some reason , the type that i'm surrounded by all the time is their type . i've had intj teachers , lab partners , ... introversion ideal : | 40 % real : 80 % extroversion ideal : 76 % real : | 16 % intuitive ideal : | |8 3 % by order of law , i hereby sentence ne to the realm of all things useless . * sj hat * : kitteh : '