' when you need to own and hug all the cats in the world . :) but you know that cats own people and they don't all share well so this is never going to happen . :( when you're feeling cuddly and just want to snuggle up but people get totally the wrong impression and then are confused when the next time they see you you're feeling anti-social . :P i don't believe this is necessarily true , i do have a soft spot for enfjs though . as to the whole soul mates thing i don't believe in it in the there's only one person in the world for you and if ... my dyspraxia completely messes up the order of my functions . it messes them up so much that according to function i don't have a personality . : tongue : so there can be extenuating circumstances . i ... ... they have no idea i could kill them with my little finger . : exterminate : if they did they wouldn't find me so cute . : tongue : in all seriousness though the people who hate me are the ones ... i'm a 514 infp . is that weird ? :P i think the sps would have the best chance of surviving until the zombies were either cured or completely annihilated . sps are crazy brave and adventurous and i think they'd love the freedom from all ... i'm an infp and yes my mate would have to share my moral values . that is non-negotiable . apart from that although it would be wonderful to marry an enfj i would be more interested in finding out if ... i love enfjs . enfjs are awesome and i want to marry one . :D enfps are great too . one of my best friends is an enfp . i only flirt if i think there's a serious possibility of a relationship to test the waters and see if he's interested . and it doesn't really matter what the topic of conversation is about . for me ... didn't find that all that accurate . zodiac is irrelevant . writing wasn't on the career list . ideal date is dinner and dancing . :D i am unmarried and won't take anyone to bed until i am and ... infp , hufflepuff and proud . :) there is a 0 % chance . i'm not going to pick my future spouse based on their mbti type as any two types can learn to get along with one another . far more important to me than type is whether we ... this is completely off topic but it's really annoying me that everyone keeps referring to what he wrote as his manifesto . i read it and it's his autobiography . it would be a manifesto if the whole ... handsomeness without beauty is fool's gold . lord elrond lives in my ideal house . :D i really would love to live in imladris with all my loved ones . :) i can't seem to get it to put a picture in . grr . just google rivendell in images . or ... 1 ) slam the door in his face . 2 ) wake up . :P i'm mean when i'm angry . i do the most damage though when it's someone i care about who's been hurt . that's when i take people apart heartstring by heartstring . i wish most of mine strolled up fully formed . i have to wrestle the details from my subconscious piece by piece . it's not very cooperative . occasionally though one will pop up fully formed and ... siouxsie and the banshees , bauhaus ( although i don't really like bauhaus . * embarrassed grin * ) , joy division , the sisters of mercy , the cure and the creatures . i'm never sure about bands and ... my sister is an intj . we get on fine most of the time but we have had some explosive arguments . she also doesn't always get the feelings of others and has unintentionally trodden on others feelings ... i got neutral good . closely seconded by chaotic good . not quite sure how that works but oh well . :D i have done this accidentally to someone . i didn't meet them because i was ill then they were away and i didn't know to explain it . then it got too late to say anything and so i sort of forgot about ... if i like the person then it's fine if they get close to me or touch me . there are some people though who get way too close when they're talking to me . i like to have at least four feet between me ... i'm a goth . i tend to go for things which are victorian or medieval looking . i don't have any photos of me though . i'm extremely camera shy . when i'm forced to wear so called normal clothes , for ... warning : goes oncoming storm when sufficiently angered . i did this a few years ago . the guy was an ex-boyfriend and i thought maybe he'd be different and we could be friends . i realised though that he was still a manipulative ego maniac and compulsive ... no . i most certainly could not . i think an infp would die if they didn't daydream . daydreaming is as essential to us as oxygen and food and water . to be the power behind the throne ! mwhahaha ! no seriously i think we're here to heal people , whether physically or emotionally / mentally , kick butt when there's bad stuff going on until it stops ... people always think i'm sweet and innocent . until they make me angry . at which point i become the scariest thing they've ever seen . you almost had it right . i'm a lion cub . much cuddlier and ten times scarier when angry . i wouldn't say it's a fetish but i do love long hair . on anyone if it suits them . male or female . if it doesn't though i feel sorry for them . it's just beautiful whether it's straight or mad curly ... yeah it's crap when you have to kill someone off . i had to do that a week or so ago myself . i cried so much when writing it . * sending hugs and chocolate . * i have never had a lucid dream . :( they sound awesome though . however i have had unusually vivid dreams that have seemed totally real for about a minute on waking . i had one as a kid where i got ... i am a total nerd.so not liking nerds would rather problematic . :) i think most people would be divergent actually . people who were not would be the minority because people are more complex than that . this is probably way way over thinking it but : having said ... i wouldn't really know as where i live now doesn't feel like home and nowhere ever has except once when i went somewhere on holiday . i don't really tend to notice mess unless it's so messy i can't ... age : 23 gender : female sexual orientation : straight . age when you lost your virginity : n / a number of partners : 0 any thoughts , feelings or stories on the subject : i'm waiting for the man ... i've never had sex and i've always made it clear to any guy i'm interested in that i'm waiting for marriage because i want to be my husband's and his alone . i always mean chase in a romantic way ... i have to 100 % agree with this bit . i don't agree with this . for me no is always no . i've always made that completely clear but i've had trouble with jerks who wouldn't take no for an ... i'm in a catch - 22 housing situation . i don't have enough money to pay rent elsewhere . so i live with my parents and pay them a rockbottom rate . this means however that the housing benefit people ... i don't know why people always assume goths are teenagers . ;P i'm 23 . it's still tough . she has serious control issues and finds it very difficult to see and treat me as an adult . maybe that'll ... try being an infp goth with an esfj mother . * headwall * no she went ballistic . she said that i must have done it on purpose just to upset her and ruin her day . it was an accident . i wouldn't ruin her top on purpose and i explained this but she wouldn't ... like the title says . my mum is an esfj but she's very dysfunctional due to a very difficult childhood . i want to be able to have a better relationship with her but interacting with her is like ... you find yourself wondering if trees and plants are sentient , but just can't communicate with humans , and if they are sentient , what they think about . i was sitting in the park the other day and ... crap . i do this ! i thought i was fairly alone . i have no idea why it happens . i just started happening a few years during a prayer meeting and doesn't switch off . most of the time i can block it ... faramir ( lotr ) he's an awesome , brave honourable guy . loki ( thor & avengers assemble . ) he just needs a girl who gets him and loves him . plus he cracks me up with those fantastic one liners . :D ... i suspect my youngest sister is this type . she's always hyperactive , loves to be the centre of attention , makes silly vapid jokes a lot of the time and can't bear to be alone . ( she can be deep and ... i'm sure i can't be the only dragon caver here . i had a scroll ages ago and forgot all about it . :( i have a new one now and would like to know some other dragon cavers . :) so show off your ... '