18 ? can i change my name back to lovelydragons please ? yeah , i wish i could concentrate and follow through on an idea too .. ah okay , that's cool ! ! i hope the painting goes well if you try it ! i haven't ever seriously painted anything . i used to ... masts i used to watch the walking dead , but it gave me awful nightmares . i would always skip / hide from all the gross scenes though . even though that's 99 % of the show haha i would definitely join a group ... hm ... okay . i'm not really sure honestly . from the functions test results you could be an intj or infj , i'm not very good at interpreting those though . ah , i do the same with my writing . i can't keep a story going , i get new ideas that i want to pursue . that's cool that you draw faces , i'm not very good at them , but i draw them on occasion . do you ... saged i think my guess would be intp , but what you said about not being naturally logical makes me question that . do you have any examples of you using logic and what your though process was ? how in touch ... hii welcome ! ! i hope you enjoy it here :D whatevs hello ! welcome ! what type of cookies ? :D you write and draw ? :D oh , it can be cool when guys dance though ! there are some in my dance group . ( not saying i think you should or anything , just that i don't think it's weird ! :D ) i do modern ... maybe fjs are drawn to having children ? or maybe infps with fj parents often feel misunderstood by their parents , causing them to seek understanding and eventually resulting in them joining this ... i love how you typed your pets ! xd i think my dog can be related most to the intp type , which is strange for a dog haha . she is odd . and wonderful . i'm really sorry for your loss . * hugs * schmetterling hi ! welcome ! that's so awesome that mbti helped give you insight into yourself like that :D i'm glad you found it . i'm always pretty bad at introductions but i'll attempt one xd ... sated can i change my name to spookydragons for halloween please ? cores rouse tours stare milomoon no problem ! ah okay , i hope you get help in the thread ! and i hope you're able to figure out your other functions ! charr clash pleas peels dally pride pared smear milomoon you seem to be able to feel people's emotions very well , which could mean infj . but it's hard to tell ... because this questionnaire doesn't have any scenarios that target sensing and ... eased spear years personal ~ * name - on this site , for now , just my username . - any nicknames ? * male / female / trans ? ~ female location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? any ... tread dread tails i'd choose a dragon too ! i guess my username makes that obvious xd they're just so .. lovely (: p haha ) heaps hello ! welcome :D you have a nice day too ! shelf sheep yes ? or maybe estp ? stunnedfox your perspective is very interesting what is your opinion on the myers-briggs types ? saffronsummer no problem xd good luck ! =) saffronsummer hello ! registering for this type of thing is new for me too ! welcome :D aaadd that makes sense ! it's interesting that you relate to nfs more than nps . i feel i relate to nps more , though occasionally i find the thinking nps a little scary . xd i get along much better ... stunnedfox if cognitive functions were not ordered in that way , would it not create a very unbalanced person ? ( i don't ask this to attack your opinion , i'm sincerely curious )