here is an alternate perspective for you . how much do you actually know ( the data you describe ) versus what is left to know ? we know that incomplete data in an equation would yield a ... i like how people dismiss an idea without actually any effort of investigating . there are already a lot of research done on this and the like for example through people who have near death ... my mom is probably istj . sfj will have the same functions as ntp but in reverse order . theoretically that's supposed to be a good relationship , more so if you're in the same generation . if not , ... i made friends easiest by asking people to play lan games with me . it's super effective . might as well accidentally build a shelf http://img404.imageshack.us/img404/5258/qmiv.jpg teni vs nite doesn't actually make much sense until you count in se and fi . which means anything requiring understanding of physical strategy will put entjs at an advantage . intjs can win though if ... to win against intj , use your ne . it is easy to attack them in areas which they have not really thought about yet . for example , offer multiple alternate perspectives on the topic , as they will ... one is like an emo nerd and one is like a child . lol . having entjs work for you is generally a good thing well , people are lazy to find their facts themselves , regardless of their position on this matter . the greatest inspiration is the deadline ask them if they're entp shadow functions exist if you simply accept that you don't have to use them for them to be there . otherwise , any entp-infj relationship or anything else with other functions would have seriously ... well the pattern seems to be in favor of the j's . one thing is that they usually more consistent . p's in general might find motivation in certain areas to be hard . i know some really lazy entps as ... how about some other force that is not particularly attached to any religion , but not entirely scientific ? or should i say , not scientific to today's science . anyway , these theories are still in ... it was just the harlem shake try narrowing it down by enneagram . entp will usually be 7/3 / 9/8 and intp will usually be 5/4 / 1 . i've learned to not underestimate people's intelligence . sometimes people do really smart things once in a while . i agree with taodao , people can be indirect with what they say and sound illogical , ... define developing world first because that can be pretty vague . lol , unless that didn't anything near meaning not rich yet , i stand by my point because some islamic countries are pretty rich . as ... not unless you think there is no gender injustice in muslim countries and that there is absolutely nothing to improve the lives of women there . btw i live in an asian country with a muslim ... this and islamic countries . yes . i actually don't care for beebe theory but it's the one of the only things mbti users know shadow functions because socionics is usually too alien for them . lol . i think it's one of the things ... http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/24735-understanding-archetypes-involving-eight-functions-type-beebe-model.html http://www.wikisocion.org/en/index.php?title=ILE sorry guys , people ... it's really just more of a communication issue i'm trying to point out . i would say that if most of te-ti barriers can be addressed , people can be better persons in general . :) pretty much . people pick what they want to hear . lol . but there can be cases where there's really not much choice but to learn how to deal with them less passively such as in a work environment or ... lol . whenever you go to the internet or pretty much anywhere ( more annoying on the internet cause they can be more cocky standing behind a computer ) , there will always be that person who , after ... yeah . pretty much why one should be in the right career in the first place , so that work is play and most play helps work . i find that most tips for becoming more organized hardly work . they take so much energy to incorporate in our lives and they don't last because one day we go back to our old ways . entp thrive in ... you're probably intj or infj . they are quite masochistic . real intp are like kids . the presence of ti-ne means we like people who can accept that we can be child-like geniuses forever . focus on our strengths : ti problem solving - all the highly technical things people find complicated are easy for us to break down ne creativity - we're good at finding the possibilities and ... actually you're supposed to get along well with esfp , in theory . lol . apparently it works for you . they seek your nite and you seek fise . see how that works ? and enfp is okay but it's only halfway ... just pick one before entp's / estp's take them away . the diagrams are simplified and i'd think it can be way more complicated than those . yes i believe both can be developed and broken . though i think more of ego as the one which needs more outside ... double post . fixed http://personalitycafe.com/attachments/intp-forum-thinkers/66513d1364704852-self-esteem-pride-self-confidence-ego-esteem.jpg not directly answering your question but this is what i've learned along ... marriage works beautifully when it does . that cannot be denied . although the opposite can happen , it is pretty ridiculous to anticipate it to go that way it in the first place . being against ... okay so what determines how much vacation / partying / sports one can do ? there are a lot of professions and activities not directly related to resources . and some things are more preferable for some ... how does it govern tourism , cultural activities , luxuries , other amenities , like going to concerts etc ? contrary to what some people may think , wants become needs when people get higher on the ... curiosity is the best teacher . ;) to me at least . i learn best by spending my free time looking for answers to random questions that pop out of my head . this is active learning in contrast to ... nf's are generally religious / faithful but i find that it is hit or miss on which type is the most religious of them all . as for least faithful , i would say xntj , xstp and istj can have issues with ... i find that a lot of the mistypes are caused by the p / j dichotomy . :) developed intp's will feel like they have more j and some intj's will think they are p ( because too much ni can make someone ... ^ i'd like to add this one :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pMiP9ABA4dI intp are not very emotional . but when you talk to one , they will usually have a big smile on . we're generally happy folk by default . there is probably a misconception that they are robots , probably ... 64523 this . the wacky look is a must . a well developed intp will have the ne strong in them which will be obvious when it is there . it is the source of genius that will save mankind and ti will ... people said i was an annoying kid and i still am up to now :P i think it's a field best left to istjs . also this . i forgot to mention my dad is an istp who taught me how to think mechanically , that maths was basically just like a mechanical process . that was only one night of tutoring and changed my ... i have a hard time learning sports and dancing . agnostic theist because we don't know everything yet and there is obviously a possibility that god exists . also , there is a possibility that god exists but is very subtle . one can only deny that ... either : 1 . boring because everyone is too awesome or 2 . awesome because everyone is awesome ( repeat number 1 )