' ^ oh my you are right . who really talks like that ? it does sound pretty stupid . we've been together on and off for four years . we are long distance . he's always been wonderful to me . very caring . but he's seeing another person . this is the second time this has happened with us . well that's what it feels like to hear those words ouch . well yes . he is exploring other options . i am yesterday's news . please tell me your thoughts when a romantic partner says dont despair . i have loved and always will love you , but this love must be fluid ? entp / infj interaction . it's so surreal to come back to this forum and read this thread . it's been over a year now , maybe getting close to two years . to anyone who reads this and is going through a similar situation my ... infj's do you find yourself in the middle of conflict between two other people very often ? i find this happening to me all the time and i get accused of not being loyal because of it . i find it so ... sing in front of an audience . loudly and reach deep into their souls . :) when i am in love with someone , i could cuddle and bond non sexually for the entire day . good lord i was too late in this post . oh well . never contact her again . do not send the 25 page email . the only thing you can do is work on yourself and become complete and whole . one year is clearly not enough time to get your life back together after threatening ... still thinking about trust . funny , the folks i trust completed are those who not lived perfect lives if you know what i mean . they have made major mistakes along the way . maybe it's their humility ... to get myself through a painful divorce ( currently going through ) and the financial ruin the divorce has cost us . to climb back out of the depths of all of this and become independant and to be happy ... over the years , trust has become a very interesting thing for me . i generally only know a small handful of people i trust completely ( sorry i know that is sad ) but that doesn't mean i don't enjoy the ... sabrina ( audrey hepburn ) iris ( the holiday ) francis ( under the tuscan sun ) seeing a pattern here as i write this . poor saps . that is me . you're totally right - we do do that . i am going back to the infj forum with the other crazies where i feel at home :) an earlier post made me wonder about this ... have you ever been able to be friends with a former lover ? tell my why i would want you to want to date me ? x95 * ´ ¨ ` * x95 . ¸ ¸ . x95 i'm a little quirky , but nice for sure . how long this difficult search for someone deemed worthy of the nt's attention and energy ? are you searching out others simultaneously ? tell me more about this figuring someone out thing . im just curious . i'm not a young girl , but i do like someone very much , who is an entp . around everyone else he is very talkative , but around me , he is very quiet . hangs around me a lot , but doesn't ... hello entp's : i am curious . do you ever find yourself real quiet around someone you like ? oh my god , we are like that . except for the manipulated part . auburn hair i am so sorry you are going through this . i am just coming out of what you are describing . it has been about four months and i am now getting back into the world . it's been hard for me to put into ... i have a fear of traveling across bridges ( like frog above ) . but i have forced myself to work through it . i breathe slowly and talk myself gently across them each time . i suggest you listen to mogwok . he gives good advice . i posted a similar thread about two months ago ( infj entp ) and took his advice ( and others ) . i moved on and it feels good . granted it was a very ... hmmm . the hardest part of school was recess . my stomach would be in knots not knowing if anyone would talk to or play with me . i would wait and wait for the bell to ring so i could go inside and ... i enjoyed being single for a large portion of my life , because i loved to flirt and think about the possibilities of being with someone very special . over time i realized my ideals were a little too ... i am fascinated by you entp's . tell me ... which is greater ... love or respect ? ... and do tell why . thank you everyone . yes , mogwok he came back . i'm glad i have stayed reserved , yet friendly ( as that is the kind of person i am . ) i won't give in ( hard to do , but i will stay true to myself ) . he is ... dear male entp's ( or females too i guess ): i just spent two horrible months getting over a wonderful year long relationshp i thought was over with a male entp . i am an infj . he literally ... i like being around other people , but don't necessarily want to interract wth them . for example , i love being alone in a crowd - at a street fair , going to the movies alone , going shopping . i smile ... hello infj's : i have been reading and posting things in this forum for a few weeks now . i have been going through some very very hard life challenges these last two years ( leaving a spouse who ... rouge : this sooo often happens to me too . in the beginning i was accepting their requests , and then one day i noticed there were way too many people who i had as friends on fb . i went in and ... does anyone ever get a feeling that someone is evil when everyone else thinks they are great ? don't know why i feel that way about some folks , but i do . i'm very new to this personality type research and find it fascinating . does anyone have recommendations for further study ? but here's the real question - how does everyone seem to know what ... it was after the divorce , but not long after - maybe a few months . the marriage was over tho long before the divorce , meaning i was pretty grounded . why do you ask ? those are horrible . well written , but simply horrible . i get what you are asking about people hating infj's . i think about that often and wonder why , because i honestly make my way through life ... it is late night and it is again very quiet here . here is something interesting that i would like to share about how we reconnected after all the years . i was doing very well as a single mother , ... and i am a terrible typist smiling ( thank you ) i believe in time what he has done and what he has lost will haunt him far longer than physical pain . ps i am still working on this quote thing so if it doesn't show up ... i haven't completely trusted my gut instinct over the years . sometimes i don't know if it is a gut instinct or something i've wanted so badly that it feels like a gut instinct . i agree with ... are you seriously asking me if someone from our type is good at sex ? we invented sex when the other cavemen were still rubbing themselves against trees . you know an entp figured that whole thing out ... very funny . yes there is much in my life that is great . i have a beautiful beautiful 9 year old son who is very involved in sports . and i do have wonderful friends during the day . the hard time comes ... hello everyone : thank you for your wonderful advice and thoughts . i am doing a little better . at least not having to wear sunglasses to sheild the red eyes at work so that's a good thing . i ... for me , i get very creative . i make jewelry and some of my most beautiful pieces are the result of a sad , sleepless night . another thing i do is visualize myself as the heroine of a book and write my ... actually , i am quite good at lying , but the guilt of lying keeps me from ever doing it . wow and wow . i am getting some amazing insight to this situation . i am proud of how i have handled it so far . i have not given him much to dangle with . as soon as he told me about her ( which by the ... but torturing myself is what i do best . you are right though . and i will after i crawl out of this well . l '