' :) thank you for the suggestion ! oh and , that story was mostly right except for the lizard guards . we actually have otter guards . just letting you know that i'm still on it , i've just been so busy . soon wow , that's a lot ! alright i'll sift through them after classes later , but before i do , i just have to ask ... are these english songs ? :P that was the only thing about some of your contributions ... done ! your enthusiasm makes me glow with joy . :) also , if anyone has any song or category ideas , please share ! ^ that paragraph was a train wreck . the majority of what's on the list were contributions in that other thread . i categorized all of those into everywhere but melancholy , which only had two or three . so , my contributions are mainly in ... i'm sure you like the bowie song , it was you who added it to the theme song thread ! :) and sure thing , you want those as two new categories ? i spent way too much time on this to not bump . bummmppp hello friends ! :) so i took the liberty of making a list and categorizing many of the songs posted in the enfp theme song thread . i figured since we compiled it as a group , the likelihood of enfps ... everything is essential , but nothing is really important . what i mean is , life is the most complex thing . as humans , we perceive life as humans do . those who perceive differently are called holy or ... thanks for sharing ! and i'm totally with you on all that , especially about texts and emails . i think it's unsettling to be forced to stare at a big wall of our own words . it certainly makes me ... i make the same mistake . i think it's plurality confusion , as in the english language uses * ' s * to make singular nouns into plural nouns . the mind might be associating the sentence with the rule of ... exactly ! which i guess is why we read into it more when other people use them . how rude of him to say that ! i totally would have called them ' our friends , etc . :) do you seem to place more importance on how sentences sound than others do ? do you actively monitor your word choices to produce a desired effect ? i actively try to avoid using i and my , i ... no one's mentioned it yet , hmm . when i was a freshman in college , my first roommate was an intp . best . roommate . ever . of course the place was a damn mess 25/8 , but we had such a blast . and his ... haha yes i do follow . unfortunately i don't have much to add , however . i would just say that the emotions do exist when having sex on your own will , they just might be varying degrees of intensity ? well i think you got the wrong idea . i did say to have sex responsibly , after all . anyway , i think this is less about the different forms of sex and more about sex simply being a thing . sure , you ... sex is just so normal , so completely natural . cats do it outside of our windows . now , maybe we shouldn't be as impersonal about it as cats are , but it's not the definitive thing about living , so why ... yes exactly ! that's a terrifying thought . so that sucked ... and this wedding ring isn't going anywhere ... f * * * ! now , do you think this is an ingrained fact of nature , or do you feel it's a preference of certain people who have learned to act in such a way ? if the latter , what do you have to say about people ... do you feel that that's natural ? yes exactly . i've had love before sex and i've had sex before love . it ain't no thing . after all , it's our natural purpose to mate and bond with one another , and i don't think nature cares about the ... thank you mojo 415 and fguewriter for the birthday wishes ! :) just got off work , time to party ! well that's the most stern sounding birthday wish i've ever got ! thanks ! this thread is highly relevant to my turning 21 tomorrow . >:D awww yeeeaaahhh finally my dreams are ridiculous and full of juxtapositions and general madness . i almost always wake up having to reset my reality and relearn how life actually is . i very rarely lie in bed after waking up , ... i have yet to find a group that wants to make a harlem shake video , and ya know we only have so much time before the trend fades . so we should have an enfp meetup to make this happen ! the harlem shale is exactly how we see the world ! edit : ... shake * the nf - or at least the enf - can be easily spotted at parties , for one example . speaking for males , ( since i'm a male enfp ) we are the guys who will speak to everyone , whether they be friend or ... everything is beautiful . the burnt orange glow eminating from my dashboard - check engine - is beautiful because it means that i have a method of transportation . dark red blood dripping from a ... itt : nfs talkin ' real nf shit and nts not understanding our lack of rational thought . such is life ! ( mannn i don't go on nt boards acting like i'm in disbelief over their preference of putting ... we learn to deal with it . like i said , we know that we're insane . http://images.sodahead.com/polls/002775161/1510804093_YouMustBeNewHere_vi_answer_1_xlarge.jpeg welcome to the enfp board ! i'm exactly the same way ! irrational reactions man ... they're awful . i also find that i would be a hypocrite if i voiced my feelings . anddd that's when i realize i'm being irrational . doesn't make ... i suppose our viewpoints differ , my friend ! * raises glass * cheers to variety of collective opinion ! :) haha ! that's quite a reaction . :) i'm not offended , i mean i do understand that i'm insane if that's what you're asking . do i know why ? eh not really . my best guess is it stems from my desire to be ... oh god , yes . sometimes i go way overboard with the courtesy . when i was first learning to drive , i had to be told multiple times about my right of way . i kept stopping on main roads to let people who ... sometimes i get quiet and shut down . but honestly , i'm a huge user and abuser of passive-aggressive behavior during such situations . i will be passive-aggressive towards that person until i feel like ... very interesting , thanks for the insightful responses ! as for myself : if we're in a group , usually someone else will get to the person first . funny enough , i find that these quick reacting people ... i'm at work right now , and there's a really snobby family in here draining my energy . i have to stand here and look pretty while they walk around and shop , and they keep just yelling into the air ... ah , yes ! i believe seinfeld said it best , i am not much for the family gathering . you know , you sit there , and the conversationx 92s so boring . itx 92s so dull . and you start to fantasize . you know , you ... an enfp friend of mine once told me that she doesn't like when people cry around her , or rather crying on her shoulder for support . she said this applies to anyone , even her so . this intrigues me ... totally an nt . dat attitude ain't nf boiii guys what's going on ? guys it's okay , let's not fight . right ? all in twilight , to refer to a post you made on the last page , how is ti commonly used in an enfp ? forgive me , but my knowledge on ... i thought all enfps were bisexual ! :) generally i respect the game and not the player , though it just depends . i think it's cool that somewhere , at some point , someone / some group of people devised an entire system of explanation for ... i've seen that in some of your posts . it's a shame . i'm with you on the religion thing , and i think it's funny that non-believers seem to be a rarity amongst enfps ( correct me if i'm wrong on that ) ... chocolate bars should grow on trees . but you would have to pick the harvest before summer , because then it would drip all over the leaves and the ground . if you parked under a chocolate bar tree in ... all i know is that if you start touching / rubbing / petting my hair , i become a cat until you stop . just closing my eyes and forcing my head upward in the direction of the hand . ahh . it's usually one of ... '