i can tell you it's worth it . just made 50 bucks through a bet with a friend that said a couple of months back that i wouldn't make it to 2014 without relapsing . feeling profound , eh ? condescending people upset me the most . people exercising authority for no practical purpose other than to feed their egos tend to upset me as well . basically people who refuse perspective and don't ... i've never thought of it that way ; that's a great way to put it . the universe and nature just makes our whatever is significant to us seem pointless in the grand scale of things . no matter our ... oh i remember that scene . todd really stole the scene , so the surroundings were a blur to me . but now that you mentioned it , i think it worked that they did the scene in the snow . imo i think it ... it's probably his experience as a stand-up that allowed him to pull off such a convincing adlib . i grew up identifying him as a comedian , but his ability to craft such authentic and vulnerable ... robin williams really melted me with his performance in good will hunting , especially with that particular speech scene in the park . imo leonard's character stood out more than ethan hawke's , ... when they start lying on their backs on rolling about , then purr as you stroke them . irresistible . they're the best mix of moodiness and affection . i was quite apprehensive about her initially due to her being in twilight , but she really is enjoyable to watch . kinda looking forward to watching pitch perfect . last movie watched : dead poets ... apocalypse nao redux never knew laurence fishburne was so skinny when he was young . i can empathize . i know what it's like to have a constant alcoholic in the family . that's too much of a compliment for assholes . resignation even if there was an absolute , our limitations as human beings obscure our judgement and render us unable to prove it . we cannot escape our own biases . i would typically feel offended by my incompetence because my rationalization and lying was not good enough to make them believe me . i believe that infps can lead in that they can articulate their visions well enough ; plus when there are clearly defined roles , mutual respect and established boundaries , they can empower others . it ... any personality type can be an asshole , irrespective of ' inferior fe ' or ' too much ne ' or any of that shit . hence there should be a separate personality type for assholes , no dichotomies nor ... if the bodies are not preserved inside coffins , then that'll be a waste of good zombies . this thread reminds me of this song . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YGNpr9Dw9zE to be left alone . 20 years later , nothing's changed . it was established as an absolute no-no in my family to have cellphones interfere at the dinner table . i grew up thinking that it was common courtesy for people having meals in each other's presence ... my enfj brother is incredible in his imagination , but unrelenting in sharing them to me to the point of annoyance . fiercely altruistic but very prone to guilt trips and being emotionally manipulated ... you could be an infp , or not . i'm sure it doesn't really matter and all this mbti stuff is quite arbitrary anyway . i kept getting typed intp but realized i instead have a lot more fi tendencies , ... i have thought of how smoking is the slowest way of committing suicide . i wanted to read quiet but didn't get around to getting the book . is it good ? book : animal farm song : carnival of rust by poets of the fall movie : fight club tv show : suits , s1 i can relate to the heart-in-a-flutter effect , knowing that it's infatuation and just my body acting up to my biological programming as a sexual being . plus i don't think having a conscious ... it was a chastity commitment thingy that i practiced throughout my all my teenage years back when i was crazy religious that has some spillover effects on my lifestyle in young adulthood . me thinks it's something to do with the depth of field . or it could just be a bandwagon thingy . i can say the same about watching 3d movies . wait it's a song ? or am i missing something here ? what do you think of heart-shaped sunglasses ? fall in love , not have sex , cower in a corner and cry . rinse and repeat . call the person out on his / her bullshit . unless i did something that warrants suicide on his / her part . that would be a legitimate worry . many , of course , would not agree that there is anything ... 1 ) when i'm so inebriated i can't feel my face , in a club of course . 2 ) when it's cheesy retro with so much groove and funk that it's physiologically impossible for me to practice any self-control ... i guess it's easy for people with real debilitating personality disorders to not be taken seriously cause everyone's apparently diagnosed with some sort of disorder . i've always thought i was ... i'm sure caring about what others think of oneself is a result of fe . no one can be 100 % thinker . - i don't read as much as i'd like to . - i don't take much a liking of sci-fi and i prefer the ... the many good things he represents are overlooked by many in favor of his image of abundance in wealth , in my experience at least . you're not wrong , and it's good that budai is a representation of ... the many good things he represents are overlooked by many in favor of his image of abundance in wealth , in my experience at least . you're not wrong , and it's good that budai is a representation of ... i used to learn about the history of buddhism in high school , plus my dad's a buddhist . and i had contempt against the laughing buddha cause of how i see people have him represented as prosperity and ... i reckon buddha was an intp . quenching the thirst for enlightenment and the ultimate truth by sitting down and doing nothing but meditate . well everyone's got their own way of enjoying the ride . i need music in the car , so that i can maintain some form of connection to reality while my mind drifts into auto-pilot mode . it also helps ... i can't remember the last time i had a crush on someone , honestly . meet someone interesting , get to know her more , lose interest . happens god knows how many times . it takes as quick as a few ... i don't see what's so scary about them , frankly . while intjs might be stereotyped as plotting evil villains and whatnot , they have their own form of candor , and it's certainly easy to appreciate ... given our current social climate , it would not make sense to raise children . population count aside , it's actually in the long term , hazardous for their well being . face it , we're in a morally ... when i'm pissed , frustrated , demotivated or stressed , the unhealthy habit i have is always going for the cigarettes . sometimes it works , sometimes my state of mind worsens . that's the point where no ... i'm confident you won't be able to offend nts . it's inexplicably hard . what do you think of my avatar ? i'm hoping you can upset me with the truth . 1 . i would open the closet to find her rotting body there and accompanied with shock will puke upon the putrid stench of a rotting corpse . by the way if she hangs herself in my closet , then it must ... i'll like someone , get to know them , then find out it's not in the slightest bit worth it . with closure , it's so much easier to move on . when you don't know them , you create an ideal of them . your ... i don't think it speaks for all intps . i'm fine in social situations , except that i can be very insensitive .