' very interesting test . found some of the questions described me right on the dot . more of a right brained person . right brain is 58 % and left is 42 % . mango . the longer you wait to eat them , the sweeter they get . unless you wait too long and they mold . like an esfp the more you know someone the more you tend to like them , but if you wait too long ... well you know , i am an esfp . haha . just kidding , that made me laugh though . she could go stalk me in the forums if she didn't want to pm , but then i would make her out to be a stalker now wouldn't i ? ... thank you all . i am thinking of just letting him try playing the insight game . i will let you know the results . again thanks so much . especially for those of you with autism who are helping me ... welcome sovia ! feel free to pm me anytime . always looking for new people to talk too ! (: enjoy perc cafe . yes . it was very hard for my parents when we were kids . he wouldn't sleep . people suggested rocking but he would scream non-stop until you put him down . and even then he would cry . just not as loud ... thank you all for your support . this turned out to be a very interesting conversation about mbti . : d i appreciate all the responces . thanks again . paradigm - yes . sadly people still pick on ... thank you for your response . well thank you all . i really want to help my brother understand himself a bit better . sadly mbti cannot do that for him because it is suppose to help , like superevil ... mm . so true . though my depression hasn't effected my personality in the long run . but that may be because it's mild . and it's sad because he is in high school now and you think he would make at least ... yes , you could ask people . except because he is so different he doesn't really have any friends . ): on our little island everyone picks on him and makes him feel like an outcast . i try to get my ... thank you so much . i also thought about if mbti didn't apply to people with autism . because the questions kind of require you to be able to tell how people feel about thinks . a good example is , ... so i have an important question for all you perc cafers . i have a younger brother by two years and have been trying to figure out his mbti type . i have gotten almost everyone else in my family except ... my ring finger is much shorter then my middle . i thought they were closer together before . but then again that was years ago that i last really compaired my fingers . oh sparkles where hast thou gone ? ! ): i miss you sparkles ... yes sparkles ... i did realize that . it's like weed in a way . but i am really easy to please . just love me , and i'm happy . speaking of which , that moto is probably what got me into a lot of trouble ... the things you learn from google . xd immediacy ... that's an awesome word . i was rolling it over my tongue for a while after i read it . immediacy ... <3 . xd i guess . but i do need to put ... i love friends too ! it's an esfp thing . (: it is an awesome mix . and yes i believe you can get a major in it , but i will probably only minor . and i am more likely to go into astrology then ... i have so many nicknames that i don't have a real name anymore ! haha . well that's strange ... but men are so weird anyway . xd maybe he has some past of women that makes him uncomfortable to ... well teenagers are very enthusiastic with adult topics . and people say i am mature enough to deal with them . but if you have read my old posts then you must understand it . (: i still think the world should have a gayroller . she thought it was bad cause you were squishing people . i was like they just come out happy .. you know gay ? but i guess she no understand . xd and i ... lol . i litterally went to my settings . saw you posted and shouted out , sparkles yay ! . xd also love the signature . my friend says its horrible but i think everyone should get run over with a ... and then all the esfps got drunk and partied ... and the forum was silient . i don't want to be a thug though ! that's the problem ... i want to be the complete opposite ... is that strange ? haha . i did hit my dad today ... maybe i am a thug ? ): i make jokes about beating people up ... well ... * blush * they're kind of romance animes with action . > / / < but no one knows because everyone considers me a big thug cause i talk big ... no one ever suspects the romantic type of person i ... oh that's good . didn't want to be annoying . i was totally serious . something could be broken and i wouldn't even know until i stepped on it . xd i was watching special a . when i get bored i watch a ... yeah . somethings are better off not said . i'm agnostic but so are my parents so we all chill with religious views . oh and sorry , i don't mean to make you repeat yourself . o . o and once again last ... wow . our group keeps growning . esfp = yay ? (: thank you . i am pretty sure my mom does know but doesn't say anything because she has no proof . i do smoke in the house though so it is very ... i wanted to post this before i forgot ! i made a user friendly guide to understanding me ... you can tell i was bored . xd i have a written introduction and then the interwebs stuff with my mbti and ... well i just forcing said friend to stay up until eleven so i know she is alive . (: oh she knows as soon as i said the name . xd and thanks for the advice though . alright . have a good sleep . (: i think i have a sign ... but this particular person is my best friend . she helped me with my breakdown today and wasn't offended when i canceled an outing with her and she offered to plant a garden ... xd i found my twin ! yay ! xd i did ... but probably because my friends tend to do this a lot she kinda over it ? i don't go running every time though . like when they were at the beach ... i said come here ... okay ... calmed down . xd i am giving her the choice of either staying up all night with me to prove she is alive or i am coming no matter what . phew . (: fuckidy fuck fuck fuck . my friend calls me crying and wanting to die and my mom refuses to let me even walk there ! she needs me ! i am leaving in half an hour no matter what she says . she can ground ... be right back ... i have to take a call . wait ... what is a fuzzy navel ? xd and it's alright . i hope she will be fine . she is the best mom in the world so she better be . haha . i love our nice friendships . (: oh and by everything i don't mean ... fuzzy navels ? o . o nope ... nothing . ): hence the word summer . lol . that's ok cause i just read you buzzed ... i wish i was buzzed right now .. but broke = no weed . xd oh yeah i know it's not curable ... but the other thing isn't even ... i know gardens do rule ! it's been my dream to make one for a long time . going on vacation there for the summer . (: seeing everyone that forgot me eight years ago . xd haha ... she jokingly said ... oh ... i also believe you asked about my ennegram type ? my tritype is , 2w3 , 5w4 , 9w8 , from recent tests including the perc cafe one . i mostly got type 2 .. so i guess that's me ! (: i guess i just got lazy at some point . xd or i was too young ? can't remember . i think i was too young ... a game i really want is that ace attorney game with miles edgeworth but i always run out of ... yay for three-ways ! lol ... that sounded so wrong . glad you replied to my question . i didn't play the original ff games but i did watch them . parents = hard core gamers . i actually just got home to ... welcome tootsie . feel free to pm me if you wish to talk . welcome to perc cafe too . hope you enjoy it . you can find a lot of intps here so you won't feel left out ! welcome back ! happy eighteenth birthday ! i hope you can find your way around perc cafe again . i went to bed pretty much right after you logged off . my reason for staying up = perc cafe = this thread = you . xd but i did go out today ! had fun , rocked it , watched a fight , watched friend leave ... glad i am an interesting person then ! haha . get some sleep ! you deserve it with hard work . (: no problem cause i should sleep too ... or sneak drunk / stoned friends into my house without waking my ... 60 ' s to the 80 ' s was pretty awesome . so of course we esfps want to be like it ! we love being awesome ! xd i love how you turned the question around into an obvious one . xd especially with the , i ... haha , it being the 80 ' s it might have been a nuke thing ! 80 ' s is still pretty frickin ' amazing though ! i mean , music wise . i dress 60 ' s / modern time though . haha . gotta love being a wild hippie . the ... well i didn't sleep until after the tsunami hit regardless . the alarm is right across the street and has to be heard all across town . guess someone has got to live near it ! haha . i get migraines due ... '