' i don't think it's quite fair for him that you would expect this would play out in the same story just because he is an infp . people deserve to be seen for who they are . he is not your ex , and ... i was raised christian and one day i was assigned the task of evangelism , to bring in secular people to the church . what i realized was i didnt know what to do . because a ) i had never tried to ... superstring theory making world peace . of course , we know what it really means .. 33 awesome things about infp's 1 . we are very flexible with our time . 2 . we are always engaged in what we choose to do . 3 . it makes us happy to see ... hi ! i'm pik . it's very nice to meet you . :) * sips on strong black tea . munches on a cookie . sips on strong black tea . munches on a cookie . sips on ... * my grandmother's gray hair . * puts down a coconut . top chopped away . * i think you are juggling two ideas here : communication and understanding . communication happens between people , and understanding happens both between people ( externally ) , and between a person and an ... hi ! i find the reaches of ne is wide and deep . occasionally it gets to hit those brilliant spontaneous sparks , but most of the time it's like an thirsty ameba grappling for something . in its ... that is a very difficult situation .. if i were in that situation i think i would be juggling between letting the wife in on the emails or backing out of it altogether . i think we all pretend to know it happens to me too . sometimes i tell myself it's because i'm tired . and then i get irritated and blame it on everything that happened in my life , one by one . and then i realize how futile it ... woah there , math is the greatest system of metaphors ever . i am a great fan of plain language , but i don't think i've ever been quite good at it , so i've always felt a great need to crutch on metaphors . i find it difficult to accept the plainness of ... * swivels juice playfully . when the swirls stop , sips . * the sound of ocean waves when you are walking barefoot in the shore . trying to tell if the waves are speaking or listening to you . * mixes ... waaa i am loved :D * backs out amazed at the meal , looks around , sits , slowly dines . finishes with the sip of wine . * the sound of the crackling fireplace while it's raining outside . ( and rubbing your tummy after a ... an understanding of someone's universe let's see if this works . 1 ) take a sip of the drink in front of you 2 ) tell us something beautiful in life 3 ) put down a drink for the next person . there's a cup of single shot espresso on ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KS9l7e-ZU_s i love her analogy of walking into the ocean . are humans good or evil by nature ? good . but not so good at doing good . can we truly be in love with a person or only the idea of love that we have ? when i think geez , i wish i had a ... i'm awesome ! so are you ! like pearls gleaming at the bottom of the deep ocean , there are memories that shine . that's you . if human cows are good for milk , are human goods milk for cows ? my suspicions are confirmed . you are beautiful when you laugh . nah .. they'd battle endlessly about who is really the nicer person . totally . i never understand my love-hate relationship with solitude either . i think of renoir and picasso . they both had very difficult and lonely lives in their youth . but renoir refused to ... haha . what if someone says something nice about you ? the potential is endless ... rachel mcadams in about time . i love that 1 ) he got to know her personality before he met her ( mysterious ) 2 ) she can intelligently articulate what she likes about a work of art ( deep thinking ) ... i think you want to be friends with newbies , and the only thing you think you can do is to wait to be seen favorably . and while the newbies eyes are wandering around aimlessly until they rest on you , ... why ? this was a dumb thing to do . it shows you are still being affected by them . also , you have presented a very one-sided view of the situation , so i cannot sympathize with you entirely . i ... if you could be any thing in the world and not have to worry about money , what would you be ? - a me that doesnt worry about money . or maybe a ball of ice cream . if you could be your own ... this ... is noble . you are ! me too ! the last bit of ulysses ... gives me the chills every time . this line ... it made me think of a very tranquil garden patch and an old man . no one has ever been into this garden , no one ever can except this old man . he finds amazing , magical plants in there , he ... i saw a graceful rock on the seashore once , and as the legend goes , it was once a woman who waited for her husband to come back from across the sea . it seemed the rough winds had combed the surface ... i am thankful for today . it was rainy and we had fried chicken for dinner . i think it's universal that people feel respected when asked how they feel about things and listening thoroughly to what they have to say . i think i would appreciate it a lot if people ask many ... * sniffs at the potato salad flying by * * sigh * i addressed this in my previous post . it is one thing to accept one's rational capacity , another to express it , which got me to question why one would ever have to express it . and i've ... let me try to put it bluntly . you become smart not when you think you are smart but when others think you are smart . thus you can only prove your smartness by doing things that will make other ... it is not an obvious chain of thought . let's first ask why anyone would want to put oneself forward as smarter than others if one knows one could be perfectly content in the knowledge that one ... which country is the best ? no . buying things feels good . wow there . lemme say that i think science classrooms are the modern equivalent of church pews . just as it has been a problem when people who identify themselves as godly assume their wishful ... well .. there's a powerful emotion that i've felt that could be called love . but i would call it a disease , an infatuation , an intoxication . it is as if a song is stuck in my head , but it is a ... i feel this and recently i've started calling it the emotional sauna . the way i deal with it is like you know when it's raining and you have to walk for a long time and you don't have any rain ... i used to test as intp and now i test as infp . i think the connection between my past and present self is the thirst for an intricate , profound sense of truth . i see them getting excited and searching for words and then get nervous and sigh out you're so ... you that and you have your head in the clouds and feet on the ground . hi im korean and i've seen some korean moms and all korean mothers are like that . take a look at http [ colon ] / / www [ dot ] youtube [ dot ] com / watch ? v = kbbicilmazs the father tells him to apologize so ... '