' this happens to me ! it usually happens when i am being incredibly stressed about some life situation going on . i ffing hate myself at those moments . i start to read into others emotional reactions ... how funny , i've often been criticized for being too straightforward , too honest , too rude , too inconsiderate . i tend to feel extremely awkward around women because they mostly operate on feeling ... man , lunchtimes at my work can be torturous sometimes . due to location of the office building , many prefer to get lunch in a cafe inside of the building , rather than walking or driving to lunch ... hey bro , the problem is not so much with other people , the problem is to become more comfortable with who you are . sticking to your own guns . you cannot change them . you can only change yourself ... curse hawking , these are couple questions i have : 1 ) for how long have you been working in the industry ? is fakeness of people the major factor factor you dislike and makes you want to leave it ? ... dear fellow istps . i need your input on the questions : - do you harbor an emotional trauma that you consider detrimental to your development as a human being ? if so , what is it ? - do you ... i did shotokan karate . as long as you know few vulnerable spots , and strike with a right speed at a right time , you will demoralize any opponent , no matter how huge or how strong they are . i was ... i tend to get quite well with entp guys . never met a single entp gal . entp guys i've met were never boring . always in their head , in some sort of crazy world . they notice things i never do . one ... when people make all sorts of assumptions about me , which are not necessarily true , and then judge the heck out of me based on the assumptions made . and all i am left is thinking what the heck ? ... when i was a lot younger , i wanted to become a designer ( working with materials , shapes , and colors ) , then an opera singer . well , it didn't work out because these options were not serious enough ... i think this has to deal with our good listening and observation skills . combine it with tertiary ni and highly analytical ti , and bum ! - you have a perfect killer machine . given that an istp is not ... hey isfps , for the longest time i was trying to type anglina jolie , who is so hard to type right bc of her killer acting skills . this is a very old interview , where she seems very genuine and ... 1 . ) is there any chance that we will develop into a committed relationship ? what are things i can do to help that happen or deepen our connection ? 3 . ) i feel confused about the whole me initiating ... how would you respond if someone asked , what's on your mind ? um , just random stuff . i know an istp's feelings aren't outwardly expressed ( as many people have said on these forums ) , but what's ... i did karate for a while , and an istj girl , who was almost a black belt , taught me a great deal of good . she had a quite tough exterior for outsiders , those who didn't know quite well , but was the ... get out to woods , pray to satan , burn couple of dead bodies , dance around the fire , get back home , drink a glass of milk , and nappy . seriously tho , exercise . good long exercise . swimming works for ... when i am in a firm control of my life and everything's in its own place , and l feel successful , confident , and competent , i rarely stress out about what someone said to me . however , my life is a ... people say that i spread around myself some weird calm aura , when i am my normal self when i am in a good mood , i find it really easy to joke and make others laugh i have a different story for you . an isfp i had a crush on ... fucking left me . i mean we were not in a relationship or anything like that * official * , but there was a definite chemistry going on with ... i used to be a very serious and thoughtful kid . my high school teacher told me once that i had a very intense gaze . i was never conscious about that at all , but after that i started to notice . then i ... i get you , sis ! it is completely okay , do not worry . dating just in general sucks . i tried to date , but it is just too much work . i have no control over my feelings and emotions whatsoever . i have a ... there is a hint of autoerotism in this post . an enfp hurt my feelings . it seemed she was rather interested in her power than my feelings . i will never be able to trust enfps again . sex is a legit need , address this to your husband , you say you've been together for eight years . don't be so shy , fulfilling your sexual needs is his martial duty . it might be he is too stressed at ... oh god yes , i love cuddling . but this is reserved for only one . i hate being touched by anyone else . only light gestures are allowed , ex . touching of arms as an expression of friendliness , gentle ... yes , that is the inferior se . i prefer to go by jung's original work , which for me is the most clear and simple of all existing personality models . first , i determine the dominant function from a ... redhotpengy i totally get it . i used to feel heavily guilty for not opening up . some girls are really curious about me and want to be friends with me and connect with me emotionally . and i'm like ... . insertcreativenamehere awesome post . i tend to take my life very seriously , and i want to spend my time and energy on what and who truly matters . i am not on a lookout for a cheap drama . those who ... i'm late to the party . i have a question to you guys ( i think women will relate to this better ) . do other istps frequently experience this feeling of inevitable catastrophe ? even if everything is ... your comment made me smile :) i don't think there is something wrong with being weird . in fact , the world would be a better place if everyone was a bit more weird ! weirdness means creativity , ... i am very attracted to enfp men , and i am slightly wary of enfp women :) i sense than enfp women see through me and this makes me feel slightly insecure . but in general , your ingenuity , strong sense ... you balance each other out :) btw i noticed istjs tend to have tastefully designed houses , and are great cooks . when i think about istjs , solidity of the earth comes to mind . istjs rule ! thanks for the insight . my mom's isfj . i find that si is more charming than se , if that makes sense . whereas se is unmercifully realistic , si is more soulful , nostalgic , and unique . however , ... what is your behavior like when you are surrounded by si-doms ? what is your attitude towards their ne-perceptions ? describe your efforts to be understood by them . they have inferior ne , and you have ... i'm an narcissist . i hate myself . it's never too late to say thank you to your skin . bahaha you people are hilarious , made me laugh yeah we know how to touch people and things properly ! killingtroubleshooter , you found your soulmate i've heard certain skin problems stem from repressing an emotional trauma . what is the relationship with your skin ? how does it affect your daily life ? extremely general questions . hoping for the widest range of answers possible . i get attracted to istp guys . you are a hot cookie . but we are so alike , it's not even a joke . i kinda get how your mind works like , but i'm just too lazy to learn about your theories bc i have my ... i tend to get attracted to isfps very much . dem sexy bastards . you guys have a vibrant personality , strong values , style , humor . you are great psychologists too . hot af . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yb07Q4HsYb4 travie mccoy , leader of gym class heroes . ti , se , whole package is there . oh boy , i had a huge crush on him . omfg aldous huxley wondered the same thing . this question is extremely controversial because the contemporary western mainstream / conventional scientific community prefers mind over body . the mind-body ... you know an istp is interested in you when s / he actively avoids you , tracks you from the other side of the room , and stacks you on the internet . i've met plenty of sj non-believers . i doubt religiousness and / or traditionalism is type related . keirsey's model is very suspicious , behavioristic . i doubt that behavior is a firm foundation to ... i don't think there is something wrong with being subjective :) it is really the american emphasis of extroversion that pushes everyone into a crazy extroversion mode . subjective personal values are ... thanks for your response , i'm really fascinated . your ne seems like a magic ! i've heard of 1984 . i think huxley's model has more chances to become true . yeeeah , ti-dom paranoia :P aside from the ... hi enfps , have you ever read brave new world by aldous huxley ? what do you think of it ? he has strong opinions on what the world is headed to , and the picture is terrifying . it would be okay , if ... emadoe , i'm very sorry for what has happened to you . in addition to that , you are being harassed in here . victim-blaming , huh . i've met several istps irl , and we are very different . different ... this thread is several years old . rising dead . what the heck . wanna type in my answers . 1 . how do you react to good news ? i'm not gonna scream oh my god ! ! and run around . i'm not gonna express my ... yyyeeah . i know . at this stage of my life i am busy with some personally important , and work - and time-intensive project , so i am relatively okay . most of the times i don't have this problem , just ... '