' first and last update on the cat : we have absolutely no clue where she is hiding during days ( like seriously - we can't find her ) . but in the morning - her bowl of food / water is empty and litter box ... so we got a new , 3 years old , female cat . the cat was abused by her previous owners as a breeding machine so to say . not to her liking and against her will . now she is scared of everything and ... 25 years and counting . fire without a doubt . typology seems like such a endless thing to me . you can always make more and more subtypes of subtypes . there are probably infinite ways / ideas of how you can split people in ... we could organize a date and time for a meeting in the chat maybe ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZJDNSp1QJA https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vt1Pwfnh5pc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XU0E-bEtR1s and some songs that used to : delerium - silence ( chillout ... when an ne using type ( that can be intps , infps , enfps , and entps ) are pattern surfing for possibilities their eyes sometimes bounces rapidly in different directions . think about this and about ... ask the same question on any other personalitycafe subforum and they will all say that we are too lazy for that . and i would agree . i doubt a infp would ever bother with something like that though ... i personally would dislike to use anything that interferes with my clear mind . on alcohol i have the same view as on marijuana , which is best described in this quote : don't get me wrong - i ... i try to avoid extroverts because they just cost too much energy . i work as an electrician . nuff said . i find electricity to be very interesting . i thought that all it was was electrons moving , electromagnetism and induction . but it turns out that even in direct ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YYUYfo2rD3Q i thought it had something to do with them not liking being generalized or something like that . or that n types enjoy seeing the patterns , that mbti presents to them , in their everyday life . i would prefer both chasing , as you phrase it , each other . though i would dislike to be chased by someone before i'm interested in her myself . that sounds annoying . sorry , don't have stories to ... aren't all s type sub forums dead ? i just thought that all the mbti thing isn't very interesting for s types . can i ask a question about love here ? : rolleyes : i believe that the idea that love is something that just happens is just a very popular myth that people believe in . but the truth is that you ... love that answer : laughing : i have always wondered how comes i'm like the only infp in the world who likes games like chess , dota 2 , sc2 , warcraft 3 , hearthstone , sc : bw . basically - only strategy games . almost everybody checks their minimap by looking at it between every action they make . the key here is speed . there is no such thing as pure multitasking . what we call multitasking is just switching ... don't want to sound all negative and pessimistic , but here are my reasons : 1 ) everyone deserves something better than me . 2 ) i can think of unlimited number of reasons why someone would not be ... i find starcraft 2 incredibly easy . back in 2010 - it took me 1 week to get into diamond league and started facing master league players . so i quickly lost my interest in the game because it wasn't ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gzeY9dehO8 is the show good ? sadly many videos of his youtube channel got deleted . including the most fun one - the final one . good thing it is possible to find at least that one final video . ... he stores his anger inside him . he doesn't show it - not even in video blogs where he talks about things he is angry about . he doesn't know how to release his anger the healthy way . so the anger ... i hope that was the case . because i would be worried about the women he would be together with . hard to believe he was serious . first i thought the videos were meant as a joke . chaotic neutral human druid ( 2nd level ) ability scores : strength - 10 dexterity - 13 constitution - 13 intelligence - 11 wisdom - 11 perhaps people are neither good nor bad , since good and bad seem more like subjective terms . instead people are selfish . they are born selfish , they live selfish and they die selfish . most ... here is a video that changed the very foundation of my view to the world . more specifically - to people . i'm sorry if it was discussed or submitted here before . ... nagato and obito are nf villains in naruto shippuuden . one thing they both had in common is that they were emotionally hurt . so nf villains are kinda boring . because they are not the fun i'm bad ... isn't it a part of the definition of feelers - to be annoyed of people who ignore other people feelings , use them for their own benefit , and put logic above people feelings ? go to asia . there are like 80 % introverts . i made the numbers just up . but should be near the truth . considering asia has like highest population density - then all in all the world should have like ... after that it gets really weird . they start to respect you and actually want to be friends with you . so weird . you should try it . : laughing : i would like to know which are the typical ... both of those types of meditation are , for me , not meditation at all . when i meditate - i don't think or concentrate . if a thought crosses my mind - i acknowledge it and leave it be . i know ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VWyH_twcMl0 why don't you talk ? when i talk then - shut up allready ! ! well ok . it's the same one person over and over and over again . he better not get the idea that you are disappointed in him . best if you just respect and accept him the way he is . even if you just worry about him . if you constantly worry about him and he ... the idea eating like a stone age man is new to me . and truthfully - i don't like it . because i truly believe that the only reason why humans are smarter than animals is because we invented cooking ! ... be happy you had such an adventure : happy : it's hard to imagine that two infps couldn't work . wouldn't a fe type be better suited for infps ? because fe types would give the infp that emotional ... what would be your top 3 recommendations for eating healthier ? i ask because i have the feeling you might know about that stuff . i don't have much of respect for fruits and vegetables . because you ... shoreline , the video reminds me of dave asprey talking about mycotoxins ( mycotoxins - the surprising mold you eat ) . how poisonous they are and how they are in most of the foods . how to avoid them and ... i will remember your idea for the time will come when i will actually start do something i kinda think the opposite way . watch tv-show now , do homework later . your method certainly requires a ... i used to love ping-pong . i would love to play it again and play it forever and ever till the end of time . but i don't have anyone to play with so i don't play anymore . i also quite enjoyed ... what thrives me ? learning ! learning and perfection ! one day i will know everything there is to know . especially everything about people and healthy living . you just watch and see me become perfect ... i can definitely identify myself with the two reasons . also - the only few times i did do my home assignments - was when i did wrote a plan on a paper with precise minutes and hours when to work and ... after thinking about it . i figure it would have been awesome to be a doctor . whatever profession i would have chosen - i would have been the best one there is . and most doctors are just horrible , so ... electrician . it was a bad choice i made . sadly i didn't know back then what i wanted . at this point it is pretty certain that i won't finish school ( professional bachelor ) because i simply don't do my homework . which isn't a big deal considering it won't change anything important in ... thank you all :p roud : you are wrong with that one since i'm ddefinetly an i . but infp ? that could be the case . '