' i wasn't expecting it to get it right but it did . huh . i know this is a personality forum and not a psych forum but have you ever considered that you might have some form of ocd ? that's how it started for me . :/ spending 4 months worrying and analyzing ... entp o . o infp slight introversion : 13/21 very clear intuition : 26/26 clear feeling : 21/24 very clear perceiving : 22/22 i only know one as far as i know , an isfj . we've been friends for over a year , but i still feel a vague discomfort whenever we talk . one thing that's always bothered me about him as his need to ... i know , i know - cognitive functions , avoid dichotomy typing , etc . i'm about 98 % sure of my type and i'm not implying that i might be a j after all or anything like that , but i'm just wondering why ... nope . i enjoy socializing as much as possible and have good social skills even if i am really shy . this sounds very un-infp like to me . the way i see it , being an n type indicates an inclination towards being off in your head and less engaged in your surroundings rather than an inability to be . n types may show less of an interest in ... i agree , a lot of these questions could be connected back to narcissism , but they're so vague that they could have many other roots as well . nothing important . xd intps <3 if it's a cute puppy toy , kinda , but otherwise no . i've never realted to anything more than i do the infp label . from the way i handle conflict to my scatterbrained nature , almost everything i read about infps resonates with me . well , except for one ... when i was in elementary school , we were always told that if we didn't remember and pay tribute to the soldiers that died for our freedom , we'd see war again in our near future . i guess they just ... welcome to the never ending life of being an xnfp seriously , i've been questioning my type for almost a year now . i can't figure out which one i am , but for now i've settled on infp due to ... short-terms goals kinda , long-terms goals not so much . why are you so quiet ? you really need to start paying more attention . wow , how do you write like that ! ? i'm disorganized but that's mostly because i don't really care about being organized . i don't mind if my things are all over the place , most of the time , but i can be organize if i want to be , and ... yeah , i think so . i've actually read a lot about infps coming off as extroverted when they're with their friends , but shy and reserved around new people . spring and fall ! i like summer too but the lack of something to do ( no school ) tends to make me feel kind of depressed , and winter just sucks bc it's winter . i'm not a fan of the cold . hi there ! i understand feeling unsure of your type because for the longest time i was stuck between infp and enfp for some of the same reasons you mentioned . i finally settled on infp though , so let ... hi there ! i understand feeling unsure of your type because for the longest time i was stuck between infp and enfp for some of the same reasons you mentioned . i finally settled on infp though , so let ... i can relate . i've dealt with a susceptibility to depression and pretty severe social anxiety since i was 11 , but it's getting better , in some ways . omg you sound just like me ! i was shy and very clingy to my parents , i was really easily intimidated so i thought that if they were gone the world would open into a black hole and swallow me up or ... by my teachers , that i was polite , well behaved , sweet , got along well with others etc . i'm not sure if i was all that quiet , maybe just a little . and by my peers idk really ... i remember getting ... bump so i've always been somewhat on the fence with my type . i started out with entp , even though deep down i knew i was a feeler , but i didn't like that enfps were 8 % of the population so i tried forcing ... okay so it's not like i'm walking into poles or stepping into traffic , but the other day we were doing a lab in science and i made myself look like a complete idiot . first i spilled water and took 10 ... that sounds tough ! but i know what you mean , going from a place where you knew everyone even if you weren't really friends to a place filled with entirely new people and finding yourself unable to ... i always thought unhealthy meant being stuck in a bad behavioral pattern or some kind of function loop , whereas immature just meant underdeveloped ? in relation to typology anyway , but yeah i see what ... definitely istp . so istp it hurts that's very entp then . xd i think entps tend to be a little more socially adept because of auxiliary fe . intps , because they have dom ti and inferior fe have a big problem with being way too blunt ... the first paragraph could indicate either personality types imo ! though i think entps tend to be more upbeat and outgoing , though not really in a typical manner ( of course social anxiety or whatever ... you come off as really calm and subdued which isn't typical of a ne dom , but i suppose that kind of thing is really only measurable in real life . if you find yourself energized by social interaction , ... ne or ni ? are you thoughts random , flightly , all over the place and bouncy ? at your best do you sometimes have more ideas than you can put into words ? do you have a short attention span , and do you ... infj ! ! those interests are very typical of an infj , and everything about you is just ... so infj ! xd i don't think you should shy away from typing as a rare type , i mean , if you've had a hard time ... do you consider yourself a practical person who has practical interests , or someone who is a bit weird and sometimes likes weird things ? how do you feel about breaking rules ? my guess is infj ... most enfps are type 4 or 7 , so if you're a type 2 i think it's more likely that you're an enfj . also , istp is an enfps worst possible match , so maybe you are an enfj xd oh i see ! that makes sense , sometimes i feel like maybe i lose touch with my fi ... thank you ! anyone else have anything to add ? the reason i thought intp was because she seems to have inferior fe and is always analyzing and exploring systems which i understand is a ti thing ? but that might just be nothing , so you're ... hi ! ! so , my best friend is currently typed as intj , and while i don't think it's wrong i think there is some room for other possibilities . originally , she was typed as istj , but she loathed it ... i think it would be natural for your work self to come out as more of a j , because j traits are highly valued in a work setting and sometimes neccesary in organizing and getting things done , so ... intp ? i've noticed that an overwhleming amount of protagonists are extroverted feelers . as in exfx types , and when it comes to girls , they're usually enfps or esfps ! like sailor moon , many disney ... thank you so much , this was a really good analysis ! i'm not very good at spotting te / ti so it helped out quite a bit :D so i guess i'm just an enfp developing her fe ? oh , btw , could you explain the ... oh yeah , i'm very in tune with my feelings and i'm always noticing and thinking about how i feel ... so i must be a fi user too . i'm pretty sure about it now , thank you ! and omg thanks ! ! i love ... if so , how many kids do you want ? oh that makes sense ! ! i guess i thought enfps were generally outgoing and not very shy but liked alone time , but that makes sense , i expend a lot of energy expressing myself i think . thanks ! ! i'm thinking you might be right :D most of the time , the thing i'm left questioning is my extraversion , because i'm so shy and reserved in real life . i think i only developed my fe recently because up until i was about 15 i didn't show a single ounce of it .. like occasionally i'd cater to people etc but i was entirely self-serving and didn't ... '