' happy april fools day ! sincerely - entp any time period , any location . in no specific order alexander the great , julius caesar , robert e . lee , napoleon bonaparte , george washington , hannibal barca . you win the internet if that's original . after lot's of in-depth personality study , and more than i wish to admit of since it distracted me so much from my schoolwork : confused : , i am now very certain i am an isfj . anyone else here just ... not really srs or i will jump out of a four-story building just ignore her , she is most likely unattractive in real life and uses the internet to feel like she has a position of power , i see this alot in xxtj women . also , remember not to feed the trolls . i think most people would pick number 2 , i would too . in my opinion it would work out pretty well because of the mutual understanding , something hard to find in other people . your insecurity is justified . here in the u . s we have two master races , white and black . below them you have native americans in third place along with hawaiians they are still brown and don't have ... i'm sorry but i don't feel the same way about you : unsure : no , she really said it . this picture is incorrect . okay , so what's you body fat percentage mate ? and just becaue other people are heavier doesn't you're not overweight , that's like saying glenn beck isn't fat because a body builder weighs more than ... 190 is fat as fuck unless you play pro football , and considering everyone adds an inch to their height online being 5 ' 9 and over 180 without being a bodybuilder is unsatisfactory . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUmrBNmhvJM as i can currently be classified as a teen , ( though i don't feel like one ) i might as well respond to this . i guess you could say i am the result of an entp gone wrong , which i blame society for as ... because you're a strong independent woman who don't need no designated forum . thanks for the help tulkas i'll take your advice , i really need to pay more attention to my emotions ( lack of fi ) . for all of you who think i'm a drama queen or attention whore or whatever you should ... you mistake my response for denying your hand , but i'm not , i'm just saying that i've been doing what you've said to do and i haven't gotten any actual positive responses and if i did they didn't ... actually the people who say no matter quite a bit , if everyone in the world said no to who you truly are would you still think it didn't matter ? yeah you're right he is pretty mad . that surprises me lol that's pretty much what i do , but i've gone so far down that road i'm not sure if i'm being remotely myself anymore . it isn't worth it . guess actually an enfp would have went to cry in their corner , the fact that you are wording your sentences like a floating around noise making gay guy is very enfp of you . lol wow you even know your name , what a smart little boy . all the guys are going to say they look older if they're in their teens and all the girls will say they look younger then what they are and everyone over 30 will say they look younger and isn't all ... i also don't give a flying fuck what you think and i know what i'm saying does actually have some validity to it , i don't give a fuck if it lives up to your textbook definitions . the title says all , if you don't know me there's a good chance you won't like me once you do know me so feel free to hate me now and get it out of the way before you actually get to know me and then ... yeah , have fun with that . ask me how many fucks i give ? : rolleyes : you realize most of this was made for myself right ? seeing as how i hate everyone on this forum with you included . i have had pretty good results in developing my se a bit more so you can ... strong enfp like post and response from op hey pokemon is serious business , and i would say esfp . hello fellow entp's , now i know the majority of us have pretty sh ! tty se as it can be quite frustrating trying to find the remote we swore we had just 5 secounds ago , however there are more important ... being a grown-up means using good sentence structure in the title of your thread . jk that's for smoking crack and eating burritos all day : shocked : learn to speak english , my god . well i never said enjoy humiliating you mr.entejay , but it just happens to occur quite often xd i'm still not sure why he is here , not a single one of us here likes him . i guess he just enjoys trying to make us angry and then getting humiliated by us in the end xd i also take it you have alot of pint up ne that you can't share in real life so it just builds and builds until it explodes all over us at pc . i would get off the meds as they are restricting your ne ... this guy needs to train his si more , sure we entp's are awesome and all but lack of si can lead to insanity . i suggest thinking and internalizing your ideas more and following them to their logical ... intj's hands down . to answer op's question : yes . yeah he pretty much hates entp's because they embarass him all the time . entejay , i'm starting to question your real life coping skills now . xd they piss me off so much you have no idea . if you don't give a rat's ass than why bother replying xd btw i don't have to pursue the conversation to find out what i'm missing . it just comes to me : cool : . you shouldn't worry so much about what people think of you op , after all the ones who mind don't matter and the ones who matter don't mind . i tried being acceptable in real life and on forums , but realized that came at the price of sacrificing alot of my personality so now i just do whatever the fuck i want and shit . entejay , you're right about yourself in this sense of the logic you have created all by yourself atleast , because at the moment you are proving you really can't learn anything new . is this a common ... '