well i hate to say it but j am beyong the point of what most people consider drunk . but hey . its not a everyday at noon thing . lol booze makes all the difference . lol a failure is nothing more than a failed attempt at my final answer .. i don't stop .. i use the experience as a example on my way to truth .. a absolute negative can be just as good as a absolute ... i don't know that we can guess types do to the facts that we all wear masks .. i am the puppet master baby .. if you guess my type i would be surprised . lol why can't i disagree with you ? i joined to talk to my fellow intjs ... but i feel that i am the weaker of my kind .. i stay to study other types and there irrational responses to my posts as a way to create a stronger mask .  ... every day i morn over my stevey and story ... they were igaunas .. stormy was the most ruthless and strong woman i have ever met in my life .. she defined freedom .. i still hold her so dear to my ideals ... your so intj it makes me jealous i only ask because sometimes the repetitive opinions drive me insane . not that i can't sometimes have a mainstream and or common opinion myself . but i am really curious how you feel about it .  ... i hate hate groups that can't understand that they are in fact hate groups . i think i will start a group that will be about not enjoying hate groups that don't understand they are hate group's ... i used your toothbrush to clean a truck stop restroom ... i hate . you so much .. :p i hate . you so much .. awe you brought me lunch .. no ! how dare you ! ! ! i would kill for some tuna .. hey now .. no opening a can of whoop ass ! ! your snake looks sickly and weak ... sorry .. i was never trained to share .. i am still food aggressive ! you know that a half gallon of rockey road almost killed me that one time ! how dare you ! ! lol try to have a little fun . now i did it twice ... don't forget to post how you feel about this . same boat brother . i just started getting creative . its working out well but i miss the grind . foood ! waiting on food . lmao . it wasn't .. but one can wish . like for real .. where were you in 2005 ? that was the in thing ! lol .. as much as it pains me to say this .. watching the trends in seattle can be amusing as hell . also i really enjoy the ... yes i agree .. the air some people have about them is just ... ya .. i have also noticed they don't respect boundaries . i just hope a new ass kicking trend comes in style soon .. huh .. think there is a ... i know what you mean i have moved a few times myself . for some reason i keep coming back . lol and honestly if i didn't have so many projects working out for me here .. i would more than likely be ... i totally agree there has to be a underlying political agenda . i just can't figure out what benefit would really come from a $ 15 . minimum wage with no other attachments ... i know a lot of small ... i am so asexual .. sex is so icky . i got this .. the far left and the far right wings of the political spectrum in our lovely two party system are mostly filled with people who aren't really political at all . they are all very ... i hear ya .. i am not abose to people making a living wage .. that being said this is not the answer . this is helping the power not fighting it .. this is giving big corps the chance they need to wipe ... that is the big one right now . people who are making a better wage are having what they worked for ripped out of there hands . i wonder if this will stick or if it will be repealed . it takes a lot for me to go to seattle .. the hipsters .. bad parking ... idiots driving aggressively that can barley drive .. and the streets are dilapidated .. did i mention my main mode of ... i love my state .. but sometimes the people running it do some dam dumb shit .. ever since pot have gotten leagul the people in office have been pissing off our money . lol works out ? i can't disagree with a single word . i think the entire forced rise is going to result in a lot of unhappy people . i think that is going to be one thing that will happen for sure . i get that our system needs to change but i am not sure this was planned out well enough . actually that is weird . i was writing on a completely different post all together . i wonder how my comment ended up here . lol guess . :) cool . yes i do .. what kind of birds are they ? do not drink after midnight ? i wonder if a lot of businesses will switch to commission instead of hourly wage .. i am really curious to see how business owners feel about this .. could you business handle the bump ? none business owners .. i am curious to hear your thoughts as well . :) not cool .. respect her and just walk away . just the fact that you have gotten to this point indicates that the relationship is tainted . lol thanks for noticing . i still have hope that someone will find this when they are drunk .. then bam .. it won't take off . lol so this post was a joke .. but point in fact i accidentally got something published yesterday . lol yes i know .. i am such a horrible person . ;) thank you . :)