' this whole star wars hype is just too much for me ... to be able to resist the temptation of opening the fridge to see what's inside , and then closing it in a disappointed manner . don't you think it's rather dangerous to use your entire vocabulary in one sentence ? okay , i'll bite . 456281 nah it was a girl dude ... oh it would have to be entp , entp's are really cool and super great . entp's are the definition of the best romantic match for an infp , as well as being the best match for any other type as well . ... starting the timer now ! in a world of dusk and dawn , we ponder on the mysteries of tomorrow , but here i am , mowing my lawn , with a lawnmower that i had to borrow , i think there is more to ... living it up in brisbane i don't forget any of them , i just put them to the side and don't come back to them . istj : addiction / enfj : paranoia / selfish or overly generous / entp : temperamental / intj : moody / reclusive / entj : psychopathic tendencies / i added to your ones . that'll do for now . no ... that's neigh on impossible ;) my two besties are both enfj better than a miracle in a stables . we can look under the hood , make sure everything is nicely polished . yank the gear stick in every direction to make sure it works like it should . from there start the engine , and go between 1st gear ... entp hero - megamind villain - megamind thanks why do cattle act like people ? that's my question . we were always super individualistic and shit , then those damn cows and sheep came along , now we're frowned upon ... on that note , how do you feel about guns ? how do you think the general intj population feels about gun allowance ? do you think there's any one personality type that should be more trusted with guns ... so ' straying ' , not ' devolving ' then ? i like asking intj's questions though ! this is fun : tongue : why do you see that as devolving ? not everyone has associated deities with religion , there are those who believe that there are higher beings , spirit guides and all that jazz . masters of the universe blah blah blah well , i would say that it's impossible to go back to an actual beginning . how can something just begin to exists out of nothing . so there were objects around that started the big bang , they were in ... whilst on that note . before the big bang , there was mass infinitely dense and infinitely tiny . what came before that ? pretty straight forward topic . but here's the twist , it has to be incredibly lame . such as always knowing the exact time , or being able to go to the beach and not get sandy etc . howdy'do brother ! : cool : seems about right , thanks for the link ! your personality type is : entp preference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) clear extraversion : 17/21 clear intuition : ... one of me being a clown and one selfie . enjoy : wink : 441338 4413 46 how to add yourself to the list : please use reply with quote on the latest post with a table remove the [ quote ] [ / quote ] tags from the post so the next person can qupte the updated table ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ter0p_iyIxk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Nfg-WC7YY0 is three parties too much for you ? happiest entp careers and why ? thank you for that , it was beautifully written and brought a tear to my eye ... : laughing : i appreciate that . to what corporeal extent could you possibly conceptualise someone on this site though ? isn't that part of the beauty of it ? that you can achieve a basic insight of a person from ... if robots constantly have things to say that i find interesting enough , i would still be willing to listen . it's all about ' hitting the right spots ' in a manner of speaking . i agree with what you ... i saw it in the same light to be honest with you . although there were parts open to interpretation , so i thought i would act on that and come out with something to say . i quite enjoy stirring the ... not being funny mate , but does one explicitly need an avatar or an about me section to express ideas and opinions ? surely you've just elevated yourself to a mental state of superiority by now having ... if you would structure all of your writing and ideas in the exact same way as a very famous writer , maybe you should try writing . you might have a bit of a hidden talent ;) good question . i would rather persuade someone else to do it for me though ;) hi everyone , i'm the new kid . since this is a cafe ; i want you all to know that in my personal value system , hazelnut lattes are pretty damn high . :) i suppose the only natural thing to say , is ... '