' just put them in front of the tv or give them a tablet to play with . ( kids nowadays ) . make them some grilled cheese sandwiches , throw in some broccoli and a little bourbon in their juice and ur set . enfjs like verbal affirmations . tell him / her that you like their clothing style and how it's different from most people . alaskan husky super late , but here's my response nonetheless . i actually had a woman try to do the french thing with the kisses . i got through about 2 cheek kisses then i just felt ridiculous and simultaneously ... really ? 3 years later fairies ? i always thought of infps as unicorns . very rare almost to the point of mythicism , but i know almost instantly when im interacting with an infp . i know because i always want to hug them mid ... ah so true . if a girl is playing too many games especially early on , i will quickly lose interest . what motivates me ? when i look in the mirror and i don't like what i see . time to exercise ! it also helps if there's a specific goal in mind ie marathon , strong man competition , something . i feel your pain bro . i'm in the same boat , but i can only feign interest for so long . when i speak to people , i can tell that they can tell i'm a little off socially as i care little for social ... i have 2 enfp sisters . enfps are ok , they just talk too damn much . and they always want to talk all the time . got one at 24 before my auto . i live in an area where a car isn't really necessary , but if you have a moto it's a lot easier and more fun to get around . totally worth it . a manager where i work said i looked like i'd slit his throat in his sleep . made me lol . my previous military background is well known , so i really could do it , which makes it funnier . well , funny ... kinda late to the party but whatever i'll add my 2 cents . my self confidence comes from things i've done . military and hobbies . i know my shit and more importantly i know i'm the shit so i don't ... in my experience , the best way to answer a question is to avoid it . how old are you ? - grown . - old enough to rent a car , but not old enough to collect social security . - ladies first ( if she does ... intp + intj : gtf away from me entp : cool enfp under the age of 25 : emotionally unstable , needy , clingy infp : cool entj + enfj : nothing for , nothing against aye . thanks for your input . so maybe i should send her a fb message and find out whats what ? you guys and your crazy ideas always contradicting yourself took a nap , woke up , scratched my balls and went back to sleep . ( say with a straight face for maximum effect ) . they wont ask you this question ever again . it's not a crime , bit sometimes it definitely feels like it is . most people i talk to think there's something wrong with people who don't want to transfer their legacy to their heir . my parents ... i understand that but she put her first and last name in my phone . most girls just use their first name . maybe it was the alcohol . got a girl's number at a bar saturday night . called it today and turns out it's a fake number . the kicker is that when i got her number , she entered her full name . i mean who does that . ran her name ... i'd say the major difference is theory vs doing . wheb i thought i was an intp , my coworkers would come to me with projects , and my first instinct was to try it first ; i wanted to put it into action ; ... im not in a trade per se , but im in the security industry . i have military training in personal security during my time in iraq . i can't really use the deadly tactics i've learned , but i carry that ... idk . my only loss of of control is in the form of anger in which the level of bullshit exceeds the maximum alloted limit where i lose all faculties and release my vengeance upon my inteded target ... i wanted to become a soldier , and i did that so i guess my life is complete . i never have and i never will . after a breakup i go no contact , delete everything and unfriend on all social media sites . i essentially cut the person out of my life , thus making it nearly impossible ... where's the drink option . i like to have a couple then listen to music and sleep . talking with the stranger next to me isn't really something i'd do , but i'd keep it cordial and perhaps engage in ... how are you what's wrong are you okay you look pissed so today i ... blah blah blah - people who get really excited about stupid stuff just to get my attention - people who ask me a question but ... i use my ni as a gut instinct in dealing with people and situations . sometimes to determine whether or not i will be compatible with a person , which happens almost instantaneously . i also use it in ... i learned how to drive in the army . there wasn't any official training ; they just put me behind the wheel and said drive . :D lol , just the way i like it . hell yea i would ! ! - when someone thanks me for something i do what i can , when i can . - when someone mentions they don't like me i cannot express in words how little i don't give a shit . - someone tried to ... i know this is incredibly late , but im the one who's second from the left in both photos . now that i realize i'm actually istp , my clothing option makes more sense . entp . looking back , throughout my adventures , both drunken and sober , most , if not all of them have been entps . theyre down for shenanigans and have crazy ideas , which im down for too . 1 ) would you read philosophy to understand yourself or the world better ? i once tried to read a philosophy book . i got 2 pages into it and got bored . 2 ) do you find science interesting and what ... well , sensing in general is not about conformity . i think you are confusing the rest of us with sjs . sensing is about interacting within your environment while intuiting is about taking in your ... depends . i work as a bouncer / doorman and i usually have to choose my words carefully based on the clientele . people i work with usually think i'm polite , but that's only because i want to maintain ... i wouldn't say i shun things because they're not popular , i just shun things i dont like . im not going to listen to a song or an artist i dont like because it's popular . nor will i wear clothes that ... krazy . i've been here 4xs as many years and have less than 10 % of your posts . ( and yes , i eyeballed the math to make sure ) . so . i've recently made a discovery . apparently , if you're someone who is considered cool or attractive and if you don't speak to anyone , you are considered to be stuck up or full of yourself . on the ... i had literally the same problems in school which is why i hated it so much . in elementary , half of school is academic while the other half is academic . i had one friend outside of school , and ... ask yourself how badly u wanna get laid the avatar was of a female . you're a male ... so your dark side is a transexual ? ? i'm just saying . i pretty much fail at anything that requires eye hand coordinator . probably why i suck at fighting and rts games and prefer rpgs . i know what i want to happen , but somewhere between the thought ... all about the eyes . i saw a girl today ... prettiest fuckin eyes i've seen in awhile . mesmerizing green eyes ... had to compose myself as tupac said , we tired of being scapegoats for this capitalistic drug dealin / how hypocritical is liberty / that blind bitch aint never did shit for me / coffee . energy drinks make me unnecessarily anxious this pretty much sums it up for me . also include the fact that i don't like to always wear a mask . when i'm alone i don't need to pretend for anyone . '