let's talk about sexy pyjama pants ;) this is why we can't have fun ! haha ... i'm currently dating an entp ... let me tell you how good our communication is ... pot ... i'm wondering why you didn't post the topless delilah video ... clearly the better choice :P what do you kill in your car ... those are some serious slash marks on the roof ... and cheers for the excellent blood stain removal ;) probably why i don't tend to get close to heavy metal music listeners ... my brain just isn't wired for that crap ... as with any flawed individual ... so that includes everyone ... we have to work on improving ourselves every day .. it depends whether or not one wishes to improve or just continue living life hurting ... i enjoy simon and garfunkel and nwa ... but not usually one after the other ... that would totally screw with my moods you would definite need a personal reason to listen to that song over and over ... hope you feel better soon ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sX9DgavXiN4 last one tonight ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WeXPKcdAhkA you're an entp ... we're always interesting ! ! ! it's actually completely futile , because i'm not dating . ahhh .. i never thought of it this way ... i will keep it in mind for future relationships .. and if it seems monogamy isn't working .. then maybe i'll try it out i've dated two intj's .. one was possibly the worst sex i've ever had .. can't imagine wishing it upon someone else and the other one ... i could see him being ok with it .. but i can't even imagine how i ... i think the girl could wear anything and look good .. she's gorgeous .. wasn't meant as a put down at all ... sorry for my entp bluntness scale tip ;) i think you have your threads mixed up we accept tangents here ... i personally could do without creepy though ... did you look around for a hidden camera ? aren't we all sitting here naked ? ? sounds like you're a good match ! ! i'm full of contradictions ;) i always got nauseous on the swing ride at the fair ... must be linked ;) i don't know how i feel about it ... i've never tried . i can't see it working as a long term relationship ... more as a fun fling .. or series of flings ... if we feel that something is important to us ... it is .. whether or not anyone else thinks it's important or not ... and we tend to only care about genuine feelings from others ... she likely thinks her ... i have a tank top on .. and my mind isn't down there ... even though it does seem to be at times ;) that's it ? ? that's all ya got ? where's your imagination ? ? i was not aware ! ! you look more like a jonas than he does though ! ! thank you for the explanation ... makes complete sense now ... i missed the orgasmic shirt ... i see why you get along well then ;) .. you look like you could be the fourth jonas brother .. this is meant as a ... i don't think chains would need to be used for anything but fun ! two entp's that could come and go as they please ... isn't that perfection ? i'm sorry ... what else might you use them for ? ? ? well that was short lived ;) haha .. every other weekend from boise , idaho to ontario , canada ... sounds perfect to me ! ! you are the best confidant ever ! i hope your hike / picnic is a perfect start to a fun filled , memorable day ! ! love ya lots ! ! ! tons of birthday hugs and kisses , amy how old is this pic ? why is the intp girl wearing mom jean shorts ? ? awww thanks drmiller 100 , i have a hard enough time finding one boyfriend ... seems that guys don't want to have an every other weekend relationship ! ! ! lol dmack ... u missed my last post :) where's psyphon when u need him ... lol what do you do to relax ? ? ugh ... i asked this almost three years ago ... clearly in a very different place ... what was i thinking ? ? ? ! ! ! lettusaurus ... you need to post some of the stuff you listen to on here ... i'm listening to dateline nbc right now ... because i'm waiting for blue bloods lettusaurus i'm flattered : blushed : and equally as happy to chat with you : tongue : i'm not sure how i was included with the cold hearted clan ... but i will answer the romantic nonsense ... how do you display admiration to the members of the opposite gender ? in which ways ? ... maybe one day i'll want to learn more about it ... but i'm too distracted by other things right now ... i love it when freaky things like that happen ... thanks for sharing :) everytime i read ne ni fe or whatever and dom ... fi fi fo fum gets stuck in my head ... and i'm done ... still copying the biebs ... lol jk ;) huh ? ? ? iustinus i don't think anyone has ever insulted me like that ever before in my life ... lol ... i'm a well developed entp ! ! !