' well then . you're advising people to relax . i like that . telling people to be themselves when one means to tell them to relax is cryptic and misleading however . it's much simpler and more helpful ... be yourself is the biggest load of bullshit ever . it implies that your character and mannerisms are pre-programmed and if you somehow deviate from your programming , s-y-s-t-e-m malfunction ... you believe the fucking living shit out of them ! ! ! i enjoyed catchtwenty 2wo ' s reply . i'm an enfp and i'm incredibly hard-headed and stubborn . i wish everyone around me could see the positives more than the negatives in almost any given situation , and ... from what i can tell , you're most definitely depressed . and if all enfps are alike in this regard , you won't know you're depressed till you're in so deep , you won't remember what it was like to be ... i can't think of anything . the only subject i'm ever afraid of discussing is my emotions . even then , i eventually go on a drunken emotional rampage , once every year or two . it's interesting what you ... absolutely untrue . i find that when i see people again after not seeing them for a long time , i'm often treated like a stranger by someone i consider a friend . the bonds i form with people don't ... strategy > tactic . if i ever found myself legally bound by a us marriage certificate to a woman i no longer wished to spend my life with , i would change identity and start life somewhere new . the ... i know a few entps and i swear not a single one of them can control their need to fuck with people . i know exactly how my house is laid out and i can tell if anything is out of place , and it pisses me off when something is out of place . i have a specific place for everything . i get mad every time ... it can stop , but it usually doesn't . not just enfps but humans in general are typically programmed to dream of bigger and better . only once you break the hold the material world has over you , can you ... you sound like a profound person and you never truly know what is driving someone . the longer it drags on , the more someone will get hurt . give her a day to make up her mind . i have yet to meet an entp who doesn't enjoy fucking with people on a regular basis . in fact , all of the entps i know can't help themselves . i have several stages , that are different for people i share a bond with and people i barely know . stage ii only occurs if the issue was never resolved after stage i . also , this only applies to ... do you regularly enjoy fucking with people ? this is the part where i stopped reading . do it . travelling is fucking amazing . working 9-5 is as boring as staring at a pile of horse shit . people will always want you to conform , but you know what ? ... sex , drugs , alcohol , and lots of ' em . they help maintain the illusion that you don't need to be loved . i've never fallen madly in love at first sight with an infj . it usually takes a degree of pretense , conscious or otherwise for that to happen anyway , and infjs are typically the most profound and ... my entire life , i've always dreamed of being a better and better person . healthy infjs have this way of showing me that i have no clue what it means to be a good person . no frame of mind is quite as ... the environment is capable of convincing individuals of any type , that you have to be a certain way in order to survive . and sometimes individuals struggle between morality and survival , but most ... i find that enfps are typically excellent learners from exemplary education . if you have any confident and assertive friends or family , spend more time with them . you will subconsciously pick up the ... thank you to everyone who's shared their advice . i appreciate it all . this post is by far the most helpful . it got me thinking deeply . i don't know . proposing hasn't crossed my mind . i don't ... hi . so about a year ago , i met my childhood best friend for the first time in over two decades , and after one thing led to another , i ended up staying with her . she has a 7 year old boy who i'm ... assuming the exercise is out of the person's comfort zone . istp / intp = calm / calculated focus . estp / entp = controlled / calculated frenzy . there's also enneagram types to take into consideration ... when you find yourself explaining to your boss why you suddenly had to leave on a 3 week holiday without taking leave of absence . ^ feels like a fish in a tree , every time he goes out into the real world . also is probably contemplating suicide after his disastrous grammatical hiccup . step 1 . stroke the ego . step 2 . question ability . step 3 . compete . seems to work on competitive peeps in general . ^ probably has someone in their life who genuinely thinks they are a psychopath . that someone is probably right . we already established that people with high iqs will not necessarily give birth to children with high iqs . it's no different for height and looks . also , height , beauty or even health aren't a ... incorrect . the maybe you suggest is the opposite of the maybe that's practiced in medicine . not necessarily . perhaps you have yet to figure how you can help humanity , and this topic is your ... my point exactly . you're contradicting yourself . on the one hand , you are saying the majority of people need to be weeded out as they are stupid , and on the other , you are suggesting that since they ... incongruent hypocritical troll with double standards . that about covers everything you said . the problem is , unless you're willing to reason out your argument and share it with me , i can't do much ... intentions are never in black and white , only actions are . i will give you something though . i did need to have my hand held for me to get on topic . i have a hard time backing down from confrontation ... like i said , i wasn't trolling you , but you're going to believe what you want to believe and clearly have little to no intention of backing up your accusation , so there really is no point in ... it's difficult . i'm very good at dealing with emotions as long as there aren't too many , because i can only process so much at a time . when i'm overloaded with emotions , i feel extremely ... it's no wonder you so desperately want to keep me around , when you're no more than a troll with petty insults in her arsenal . i suggest you address the one person who is politely trying to keep your ... no , i'm not lost , nor was i trolling . i'm not particularly concerned with your desire for exclusivity , or your conditional acceptance of outsiders , or your rules . in any case , don't worry about me ... your initial response was more than enough evidence of the fact that i didn't psyche you up . i don't look for validation in others , but i appreciate the assumption . for a second , you had me thinking ... what specifically is arrogant about giving birth ? i'd give you a rebuttal , but your statement isn't specific enough . so you agree that there is no guarantee that eugenics will weed out ... i don't place a lot of value on typology . i was just trying to psyche you up into facing your emotions , because yes , i assumed you'd have an easier time taking over a country than doing that , and yes ... the entire notion is arrogant . you think you or your equals have what it takes to decide who should get to live and who shouldn't . and how exactly would you measure someone's intelligence ? do ... you're not living up to the stereotype if you aren't licking your lips at what may be the biggest challenge you could ever face . are you really going to let emotions keep you hiding behind denial or ... ti looks inside for processing thoughts . te looks outside when processing thoughts . te is more likely to agree with the environment as it's pretty much anchored to it , while ti is more likely to ... i'm sorry to burst your bubble but life isn't something that requires your consent . your arrogance has blinded you to the extent that you've come to value the results of an iq test ( incomplete and ... iq is a poor test of intelligence . stimulate them emotionally and enfps are probably easier to manipulate than most other types . we tend to lose the bigger picture and focus on all the little things one at a time when we're ... so basically people with characteristics you despise . as for the topic , i only came in here to read a specific post resonpding to the op . eugenics is based on ignorance and will only breed more ... absolutely . ignorance limits people more than anything else i can think of . honestly and sincerely teaching people is perhaps the only way forward . it's not so much that i fail to learn a lesson , but rather that i believe there are always variables at play that i wasn't aware of the first time . the way i see it , i may do what appears to be the ... i understand but disagree with you based on my personal definition of what a friend is and what a lover is . a lover is someone i have a mutually romantic relationship with , while a friend to me , is ... '