sli-si nah i think you're on the si-ne axis . infp or isfj is more likely . sp / so yeah you are correctly typed estp 9w8 sp / so 9w1 5w4 4w3 sp / sx no ? which type would it better suit ? ^ ^ yes tinyheart , you are very correctly typed well yeah , 5 is super introverted , but 4 is a double withdrawn type . 5 is withdrawn and power / control oriented ( there's a better word for this ) . 717978 this graph ( credit owlet ) does a good job ... yeah because of the awesome signature if your looking for the most withdrawn i'd go with 4w5 sp / sx or so / sp lol sli would be istp but istj in socionics / functionally , the socionics equivalent of istp would be lsi . i'm not suprised it ... sx / so , maybe 6w7 ? i could see maybe a 9w8 fix somewhere in there but i'm not sure 717826 7178 18 could anyone see 9w1 so / sp ( or 1w9 sp / so i suppose ) for me rather than 9w1 sp / so ? i feel like 9w1 works and sp / so works , but together they do not work . a lot of the 9w1 sp / so descriptions focus on ... yeah probably yeah , so blind is the instinctual varient thing , corresponds with people with sp / sx sx / sp varients . as for the line between dom and aux fe , there's kind of a big spectrum . socionics covers it a ... sle-se yes to above ! november 7w8 would go better with esfp but isfp isn't impossible oh really ? i don't know , i thought the first draft was super condescending , i suppose my social anxiety's playing tricks again with my head then . good , you've been pretty nice to me on this forum ... infp 4w5 looks like you've been sipping on some really nice se stereotypes . these are more so attributed to se misfires rather than actual se behavior when portrayed in an excessive way , but all types can be ... ooh that's a first , i've never really considered se in my stack ( besides during my naiive infj stage ) . what makes you say se ? also to poster above : perhaps certainly is possible , but i'm too lazy to look through your posts and gurentee it i think so 716929 perhaps isfp . eh intj or isfp from your general vibe actually yeah sli-te * * skip me * * i have a good feeling you are an entp ( personally , that was always the vibe i got ) . from what i'd seen from you prior to you typing esfj ( which , granted , hasn't been that much ) , you ... hello all , i was curious to see where the correlation was between oldhams personality styles and mbti / enneagram . if i get enough of a response , i might to a statistical analysis , but who knows if ... edit : ah the errors in spelling hurt my soul hello all , i was curious to see where the correlation was between oldhams personality styles and mbti / enneagram . if i get enough of a response , i ... 9w1 4w5 7w6 i mean i kind of questioned when you were typed an intp but this doesn't seem correct either . who knows though , could be wrong . 6w5 eh maybe not yes you are definitely an infp 4w5 eternally yes i'm certainly not new to mbti ( i've been studying it for a little over 4 years now ) , but am quite tentative typing myself . i do lack the strong sense of self ( and passion ) that usually accompanies ... so : 22 sp : 32 sx : 19 yup , super sp and super sx blind social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either ... ( a gun or maybe so poison so i wouldn't have to deal with downfall of humanity ) if i wasn't the first to die ... solo : flamethrower / flame gun : i'm nor really coordinated , so hand held weapons are ... depends on the temperament . i have one enfp friend who i really like because he makes me feel less bad about failing to recognize references in everyday life . he has a great sense of humor and is ... most likely sei-si yeah , you are correct personally i really like chartuese and goldenrod and i'm probably an enfp . most of the high fe male friends i've had all really like the color blue which is sort of a weird correlation maybe i was having a conversation with my istj and extp ( estp probably ) friends and analysis of people came up . the estp said that he found it relatively easy to figure people out . if you start with ... i didn't have to watch more than ten seconds to know you were an isfp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCg-F4xkLtE&index=106&list=PLHVO2llkNknm7WHjk4nrg6ix9q4CJHGFu