' alright , i will finish the story j he never called me , which i guess me turning away in the car was a sign to him i wasn ’ t interested anymore . we both seemed to move on with our lives . i got ... sorry i keep getting busier ! ! ! picking up from where i left off . i was fairly confident this guy was an enfp . when realizing that his facebook page commented on how he was so confused about who ... okay . i will update this . i have been busy lately :) alright , i will move on to after high school . we chose different colleges but similar colleges ( both small and private around the ... i can't believe it either . i guess he was able to put on a façade that he has really happy when he really wasn't . what was your favorite robin williams film ? i still love mrs . doubtfire . he was ... i think every season brings its joys as well as things we don't like . i couldn't live anywhere that doesn't have the changes in the seasons my isfj mother always has trouble with directions . every time i go somewhere with her we have to take the same route or she'll get frustrated because she feels lost . me put me out in the middle of ... just out of curiosity . is grabbing a woman around the waist and pulling her to your side something you do with your female friends ? this enfp male i went to high school with . we weren't really ... i have been wanting to get this off my chest for a long time . i am still sorting through my thoughts . i have to explain about 14 years worth of experiences , so i will break this up onto different ... i was just recently told by a married man who i also believe is an infj that he wished that he was about twenty years younger and single because he really liked me and wished he could date me . i ... my fantasy came when i was 14 . it was funny . i wasn't looking for a boyfriend . actually , i hated boys at that age because that was shortly after i was molested . i made up my mine that i was going ... what i thought was funny is how our 30 something year old pastor was going to have a class with people who were not millennials on why millennials aren't coming to church to find out the reasons ... there have been a few moments in my life that i think are beyond coincidental ...   ... i know i'm not an enfp , but i can't believe how much of this i relate to as an infj . - get lonely at times ( definitely . even though i'm naturally an introvert and very independent , there are many ... yes , i have always had body image issues . unfortunately , growing up i went through puberty early ( so acne , body forming , etc . came early ) . also , my teeth were horribly arranged until i was able to ... i can relate . i always thought i would be alone . growing up , i felt alone because everyone ( parents , teachers , classmates ) held me on a pedestal . i had to be the role model for everyone else . ... a . no , everything happens for a reason . if you mess with the past , you are messing with what is meant to be . what is meant to be is better than what your expectations are . q . if you had the ... there are times i feel lonely and then other times more fulfilled than others . the more in my head i am , the happier i am . sometimes when i am more in reality and in a more extroverted mode , i feel ... even though i tested infj , i was 50 % t and 50 % f , so i guess i'm the best of both worlds :) maybe i should provide some background to my post . when i was in college , everyone at least accepted everyone , even if they weren't their best friend . after graduating from college , this is what i ... i'm 27 and never been in a relationship . there is a lot of reasons for that which is a whole other post . hope do i cope with it ? first , i would rather see myself single for the rest of my life ... i have noticed that when i went to college people seemed to be so accepting of others and comfortable in their own skin . after graduating from college , it is like everyone has reverted back to ... i haven't been told i am intimidating but i can see by people's reactions that they feel intimidated . i think it is because i appear so serious and driven most of the time . once people start to get ... 1 ) not feeling i need a relationship-i have been independent as long as i can remember . honestly , i don't know what it would be like to actually do something with another person or rely on another ... i have a mba . i plan to pursue a phd in educational leadership next year . go back to school or work at a college as well as taking classes at the local library , dance classes , etc . many infjs love school and love to learn . go to church or another religious institution . ... i'm sorry . i met empathy not sympathy . sorry for the confusion . i think everyone to some degree can sympathize with others . i had this conversation with my isfj mother and she said she always felt the weight of the world's problems on her shoulders . what i ... honestly , i have been the exact opposite . i have always been a very motivated person . it never really took much to motivate me . now , that i'm out of college , i notice that i don't seem as ... i'm almost 27 and i've never dated . i also know another suspected infj who is almost 29 and she has never dated . you're not alone . honestly , i'm grateful i didn't earlier . if i would have ... 21 . we are either taken to a place where this no more suffering . where we will have eternal happiness . or we are taken to a place where the suffering is even worse than this world . however , i ... 11 . when you can accept your flaws . realize you can never be perfect . that there is nothing wrong with you . to accept your insecurities , knowing that these insecurities and flaws make you a ... wow ! ! these are some pretty heavy questions ! ! i'll take a stab at a few . 1 . i am a person who wants to leave some type of mark on humankind before i leave this place . 2 . yes , god is a being ... the only dance i attended in high school was prom . even then i didn't stay the whole time . the only reason i attended both years is because my mother gave me the speech on how she always regretted ... i did very well in school . one i loved to learn . two i had a goal . when i was in junior high , i went to my cousin's graduation . i watched the valedictorian give their speech . i told my mom that ... my real type intj ( which i have tested almost borderline on the f and t ) . my ideal type entj . amen to this . i always hated that people held me on some type of pedestal . it drove me to absolute insanity at times and there have been many times i felt very lonely because i couldn't really be ... the comments that people have said to me over the years that have been the most hurtful are the following ( fyi i don't think just infjs would be hurt ) ... 1 . you look weird . 2 . what's wrong ... i love this . thanks for sharing . i could really use this somedays . i love this . thanks for sharing . i could really use this somedays . as an infj , i find myself getting disappointed in people all the time . i try to remind myself people aren't perfect , but i can't help but get disappointed and even want to shut certain people out . ... i agree with kyrielle . actually , i don't think people should be given a life sentence . they are just going to die in prison anyway and we are spending a lot of taxpayer money trying to support ... i always wanted to grow up in the 60 ' s . i have always felt drawn to the nonviolent protesting . i wished i could have been a part of it . well , minus the drugs and the sex :) i probably have hurt other infjs and other types because i can be opinionated and passionate about things . in one way that is good , but in another it is bad . i've actually made people cry when i get ... i don't know if this applies to other infjs but the hardest friendships i think are between infjs . i can easily develop a friendship with a secure infj . however , finding a young secure infj is hard ... did that today ! 1 . volunteering . 2 . rainy days . 3 . eating ( especially fast food or junk food ) . 4 . ballroom dancing . 5 . listening or playing music or singing . 1 . i have been through a lot ( deaths , abuse , betrayal , threats , harassment , battles with depression , etc . ) for being under 30 . even though , i am only 26 ( soon to be 27 ) , i feel like i am 50 . some ... things i find attractive in someone ... people who wear glasses . it is funny . i have heard from people throughout my life that i should get contacts because i would be prettier . however , ... it depends on the week . one friday a month i drive back to my mom's house which is a little over two hours away and stay the weekend to see my dad who is in a nursing home , my grandmother who has a ... i know the feeling . i used to go to lunch with coworkers just to be somewhat social . first , at times conversations ended up being slamming an individual or a particular office which i absolutely ... '