' a sense of urgency isnt something that is high up with intj's about upcomming dates and events . if the guy next to you got bit by a snake he would leap into action to make sure everything was under ... not a direct reply here to this guy but just highlighting what he said . ask him directly and i do not joke . if he is intj he will give you a straight up answer if he has decided anything . sup , fellow intj here stereo types are illogical and have no practical use in the world . other then humor its useless . no need for formalities in a place like this since everyone here is pretty ... around my close group of friends i am pretty much 100 % loose . hell people could mistake me as a full on extravert if all they see is how i act around my friends . drinking and games + that feel when ... so guys just now i have been speculating my behaviour for the last two months and i just realised i have been almost entirely extraverted then and its mainly because i learn't to just let loose at ... first off im an intj and i use hairgell to spike up my hair because i literally look unapproachable unless i do it . my natural looks are below average . reason i do this is because i like to study ... have you tried heavy rain ? its a great story that your actions can steer in which way it heads . its 1 of 2 video games where i know your actions in it change its direction . you do have a bit of ... i own a cardboard cover case on ps2 of it . i know :p roud : dam good it was . ico was pretty good also . slow pull huh ? that explains a bit . but with the hobbit it just yanked me in after 20 pages . i was just sitting around thinking i should get off my butt and finish the fellowship of the ring as i am only half way but i can't get off the video games . im not addicted in the sense i literally ... 1 . ) genius : definitely 2 . ) psychopaths : around my friends most of the time 3 . ) no feelings : oh i have them but i don't show them . i hate making decisions on feelings unless im talking to a chick i ... i came out to one of my friends that im bi and what followed was a little silence , awkwardness then jokes and a shitload of them . really i didn't find it hard at all and we just laughed at it . i was ... explain how marriage isnt just a contract that comes with benifits then . and also as i have pointed out tbe definition of marriage has broadened to allow gay couples also . also there is no wife in a ... what does biology have to do with marriage ? marriage as said before is a social contract . doesn't have to be male / female only . im sorry but what is the point your trying to prove here ? if your ... quick iq test - good questions this thread is not to make fun or pick at others but i just want to see the highest and lowest iq's and get a idea what our collective iq is . this test takes little ... dictionary.com 1 . a . the social institution under which a man and woman establish their decision to live as husband and wife by legal commitments , religious ceremonies , etc . antonyms : separation . ... dictionary.com 4 . a protector or guardian . the free dictionary parent - definition of parent by the free online dictionary , thesaurus and encyclopedia . 1 . one who begets , gives birth to , or ... : crazy : my brothers and sisters , tonight we say good bye to to personality cafe 2.0 : crazy : and may we hope 3.0 will bring us even better times . : crazy : for my brief moment being in this ... it is very stupid to deny people rights just over a preference . what if everyone liked black choclate and people that liked white instead were denied health care just because they like white ? thanks first off , also there are benifits of blending into the crowd . while i do not share the bigot / biased beliefs of a normal society there are many benifits that can improve your life just by ... aw well . one of the reasons why i like facebook is im interested in studying how society works and not just the financial / political side of it . mainly the social side . one day i may write a book on ... i leave this thread for a week and a troll takes over ... so if i understand this because homosexuals cannot procreate they should be denied the right to be officially together ? ... i became interested in understanding how my friends socialize , what they reckon is morally and ethically right , how they structure there conversations etc and that is why i like facebook . just click ... is that neal patrick harris ? those kids are gonna be pimps . are you sure your an intp ? no offense to esfp's but this sounds like them when they think they know what there talking about when there not . oh and its impossible for homosexuality to be a disease ... i suck at being social . for the past 4 months i have studied and observed my class mates and how they socialize but i still suck at it . unless the person is slightly younger or older then me i can't ... even if you have protected sex can you still get aids ? so next time im alone with them i tell them im bi ? just like that ? what happens after ? please explain how it is linked to anal sex . could it not be as equally transmitted via vaginal intercourse ? is it possible for me to be a 4w5w9 ? they all match me so well . also if i can have a description of this tri-types that would be good otherwise i am going to have to put off researching into tri ... alright this is not to start an arguement but i need insight on the whole gays = aids shit . as my understanding aids was brought to light when a string of gay men in america was dieing due to a ... crap posted in wrong thread with this ... and no delete button ... hmmm ... just skip this ... lol how i view them is that of a cute little curious puppy . you just want to help it and nurture it . am i still intj that now i like when someone shows positive socialness towards me ? i don't have my so what attitude anymore . not sure if good or bad but i go back to my agressive intj state the ... my head wont stop hurting . i ate , drink and it wont stop . 3.5 litres of water 3 nutritinal planned meals and it wont stop to allow me to indulge in my personal study's . oh and im feeling ... * facepalm * intj and im a open agnostic . there is no evidence that says god is real but there is also none that say's he isn't and there is also the chance the evidence may surface one day and when that day ... i cracked up laughing . i just want to stay friends with my friends . i got a homophobe , artist and a bro i guess you can call him . one has a gf , the bro is out hanging with other guys checking out ... in todays world its hard to find a nice guy . my chances of getting with the kind of guy i want are lower then getting laid by a chick . that guy is pretty hot but so are those women . hmmm i demand more pics for research society with its close-mindedness , bigotry and ignorance makes me want to rage . it depends on what the intj has concluded about life really . i used to be such an asshole but with the study and interest in socioncs i can see how just putting on a smile could improve how much you ... intj's do good also : sad : ohhh ... man i feel like a dick . :( your logical fallacy is black-or-white i think your logical fallacy is slippery slope may also be counted but im not sure . but he did use black and white . there are more then 2 ways . your not considering other possibilities . there have been some where they just had no attraction to women even though they had no gay experiences in the past . just wondering but do i owe it to some of my friends to tell them im bi ? i have done lots of recent thinking and because of some recent events that will damage my reputation if i come out will it be ... its a possibility but don't assume this for all homo's . if this has any truth to it i will put my money on its a minority out of the gay population . just to get a better understanding here when it comes to religion stuff your against but you harbor no ill attitude towards them personally ? i mean are you aggressive if a known homosexual comes up ... it makes me laugh when i see christians being hypocrites . you speak of a all loving god who is accepting and that made everything yet you damn those that he makes . are we not all made in his image ? ... '