' ... this might be a question for people older than myself ... i'm 25 and i've realized after a recent breakup that i'll continually lose the ones i love as i grow older ... it's inevitable . i can ... i have yet to learn how to control my emotions . they often have the better of me . i don't really think they're for us to control though because they're important signals that teach us how to be ... i feel like i am begging . i'm terrible at giving people space . my painful emotions take over and all other considerations are out the window . it's always been something i have to practice . he didn't ... you're very wise if i may say that haha . i honestly enjoy our conversation . perhaps it's your infj side speaking to mine or because you're another person trying to understand . i feel very lonely at ... your words are very elegant and thoughtful . thank you . you've made me feel a little more understood and less alone . i just feel like i'm being tortured because he's going to be another person in my ... those are the exact two points i was considering . what would you have done ? i told him in the letter that i've never felt that kind of pain thinking i wouldn't be able to be a good boyfriend to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZmwhbJnV05I i'm hoping his pride is not getting in the way , but it is one explanation . i just think if he cares about me he wouldn't let something like pride get in the way . if i was in his shoes i would ... why are fi types better at getting through emotions faster ? i'm a pretty accurate infj and i think because i understand emotions i have the need to deal with them immediately instead of hiding them ... i understand what you mean by finding consistency in the way someone cares about someone and that everyone shows affection differently , but there's a difference between caring for someone and caring ... hi there , it's late and i'm just hoping tomorrow will be a better day . perhaps you can help me out with that ? thanks in advance for the kind words and advice . i broke up with my bf late may ... i do such a bad job at managing stress . my anxiety makes me stressed all the time , but i try my best . if i'm dealing with something extremely stressful i like to take myself out of the situation . go ... my bf tells me i'm a super nice person . i'd like to think my passion for my career and my ability to deeply love is attractive . i think the answer is to follow your intuition . personally i can't control whether or not i want something more than friendship with someone in the future . i'd suggest keeping your heart open . it's ... that's why i don't jump into relationships because it's rewarding to find someone who can care for you correctly , but the wrong kind of care is taxing physically and mentally . i don't think my list ... i think a lack of appreciation is a common relationship issue . i know my intj bf loves hearing compliments and knowing he made me happy . i want to learn to acknowledge him in those ways more . he also ... you've described my idea of a relationship . i want to intertwine with my partner and let them see what i see . i could care less if anyone else sees what i see . it's a gift when your partner is ... i understand what you mean about only a few people understanding and loving you correctly . i feel like it's hard to find someone who can sense when i'm down . usually it only happens when i'm ... i'm not sure if you mean graduate or undergrad , but graduate school would judge you harder . although a good portfolio is a good portfolio so i'll share some of my thoughts . first of all , a ... artwork is and always will be subjective . something hung on the wall from ikea may be art to one person and not to the next . personally i draw the line at crafts / decoration and design . decoration ... i'm not sure how that would work in a relationship . what do you see as a nice gesture then ? what actions do people do that make you feel good or happy ? newmango ... i've never met anyone who'd ... i think i'm simple as well , but the simple needs are harder to fulfill than you might think . i'm not asking for money or someone to cook for me . i can be happy just having someone to listen to me and ... my bf and i are pretty similar in our needs , we appreciate genuine care and knowing we are there for each other . we don't mind being babied because we both know we are capable on our own . we can give ... that does sound like him . my bf tried bringing up something difficult one time when i was sharing a fear with him and he told me we should change the subject . i just get lost in the way he ... i'm in the midst of a breakup / re-relationship with an intj that doesn't always know how to best care for me . i'm curious , how do other infjs feel like they are being cared for by their partners ? ... i believe partners don't always know how to best care for each other so i'm vocal about my needs when they aren't being met . i do it in the nicest way possible and my bf ( intj ) is usually receptive ... it's weird , but i'm kinda in the same boat . although i'm trying to get my ex ( intj ) back after i broke up with him . i know this for sure , intj's appreciate concrete evidence . my ex ignored my ... this sounds so romantic . trust me i've had the same experience in my teens when i wasn't comfortable enough to go out and date men . i use to go online and search for prince charming . every once in a ... i've always found myself pretty random . being on this site on and off . on again starting yesterday . why ? who knows .. well i do , it's because i wanted to . i find it a type of control to be able to ... my thoughts are usually more coherent in my head than out loud . i'm a visual artist and find that visual language is more forgiving because speaking requires a definiteness that i don't really care ... i understand not everyone likes to reveal their deepest secrets , but i see my role as the person he would go to for stuff like that . isn't that what relationships are for ? i suppose it's partly my ... i broke up with my ex ( intj ) about 2 months ago and i recently decided i want him back . i was in a bad place and didn't think i'd be a good boyfriend anymore . he also wasn't picking up on how exactly ... i definitely have bad days where nothing seems to go right and happiness seems unfathomable . i often say the weather knows how i feel because when its gloomy or rainy i'm often sloth-like or down and ... i'm bias towards art that's handmade vs art that incorporates digital technology . i'm a bit frustrated because a lot of art schools these days seek students who are working with cameras , ipads , ... i believe the site below is free , i used it as an online portfolio . really easy to use and looks great . there's another similar one that i forget . cargocollective . com i actually hear this a lot from artists , i might be an exception for validating my own identity as an artist . i don't consider myself arrogant and i don't see artist as an envious label ... it's a ... i think for many artists including myself the objects we make bridge our realities with a shared reality . i believe the art itself often exists before ever obtaining an objective form . many artworks ... well everyone is both introverted and extroverted which is why it's hard to tell sometimes which is dominant for some people , although i'm sure many are quite balanced . i believe introverts tend to ... i kinda think all love is selfish to a degree whether it's unconditional or conditional , but of course love and attachment are two different things . to love something is to say you have them for a ... i practice unconditional love , but i don't know if anyone practices on me .. i believe unconditional love is being able to love someone without having to be near them . you wish them well even when they ... it seems like a lot of you infjs would say your partners balance you . i also seek this kind of balance in a partner , but is it wrong ? everyone says i need to be a whole person and i should not find ... it's funny but i'm usually attracted to people who seem like somethings bothering them or perhaps mysterious is the right word . my rule is to never date artists as i am one and the combination would ... i think lots of people have traumatic experiences whether as a kid or not , experiences compose an individual . i think i'm very needy , attached , and sentimental about the ones / objects i love because ... personally i think it's hard to lose myself because i always do things with a purpose . if you cannot find a good reason to be working then why do it ? some things you should give up while other ... i actually relate to your feelings a lot . i don't have a lot of friends either , but i have about 3 close ones . one of my bestfriends left about 2 years ago and it was one of the hardest breakups i ... i think i've cried most of it already right after he told me about his ex . it's been a long week . it was just so sudden , like a knife to the heart . then he texted me recently that he doesn't want me ... i went through somewhat of a breakup recently with a guy i knew for 2 months and i'm not sure how to feel at the moment . we weren't technically in a committed relationship but this guy had a hold on ... '