those arrogant douchebags you for some reason really enjoy as long as they're far away from you . dammit , i'm hungry too . but we don't have anything i eat in the house right now and i don't really have any money . wait , actually ... i have a few coins in my jacket . maybe that's enough for some ... how much i despise certain types of people . and that i now have a large unnaturally pink spot on the back of my neck which i hope will go away quickly . oh man , his accent . it's so obvious . xd i too would like to know his type , though . unfortunately i can't help at all . that this forum behaves very strangely for me and i can't figure out why . words will disappear from my posts after they've been published , quotes will change . it's really weird . hmm , yes , i can definitely see him as that . would you mind describing to me what exactly makes you think that ? i'm trying to learn more about this , you see . ^ ^ ' i haven't seen anyone mention helloween 4545 in this thread . unless they've used his full name , i only know his first name . he's pretty popular though , right ? i'd love it if anyone could try to figure ... how much pain i'm in at the moment . i think i just pulled a muscle trying to adjust my bra straps . damn , it really hurts . i don't think i've ever pulled a muscle before . i recently starting wearing a few rings . i just like the look of them , and if they don't get in my way they don't bother me much . they also give me something to fiddle with . i cannot wear bracelets ... ah , yes , i can certainly understand that it requires a lot from the performer . ^ ^ that's why i became so fascinated with wliia , improvaganza and the other shows . it's amazing how talented and quick ... oh , thank you , stephen . ^ ^ i really like your name , by the way . i'm feeling so lonely and invisible . the person i'm infatuated with has barely paid me any attention in a couple of weeks now and he's obviously not just busy . i know he likes me too , so would it ... ah , alright . then i understand . it sounded as if a recent event , possibly an argument with someone , had irked you and caused you to write this post to straighten out misconceptions . this was an ... i'm assuming this is excluding trans people , right ? i'm a bit lost , though . what exactly is this about ? i mean , besides being female and intp . it seems like you're countering something but i ... i'm surprised and confused i'm so entertained by a podcast that deals a lot with politics . maybe it helps that it's about foreign countries , but i don't know . it's still politics . politicians doing ... i have searched this forum and other websites to see what people think , but i haven't found much . i am very fond of most cast members of whose line is it anyway , drew carey's improvaganza , and ... i have absolutely no idea or guess myself , but i do feel like mentioning something i find a bit amusing . i have a tendency to befriend infps and i'm intp myself . other people have repeatedly pointed ... thank you both . cx so far everyone here seems really nice . wow , thank you all . ^ ^ i'm surprised at how welcoming this forum is . with this many people i didn't think one thread like this would get noticed . amulet of samarkand , eon and fablehaven do not ... i'm thinking about how i'm very tired but don't want to fall asleep , and what to watch on youtube to stay awake . also , comedians . hahahah , thank you all . x ) though i have no idea what you said , knife , if i'm honest . i'll just assume it's worth thanking you for . was that a reference to something , though ? what does it mean ? thank you , i appreciate it . ^ ^ , and thank you , cafebot ? i'm not sure if it's customary to thank bots or if one should just ignore them . ah well , thanks , i appreciate the greetings anyway . bot or ... hello there . i'm of the lurking type so i probably won't be posting very much , but i thought i would introduce myself anyway . so , yes , hello . ^ ^ i couldn't type someone even if my life depended ...