' the fact he's so focused on this one solution as well--not even accepting the possibility that the inquisitor is right and there's another way ( and not in that fatalistic and overdramatic way that ... well , i enjoyed that post , wintryghost . and having finished the game ( and played da2 and as much of origins as i could get through without feeling frustrated ) , i've certainly changed my mind on some ... deep , deep down , what type do you want to be ? what type do you most identify with ? what type gives you the most stimulation / pleasure ? in which type's flaws do you see yourself ? in which types ' flaws ... have you ever considered intp ? just asking . otherwise , i think infp over isfj . many of your isfj points actually point to higher ne / lower si , but a lot of your concern for finding the right ... daily mail is either entp or esfp , depending on whether the moral outrage is real or just cynicism . tumblr is enfp , chaotic and intersectional , combining wildly different ideas together . reddit ... i honestly don't know enough about shostakovich's life to make a clear determination . i am a bit skeptical based on that list of traits . why can't a sensor be authoritative ( i mean , people ... i strongly suspect people see ne in merlin because the actor has a lot of ne irl ... just watch the special where he and the actor playing arthur go for a road trip through arthurian wales . i ... well , what superpowers do they already have ? isfp : fortitude--turning their strength of conviction and tendency to put themselves in harm's way into a projective shield istp : technopath--using ... i think it's weak ni--there's no reason given , no rationale . it's a very general , broad prophecy that he doesn't really try to justify . what makes you think adam isn't estp ? he's definitely an se-ti user in some order--he has his own justifications and reasoning for his opinions and he's very much about creating things in the ... i actually think idubbbz is an enfp . it is te vs fe . i just can't see an fe user doing content cop . an entp would take a different tack--look at what entp jacksfilms does . that's fe , calling out , ... also his tendency to get stuck on things . recognizing that he can't just explain away puzzle pieces that don't fit as error but not giving up until he finds an alternate framework / perspective . his ... the thing about the isxj being traditional or conservative is that it's relative to one's self ( indeed , most really religious zealots tend to be sps , not sjs ) - - it's about finding meaning and ... i think you're in the right neck of the woods in the fj types . it's extraverted feeling all throughout your answers--especially how communicative and directive you are . i'm not getting introverted ... infp based on hazy memories of the days i was into rem 15-20 ish years ago . his paean to andy kaufman ( man on the moon ) strikes me as a particularly infp song . carrying this over from the avengers thread ... peter parker--entp . the man in the chair ( peter's best friend ) - - intp . it's the very inferior fe that makes me go intp > entp . he's felicity's ( from ... bumping this up for spider-man : homecoming . not sure of all the names of the characters . peter parker--entp the man in the chair ( peter's best friend ) - - intp adrian toomes ( the villain ) - - isfj ? i ... hey ! don't worry too much about not knowing from the start--a lot of tests , especially free tests online , tend to have problems . i actually get a strong isfp vibe from your answers , but let me ... no it , doesn't mean you're an se user . it's a behavior that doesn't have to do with cognitive processing . if you think it's at the level of interfering with your daily life , find a psychologist . considering that typing is , to a large degree , more about its relevance to you than being objectively locked into a box ( and the natural similarities between types with shared letters / functions ) , ... i'd agree with xstp . you get intp because you're smart . it's really easy to game questions like do you prefer working with ideas or things ? frankly , there's not enough self-doubt , self-criticism , ... can't speak for that website , but by those results , i'd say enfp or intj . seems to say n > f / t > s . beyond that , there's little to go on . fictional infjs are one of the hardest types for me to find main characters . sure , i can spit out some secondary characters , like : jodie ( daria ) vaughn ( alias ) gunnar ( nashville ) beverly barlowe ... entp the classical archetype is odysseus , but more contemporary representations include sean spencer ( psych ) , claudia donovan ( warehouse 13 ) , douglas fargo ( eureka ) , and felicity smoak ( arrow ) ... arg , yes ... but the point still stands . mozart , at least , is generally recognized as a sensor . unlike js bach , who generally gets typed intj because people know more about the romantic interpretation ... people seem to forget all the great thinkers / leaders / creatives who were sensors , from aristotle ( generally typed estj ) to mozart ( isfj ) , jeanne d'arc ( isfp ) to george washington ( istj ) . my ... well , i definitely see the introverted thinking--and you may be right that you're a few years off from figuring out ne vs se . put another way , i wouldn't rule out istp or intp from your answers , but ... it's certainly possible to change how you type yourself when you're figuring things out--heck , i took a test at 12 that typed me as intj and didn't realize how wrong it was for years . lots of high ... i just watched crashing on netflix , and the main love triangle involves two thinking women and a feeling man : lulu--estp kate--istj anthony--isfj there's some debate on his type , but finn from the new star wars movies is sometimes typed enfp . i think the main character in the kingsman movies--eggsy ( not sure on spelling ) is an entp . ... toby ( enfp ) and happy ( istp ) from scorpion . i hadn't read flower hat's post when i came to the same conclusion--from your answers , isfp seems a better fit than any of the np types . one thing in jung that's interesting and often relevant is ... a lot of people of all types tend to confuse interests with type ! you're not alone--i once typed a clear istp who was dead set that he was intp because he's a programmer . yeah , a lot of mbti books ... i need to compare daria ( infp ) and jane ( isfp ) from the cartoon daria because it illustrates what unicornrainbowlove is getting at but also what mr . castelo is saying . both are clear introverts in ... let me add a bit to what mr . castelo already said : the isfp is far more likely to rush in and act--that's what they are driven to do . it's harry potter thinking that to save dumbledore he must ... johann sebastian bach . mistyped intj because of how the romantics idealized him , but he was really istj . the thing is , there are a lot of istj musicians--they're the bassists or drummers or ... the biggest differences have to do with how they see the world . the estj is going to be a lot more interested in patterns , traditions , what is normal or expected . he will probably focus on what ... sometimes some objectivity is a good thing . if you have a friend who knows about the mbti , ask him or her . or take a questionnaire and we can give you some feedback / ideas . in general focus on ... i think infp may be the type you identify with the most , but i wouldn't dismiss isfp out of hand . i think narrowing it down to those two is a good place to start looking . the inferior te is in ... i know i'm late to the game but here's some thoughts : troy--esfj . the dominant fe is everywhere--as someone above pointed out , his solo in hsm 2 , bet on it is the flashing arrow . his whole arc ... kelso from that 70s show ( enxp ) nathan from misfits ( entp ) randy marsh from south park ( enfp ) how honest is he about what he's like ? does he know himself well or does he tend to see himself differently than he actually is ? what about himself does he tend to hide / minimalize ? overstate ? how ... yeah , there's a lot of fe here . watching some of her more recent videos , i'm actually not seeing much ne . she's remarkably consistent in the way she sees the world . doesn't seem to enjoy ... what do you think ed sheeran's type is ? watching him in interviews gave me the impression he might be intp or entp but i don't know if that's really driven by the fact we seem to have a similar sense ... for many people , it's about getting external perspective . the official test is easy to game--it doesn't take much to tell that the questions like , do you prefer working with ( a ) people or ( b ) data ... the david starkey comparison is really apt--history has to have purpose for him--this was the situation and it produced this outcome . that's te . in lucy worley's videos , it's much more history ... i type stephen fry as esfj personally . the way he responds to ne-dominants like dara o'brien , sarah millican , claudia winkleman , jack whitehall , david o'daugherty , and bill bailey suggest to me at ... personally , i'd type her isfj because of the way she's constantly coming back to what it must have been like for people in this particular era . i definitely see ti / fe over te / fi--she's really into ... let me say , in my experience , it's almost always a strong indication of np-ness to be constantly questioning your type . high ne works like that--it has to test , to experiment , to realize in order to ... i strongly agree with krayfish's post , except my conclusion would be slightly different . i totally agree that you're going to be in the ixxp camp . lots of evidence for ji dominant / pe aux from your ... '