' i was at a lan party with some of my best friends one day and we were playing music out loud while playing video games ... then this song came on : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wESe2TlqLH4 i ... another chaotic neutral here :) we're awesome aren't we ... after years in a trusting introvert friendship , my intj friend and i decided to try the relationship thing ... i've never felt such deep and true love in my life before ! i think my heart is going to ... i love my i and my n ! sometimes i wouldn't mind swapping f for t and come on ... who doesn't want to be a j ? my inability to set realistic goals for myself and my extraordinary skill of spending days at a time procrastinating ... i personally identify as a demisexual which might be quite common for infps ... as a demisexual i can only achieve sexual attraction towards people i am very close to . no celebrity crushes , no random ... i don't like being away from the perc for a long time ... it's like leaving your best friend for a year : as soon as you come back you can't help but compare yourself to him . you tell yourself how ... when i feel empty or angry in some way i like to just take a sheet of paper and write everything down that comes to my mind and i mean everything . just don't stop writing , keep the flow going , ignore ... thou shall not listen to this lost soul ! the cettle possesses the weak and hopeless ! believe and trust in the all mighty coffee : laughing : ! this made me lol so hard : blushed : . our coffee in heaven , hallowed be your name . your caffeine come , your magic be done , on earth , as it is in heaven . give us this day our daily motivation , and forgive us our sleep deprivation , ... so much love in this thread :D it makes me so happy to see people from around the world just get along and share intimacy like that ... perc is truly a magical place . i love deep music like vocal trance and liquid dubstep . if the lyrics happen to be awesome too ... perfect :) i'm playing a lot of kerbal space program atm ... thank god the steam summer sales are comming up , i really should stop playing ksp so much . i like your theory ! maybe we are the random creative input people need sometimes . there is no way i could finish a big project by myself but i often help with the creative proplem solving and ... i feel you , sister : rolleyes : ... these are the people i generally try to avoid . i guess you will start meeting these kind of people when you get older . as soon as the introvert kids start to ... in one and a half months i will be going to a huge convention in germany with the people closest to me ! we have been waiting for this day to arrive for a little more than a year and finally we have ... i've done some research on that and different resources provide different percentages ... originally myers and briggs esimated that only about 25 % of the population is introverted . nowdays the ... i didn't know about that ! thanks for the information :) . i frankly don't like the hate sjs have to experience on here . my sister is a esfj and she is a really nice person . i know , i know , n and s don't understand eachother too well but i don't see a reason ... after having a near death experience a month ago i am drunk on life like i never was before . i am full of expectations and hopes for the future and i am scared like hell but i will try to stay strong ... i'd say lewis brindley from the yogscast might be an intj ( not sure about simon though ... enfp maybe ? ) . i'd love to know what type sips is ! ixtj ? ixfj ? according to carl jung ( the founder of the jungian theory ) a person is born with their personality type . how you are brought up doesn't affect your core personality . of course your parents ( or in ... i know what you are going through too well :( . having these seemingly unreachable dreams can be a real torture . but look at the bright side ! there are so few people out there with a true and ... people that treat us like we are stupid . bitch , you don't know where i'm coming from and what i have gone through in my life ! please have some respect for me . i'm not an absolute retard you know ? yup , i get that as well . its just the way a person looks at you or talks to you ... it gives you that warm , disgusting gut feeling that hey have a deep hate for you . very rarely i get the opposite ... when observed from a reserved standpoint , failure sounds ambiguous and indefinite but if you decide to attach your emotions to it , it becomes the monster of your nightmares and you just want to run ... my favorite word is argon . i've allways liked the sound of it ... my least favorite word has to be yolo ( if it is concidered one - . - ) , no explanation needed . my laptop an mbti notebook a calculator a notepad various pens and pencils a lighter headphones my wallet i think all ins are wonderful people . pretty much all of us value intelligence , knowledge , strong beliefs , honesty and passion ( all things the world could seriously use at the moment ... ) . this love ... i allways had a similar mentality :) i see peoples flaws as the salt and pepper of humanity . mistakes and imperfections motivate us to develop creative problem solving and to see beauty in the ... i personally know a male infp and he has some difficulties being sensitive at times ... the expectation everyone has from men causes so many infp men to develop unhealthy personalities because they ... badum-tss i wish i still had my good old ds : sad : ... i miss the days where i would play animal crossing and super mario bros . for hours at a time and just not give a shit about what anyone thought of me . the ... that awkward moment when you can't find a good excuse to go offline and facebook . because in reality you're just sick of chatting with that annoying ' friend ' of yours ... she is in fact speaking german ;) . i am a huge fan of coldmirror myself ... she struggled with depression for many years until she started making youtube videos and she even was featured on you.fm ( a ... good god , when exactly did you take some time off for some sleep : shocked : ? that awkward moment when you have your music turned up to the maximum and are dancing around like some crazy person and your parents suddendly come home ... i can't wait to move out : confused : that person back there looks quite interesting i wonder what he is doing here he looks like he might be a terrorist though the sunglasses are quite suspicious he might be carrying a weapon oh gosh ... i absolutely love to pitch in front of a bunch of people . when my te and ne take over , there is no way anyone could stop me , not even my big , fat introversion :p roud : . blue jeans , black shoes , a black tanktop and a black cardigan ... my normal work atire . i am so boring :P monsieur melancholy i just love seeing you around the forum ! it gives me that warm , fuzzy feeling inside ... don't ask me why :) i can't stand narrow minded people in general , doesn't necessarily have anything to do with a persons type but yeah :d ry : ... why would you run around like a prick , judging people just pecause they ... ok everyone excuse the gibberish that i am about to write but : du bisch im ernscht au us de schwiiz ? die erscht schwiizerin wo ich jeh gseh han uf dere siite :D ! i stop when i realise that the outcome is never going to meet my expectations ... happens way too often :( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZWsNzAHtOto i wish i was as inspirational as alan watts . i don't use my si too much though . i also have aux ne so that might help ' neutranising ' my traditionalistic side ;) . i think you are right though ... there's more to it than just one function . i'd say the love of traveling is strongly connected with se . i know plenty of primary si people and they could never leave their countries and homes behind for more than a few months . i personally ... that a good point you brought up there and to be honest i haven't thought too much about marriage yet . i have had bad experiences with partners in the past which is ditorting my view of romantic ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d689QT0nEY4 '