' fi seems to awaken the omg everyone is looking at you feeling in me . i hate it . it's disgusting . it repels me . fe , though , is great . fe helps me become more assertive because i'm finally able to ... well this girl has told you twice already that she doesnx 92t want to be in a relationship . she just wants to be friends . you took this as x93she wants to be friends before we get into a relationship . x94 ... tell her straight up that you require alone time . tell her she should go take a yoga / meditation class while you stay in , doing whatever it is you need to do . or tell her you need to go on a hike or a ... i adore entj's and esfp's but that's just a personal preference . intj's are a no no , though . every intj type i've met has rubbed me the wrong way and i'm just not into it ... as a female intp i love them . as friends , they're great to have around . as lovers ... it's overwhelming in the best way . they're direct and they know what they want , but only when they're healthy . the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3fZP7QC4PE 1 . not at all . i see restraint in sexuality as boring and ... ugh ... disgraceful . i hate boring , routine sex . 2 . it's neither a turn on or a turn off , it's just me getting to know the person ... i usually cut people out of my life when i see they're lying to me . i don't like games . games are for people who like the drama and i have zero interest in that sort of thing . you'll probably wonder ... intps dissect everything ... every . little . thing . this doesn't only apply to theories , patterns , puzzles , mathematics , etc ... but this applies to people too . i've always been able to tell what kind ... incapable , needy , dependant , emotional morons ... otherwise known as hot messes but really ... if you're not intelligent and you cling to anyone who gives you a second of attention ... i will ... you make a lot of sense . i don't think cheating is some sort of intentional powerplay . sometimes people just handle things horribly and fall out of love with one person for another without expecting ... i dislike weed . i'm already a pretty mellow person so it just makes me feel very lazy , both indica and sativa . it's only good when i'm meditating and don't have to talk to anyone whatsoever . whenever ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BvsMPOfblfg i feel this way too ... but it's best we keep it to ourselves because usually most other people don't understand . i think intp's are more prone to this type of behavior . i even feel this way about ... i'm sorry but rational sex is boring sex . if you go into sex thinking rationally , idk ... i hope it works out ? it wouldn't for me because even though i have ti dom , i love it when i can escape my ... any type is capable of cheating , any human rather ... it just depends on the situation . but i understand from what you're saying that it would be a fear of showing emotions ? what if he knows he can ... hermione granger will never be an infp ... you talkin ' to me ? and put the fuckin ' lotion in the basket ! @_ @ that's all .. i'm sorry , i didn't make myself clear enough . i'm essentially talking about a male intj that has formed an intimate , serious relationship with another girl while he is still in a relationship . he's ... what is it like when you know your relationship is near an end ? do you break up with the person automatically or are there stages of a breakup that you allow yourself to go through ? also , i don't ... esfj . this happens with my mother all of the time except i'm an intp . your mother is either an isfj or an esfj . these are the only two who consistently create issues like this . i used to think it ... why do you care about what other people do in the first place ? it has nothing to do with the generation . there have always been assholes in the world . there will always be greed , there will always be ... you'll find peace someday . it might be a lie but it also might not be . either way it comforts me . 183818 i don't know what's going on . i hate getting close to people because i always say something or do or don't do something . i appreciated her and the things she did for me . i made it clear i only wanted ... that doesn't sound too appealing . usually i just indulge in coffee .. lots and lots of black coffee .. i'm not afraid of death . i simply know it's there . i'm fine with dying as i know everyone does . i can't think of this as relevant advice as it's presenting issues that i haven't stated were there . if ... itx 92s hard to keep a calm , cool and collected vibe about you when youx 92re bored out of your mind . i write , compose , interact with others , hike , paint , exercise , and do everything under the sun that ... there is no depth to a bad boy or bad girl , just an amalgamation of emotional baggage that is common and easy to sift through . i find them easy and ridiculous and boring . they don't have emotional ... it's hard to feel anything besides jealousy and anger or embarrassment . an ex isfj friend of mine just cut ties with me , possibly because of something i did or said or didn't say or do . i don't know ... i apologized , but i guess you only ever get one chance with an isfj . * deep sigh * okay , guys . thanks . i have never been the type of person to give another person attention . i dislike it . i feel itx 92s artificial when i try because i genuinely donx 92t care to give attention at all unless ix92m deeply ... well i do care about him , just like i care about most every person on some level once i start talking with them . he was sick and he needed help . i didn't expect him to become so attached to me ... that's what i was thought . i did get a little swept up in the moment but thanks for confirming what i had originally suspected was going on . my gut is telling me something isn't right so i ... is it even possible for an intj male to be broken ? i guess i'll find out later . i'm not anticipating dinner with him . i don't know what he's going to say but i haven't genuinely connected with anyone like that in a while . it was nice but it felt so unnatural . i don't know him ... if this will move the conversation forward , no i didn't set his clock . i had a few people over last night for a meet-up . long story short , the professionals became unprofessional . one of the intj males wound up getting sick from the 4 grams of weed he managed to smoke ... well seventeen was hard for me ... and that's saying something because i'm only twenty right now . three years made a big difference . i started writing my first novel at seventeen and my life has ... i was sixteen . i don't remember much at sixteen because i was a terrible teenager . : confused : erm ... that's all i know . a cousin of mine visited the house . he's into socionics . he told me i was an ... that means i haven't had the best ' bed ' experiences with infj's . hello . i'm an intp . you've just used my favorite smiley icon as a means to greet people ... so i had to say hello : ninja : welcome to the forum ! oh they did absolutely nothing ... like nothing . think of the worst experience you could have during sex ... and then times that by 10 . not in an awkward way but in a boring way . both of the infj's ... this is what you say : i'm not interested in talking about games . problem solved . he's 12 . when i was younger i viewed everyone as absent , even if they were trying to talk to me or try to get through to me . they were all concerned and believed i spent too much time alone . i'd ... neither . i'm an individual . you're an individual . let's be individuals together . if i have to tell you to do something in a constant or forceful and dominating manner or you have to do the same to ... 161122 the amount of tears enfp's have cried would be enough to quench the thirst of the entire population of the world for at least 4 months . : tongue : . i'm with you on this , but anything that has no ' point ' to it usually bores me . if i wanted to get creative i'd do it in a more productive way than playing minecraft . this game is meant for - 18 ... i feel sympathy for other people . i don't feel empathy . i can't . i can fake it damn well but that's only when i 1 . care enough about the person to actually fake it . 2 . know the ... '