neither ? ? ? but forced with a gun , i guess building . tho the designing seems like a pretty bs gig . short term memory can be slack . but long term memory is nasty good . it was more of a religious experience . a hand to push it over . i win . cogito ergo sum usually , i'll let them blabber about whatever it is , just waiting ... then i'll find a weak point in their logic , and call them out on it . usually shuts them up pretty quickly . wow , pretty solid : istp / infj : ti / ni or ni / ti--schizoid personality disorder . these types are socially incompetent for lack of trying , because they see little to no value in significant interaction ... every day try and get better in some area . always push yourself . oh yeah . i'm a master at projecting and reading body language . the sweet trick is reading peoples eyes when they are lying . tho it gets me in trouble when broads give off signals and gets me losing ... lacks discipline . i'd be out on the street if i tried to pull that shit . completing something that i set out to do ... bonus points if it was challenging . guess it comes down to what drives you and what your goals are in life i go by the avatars usually it's that i don't want to talk , so i find ways to blow them off . wait , that doesn't sound right ... cleanliness is godliness masculine : pretty much everything . feminine : i'm really picky about shoes ? style and fit wise . usually best to ignore it . usually just your ego ( ? ) trying to avoid you having to make change . b . s . in finance . working on the mba . enjoy it , but some of the theory that's proposed is bullshit and having to assume it's correct to satisfy the professor is ridiculous . heroin . way too paranoid and antisocial , had to quit after i developed a tolerance . though my grades went up . i thrive under pressure . but my hidden j does seem to come out . used to more so , now i tend to get pissed off because of all the cunts driving too slow . but if you get me on a pretty abandoned road , i'm money . i don't like lying , but i'm really good at it . nice weather we're having today . i can't deal with f's . i got to have a tj that will challenge me , otherwise i get way too bored . sexually ? ? ? last broad i ' dated ' tried the jealousy card on me . called it on her , totally blew her off , and haven't spoke to her again . tread with caution . i'm not sure about allah , but i think jesus would taste like stale bread and grape juice . estjs , not istjs . gotta have someone to bring me out of my shell . but that one didn't end too well either . but ditto what someone said earlier , i'm not intimidated by stjs and they seem to be pretty ... old enough to know better i've been told quite a few times that i'm stuck-up / arrogrant . now that i look at it , i do have a few narcissistic traits , but i would never outwardly express those views to anyone else . some bints were clearly speaking about me last evening : we have a break in the middle of our class , so i go take a stroll down the hallway to get the blood circulating back in the ole legs . anyway , i ... never had it . i remember really seriously praying twice in my life . i enjoy sleeping in on sunday . i hate kids . they're so annoying . not sure if it's a product of poor parents or kids just being annoying in general . really have no interest in having any . another newsflash : people don't care about ... do lots of cool shit . not that big into family , religion , sacrifice , love . just me . oh yeah . i got out of my way to try and spin my car out when driving in the snow . snow skiing and sailing both take on pretty adrenaline filled experiences . even when i procrastinate i get a rush ... sounds like a friends with benefits situation to me . lots of head . usually work out any problems that have been on my mind . come to an end when all the hot water is gone . likewise ... i'm not on speaking terms with any of mine . hahahah . there's an old saying back where i come from : don't shit where you eat . i try to follow that . a disaster . yep . i'm very picky about clothes and shoes . work to live . somewhere with 35-40 degree slope mountains and waist deep powder . not exactly a good way to endear yourself by saying you look down upon us . interesting reading about the competitiveness not coming from others but from within . never really thought about it that way before , i'm going to have to see how i react to competitive situations and ... whip it out . keep trying to change out of being a night owl , but always end up on a bender and going to bed at 3 am completely ruining any progress i had made . similar aviation background that you have , father is an air traffic controller , uncle is a 777 fo . uncle told me in no certain terms not to become a pilot . you make more money working at ... i was reading an article on lance armstrong and picked out the following as definite characteristics i see in myself . was wonder if this is typical istp behavior ? it's not that i like winning , ...