' ahhh my heart just melted reading this ... you , my friend , are of the few that get it . congrats & keep it up . =) ahhhh ... this is me . i'm so glad i clicked on this thread and discovered that it's not just me . phew ! this also extends to my love for my friends . i know a lot of people that only have one ... wow , seems like she's going through a lot all at once . my heart definitely goes out to both of you ... i have a tendency to do the same in extremely stressful and emotionally taxing ... i think mine's pretty legit ... =) i like that everyone has different top character strengths . hurray for diversity ! 1 ) love you value close relations with others , in particular those in which ... gah yes ! ! ! my most recent ex-roommate is an estp , she turned what once was a happy save haven of a home - - into a dreaded pit of hell that i was scared of coming home to each night . most of ... i agree with this 100 % . i was my most grounded / balanced self when i lived with my infp roommate . after she moved out , i had an estp move in and we definitely clashed and couldn't find a way to ... i agree that infps and enfjs are very complementary to each other . my very best guy friend is an infp - - but there was never a romantic interest from either side , nor will there ever be . we ... wow . well there's clearly something going on behind the scenes that he hasn't articulated to you . but keep in mind what he has already articulated to you ( however minimal ) . he said you and i ... i can safely say that i'm the same way as far as reciprocal openness . i'm an open book in the most relatable sense , i willingly share information & stories that facilitates a shared closeness . but ... call me superficial , fake , and naive . i confess that i keep people at an arms length , with rose colored glasses on . i instinctively keep my friendships at an arms length . i meet a lot of people ... mad mad mad respect for tina fey . this is me . i come from a long line of very strong independent women . my dad & the men in my family are very kind , compassionate , respectful , and super supportive . this is what i look for in a ... yes , there are definitely opportunities to collaborate / work with other musicians . i played in a lot of ensembles , quartets , composer recitals , and the orchestra - - so that was fun . but although there ... great to see that you're pursuing music ! i started out majoring in music when i first went to university . i played the harp - - and absolutely loved my instrument . however similar to pmj 85 , i ... i love seeing everyone's different yet similar interests ! go enfjs ! =) i like ... - hosting intimate parties , gatherings , & themed potlucks - brewing my own organic specialty beer - going ... i think my takeaway from my situation is understanding my friend's comfort levels and drawing those boundaries between myself and her romantic interest . and also being able to clearly express my ... omg wow - - when i read your initial post i already had this exact thought in mind ! one of my best friends is an esfj , 7w8 with a very strong sexual subtype , followed by sp / so . i've always known ... short explanation of how i ' choose ' my friends ... there are some people who make me feel warm , fuzzy , and ooey gooey inside . these types of people make me feel happy by just standing next to ... i just came here to give a virtual * high five * to all the > 6 females ... read through some of the previous exchange in this thread . made me think of this article titled : how many people have you ... nice to see other veggie enfjs out there =) i've been vegetarian for about 7 years ( with the occasional consumption of fish ) . of course , i tend to make the exception that whenever i travel to ... a couple of weeks late ... but here's a happy new year picture for you all ! me on the left and my esfp dance partner / guru / friend on the right , who continually inspires me & warms my heart . <3 59202 i generally think it's more beneficial to stay on good terms than not , with the exception of being completely screwed over by your ex ( in which case , i'd tell them to fuck off ) . granted , trying ... oh man - - yeah , so my best friend does exactly that ... and she's an estj . sometimes yes it was indeed circumstantial - - but admittedly other times it was a lapse in judgement and i simply forgot to ... ooo ... i'm blue , sensitive tan , violet also i'm a type 2 ( so / sx / sp ) . sounds about right ! ah ! this is me ... so most of the other responses were in reference to so's ... in which i'm in agreement on . i'm definitely not a jealous lover . but i can be a bit of a jealous friend . i don't ... this is a great question . akin to the other responses ... i also feel like i'm an open book . willing to share very personal information , and generally very relatable to all types of people that i ... how are old are you ? in my late 20 ' s where are you from ? california how long have you been on personality cafe ? lurker for 1yr , active for 3ish months other forums you frequent other ... hmm . yeah . i do the same when i'm slowly transitioning out of a romantic interest into a platonic one . like i previously stated , my preference is to remain friends ... especially if we've taken ... eek ... this is definitely me . so i don't think it's necessarily exclusive to enfj males . i don't know what it is , but i tend to know if there's something there or not relatively quickly ( 2-3 ... his fe shining through during his speech to his campaign staff , post election results ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pBK2rfZt32g ] [ size = 2 here's an article in the huff post about entj romney vs . enfj obama written back in september . a pretty interesting read & run-through of why the two are typed that way . likewise .. only , when i first meet another enfj ( and i don't know it yet ) , we'll totally vibe and the connection is off the chart . i feel like whenever i meet new enfjs , they're all so ... ahh i also very briefly dated an enfj about a year ago . we immediately clicked right off the bat , and i felt like we got each other emotionally - - more than i've ever had with another person . but ... ahh yeah ... well he wasn't / isn't always like that . i just listed the worst of the worst that pissed me off ... i could go on and list all of the wonderful positive intp functions . but that wouldn't ... lol ... just want to preface this with the fact that this isn't an attack ... i'm listing what seriously pissed me off about my ex-intp bf . needless to say , my list should be taken with a grain of ... i'm more or less very self aware ... and also aware that i can be pretty twisted sometimes when i want my way . being a master of the art of inception can be dangerous . with great power , comes great ... to me , i feel like halloween kicks off the holiday season here in the states ... pumpkin carving transitions us to pumpkin eating , which then fattens us all up for 2 months of insatiable gorging ... whoo hooo ! time to share halloween pics : 51811 costume 1 : this is me and my infp bud . i'm krysta from ferngully , and he's a scout . 51812 costume 2 : cheesy robin costume that i borrowed . my ... i would answer your question with ... yes , but it depends . ha . but in the content of your context provided ... i would have to lean more toward the he's prob being friendly . when i was in college , ... lol , as i was reading this i was thinking .. pshhh . isn't this the pot calling the kettle black ? ? but you redeemed yourself in the last line . haha . ;) ooo same ... uck . there are two rules that i try to abide by if i know it's going to be a late night . 1 ) one drink an hour rule . this one helps me keep my composure , considering the fact that ... ahh yeah - - i have two very close infp's in my life ( one male , one female ) . when i first met them , i was drawn to each of them and we immediately clicked with an elevated level of understanding that ... left of the center . although i seriously believe the issues that are important to me are non-partisan ... unfortunately there's a tendency for things to naturally get politicized even if they affect ... so i read this article today : 9 people you become when you're drunk - - - super hilarious btw . and indeed , i'm definitely not all of these when i'm drunk , and i may have a higher affinity toward ... i'm guilty as charged for doing this ... but only after long drawn out emotional turmoil and consistently getting burned by the hot potato at hand . like the responses above me , i do keep a wide ... locally made , eco-friendly , reclaimed wooden earrings . =) 50493 ahh i'm guilty as charged for joining the meetup and not ( yet ) attending an event . you're about an hour away - so not that far , but just out of the way enough to make it difficult to fit in my ... good question ! you know , i never even really thought of it myself until this very moment . there are things that i ' notice ' first that catches my eye ... but then there are other things that draw ... i guess i'd just like to echo what's already been articulated in this tread by everyone else ... personally , i tend to internalize criticism , whether it's constructive or destructive . outwardly ... this thread is hilarious btw ! love love love reading through these posts . in all of the recent threads that i've been able to briefly read through , i feel like enfj's are quite good at ... '