' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7g9Hga2AWI also , i meant the ones in youtube comment sections who need to point out that they're 12 in order to be considered edgy and cool by their elder peers . why would i be deeply affected by your lives ? don't we need to be alike for me to feel empathy ? 0 . o i admit suffering a minor inferiority complex given how you're more logically competent than i .  ... because everybody just wants to belong ... =] it's like that 12 year old on every metal video . that's really funny . i'd do that if i were less lazy . i just wanted to see what kinda smarty pantsy stuff intps complained about . us and them . all i'm saying is people act like their soldier's lives are worth more than other countries . i know this shouldn't technically be right . why this division in humanity ? we're all here ... so then through what means do politicians keep power ? it's through armed forces . to be fair , if you look through history , soldiers have played a role in the slaughter of many innocents . it works both ... wow , that's a bit disappointing . i was expecting trey to be a little more reasonable than that , but yeah ... i still love south park xd ermm ... on an extra note , if you think about it , the whole ... hey everybody , i was kinda watching this movie crew 54 and it got me thinking , do soldiers even have a right to be angry ? i mean they lost like one of theirs and they go berserk , never-mind that ... i think they're pretty neat looking . i guess it's a bonus if they serve a practical purpose too . aren't uggs girl shoes ? they're admittedly pretty regardless . easier as compared to what ? i'd think for instance , it'd be easier to shoot a bird in a jar than in a barrel . same goes for fish . but this is just pandering . seriously , i'm not even gonna ... i'm thinking kill bill or maybe the dark knight . i'm strongly considering a career in film . do you guys know which countries have the strongest indie film markets , as i'd rather actually avoid the hollywood shit if i can . also , how do you suppose ... i never really looked into that . i supposed i could see how being a rule oriented thinker would support an authoritarian , militant , or utilitarian stance on matters . op , listen , the human mind is complex and it's doubtful that a person could be totally summed up by 16 simple classifications . it's not surprising if you have certain defining features of both types ... how do you know they were entps for sure ? i like a girl who sounds like you and i know she's an ifnj after she took the test herself . though she admitted they were somewhat accurate , she doesn't take ... i've felt entps could carry a sizeable propensity for evil given their unconventional sense of morals . they seem like the kind of people whom would probably be able to rationalise rape or ritual ... i reeaaally like this one infj girl at my school whom is somewhat impartial to me , but also moderately likes me ? best i could come up with on the spur of the moment http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DC6UtsPa13o the persona in the song is kinda extroverted and makes lots of devil's advocates sorta arguments ... i feel like i'm wasting time in school . none of the things i'm doing feel relevant to anything i'm gonna be doing in the near future ... like as a career , if i'm supposed to have one by then . so what ... too evil to be an entp ? explain to me how that works ? i visualise a fast talking , morally ambiguous lawyer when i imagine entps . that was at least my first assertion ... now i'm starting to kind of ... i can't handle being alone . not unless i have something to keep me busy , then okay , but when i'm forced to sorta just stare at the walls and reflect on my life , i kinda just feel really alone and ... well intps are supposed to be the most logically concise of all the types , so that can be considered a weakness ... we're second tier logicians . also , not being able to connect with people on an ... i forgot about my other types but my primary is 7w6 . standard entp . i hate how entps sometimes make purposely fallacious arguments to trick you for their giggles when you're being serious >=/ i don't get easily fooled by fallacious arguments . anyone care to try me ? you wanna ask someone their opinion because you're in a group project , but feel like you already have a better answer and they could contribute nothing of substance . you burn everyone when the ... who said it isn't socially acceptable ? people just won't think you're cool , but they won't make you out to be a bad person . it's a matter of opinion , kinda the same way you don't think sports fans ... you actually can since a narcissist is just someone who holds their own appearance in high regard . it doesn't matter whether it's true or not , the criteria is still fulfilled . greater being is a ... yeah , because if there's something we got , it's personality ! ! ! i'm sleepy fyi . welcome . i'm in my school uniform . do i look chaotic though ? 9136491365 i'm short as fuck and i wouldn't say i'm naturally slim . i was fat for most of my life growing up , until about 9th grade . i don't really think it's a big deal . it's supposed to be competition . humans by nature are competitive ... as are all animals , but it's just kinda hardwired into our psyche . i'm kind of at a loss for ... so any libertarians here ? what about outright anarchists ? i want a show of hands , or well fuck ... metaphorically speaking . i guess this is difficult to articulate since it's actually kind of complicated . i mean i just don't care that much in that , say i'd maybe go through some torment or humiliation so that they can be ... their character is their personality , as in individual traits , but their self is like ... who they are regardless of personality . i don't believe in souls but i guess it's a good enuff metaphor in ... nice to meet you near opposite . i'm new too , but i'm an entp . xd hey . glad to see a fellow entp of sorts . i'm actually also reconsidering whether i'm really as extroverted as i made myself out to be before , so i could be in the intp boat too , which would make me a ... thank you for the rad welcomes . cafebot , that was weird af . guy above me , your picture doesn't show =p hey , i'm new here , but duh ... well i mean i'm not a returning member . so anyway , i made an account here because i've harboured a moderate obsession with the myer briggs personality types . i've kinda ... '