' yup , that's small talk in a nutshell . https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jqDGK_UjfFI a fun-lover with a well-developed ne plays on family feud . skillet , evanescence , daughtry , britt nicole , and heather dale . xntpx 85the episode ! ! ! https://vimeo.com/78406540 speculative fiction , preferably fantasy like tolkien and lewis . i keep on thinking of my own way of determining alignment , as well as determining which alignments are directive or informative : direc-infor xstj-xnfp xntj-xsfp xstp-xnfj xsfj-xntp on the ... i've always thought of sir toby belch as an entp . he's intelligent yet lazy , very witty and fun-loving , and refuses to take himself seriously . i think andrew would fit being an esfp more than toby ... my personal opinion is that xstjs are the most masculine and the xnfps are the most feminine . i know for a fact u200bthat i am an istj . my eyes lead my head , as is typical for any p-function lead , i have a habit of correcting people ( te ) , i dislike schedule changes ( j ) , and i tend to prefer ... thanks . now i know my mbti type for sure ( istj ) . i knew from my gestures and researching the cog functions ' data that i was an ixtj , but i couldn't figure out which letter it was . best thread eva ! ! ! i've been thinking . this may not be the best way to group the classes . the republic should be the main and the empire as the shadow . force-users are obviously intuitive and the non-sensitive as ... i was born and raised a roman catholic , and i actually have no plan nor reason to leave . to be brutally honest , the only reasons i've seen to ever leave catholicism would be to fit in with the ... you know what , i think i'll stick with keirsey from now on because i learned two days ago that jung had dabbled in the occult and had a screwed up definition of god , being the self . let's go with ... i think i'll stick with keirsey rather than mbti from now on because not only are his theories less complicated than the jungian functions , i've also read that jung embraced a really stupid idea of ... some of those look more like regular stuff than what you'd expect from comic-book superpowers . i have a feeling that if cognitive functions are to be compared to superpowers , they should be ... i am exactly the same way ! i've got it ! ! ! some specializations ' iconic image feature the same weapons as the player does at the start . however , the other specialization's icon has the player holding a different weapon , ... why not group the classes by cognitive type , like this : knight : ni - may seem like a soldier , but tries to make decisions while considering the future ; also believes he / she has a purpose ... i watched it . and i have to tell you , it's pretty good . at first , i didn't want to watch it because my mom said it was always the same thing : hunting and bringing the kill to the home . but when ... i'm an estj neutral good with lawful tendancies . okay , i may have messed up somewhere . perhaps the characters should remain the same archetype even if their cognitive functions change . after all , we need to understand that each character is ... i'm sorry , but i live in texas and from what i know , commitment takes a long while . also , i'm talking about in college . still , thank you very much for the offer . :) i don't know . is there any good place where i can find an infp female ? basically , i've always wanted a cloudcuckoolander girlfriend . mhersh 94 dominant cognitive functions and archetypes in mind ( darn , why can't i use enter in this text box ? ): isfj - pooh ; esfj - kanga ; intp - roo ; entp - piglet ; esfp - tigger ; isfp - eyeore ; entj ... that would be pretty epic if cs lewis ever imagined himself in the hundred acre wood . no doubt his best friend would be owl and he'd often role his eyes at pooh . so ironic . xd i prophesize hundreds of self-inserted fanfics inspired from this thread . if i were a fanfic writer , it would probably be around this : ... no wonder i've always loved rabbit ! come to think of it , whenever i have gathered the nerve to talk to other people , i tend to reveal more than i should . i'm actually pretty socially awkward that way . case-in-point , one time when ... haha . very funny . i just discussed this with my isfj mom and she said that she had never heard of a shy extravert . my entp dad ( who actually thinks he's introverted ) shook his head heavily as ... the goal is not to deny nor confirm anything supernatural . i'm simply stating what i believe . i am an omnist ( with catholicism as first priority ) , so telling me to deny an existence is irrelevant . ... the caption under flying spaghetti monster should be because i couldn't think of a more believable strawman . oh , and the poll does not have my denomination ( roman catholicism ) . the thing is , ... are some of you guys actually shy or quiet . i ask this because i just took a quiz on the word personality site and i got this score : 45 % introvert . 55 % extravert . 73 % intuit . 27 % sensor . 38 % ... fenris is an obvious perceiver to me , since he simply wastes time in his former master's house for most of the game . only under stress ( usually involving mages ) does he show any judging tendencies . ... i wonder what each hawke personality would be . diplomatic sounds like an ixfj , sarcastic gives off an enxp tendancy , and aggressive comes across to me as more stereotypically mean with varying ... well , yes . what i meant to say was that phlegmatic was redefined into meaning ambiverted between funcions . i've recently started picturing phlegmatic , or as it's called now , supine , as the harmony ( xsxp ) to choleric's discipline ( xnxj ) with melancholic being the order ( xsxj ) to sanguine's chaos ( xnxp ) . i haven't had a girlfriend yet , but you make a valid point . i can also see some challenge encouragement here : with the accomplishment of something popularly thought of as difficult , a great ... sometimes , i wonder if it would be best to start with an esfp . yes , it would be hard , but then again , i keep on theorizing that if i were to go out with an enfp , we'd both get lost in our own world ... okay , since this is getting us nowhere , i'll start over . which of these four personality types would you intjs prefer as a suitable romantic partner ? esfp isfp infp enfp my thoughts exactly . she's put in a non-sequitor and i almost had no idea . no , that's not at all what i meant . i was referring to how i am trying to ask a question about compatibility and the only intjs that bother to answer seem to put cynicism and snarkiness before ... * sigh * does ' till death do us part mean nothing to people these days . somehow , i'm surprised that i'm the only intj who has his / her introverted feeling developed , as well as keeping an open mind ... none of this is irrelevant . despite all the nonsense propaganda in america , it is always possible to make a marriage last forever . the problem is due to how sexualized america is and living ... the title says it all : which personality type do you see yourself in a permanent marriage ? esfp isfp enfp infp i think that for primary temperament would fit better for the first and third letters : melancholic : ixtx . supine : ixfx . sanguine : exfx . choleric : extx . also , harmony vs discipline is more of ... i remember looking at the dungeons & dragons alignments on the law-chaos axis and i have been doing some thinking . originally , i considered lawful to be xsxj and chaotic to be xsxp while neutral ... i'm specifically talking about reverse function order opposites , but those are good ideas as well . hello , i have a question . how are each opposite personality-types opposite ? i am not trying to date anyone ( if i get a girlfriend sometime , i'll probably settle for an enfp ) , i'm just curious ... theoretically speaking , if such a game were made , personality type would affect decisions sooner than it would class choices . '