' ahah , that is so true . the thing is we talk a lot , but at the end of the day , he can't change , it's just like that , he tried , but you can't fake fe , you can't fake caring for something , intjs are ... yes you are right - they are more book smart & very knowledgeable in some subjects ( usually academic subjects & work ) than good conversationalist ( about news & randoms things ) if it makes sense ... i used to be a fan , he's an enfp if you ask me , he likes to talk even in concerts , plus he's such a serial seducer . to be honest , i don't like the character ( i usually don't like exfp men as well - ... actually i think there is so much hype about n / n couple , but we tend to get along great with s as well , especially si / ne users . i have a good istj friend too . there is something very grounding about ... love you analysis , i'm not sold about nick being an estp as well , he could be any exxp . he's a writer , he can be quite naive when judge people , he's out of touch with some down to earth logical ... he's right , it's very easy at first but it's very hard work on the long term , because we are very different people with 3 different functions and we don't communicate in the same way - which is very ... i may be wrong but by reading the posts on this forum , it seems like intj male / entp female couple is pretty ( most ? ) common . you definitively have something here . why do you like intjs ? i have the same experience with my isfp ex , oh and almost the same experience with my infp ex as well . one told me i was a bad person and didn't want to speak to me anymore and another one just ... oh i didn't invent it : you can both type entj or intj + narcissistic personality disorder on google , there are lots of posts out there . when i meant most common , i meant most common psychological sickness , not most common among normal people . i think narcissistic personality is more linked to some personality type than other - mostly ... interesting - isn't npd one of the most common psychotic trait for entjs ? like being bipolar for entps ? what do you think of josephine , his wife ? isfp ? esfp ? esfj ? she was very much an aesthete ... i don't think sfjs are stupid , they are different from intjs . they don't see the world the same way & they don't have the same values . at the end of the day it's about choice & what you want in a ... he doesn't seem to be very mature - is it worth it ? maybe he's right ... ? i'm not sure about the infp / entp dynamics - i have hard time with fi primary users ( even if i like infp better than isfps ... isn't it inf si ? ? ! my enfp friends love food as well ;-) on paper it looks great but in real it's more like : i talk alone about my ideas & stuff to my intj husband and he usually ... just listen . it's like talking to a wall ( or a cow ) : laughing : ... yeah , i think my kids are definitively fe users then , they spend their day eating & yelling ! ! : laughing : more seriously , i'm married to an intj and i think the biggest problem is not si / fe but ti ... i think you can just to be yourself : laughing : , the intelligence & the kind of mystery / arrogance intjs have is often enough to have an entp hooked . also i don't think intjs are not very good at ... daenerys : does isfps care that much about changing the world / creating a new world / having an impact on so many people's life ? i have hard time seeing daeneirys as anything other than fe dom / aux ... i didn't know intjs are that good at physical activities , short-sighted and whined that much : laughing : he's very hard to type , but probably an isxx , i would type him isfp ( fi / se ) ... otherwise , you can still wait , if he's interested , he'll end up asking you out , entps are the ones who do the chase usually . but it can take some months / years , since he may have to decide first if ... i still think hillary is an introvert , the estj is her persona , the real hillary is probably intj i agree on the fact he can't finish his books has more to do with the lack of te than being a p ( even if the infjs i know are more obsessed about finishing their works than him , even if they can't ... i absolutely love ender as well - he's quite different in the first book than in the second and third book ( i would type him intj at first then he became an infj or even enfj - maybe it has to do ... because , he doesn't have this soft ( yet distant ) , warm and insightful infj way of talking ( fe / ni ) in the interview i saw of him , and i see si in his work ( he's very much into families history , ... i really don't see ni in the way he writes his books , i see ne ( imagination / ideas ) and ti ( building a coherent system for his ideas -> here's where the links between the events comes from , because ... i don't see symbolism as a ni thing . ne loves imagination and free interpretation . i love symbols , my intj husband doesn't ( maybe it's te - te prefers pragmatic and useful things ) i vote entp ( or intp but i saw an interview and he seems to be an extrovert ) , he's definitively ti-fe-si . the way he like to write about people , about their hope , motive , hate , love and all the ... well you are an enfj ? do you think he's one as well ? do you recognize thinking patterns ? you are so cute ! : laughing : you are definitively a fe user - the way you want to be nice with everyone and calm tension on this post ( instead of justify yourself / being aggressive - which is more ... patrick jane is quite similar to an enfj guy i know , who is a ceo of a non-profit . this guy a very good public speaker , very charming ( fe ) and also a very good observer even when it's small ... taylor swift is definitively not infp . she's very definitively a fe user . why people always want stars they like to be the same type than themselves . i like and admire lots of people and most of ... only infps would write a post that long about themselves -> definitively fi dom people patrick jane could be anything , i've seen him typed at infj and estp : laughing : i would guess entp / enfj ( fe-si ) now i watched more closely ted cruz & i think he's an entj - he's very fixated and obsessive about the same ideas which come back all the time ( ni ) he's a little bit scary and very intense & ... aren't they cute together ? : laughing : i didn't know entj and entp can be a couple without killing each other : laughing : when my intj husband is in te mode and shuts down everything i say because we can't realistically do it or because ... i'm on the team , tris : isfp and four : isxj team . neither of them are n . caleb seems to be an intj in the film . agreed ! ! thanks ! ! ! especially for hiro , tadashi & bymax . hiro is very ne - and the fact he can't express what he feels and still have high-moral values and is very attached to people he loves ... yeah , i think it's better when you have your own practice - you can choose your work and it's more litigation work as well . i used to work for a big f500 company as in-house lawyer and it was mainly ... aren't you an entj ? i don't think we are supposed to be cold , we are actually quite animated & sometimes ( well often we you master fe ) empathetic and charismatic like only a fe user can be . yeah i do sports as well - it's more to be proud of myself & stay in shape ( my si is super happy ) but i'm not coordinated and i don't actually enjoy doing it . estps like to talk about ... first time i saw someone who likes putin : laughing : ( and not being a russian ) - i'm pretty sure cameron is a sj - i'd bet on estj like - boris johnson is a fake esfp / estp , he's ... nice , estps are super fun , aren't they ? : laughing : i think the big difference is se / ne - the estps i know are all super at ease with their body , sporty ( most entps are not mister universe kind of ... yeah , and as a fe ter , i find her to be quite cute : laughing : don't you ? : crazy : i can see where you come from for sara but i think she is more fi than fe , i can't say why exactly , but i get this fi vibe from her , the thirst of adventure & heroism & a different life . isfj are ... i can't see amy as anything else than xntj - she has to have primary / aux te - to plan everything like she did . yes ! i can see clare as isfp - she's a little bit to stubborn to be an esfp : laughing : magnus , i was still thinking entp - he's speech is quite eleborated and he seems to be more cerebral than ... i agree with you . some patterns that appeared when i aged ( i'm 31 , so still younger than you ;-) ) - i'm very maternal with my children , i used to dislike kids when i was younger , i found them ... i'm interested in this - do you have a link ? i tend to think we become more fe-si when we age - so more settled , more calm , more empathetic , more ... maternal , religious ? well fe-si things . ahah so true - i went to law school and most people are xstjs , with some xntjs and sps 80 % of work as lawyer is actually paper work and very repetitive and boring things , as an entp i actually ... '