' i'll accept casual hugs from relatives or friends i don't see often throughout the year . now if we're talking about real hugs ... only from my significant other . that's really the only instance ... i'm sick of it . i wish i could save them all . i know i could , if only i knew before . mood : mellow reason : such a slow day , haha , and free to do whatever . douchebag huh ? i guess i'd define it as someone who manipulates and persuades others for their own selfish reasons , which tend to be immoral , rather than the opposite . inconsiderate , arrogant , ... why do you look so surprised ? surely you knew this was coming . people with dark souls have nothing but dark dreams . people with really dark souls do nothing but dream . haruki murakami repulsive . haha , i know exactly what you're talking about . as pjay said , i think it would have more to do with your enneagram type as well . i'd hardly call it black and white , or simple for that matter . ... i don't have time to write everything right now , i'll edit this post later . for now i'll list the following : honesty , space , faithfulness , and understanding . sure those seem basic , but i'll expand ... well this is awkward . finding out that the person i've been looking for was this close to me the entire time . wow . too late already , but it's bothering me so much . shouldn't have lost to my stupid ... this guy ceases to amaze me . so much talk about respect , honor , etc . , though he lacks pretty much every single one of them . also he didn't even quote zack fair correctly in his signature , so ... the amount of disrespect from op towards the people who are actually trying ( don't understand why , it won't work ) to help him out is ridiculous . op , it seems you already have your mind made up . ... stella by kashiwa daisuke . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NHjHQoxq9O036 minutes of just ... i'm not sure how to describe it . i don't think that was the best thing to say ... and i have to very much disagree with you . yeah , of course , that's a given . i don't know how it is , so it's really up to you whether or not you wanna go for it . be careful though . i've had experiences with this as well . i don't think it's ridiculous as long something's actually there ... though , as word dispenser said , it doesn't work out for most people . it really just ... i'm glad this thread exists . usually i keep these all written in a digital notebook of mine , but i think it's better for me to put them here from now on . don't know why , but , yeah . well , it's ... scott pilgrim ( comics ) . someone had taken a huge part of my life and turned it into a fictional story . very relatable , although the ending was much happier than my own , haha . as for real ... i'm territorial about the people i are about . that's about it . ... they'd wonder why you're doing it and be completely still , because they don't understand why you'd want to hug them in the first place . at least , for me . i'm sick of all the injustice in this world . i hate people who take advantage of others . i hate when people don't learn from their mistakes . i hate not being able to make a difference . open your ... i've got perfect vision , but i do have circle lenses just for looks . medium rare . it's the only way to go . the best cut ? any . i don't believe i'm normal for many reasons . then again , it all comes to perspective . what is normal ? eh . i don't think normal people think the way i do , or feel the way i do about most ... not being up to my own standards ( which continue to grow ) . don't f * * * with me . hm . drawing , guitar ( acoustic fingerstyle / solo guitar arrangements , i rarely use any of my electric guitars anymore ) , exercise ( training for martial arts ) , longboarding , video games , cooking , ... i was confused as to which i felt more . i was supposed to post this thread in the proper section ( which i did after ) , and i read about the various cognitive functions . concluded i'm istj . thank you ... ah , right . i'll look into that , thanks . read through each of them and came to the conclusion that i'm an istj . guess i should edit my info . from what i've read these two types seem to never get along ... though , i'm not sure which i am . mbti says infj , but timeless ' test says istj . these are my results . your preferences : ... whoops . wasn't looking at my tabs and realized i posted this in the wrong section . x_x edit : wrong section . x_x from what i've read these two types seem to never get along ... though , i'm not sure which i am . mbti says infj , but timeless ' test says istj . these are my results . ... i'm actually quite curious about this as well ... i'm tested as an infj , though taking timeless ' test , i'm an istj . i believe i might be borderline nf / st , if that's even possible ... i do find it hard ... blah , i think it's better we let it die . though if you want your fun , it's understandable . xd he could do better though , as peg said . wrong once again , and the opposite as well . i tricked them for years to keep a girl who i loved safe . eh . nowhere near as interesting as i thought this would be . seeya . haha , your description of me is the exact opposite . you've lost . i've given all i've had to give , and continue to give , no matter what , because i care about others more than my own life . my ego is as ... favorite fictional characters ... gutts from berserk . scott pilgrim ( think of the books , not the movie - we have a lot in common ) . wander from shadow of the colossus . welcome skyebird ! i'm new as well , haha . you should definitely go take the mbti as well as timeless ' 16 type test and find out which type you are ! the enneagram test is something else you might be ... a game thread eh ? haha , cool , cool . i'm a big pc gamer , though i do game on consoles for the convenience of my friends ( sony / nintendo , i gave up on microsoft a long time ago ) . i play a bit of ... i've met people like you before , and they're never what they claim to be . rather than coming here to help people you seem more interested in showing off your clairvoyance , and supernatural ... pff , who cares what the other guy thinks ? all that matters is what i want . 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? i've always wanted to make differences in people's ... yup . just be really careful about it and if they're a close friend of yours , it should be okay . always keep perspective in mind . no problem , anytime . you as well ! ah . this . okay , now i know what you mean , and hopefully i can be of some help ! i've faced this many times , and from my own experience , it really depends on who you're talking to . if it's someone ... i've always felt the same way , albeit , probably for different reasons . i've had some messed up stuff happen to me at a pretty young age ( then again who hasn't , haha ) , and everything wrong with the ... hm ... so trying to be more assertive without causing any trouble . typically in these types of situations i try to be as objective as possible , and phrase my words very carefully as not to cause any ... i suppose my dark side is quite ... berserk . unrelenting , hateful , manipulative , extremely violent . i don't like being in this state at all but i can't help it at times . if i witness any kind of ... here's mine . first line is how i write now . the second line is my natural handwriting . 82874 i'm an infj , and also an atheist . 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? ... '