' jungle book - timeless , good songs , fun characters , good pacing wisdom imho is the * application * of intelligence how often have you said to yourself i wish i hadnt done that or said that - that is being wise after the event ... sometimes though you do manage ... silence can be utterly destroying - use it wisely . i have found that if people just suddenly close up then they need a lot of time to work things through ... you need to be there but dont pressurise ... intp - every one i have encountered has just not got it - logic vs emotion ... one letter away but may as well be from another planet dont burden any friends - friends are great but you need an anonymous and neutral person to handle it - seriously you could wreck friendship and feel even worse hi guys - that includes girls as well lol - i had a very severe period of depression over a year ago - went to see a counsellor first as i was just crying for no reason in public and felt very ... i hope you are talking about the swedish original ... anyway its is very good brazil - dark twisted , romantic , funny , scary , prophetic , artistic give it a little time ... sadly many people are only interested in keeping their online life online imho - i rarely go in depth online as it rarely transfers ok to relaity 5 w 4 which is commonly described as the investigator or observer type ... the other weekend i had some relative starnger say ... you are just like an observer taking in everything ... how accurate and i am sharing my perspective that people do lie ... some people here are posting in a holier than thou mode and there is no real depth to the discussion ... basically the argument is you lied so you ... as long as the music is new to you then any music is good ... its a bit like dismissing a classic novel written 50 years ago ... i really struggle with the lack of inventive or left field music ... when one of my sisters died quite suddenly i was a little tearful at first and had twinges of sadness . at the time of the funeral i was just numb and when the service was over i went past her partner ... if they are a loved one - - - really really try to tell them you love them before they go - they need to hear it and you need to say it . even if they were cruel to you or whatever the deathbed is the ... not true - depends on the lie of course but you can eaisly tell one giant lie once everything else is true . why do people assume lying is like some virus . lies are more self contained than you think ... lying is not difficult so you have lied or are you just guessing i am gobsmacked - 3 days at the very start of a relationship and you're upset youre wrong about the lies mean you do not get ... i guess people have different views but the big picture is the relationship - if everyone walked out or abandoned relationships over 1 little thing then it would be a sad day ... to be honest as long ... you are assuming that lying is a conscious act ... theres so much bs in the world that its hard not to lie ... one day just make a mental or physical note of all the lies you say to yourself and others ... sometimes i think the reason behind lies are more important than the lies themselves ask yourself if you are truly honest about everything yes i did apologize and explain the situation by text ... then asked to speak to her directly ... she rang and there was just silence so i said my piece about being sorry . later that day i became a bit ... monday would have been blissed.fuck.miserable i realised i screwed up big time with someone i liked and seemed to care about me ... why why why am i so stupid city girl ... the best things to do are make a plan to get him somewhere isolated somewhere you can be intimate - that would be hint 1 then make the first move - yes it maybe gut wrenchingly ... i have recently totally messed up a starting relationship ( told a lie about something and was caught out by it ) as i considered the relationship even in its early stages quite strong and intense i ... i know the last part is well intentioned ... but anyone who has been inftuated knows the number one addictive thing is the slim hope that something good will come and suddenly he or she will fall into ... you are infatuated ( its normal you are not insane ) but with that amount of contact you will find it hard to snap out of it - you may even have to change your job . just consider infatuation as a trial ... having been stuck in a weird infatuation phase just over a year ago i know what you are going through ... how to get over him ... i did manage to download a script for clinical hypnosis to deal ... intp and infp - good luck with a relationship but seriously that t and f difference can easily break it ... to be honest as an infp i would be wary of committing to someone who puts money before the ... women are flaky peter gabriel - solsbury hill could be very spiritual and about finding yourself i like the lines when illusion spin her net i'm never where i want to be and liberty she pirouette when ... remember an interview is your chance to ask questions - be careful what you are getting into http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DnAK1NkAoKs no vid great song i reaised i could probaly post 100 rundgren songs no problem philip pullman , philip k dick - well its sci-fi , philip jose farmerand not strictly afantasy author but offers enough out and out surreal dream like stuff at times he deserves to be read david mitchell http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-ctHzyVDFc no vid but a great song - well rundgren's something anything - is one of the best double albums ever made http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qMxX-QOV9tI jessie j price tag - the lyrics are almost pure infp ... forget about money coming from a large family i can hack either ... but its great to just have your own space your own privacy ... peace and quiet ime girls are extremely poor at showing any kind of direct interest - so men have to make the moves and have to face rejection at every ' stage ' of a relationship . guys want to know if the shy girl ... then you really need to look at why you are doing it . unrealistic high standards are usually the main thing.power games if you've been rejected in the past - some sort of passed on revenge thing ... the supposed ' friend zone ' which is really just the cowardice of girls ( mainly ) to be truthful with men . if you are not physically attracted to man / boy ffs girls tell him kindly but dont spin this bs ... to the op - quit - you do not have to suffer any abuse i don ’ t want to receive unemployment benefits or whatever and be a burden on society . why do you feel that leaving a hostile environment ... the truth is that any activity can be paid for ... finding something enjoyable which pays is really the key the pua route is a way to misery ... there are some good things but they are basic common sense just get out there and date ... it doesnt matter if you dont like them or even ' fancy ' them but you must ... dating is purely about getting your face in front of a girls and seeing what happens - they will either like you or not . most of this is based on looks and you will be judged worthy or not very ... i date to see if there is any of the following - friendship , sexual chemistry ... if theres none which is a lot of the time then its best to move on . if theres friendship only thats nice , if theres ... dystopias ? - just read the current news ... the world is getting more fucked up each day i recommend cloud atlas by david mitchell - you will probably like the sections an orison of sonmi - 451 and ... to the op the best thing i have read and all infps will probably struggle with this ... the best thing about the past is that it has gone my daughter , my netbook , my glasses i have trouble with friendships as simply most people seem to be full of bs combined with a show-off attitude also most people seem blatantly un self aware so there is a lot of hypocrisy ... this can ... not a good comparison as the infp is rejecting the offer and the enfp is accepting - do the enfp dialogue for rejecting and do the infp dialogue for accepting you cannot really compare a yes with a ... i propose that factotum is good film for infps ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eLwyNvQ_Jn4 admirable ... the reality of drudgery in the world http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkgcPUipU2s a good cover starts off a bit weak but ... '