' * facepalms * stupid-person addition : intpf has auto-banned all . com email addresses : tongue : . i was cutting the lawn and remembered sillytree trying to sign up there , and it wouldn't let ... ok , first things first : when i scrolled down to create a new thread , i noticed that it had nephy listed as the moderator of the spam forum . i'm not exactly sure how that works , but it's ridiculous ... yeah ... plus , lance , you have a fairly consistent minority in the irc room they have set up ( the few times i've poked my head in there ) . on average , it's fuller than the flashchat ... probably ... you're not an s by any chance , are you daylight ? i've never really had a problem finding stuff to talk about with the entj i know , but i've never known an s ( except for istps ) who i could talk to ... i like the reinstante neph approach from nemesis . he did a perfectly fine job , and i liked his style . being an infp i don't think you'll have a huge problem with this--but don't accuse them of impure motives or being in the slightest selfish until there's deep trust between you and they've seen your ... no problem ... i hope this all works out well for you : happy : sounds good : happy : . thanks so ... i went onto irc.ecnet.org and registered channel #personalitycafe . i'm hoping ( sometime over the next few days ) to write up a very clear how to get there thread for people who don't know ... huh ... hm .. that one i don't have any idea on , really . get's turned on by possessiveness seems like it'd be an ' uh oh ' sign for me ... but i'm not even positive on that , either . i can't even ... um ... yeah , no . i definitely don't think boundaries as rules are good . to what kevin said , though ... i don't think i much agree with any of it ( minus the boundaries thing ) . even when i was ... actually ... i don't think it'd be a huge problem . just get one of your nerdy intps or intjs to write up a how-to for getting to the irc channel . and , if it's too hard to use any sort of real ... this thread died sooo long ago ...   ... and jenn hasn't been on the forum since march ( or , as it turns out , posted more than ~ 10 times since january ) what do you mean , wonders about hidden motivations all the time ? for some reason , when you put it that way , it's like a whole blocked-chunk of my memory popped open , and i realize that i did that ... uh oh ... warning signs all over that one . not so much different definitions of respect ... stuff like that's bound to happen . not thinking people are worth his time often-enough that you know how ... i've been trying to tell snail her guy seemed a lot more intj-ish for months now : laughing : thisprotest : first--you sound like an isfp to me . it hardly matters , but it's just what i saw . second , ... if this was a joke , it's a damn good one , and made me laugh : laughing : . if this was serious , then i have to say , as someone who researched nuclear power generation pretty thoroughly for his ... when i suggested you made this thread , i had only read the first 1/4 or 1/3 of it or so ... but i actually thought it went downhill towards the end : sad : . if i remember right ( having read this a few ... wait , are you an enfj , or an enfp ? this was in the enfj section , and you talked about manipulative enfjs as we , but your mypersonality signature says enfp . i haven't known any enfjs ( maybe ... http://www.thebestpageintheuniverse.net/images/bigpot6.jpg ^ ^ sponsor a vegetarian today ! ( note : i hate this site--but i thought this picture was funny as hell ) maybe something like similarminds or mbtic ? the world is their forum . alanna ftw i read though that site ... but honestly , the main impression i got is that anyone with a reasonably strong ne could find a way to see almost anyone as a manipulator using those tactics . even the ... choosing c instead of b shifts it from 4 to 6 , which looks like it fits you well except for the direct and assertive parts . still not a 1 , though ! : laughing : i came out 5 on here , but other descriptions that i've read ( not trope's here , but ones on other sites ) make me look more like a 9 . i think i just really like how the healthy 9s act when they're in ... doesn't bother me , either . it would be nice if the thanked posts link actually took you to a list of posts that were thanked , though . a few times someone must have archive-binged and thanked one of ... definitely . i know an esfj with social anxiety disorder ( if you can believe that ) . i'd personally rather be alone like 85-90 % of the time , actually , but am hardly shy at all . well , i've only taken the intro level mechanics class ( my real serious one with differential equations and stuff comes next fall ) , but there are a few things i've got to look forward to next fall ... right , right , sorry . i don't mean getting to know people in general but you , person , specifically or you , group , as a type . that sucks , the prison environment . not too many--hardly any at all , actually . this place is predominantly infp , so it's filled mostly with threads that would help you get to know people better . the arguments are ugly , though--much ... hey you . my activity over there has dwindled considerably , so i didn't really notice that things didn't work out too well ( after your first few weeks there , that is ) , but good luck here : happy : hear , hear . thinkers--especially sensing thinkers ( less likely to sense other peoples ' feelings at all ): take note . start to look at emotions and emotional distress as something tangible , and ... been there done that ( will need an account for that one , but it's longer and therefore better ) that as an excuse to say : happy birthday alanna ! no , not really . well , sort of . the closest thing i had was while working on building a set for a play in high school , i was up on the highest level of a scaffolding ( ~ 50 feet ) above the hard-wood ... 1 . you're right . it's because sensors are the majority . 2 . unless you're an n , which he is . 3 . see # 1 4 . yeah . i really can't complain here . it surely would be . 5 . they get a short-lived ... not at all , lol . the first forum i stumbled onto with mbti was intp forum , and i've seen way more found a bunch of people who are just like me ! s than i ever expected to in my time there . fair enough : 1 . imagination is more substantive than reality . 2 . making things into reality takes effort , which reduces the energy you have left to imagine things . 3 . imagining experience is ... let me be clear : i do not condone country music . that said , youtube - brad paisley-online ( with lyrics ) : laughing : that was a fantastic post all around ( i think you might set the most-thanks-in-one-post record : happy :) , but i found this part especially true . chawk : even if everyone did know themselves to the ... did you just ask an intp to come up with possible motives , expecting that flipping the question around would make it harder to answer ? you're one e away from making a very foolish argument , dear ... this is , to be honest , extreme-f talk , lol . intjs are quite moral people , in that they hold to their principles and do what they see to be right ( blasting down all the obstacles in their way , i ... why would one want to do that ? - - and welcome it's quite simple , really . in theory , only few people know how to solve them . in practice , most people just frustrate themselves if they try . : laughing : that made my day ! eek ! * squeezes his easily-mensa-capable , spiritually-committed nf-treasure so she can't get away * i'm lucky you weren't here 6 months ago : tongue : yea ... pretty much what psilocin said . i'd lay off of whatever emotional arguments you're trying , if you can , because i tend to get pissed off at someone ( or something--if it's like a song or ... lol good ! please don't stop working on it . anything that you say could flip an sj's world upside-down has got to be worth reading . what are some good charles williams books ? i've never heard of him ( i really didn't like reading for a very long time ... still don't really ... so i've only read ~ 12-15 books ) , but that hideous ... haha yea , it kinda is . i dont think i'd be there at all if i didnt enjoy talking to wisp , jesin , weliddryn , and chimera in the irc room . this place was the same though , a little bit ago , and ... '