' intp . i'd charge them for knowing my name . i don't think this has anything to do with my type , but it's the best way to make money . it would have the most payoff , especially when filling out ... if you burn a cake , would trying to fix it make it better ? it's my personal thing , do try to fix what you already broke , just stop breaking things . i'm almost certain we would screw it up more ... it happens to me , too . there's a general consensus of i don't do that kind of stuff . among my friends . so i don't get invited to ( or told about ) many places because they don't think i'd like it ... i clean when i want to rearrange my room . if company comes by , i just make sure there's a path to walk , and no underwear or something on the desk . there really isn't too much clutter , since i shove ... i also don't think there's any difference between men and women , it's just how they're brought up in our society coupled with stereotypes and an us vs . them mentality . are you certain you weren't always an ixtp depending on your inferior function fe in a time of stress ? just an idea . if it was many years ago , i highly doubt breaking the wall changes anything ... became ? why do you think it's not your actual personality ? how sure are you of this ? do you remember what you believed yourself to be like before ? leat ; aaah . i see . if you do follow my advice , rather than dodging it in between layers , i'd just do so after flattening . it sounds like you have too many layers to do it in between . and now i'm confused . ^ ^ ; what genres do you like ? i could recommend things from the recent lineups . if you don't mind weird words , and watch on website that show the anime genres , look for : seinen ( aimed at college ... oh man . you're too hardcore for me . i might never be able to beat that . answering the question , i hate coffee , and i only drink caffeine-free soda . i've had a couple sips of monster and ... leat not removed completely . just lightened enough to remove the pure black . it should still retain it's depth and deep color . also , i meant shadows , not mid-tones ; i didn't double check what i ... leat i thought about it for a while and came to somewhat of a conclusion . the font isn't a uniform color . the beginning letters are quite light , while the other parts are a bit dark , almost black in ... hmmm ... what kind of effects did you use on the font ? isn't it funny how you keep trying to frame yourself as the victim ? while it might be wrong for people to deny that men and women are inferior to each other in varying aspects , what exactly are ... i still do not agree . you are still profiling on the basis of sex which encourages sex discrimination and sterotyping . it may make more sense to you to be more cautious of men , but i do not see it ... quite nice . i'm not a big final fantasy fan , but i love the way you put this signature together . i love the texture . however , i have a small critique if you don't mind it . the font seems wrong for ... isn't it quite unfair to only be afraid of a man raping you ? women can rape women , too . it's blatant sexism . you should be wary of any person following you after dark , whether male , female , or ... explain the other half of the rant please . or pop rocks and rock candy perhaps ? i'm not sure who your partner is , but i wouldn't accept any gift sitting down or close to anyone's crotch . it can only mean two things ... or three if it's ... it's not too helpful when every past experience is saying danger ; once bitten twice shy . a stab in the dark but , fear of rejection ? if it's not going to work , i'd rather not try , it usually ends badly . i couldn't tell if i was the only one who noticed you spelled awkward wrong , or if everyone was just deciding not to say anything . i was going to say something , but then i realized ista noticed ... how is it meaningful if you picked it up off the ground ? wouldn't it be nicer if you made it ? i don't comprehend the romance . how is that different from picking up a piece of shiny , nicely shaped ... you forget ankle and neck nudity was also a problem for women in early europe . fathers were worried their poor sexually-deprived sons would go out of their minds upon seeing such a thing . so women ... i couldn't have said it better . i've always hated blogs about people's lives . most often , it's just relationship rant , money rant , i'm-not-pretty / sexy / handsome rant , i'm-having-the-best-day-of-my-life-i'm-so-happy entry , then ... i got respectful thinker . pretty accurate . i quite liked this quiz . highest stats : trust in others 84 agency 80 spontaneity 74 lowest stats : confidence 18 femininity ... i know intermediate japanese ( reading and listening ) and ( obviously ) fluent english , and a little latin ( reading ) and that's it . i'm not good with speaking japanese , since in conversation i can never ... ... feelings ? passion ? i don't think i'm qualified to answer this question , but i just do what i like . if i don't like it , i figure out why i don't like it , and practice mastering that skill to a ... uh ... thanks ? and move on . although i would probably spend a little too much time wondering why they said it and the motive behind it . ~ ixtp well , i'm still researching the functions , but i took the test on similar minds and got : introverted ( i ) 68.57 % extroverted ( e ) 31.43 % intuitive ( n ) 52.38 % sensing ( s ) 47.62 % thinking ( t ) 74.29 % ... luanne : it kind of helps . thank you . hannachi : ooh ~ reading material . thanks . i've taken the quiz before , but i don't exactly remember my results ... it was intp and possibly something else . i'd take it again , but it seems the site is down . thank you for the reply hannachi . i think istp is pretty likely , since i think i previously mis-typed as an intp . i'm certain i have ti and possibly fe , but not quite sure concerning se / si and ni / ne . well , i wouldn't start cutting open corpses , but you want to know how the body bends and flexes so you can draw it better . that way you take less time going why does this arm look wrong ? and more ... draw as much as you can , and learn anatomy . i'm trying to improve my my drawing as well , i wish you luck . : 3 this was part boredom , and part wanting to see you guys at work ... but i want to verify my type . ~ ~ 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful ... i both love and hate sleeping . i wish i could just sleep all day and work at night , but when i wake up i feel completely awful . getting to sleep is extremely awkward . i'm horrible with directions . i can only really get to places i can visualize , because i can then make a map of sorts in my head . other than that , people tell me street names , and i have no clue ... i identify as a hetero-romantic asexual until further notice . i'm one of the ones who doesn't find sex gross ( in theory , it's actually extremely gross , but i'm not anti-sex ) , but i don't see any ... if i read correctly , cabinet a requires that you ask what you want to know , while cabinet b just gives you the knowledge . taking in both the contents of both cabinets and the way they work , i would ... ' if you ’ re of a certain age and you meet someone who you are about to go to bed with , and that person doesn ’ t have a facebook page , you may be getting a false name . it could be some kind of red ... i'm no good with timed writing . on the sat ( pre-college testing ) , i didn't start writing until the 20 minute warning mark . unfortunately , i knew what i wanted to write by that point but didn't finish ... stone 100674 ; ah , i wasn't sure which one it was . thank you . in order : the super-intellectual variant - always . i kind of just shut down and become robotic . the nitpick variant - but i kind of do that already . the that's illogical variant - i do this in the ... figureskater ; stone 100674 ; perkele thank you very much . bear 987 i can't say i do , but i have a slight idea . ... i hate introductions . i guess it just comes with the territory . hello all , i'm your newest intp , or at least i think i am . it's the only result i got after double checking using around 4 different ... '