' my sister ( not sure on her type yet , possibly ixfp ) , is very similar to this . she is really , really into anime . she's seen over 100-200 different types of anime . her entire room is covered in ... while i don't know if i am an intj or not ( possibly making my opinion irrelevant ) , i would choose the child , no doubt . heck , i would choose to save a criminal over the mona lisa . i would even do so ... since we were originally on the subject of gays , is the point to show how gays are treated as a minority ? i see how that makes sense , seeing as it's not seen the same as other issues . a father and ... perhaps i jumped the gun . instead of just answering the question , i decided to pile up my beliefs on the matter . let me try again . i don't know all what the situation entails , but no , it doesn't ... there shouldn't be differences between man and woman , except where necessary . when in a relationship , you talk things out . sometimes an issue just has to be decided however . that's when someone ... are you referring to my beliefs on being gay ? if so , i'm not concerned with being ' supportive ' , but rather with being accurate . i wasn't posting to bash others , but simply stating my stance on the ... i'm a christian , and i will be honest and say that i believe it's wrong to be gay . that doesn't mean i want to start shooting them though . they're just like anyone else who does something i believe ... i don't necessarily disagree with the notion of evolution . like you said , evolution itself doesn't contradict christianity ( or other religions , for that matter ) . the problem is the theories that are ... i know this was said a while back , but i wanted to respond to some questions that were asked . labels are meaningless . any label , any occupation , only holds weight if you stay true to them . ... depends on how much you want / need it , and if the cost is justified . personally , i liked having a smartphone . there aren't any real complaints i have about them . they work great , i was able to do ... looking at the clock , noticing that i should technically be clocked in for work in 4 minutes , yet it's a 20 minute drive to work . i don't want to go , i want to lurk on perc and play my game . i ... eren - esfp armin - intj mikasa - istj jean - estj connie - isfj i experience similar . for the most part , ti and ne are able to work well together . i feel like ti sometimes gets mad at the overflow of ideas though , while sometimes ne just wants off of the leash ! ... in what setting does the loop occur ? while putting your idea into practice ? or when simply dwelling on the idea ? if the latter , the answer could be that ni will retrieve the idea , but a j function ... i think i have come to understand ni pretty well . first of all , no function is smarter or better than another . people talk about ni as being similar to a super power ( in a sense , at least ) . ... this thread = my dad . my dad and i often misunderstand each other , and we both end up getting very frustrated . dad : where were you ? me : i was only gone for 5 minutes . ( implying that i ... i think saving money is very much a j thing ( not xxxj , but ji / je ) . while a ji user's priority isn't to focus on the external world , they still primarily us a judging function . they may not save ... third time's a charm ! one more go at it . anyone interested in doing an mbti video with an intp ? if not now , just pm me and we can possibly plan for a date / time for later on . edit : i posted a ... funny thing is , while i was thinking to myself while pacing last night , this very concept came to my mind . i was imagining myself doing an mbti video , and thinking of how i would describe the ... can do one in the next few minutes . otherwise , i'll have to wait until tomorrow or monday . whatever works . alright , thanks for the offer . i know of that particular thread , which i posted in . i was anxious to get an mbti video going , guess i'll just have to be patient though . have fun ! anyone up for doing a video ? i'm mostly interesting in discussing mbti stuff . if someone wants to chat , let me know . if not about mbti stuff , let me know what you had in mind . anyone have time for a quick video ? 20-30 minutes , possibly longer ? i'm an intp ( until proven otherwise ) . where was this in oregon ? i have some friends who did something similar . they live near eugene ( not a small town , but oh well ) , not necessarily rich , but they have it pretty good . it was a girls ... and , i'd love to chat when i can . i want to do an interaction video . i love to talk about type theory , and share ideas of how i think it works and talk about behaviors in people ... hey bozo , i never posted our interaction video did i ? sorry about that . i've been real busy lately , but i'll have to try and take a look at it sometime . anyway , i'd love to do a video with ... in this case especially i won't take a screen shot . on my samsung galaxy i will get redirected to ( warning ! porn website ! ) badoink.com from time to time , which happens to bother me a lot . when you wonder why threads like this even exist ( especially for intps ) since we know this is only furthering stereotyping ; but then you realize that all of the personalities of each type ( intp , ... inf jay , i can definitely relate to the i deserve this mentality . in more than just loneliness too . i do have a hard time understanding my intentions , but i partially think it is self pity and ... yeah i suppose i can relate . i know i am for sure an ne user , but my function ordering is likely ti-ne , so mine is not as extreme . my ideas are not so frequent , and they are usually focused or ... doesn't just about anything wacky point to ne ? it's so weird , and out there ... i've heard people mention problems of walking into walls while thinking . does anyone else experience this ? sure , ... i pace like crazy when thinking and talking ( mainly when my brain goes into hyper mode ) . i can't help but stop what i'm doing to pace . it seems to help me somehow . my ideas flow through with ease ... you know you're an intp when ... you question the accuracy / reliability of this thread ? when you then question this specific post for the very same reasons ? before my post initiates a possible war , some of my statements might be taken negatively . if you seriously have a problem with something i say , you are more than welcome to message me about it . ... i do . i developed a habit of going to bed around 3-4 am and would get up around 11 am or so . now i just have an excuse to have that sort of sleeping schedule . i normally get off of my night job ... hmm ... a buckeye fan . i'm a duck fan . i love to watch just about any college football game . i like to watch some of other sports too , but mainly just college football . as far as sports that i ... i have support and emotional support if needed from my friends and family , but any advice of how to get past this struggle would be helpful . to an extent i seek support , such as from someone who has ... i seem to have an obsession with certain details i come across . i'm not always picky about things , but when it comes to certain situations i go to the extreme . one example is my messy room . i tend ... when i am in chat or texting i do use ' chat talk ' , but even in those cases i will attempt to use proper english at times . in real life , email , and posts on forums however , i almost always try to use ... i'm not entirely sure about whether i use fe or fi , but my viewpoint isn't really based on my functions anyways . i think it has more to do with my upbringing ( though , it might normally be based on ... such an epic song . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EUZD1MEgnaU i too have been bouncing between intp and infp ( or rather between the 4 xnxp types ) . your posts do seem a bit rushed and scattered . when posting i try to be concise , but it often ends up just how ... i don't do it as much as others might , but yes , i can relate to a lot of what this writer is saying . 99.999 % of christians are doing it wrong . that percentage only gets bigger as you add more people to the mix . if someone truly wants to know , they'll find out what i mean by that . others , ... i go every week . i like to go whenever i can , and no , i am not forced to go . whether i really am an intp or not , i have analyzed my beliefs for a few years now . i can see logical flaws too . ... i agree with previous posters about remixes , for the most part . there are some i really like , others are decent , but the majority of them i don't much care for as i learned to like the original . ... my sister ( who i'm pretty sure is an infp ) has often complained when others tell her that she is weird ( weird isn't bad ) , or that she needs to smile or talk more . there might be more in this thread ... this is like a never ending penny auction ... don't . i'm only 20 , and i knew the reference right away . but then again , i do have a 30 year old brother , and he is the one who originally showed me monty python . so anyway , i'm going to totally ignore you and praise someone else's ugly foobar . but seriously , it does look good . i like both of them , a lot of coding went into that . '