' you are 47.2 % good . you are 38.5 % lawful . alignment : lawful good my results about 3 years ago : 47.2 % good . 46.2 % lawful . changing my core from 7w6 to 6w7 since i agree that it seems to fit me better ( i really appreciate your help with that , dark romantic :P ) user name tritype instinctual subtype i wrote this yesterday , but i've started to feel drained by the discussion and don't really wish to continue it like this . pm's or a less general thread might do . possibri what was it that ... romantic i have a tendency to use words the same way other people use them , and that was the only way i could agree with those labels having anything to do with entp's , and i presumed that ... i guess i had the wrong definition in my head . amoral to me sounded like having no intrinsic belief in the rightness of societal moral standards . which is true for me . like even if i had been born in ... thanks , needed the feedback > < this might disappoint you , but i don't want to ruffle anyone's feathers . i just know that i personally want clear cut opinions , and my post is lined with ... i wonder how you guys handle stuff like this , and how this colors your perception of me .. - i've yet to find any entp's online comments funny in any way - i think a majority of you on this forum ... i was way too slow and now my writing's outdated .. i'll post it anyway since i can't be bothered to redo it , and i'd like to defend carol's point without resorting to the thank system ( i'm for some ... are you guys bad at english or what ? synonyms / similar words are made to fit different contexts , and these differences are important if you want to convey your message as accurately as possible ... that rule makes sense to me since swearing isn't just about using specific words . instead of get the ___ away from there ! you're supposed to say get away from there ! . then another thing ... it makes more sense to keep permanent options unchecked so that those who don't want to use it , aren't forced to keep unchecking it every time they log in . haven't thought about this for real yet , but i dislike the idea of leaving myself behind in any way , so hopefully nothing has to be done or thought of that's got something to do with me . if i'm still ... my first mistype was infj , and while i read the description , i was like what , all these things that i've put loads of effort into figuring out were already a part of my personality to begin with ? , ... good / evil scale has nothing to do with mbti btw . just mentioning this to prevent harmful stereotyping . that color is so last year .. i actually strive to be 100 % honest on the internet : o . that saying would work as a joke in real life though . acts based on actual empathy aren't selfish . when i'm being empathic , i don't help some guy because it makes me feel good , i help because it will make him feel good . my actions are based on his ... i don't use any mind bending substances , nor do i smoke . i have nothing against alcohol though as long as it doesn't manage to affect me in any way . are you guys seriously thinking about tricking people for money ? screw you these kind of jokes don't mix well with the internet . you can never know how many low-lives there are who'd actually listen to this kind of advice . considerate idealist . applause i like seeing things i haven't seen or thought of yet and the concept was funny . my impulse reply would have been something like haha , nice one . edit : i wish i had been a minute ... the reason why i tell the truth and don't sugar coat things is because i think it's unfair against the people i'm competing with , and it's unfair against the company i'm trying to get into since ... i only troll when i'm 100 % sure people will know i'm kidding . i've yet to troll on the internet , but i do it frequently everywhere else . aef 8234 : 7w6 , 3w4 , 8w7 . agent blackout : 5w6 / 7w6 , 9w1 , 4w5 , ( sx / so / sp ) asewland : 7w6 , 3w2 , 8w7 boxter 9 : 3w4 , 7w6 , 9w8 carfacce : 6w5 , 3w2 , 9w1 dark romantic : 7w8 , 8w7 , 4w3 / 3w4 ( sx / so / sp ) desouza : ... and ruin the kid's image of both of his parents ? i hope you weren't being serious .. edit : i just noticed that the kid is 7 months old o . o . i'm still heavily opposed to cheating though . i also got neutral instead of good in this one . your total npi score is 12 . authority : 2 self-sufficiency : 2 superiority : 2 exhibitionism : 1 exploitativeness : 0 vanity : 3 entitlement : 2 i'm a bit lost , but i hope i've guessed the theme right ( priorities of existence ) . social : 1 . perfecting myself . which to me means acquiring enough wisdom in order to never have to regret my ... i view them as myself . i'm still having trouble believing in the fact that people taste things differently , but maybe i'll someday hear the physical explanation as to what causes it and finally be ... i've only liked reading stuff that's written by j . k . rowling or r . a . salvatore . can anyone here do this without tools and without taking advantage of mental images ? that's a great thing to know since tests like to tell me i'm an f :p ___ i've thought about it some more , and i think that this could in some way summarize it : seeking knowledge for ... my question relates to what i didn't enjoy while studying . i have always had 0 interest in philosophers , singers , politicians , or to put it bluntly , anyone you ended up studying about . i might be ... something in this thread just forced me to post mine http://s11.postimage.org/yef8hrw4j/desktop.jpg the only classes i ever looked forward to were music , english and gym . i was reallly excited about psychology , but the teaching was completely wrong , so i only took one class which i barely even ... it looked like sly answered the name of the thread , and it's clear that nobody here really believes in the existence of happy well functioning entp type 1 ' s , which i can't comment on because i ... how do you guys get to these conclusions ? i'm very interested in hearing the reasoning . i'm pretty sure , but i've never gotten critique regarding my type so i'm unaware what other people think about it . i've been studying mbti solely to understand myself ( understanding other's through ... i haven't done any tests recently , but most of them have told me that i'm type 1 . the enneagram test results you see in my signature came from this site's test . to businessman : [ removed as well , then ] i've been thinking about the car thing , and i was wrong about it . the first thing i actually think about is their lack of integrity . then i think about their irresponsibility . i wouldn't look at it ... i think that entp's have a dark core , at least i do . i'm saying this because i'm always flipping situations around in my head and look at them from a if i were lying angle , and i put little tidbits ... i have no opinion about infp's or the relationship you had , i'm just wondering about what you meant here . emotional bullshit ? is that your general opinion about f-based reactions , or are there other ... do you find yourself constantly thinking about whether something is doable or not ? will the cat always fall on her feet , can your dog do backflips , can you juggle with your three pets , are you able ... i got 42 and i think i'm way too empathetic .. i feel my tear canals activating whenever i see a sad expression , so i wonder what people with over 60 + are like , presuming that this test is valid of ... i don't know anything about borderline cases , but i have some personal experience regarding being mistyped . right now i score around - 30 % e , 85 % n , - 30 % t , - 1 % p , and yet i'm sure that i'm an entp , ... i would like to hear the reasoning .. this might be useless , but in the not so recent pages of this thread ( somewhere in 2009-2010 ) people were giving manipulation all sorts of funky definitions . the word manipulation is meant to carry a ... do you think that it is simply not possible , or that it is an unhealthy state for an entp to be ? you are 47.2 % good . you are 46.2 % lawful . alignment : lawful good you all suck ! :( ( in response to the stuff i read on the early pages , isn't directed towards everyone ) '