' mechanical engineering ( 5 years at university ) , what's the equivalent in the us educational system ? interesting thread i think that every intj must have a plan to acquire financial freedom , for me i set this goal about 10 years ago , at that time i was in university getting my engineering . after ... big yes as many as possible interesting topic , i live in country exporting oil ( algeria ) and i consider oil as a curse , because in wrong hands totalitarian regimes ( like here ) have enormous power over everything . because of oil ... root : under-active ( - 19 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 38 % ) only the best : 1 . october sky 2 . pay it forward 3 . whale rider 4 . great expectations 5 5 . enemy at the gates 6 . able and kane ( mini series ) 7 . the last castle 8 . rhe shawshank redemption in high school i never blended with the crowd , i kept my distance from everyone , later in life i forced myself to connect with people ( part of the learning curve ) and after few years i found it ... i was watching a shocking video about a women being stoned to death by isis terrorists what torn me apart is that her father is the one who delivered her to them and he even participated in killing ... i had bad experience with estjs , enfjs nope but when i would do it to teach someone a leson to never f * * * with me . i know this co-worker which have to be an estj , he is really mean and made of pure evil , he always try to trick other people for no reason , stabbing everyone in his back , a snitch , a chameleon , i ... the sound of a cat 3512 i hate summer , long , dry , burning sun . i do supprot it , in case of murder . when i read the description i finally knew who i'm , all my life i tried to fit in the society , tried to change who i'm but now it's a different story i know who i'm and what i'm capable of , i know ... don't do it i love nature , i like to learn about the ecological system and how balance is maintained in wilderness ( maybe humans one day can learn how to coexist with all creations ) . the field by lynne mctaggart as an intj in my late 20 ’ s , i feared of many things thru my life , but the thing is that they change ( at least for me ) in my early years i was afraid of my teacher , dogs , people and my father .  ... the only time i had crush on girl and it was in my early years , i really liked that damn girl . now no one can make me feel the same . later in life many girls had crush on me i donx 92t know how to ... gambling is a waste of time and money i'm very protective to my family , usually i don't show it , but i'm there for them when ever they are in trouble or need help especially my orphan sister with two kids , her husband passed away ... if i have the money to spend on research i would focus on the practical fields of science like math , physics ( all banchs including astronomy ;p ) , helthcare , engineering and maybe psychology because ... existential depression , wow , that's exctely the situation i'm in , i felt it for long time and still frustrates me . questioning every thing and feel like you hit the bed rock , movies enemy at the gates - 2001 the last casstle - 2001 kane and abel - 1985 great expectations - 1998 october sky - 1999 a beautiful mind - 2001 men of honor - 2000 whale rider - 2002 all my entire life i remember crying one time when my grandmother died i was 11 . last month my heart was torn apart from the sudden death of my brother in law , he was nice hard working guy who does ... algeria , north africa why ? i find it hilarious . impersonal stuff : i'm loyal , confidante , devoted , truthful , competent , efficient ; but don't expect them same from others . personal stuff : i try to do my best when i get the opportunity and make ... i like to sleep as early as possible and wake up in early morning so i would have the entire day to exploit . last night i slept at 8 pm , usually it ' between 8 to 10 pm , and in the morning i wake ... last week i was talking and debating one of my colleagues in the presence of another friend then i went to close an open door , in that moment i heard my debater calling me stupid ; when we started ... i fear forgetting who ix92m . i fear losing the battle of life . i fear uncertain future . i fear being powerless or dependent on others . i fear a lot of things , but i tend to focus on my strongest ... i used to be interested in science a while ago ; i enjoyed physics , math , and history . for now i more interested to developing methods and practical solutions for many problems and figuring a way to ... fuck politics & politicians , no good come from them , they are blood suckers . they all try to rob people's money i stopped caring about politics a long time ago , no honor in it . lately i had big headache in dealing with my boss ( literally a retarded douche bag ) and i started losing myself and my independence in doing this boring job , so i was thinking about starting my own ... i'm silent like death . it takes a lot to make talk my thoughts loud ( i keep every thing for my self ) . racism is a social behavior of scared people , it is very destructive of human value . the main reason for it's existence is the people's desire to dominate and exploit other people because they feel ... for the next 3 years , this is my plan : personal level : find my soul mate and marry her . work : establish an agricultural project in the near future and have my own business ( i ’ m thinking about olive ... the latest thing ... , about 6 months ago i made chlorine gas ( cl2 ) in a closed room ( almost killed myself ) . b positive i like it , that's what i got crackpot - intj people hate you . paris hilton hates nicole richie . lex luther hates superman . garfield hates mondays.but none these even rates against the ... i think that it depends on the subject , for example if i'm interested i could finish reading a 200 pages book in 8 hours and understand it completely ( even in a foreign language like english to me ) , ... facebook is one of the worst inventions , it increases the peoples stupidity and is a total waste of time . fuck facebook time : right now . place : north / south pole logic ... no , being a president is boring and a total waste of my talents , however i like to be the owner of multinational corporation ( that's real power ) . more enfps = a better world . hey man , you started a lot of threads . math advice : try to change your mental perception of math , it's all in your head , if you imagine it easy i will be easy and funny , there are many books that ... good bye , see you later usually i don ’ t care very much to establish friendships , however sometimes when i see some qualities i may lean to make a friendship ( with extreme caution ) . i do appreciate logic , knowledge , self ... '