' i used to date an intp chick . i didn't feel comfortable with the silence so i had to think about things to talk about and i had to initiate conversations and i ended up being the active one . i could ... rau 4ever , i dislike arguments too . we will make up eventually . i've told her what happened and i told her i didn't forget anything . i didn't apologise but i probably will when i can make it ... me ! still dealing with my estj narcissist mother . i think infps are easy targets how it works in practice really depends on yourself . if you're the perfect child to your narcissist parent ( i used to ... thanks for the good points bago . i've got some thinking to do now . we are in the beginning in many ways . communication-wise at least . thanks for the responses . i also didn't think white lies would come naturally if you're an estj . i often tell white lies to certain estj . i don't want them to worry about me ( and give advice or their ... it's been great reading all the responses here . i think exactly the same way . i probably should've given you more context earlier but for some reason i didn't think it would be necessary . not ... thanks everyone . very interesting reading . i'm happy to see that estj's seem to understand much more than i expected . apparently my estj mom also has a npd so her answers to my questions are very ... i've just read pages after pages about npd and narcissist mothers and it's scary how familiar all of it sounds . somehow it feels like a huge relief too . i haven't been able to check my email in a few ... how she judged me : instead of showing any interest in any of the messages that i wrote to her , she says that you forgot it . it's not important to you that's the judgement . hm .. i also don't ... thanks for the link justjac . that's very interesting . obviously i'm not even getting the apology language that i look for ( genuinely repent ) . my apologies to others are much shorter . i don't ... my enfp partner is telling me now if you don't say sorry to me , you will not see me anymore . anyway , i'm not very confident when it comes to dealing with enfps and i don't have any previous ... so many real kisses ! so here's an imaginary one which will actually happen every now and then because i'm lucky :) it's somewhere private or even public if it's possible to ignore the ... i would say some of the behavior is more about personality than maturity but regarding maturity , i can think of a couple that i consider immature : - saying i told you so . - holding a grudge . i'm a teacher too ( cs ) ! i love kids but i actually prefer teaching at the undergraduate level . i've done lots of lecturing and supervising at graduate and post-graduate levels too but that often ... my estj mother decided to give me a lecture about saying thank you at a family get-together . well it didn't end there . to strengthen her arguments , she's now sent me links to articles about ... what does it mean when an estj apologises ? 1 . i'm sorry that i hurt you ... ? no that doesn't sound right . let's try again . 2 . i'm sorry that you got hurt but it wasn't my fault ... ? maybe not . one ... wickedqueen your post here doesn't sound like an estj wrote it at all ! ! i'm just about to lose my sanity with my estj mother . there's no common ground ! she came over for a family luncheon and she ... i'm struggling to understand and cope with an estj so i've come here once again because i'm not getting any answers from that estj . she's not answering my questions because she's not sure that it ... interesting post by chef sean . i rarely post here anymore but i couldn't resist with this one . i might even see a few things that seem to go wrong . first , why are you after infp girls ? if you're ... what kind of sex isn't slutty ? i forgot to mention something . when an infp has casual sex with others , it's not exactly the same thing as someone else having it . right ? it also doesn't mean that ... easy answer to the easy question : no you're not the only one . but telling about it to others ? if it doesn't hurt anyone and if others bring it up , then why not . although they say that infp's are very ... i think my estj mom has diagnosed me with one of these conditions , aspergers or autism . i've never thought i've got any of those but how would i know ? no one has ever suggested that i take any tests ... how about billy joel : just the way you are . one of my recent favs :) i've done it too and i've been choosing love all the way no matter what i've had to discard . yup i used to have a career . oh well . you do whatever makes you happy , and to each their own ... ( i think ... i couldn't agree more with jerseydevil ( hockey fan ? ) you can change your life and make your dreams come true and that's not even the end of the dreams . you'll have more dreams later but sometimes you ... i don't have experience of either field , but i do have the experience of the difficult choice which isn't really that difficult once you try both . my choice has been between working for a ... sure i've been through that but i'm not trapped anymore :) here's what i did : i quit my job , sold my house , moved to the other side of the world . wife and kids haven't follow me ... not yet anyway ... how old are you espresso ? if you don't mind me asking ... i had to reflect on this in the past until i was in a long-term relationship with a girl and that pretty much made it clear to me . it might ... i don't think she's selfish . she can find someone who wants exactly the same thing and they could be a perfect couple , both giving each other the same illusion ( of inequality ) ... or if not , i'm ... i think i disagree with this one . i had a 7-8- year relationship with an enfj who didn't have the same ideals as me in the beginning but she slowly adopted my ideals , probably because of her e . it was ... why is this complete acceptance a goal anyway ? why not give her something to tease you about ? something that she can feel good about because she's better ? if the lady is the right one for you , she'll ... good points forsakenme . obviously there's going to be someone with the video camera so you'll get to laugh at yourselves later too . but yeah if you're both i's , you might not have as many friends ... i was never organized enough to do the organizing myself and i also made that clear when i figured out over 600 people would be attending . pretty much everyone was invited and there was room for ... brisbane ... ? because the type infp describes me . it's never 100 % accurate because not all infp's are the same . where did the physical boxes and physical limitations come from ? i never thought thinking ... then why would my friends accuse me of plagiarism ? i couldn't possibly take credit for such a masterpiece . : happy : ... and if they played it on the radio at the same time , it wouldn't sound any ... some of us would turn into extroverts according to some theory . you may remove the biggest extroverts from the room .. and what happens ? some people in the room are still the biggest extroverts in the ... i think it's safe to assume that someone in their 30 ' s is more mature than someone who's just turned 20 . it can't be only infp's either who have an open mind and who learn from their mistakes . you ... thanks for your input everyone ! i'll give tea a try , i promise , although i might still need my fix ( of coffee ) too . i don't actually want to meet new strangers in coffee shops all the time . just ... i just love these arguments with tj's . it's like arguing with my estj mom . oh well . lirulin : it's exactly the same question that linguists ask about languages . you're a native speaker of your own ... i figured that coffee shops are very common places where you can find infps . i'm not surprised as i often want to find one ( a quiet one preferably , good coffee , good service , but not too popular ) . ... i don't have a problem if someone wants to call this music :) if it's music to someone ... then it must be music , right ? i don't even have to agree with them . i see a lot of personal opinions here . but is your world defined by you ? if someone else has a different idea of music , are they wrong ? i think everyone is entitled to have their own ideas . when ... i know the intense emotions but i've never really talked about the intensity of them when i've talked about my feelings . i still don't even know how to describe them . it can be a good or a bad ... i actually like the strong emotions when i'm by myself . i didn't realise that others might not have them until i heard about mbti . now i've also learned how to feel some of them whenever i want ! it's ... go for it refugee ! it only hurts once if she says no . you can't lose much . you might make a fool out of yourself but i'm guessing that you won't really care . i've been there a few times . what can go ... it's not any harder for males than it is for females . there are lots of female e's out there who can take the initiative and who can be brave when you're feeling shy . if being visible is hard , how ... ... when your wife finds your cell-phone in the fridge . honey-yy ... ? ... when you miss your bus stop because you were imagining something unreal and the 10 minutes real time on the bus took only 1 ... what are you talking about ? [ rolling their eyes ]: here we go again ... i find kevin's thnking a bit strange ( or just different ) . why can't thunderstorms and air conditioners be music ? ... and what's the definition of music anyway ? can't everyone have their own definition ... '