' gulf of alaska where two oceans meet it may seem impossible to intertwine . you may think these are water and oil rejecting each other though sleeping side by side in the same miserable bed . reading it you can really feel yourself out of breath , which really fits the meaning , very cool :) 474730 we got engaged ! there's something very harmonic and romantic about him being my first and my last . back when i just got to know him , long before i thought we had a chance of being together ... ha , the emotional comfort usually comes after a whole lot of begging . but i admit , i'm high maintenance and we both know it . : rolleyes :: wink : dear intp , learn when to cut the logic crap and offer and emotional satisfying comfort . know your audiance . sincerely , your deeply hurt infj long live the fracture the itch of the brain and the slow drumming thought of this trapped up oblivious monster that smudges across the floors aspiring to flood up to the ceiling with not else ... i don't have a hard time saying goodbye . i may come off to strangers or accquaitances as cold and indifferent , but the ones who know me well can tell it's actually the opposite . i don't know if that counts as a problem dealing with emotion ... i'm always drawn to intp and my boyfriend also happens to be one . i can say that he balances me out pretty well , especially with all the emotional craze that comes from the fe . what does happen ... oh , we sure fight , quietly , intently , comfortably , spew venom at each other , biting our fangs into the flesh , with all that cynicism , the criticism that we know so well , manipulation and all , ... i always test as an infj , but related to your descriptions of isfj . i've considered it before , but this psychology really is a bit inaccurate , depending on the understanding of the different ... when i find my way out of this blockage . it sucks :( right to the point as always , bubbleboy when you find it extremely hard to be happy regardless of what's happening to the close people around you you know when things around are falling apart and you feel the responsibility to be the superman to save it all , and then one thing gets solved but soon enough another pops right up ? so that . how do you become interested in things forcefully ? i don't seem to be very active in any kind of field and i honestly think i can deal with the frustration it comes with , because i can tone it down ... limp i think my words have started limping . not the momentary-cramp-kicking-off-beat kind but the broken-bone 5 - month-cast limp . like the marrow's been sucked right out , donated , given out ... 179914 the reason i've been missing from planet earth . he's my planet now . very much appreciated , thank you . i tend to multiply things in my head , so sorry for sounding overly dramatic . you know when a simple word or the wrong look from someone causes you to interpret them in a hurtful way ? i started feeling unloved because a co-worker who usually is an open book told the boss she ... it still amazes me how i can just put myself down in a second . it's as if i like ruining my own day for no reason . i think mine is pretty straightforward .. ? clumsy lines the problem with unlocked , is the freedom that it draws , how i taught myself to deny , defend , accuse of living with the eyes to the sky , of letting the feet walk in clumsy lines , ... serendipities you lie to rest under my rib wrestling the toxins as if you ever had a chance to win as if you could've run away when i told you to so poison ain't that hard to swallow when ... i started missing parts of you ; your ear , lap , shoulder . i started releasing parts of you , parts i couldn't name . for you had not been labeled but heard , held , stapled - to me . i started ... one thing that annoys me a whole lot is the gap between what i know to be true and what i actually feel . for example , even though i know that the fact that a friend didn't call me when she said she ... everywhere black i've felt everything grey there was to feel , i've been everywhere black there was to be , there were too many roads at the end of my light and darkness was only the lack ... someone here really donesn't believe in themselves ... from now on you're the person i'll talk to about this and a recent one that i get a lot while zoning out : you make scary faces all the ... when you have to convince yourself that it isn't your job to care for every mentally ill person you encounter on the bus . when your default expression is a worried one . it's been cold here lately . snow i've been lightly seeping from your bone , little bits , halves and fragments you've been seeping from mine . and how could i still wish for snow with my ... when just the simple thought of going to a loud party with loads of people gives you anxiety . poetry to please poetry to please , the worst of all disease . lining with silver where there is none , swimming in thunders drenched to the bone . poetry to please , godless expertise . taking ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HBD-UDgYOCc seemed appropriate . some kind of emptiness some dreams were meant for other people . i had my saved seat , the empty half of the half full glass . i was the one who believed the most in all of the things i couldn't ... skipping stones if you chased me you could catch me ' cause i don't come alone like skipping stones wave within a wave within a wave and a gravity center making its way out of the noise you ... wreckless out of boredom out of fucking boredom she tells me and i may be too close to see but thinking backwards won't do she's right it's out of boredom out of wreckless boredom ted is definitely an infj . i see myself in him a lot of times watching the show , to the point of believing that i'd be doing or thinking the same if i were caught in the same situations . mind you , ... said challenge has been cancelled . through the vein sometimes crazy rang right , and maybe i couldn't love anything but the thought of him , the circulation of it all , how it seeped through ... #poetrythathappenswhenyouretipsy iridescent have you ever talked about life with someone who spent all of theirs not knowing what it felt like to find the right piece of the puzzle who ... i'm going through this isfj period and i hate it . not because i have anything against isfjs , not at all . i just feel like this walking down memory lane every single minute of the day and remembering ... silly little minds i fell in love with the way you yelled at me because you believed in what you said because you felt it in your bones because you loved your words the way you didn't love a ... root : under-active ( - 69 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 19 % ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsEPMB5Usck happy getting used to is not the same as being happy being afraid of life is not the same as not wanting to live it settling is not the same as being happy nor are compromise and negotiation ... i came to a scary / sad conclusion today - i'm afraid of life . what a horrible way to live it . . i tried spoken word because i couldn't fit it all into a poem . i'm not ready to record this yet though .. october on october 1st i shot my first bullet . i ’ d be lying if i said i woke up with ... beware : a stupid , childish , boring and long vent that i , for some reason , found appropriate for this thread . the past few months have been so full of change , so fast-paced and hard to keep up ... used air lately , she's been staying up late with the coffee breath on her lips doubt kills all that failure left regret takes all that fear missed the ground hangs over her head she insists ... '