' 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? wear a lab coat and make crazy colored experiments ... 1 . favorite genre ? i suppose it'd be indie , but i love all music be it classical , old rock , metal , electronic , or even in languages i do not understand . 2 . song currently stuck in your head ? ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ygsx4IGTKQ&feature=fvwrel allow me to describe two drastically different feelings in two different circumstances . the first relationship i ended only lasted two weeks . quite frankly , i became bored , and the boy was ... this one is a rather recent treasure find . : tongue : that's the best revenge of all ... happiness . nothing drives people crazier than seeing someone have a good fucking life . - chuck palahniuk as all cliches hold an aspect of truth , actions speak louder than words . offer your silence and open your ears . just a little video project i did for my multimedia class final . i titled it airplanes . =) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nGH1YdUbnsA hm . this reminds me of a small event that happened in my childhood . me : * running toward glass sliding door * wooo ! lunch ! * stops and looks at door , not sure whether door is there , shrugs and ... pah ! never ! :P i just learn to say nothing . oh , and the ability to quickly change the flow of conversations is handy too . procrastinating is perfectly okay ! ... as long you procrastinate wisely . note to self , make sure to thoroughly read the whole stupid application and know exactly what it's asking for so you aint ... the spontaneity of the third choice has made my day . thank you very much . lol p . s . i like fish too . chemical engineering . i want to create . understand . discover . i want to unfold the truth behind the universe's workings , and i thought i'd start with the building blocks of all existence - - atoms . struggling through a site crash for nearly two hours , almost certain that the concert tickets were all out . the site crashed 30 seconds in the moment the tickets went up , after all . only 5000 ... is there any point to it ? i see that the point of life is as simple or as complex as one's own motivation to live it . i , for one , wish to be able to kneel before my god when i die and tell him that ... dulcinea yeah , i do a lot of public speaking as well ! so i've gotten rather confident in the way i carry myself around people . if it's a rehearsed presentation , then i do get a little nervous since ... well , i've been in the midst of testing , and had to disappear from the forums for a little while , but i'm returning with a topic while i'm at my half-way mark ! * hurrah * how do you guys handle ... someone once told me , what , you don't believe in yourself ? you feel worthless ? useless ? a failure ? shut the hell up . cause we believe in you . we all need you . and without you , we'd all never be ... i would think it's more a human thing than mbti . most people remember events that particularly struck them at the time , and forget things that are of less importance or less vivid , or in the case ... hokahey and you'll never know that i let you let me . ;D cause i must reiterate . i am not simply just the llamarider who rides upon the mighty llama god ... but i am also a ninja . : ninja : and ... interesting , but i'll have to deny the offer . :D ( i can simply just steal your words ... muahaha ! >:) you'll just never know when it's gonna happen ;P ) oh really ? how so ? by turning knobs on watches ? that's quite the superpower . bahaha :P unless of course you can manipulate time ! :P lol stole the words from my mouth ! > _ > lol bah .. i'm a sparkly vampire who just can't seem to die already . : mellow : ... : laughing : but on a more serious note , i'd say i'm rather child-like on a normal day-to-day basis . but if a ... i always thought i loathed kids until i was placed into a jumping house center as a supervisor ... i'm not fond of the children that curse or scream or are impeccably rude . as in , wow , ... when i'm immensely bored , i like to make weird faces such as this : http://i1168.photobucket.com/albums/r482/llamarider/face.png and i like making odd high-pitched tribal calls , too . i think ... oh my , i'm sorry to hear that ! D: well , think of it this way , everything will end up alright tomorrow ! and if your vet gives out free treats , then that's a plus too ! ;D how i overcome deep sadness ? well , one word always comes first : acceptance . and i believe happiness is but a fleeting feeling , just like every other emotion . what i strive for is to simply go day ... my best friend . intj . what can i say , jungian siblings is a very fitting term for us haha . the cement was actually through the realization that we understood each other better than anyone else ... ranges from utterly spontaneous outbursts of randomness to witty one-liners with a touch of sarcasm . :P i've never acted , but i reckon that i could do a decent job at it if i really wanted to . i'm good at lying and controlling the flow of conversations by means of my choice of words / facial ... i do not seriously regret any of the mistakes i've made . they are the reason for my successes , and for that manner , i wouldn't change a thing . if anything , i would have gone back to the child in ... when i first figured out how the four letters corresponded to the functions , this actually crossed my mind . i thought it was rather weird how the dominant function did not determine the j / p , but it ... * thinks hard * ... * thinks harder * ... :d ry : like vivid melody , iconoclastic visionary , and seastallion , i think of absolutely nothing of importance or particularly special / deeper meaning . i ... liquidlight well-put . * applause * the llama god is awed by your knowledge just as well . : tongue : but really , thank you for that post . i'm just beginning to gain a grasp of the cognitive ... though i still prefer respect , it seems many of us agree that the two are not really mutually exclusive . : tongue : i find your thoughts quite interesting as well , especially that one bit : if you are liked , it is easier to gain respect anyway , because you're noticed just that little bit more . ... 100 % which is coming off as utter shock considering that i literally went down the list of questions without stopping to really think about someone's expression . i felt like i made a whole bunch of ... hmm , well , i think that i'd prefer to be respected . if i only seek to be liked , than i feel that that can give way to being stepped on when feelings are insincere . example : i could be liked by my ... * whips out nunchucks from purse * bring it . chuck norris is my middle name . well , several weeks ago , i read a little bit of freud on the thought of how dreams consist of both latent and manifest content , in which latent refers to that of deep wishes or fantasies in the ... well , i am exceptionally skilled at controlling my emotions . however , if someone begins putting words in my mouth or attacks my character based on invalid judgement , then i will most certainly ... my favorite sport by far is tennis , and i enjoy sports in general . tennis probably because of all the thinking it requires , which ends up clearing my mind . i'm in a marching band , i played ... so i was selling oil paintings ( i don't even paint ? ) and i was looking for a place called asada ( like carne asada ? ) , japan . however , along my road , there was a sudden huge brick wall out of nowhere ... welcome ... : ninja : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Oep3jKXBk4 my work ethic is dependent upon how much time and effort i think it'll take me to complete the task . bah , worded perfectly . * two thumbs up * the kind that overflows with confidence . witty . sarcastic . touch of arrogance , i oddly find really attractive in a guy . but i like layers of personality . bring in the snacks ! harharhar it would not be the concept of growth that disappears , but the measurement and realization of growth , i'd think . ah , and a great chunk of mathematics would cease to exist . such as the calculations ... '