' a very good friend asked to make a mixtape for her , and i want to , but i'm having a hard time with it . we have a different taste in music . do i make a tape with music that resonates with me , like ... what if you see yourself as evil , or an act as subjectively evil , like forcing a mother to chose which child of hers will die , and then do that , create that situation , force that , because it is - to ... amongst the most evil kind of human creature is the adult , criminal , sexual sadist . intuitivly adept at what he does he creates primary victims that cannot be processed as victims by the law , as the ... intensity is one thing ( guilty as charged ) , but evil , and intimidating , that is another . you don't act in these ways , do you ? one only sees the tip of your personality iceberg , fellow ni-dom ... hey you all . hm . this is an enfj relationship issue that i bring to you , but i find now that it actually kind of defies description . something very strange is happening since i've connected with ... i have an example . maybe it makes more sense what i mean if you see what happens to me when i go all preacher . : the ethics of extreme porn the premise of the article is : is some sex wrong even ... are you familiar with the sensation of righteous indignation ? do you ever feel a compulsion to give words the a fire in your belly ? do you ever find yourself compelled to preach ? i do , ... i watched star trek - into darkness this weekend , and i just sat down for a ritual that i've been doing for years : looking up ebert's review of a movie i've seen to see his take on it . rest in ... with respect , that is complete bullshit , and verifiable bullshit at that . there are conditions we can treat , there are conditions one must manage , and then there are conditions we can cure . as luck ... that is of significance how exactly ? there are so many possible settings for a science fiction show , i don't understand how in this day and age you could still go with one that has aliens that are humanoid . and multiple species that are ... it's not really a pseudoscience . it's a self sustaining cult . someone could run with it and turn it into a religion , easily . the other day i saw a thread here where a woman interpreted her ... 1 ) what brought you here , and had you digging into functions and types , was it a profound experience for you ? 2 ) do you think that the mbti can , or should , serve as an agent for change ? either on ... i hypothesize that the need to be understood may be a misguided need to know oneself . misguided in the sense of channeled in the wrong direction . many here are on a journey of self discovery , are ... it's complicated . it is a tool , a means to an end , as am i to her . and that's fine , i'm content with that arrangement . as it stands , at this stage smooth and shiny is still important . ... everyones , except mine . because in the land of the blistered the two shoe'd man is king . newjessie it's what i tested as once upon a time , but it's come to mean very little to me . while some people fall prey to definitional systems of personality , seeing everything through this ... i look at it from a different perspective . i see no value in the mbti as a definitional system of personalities , merely as an indicator of state of life , and from that perspective , codependent people ... i can't control what i feel . just like i can't control what i see , or what i hear , or what i smell . i can only control what i do with that information . keeping a cool head is really what it's all ... i met someone . things have been very intense , very fast paced , but going rather well . but , as i get a clearer understanding of who this woman is , deep down inside , i fear they will not continue to go ... or , here , take a look at this enfp ( i think ? ) specialized in your exact problem :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iCvmsMzlF7o the trick is not to make it less scary . it's not a defect , it's a feature . the trick is to be ok with it being scary . you lean into it . it's like they say , that having courage doesn't mean you're not ... religion is unwise . that's a very old statement , in a certain context , one that i'm personally very fond of , and reflect my own perspective on the subject . religion is regarded by the common ... as far as spirituality goes , siddhartha by hermann hesse is my go to . as far as good books to read go though , there is a book called boundaries by townsend and cloud gave me the mental ... i know one relationship between an isfj and an estj , and it's a thing of beauty . you'll just have to take my word on that while i focus on their challenges . it's a wonderful relationship , but they ... here is something i found interesting , and have no idea what to make of . a manipulation tactic that works with most infjs at some stage of their life is the empathy hook . it takes most of us a ... delighted impudence manwithouthats don't you find this line of argument tedious ? i do , so l'll make it short . the state of fmri right now is that we can record visual data and process it . that is a measure of ... all of those things can be measured.they are products of our brain flesh , an organic computer , which we can scan . we can make measurements and based on these , predictions . the entire science of ... if you can't measure something , it doesn't exist . that is what i think . i've found writing generatively works a lot better for me , meaning i don't know where a story will go when i start it . therefore i don't start with ideas anymore , so have at them . one story i had ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QQrGRR6Su4E i want to reach my hand into the dark and feel what reaches back , oh my / fans self no frowny face . it's just a worst story , with a hint of awesome people in it . i'm in a really good place , and you will be too if you aren't yet . look at us , we fell , got a couple of bruises , wiped ... you have as little choice in going genuinely crazy as you do in getting a cold , or cancer . we're not talking about attitude adjustments , or choices , but a breakdown of the apparatus that allows you ... it's difficult to talk about , still . it involves faking pain in order to game me for my empathy . it involves elaborate and ongoing deceptions . she fucked her patients . she fucked strangers in parking ... am i manipulative , since i can imagine using manipulation ? am i self serving or amoral because i can put myself in those shoes , and imagine acting in that way , understand the motivations that i then ... an isfj is the only woman that ever managed to really seduce me against my will . it was her tenacity , and her sincerity , her openness , her kindness , and her force of personality . it can happened from ... i like to think that it's inevitable , and that it's happening fast . every time barriers fall away what constitutes a sense of community increases . it used to be dangerous to go from one village ... the paper http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4NeHWLZbs0g what i really liked about this movie is how out of time it is now . it's an adaption of a stage play , so it features strong characters , and ... it's not easy mastering ones emotions . it's something that we learn because we are forced to , and that goes for all ways in which we mature . we grow with the challenges that we have to face , with the ... if you're dealing with a semi competent social manipulator you don't win by playing his game . the fact that he chose you means he is confident that he can beat you at it . i would trust that ... profound loss scares the crap out of me . a loved one dying . a loved one dying while i watch , helplessly . watch them suffer pain and terror of oblivion , and then see them fade away into it . it is the ... thank you . you're right that it's not actually a weakness to expose ourselves , but some people do perceive it as a weakness , and are afraid of it . i've met one of those recently , an ... the incredible capability of the mental tools at my disposal . it was just yesterday that i once again managed to surprise myself . there's a woman , an enfp , and we've written each other emails ... you crave to break , and strive to fear , you don't see that release of burden is so near , that wars are won by losing , and weakness shown by choosing , that love can burn and that it should , and hurt ... i didn't say something to my ex . years back circumstances were very complicated , and while we had a wonderful present we had no future that did not also include sacrificing dreams , and plans , ... it's not a short list . these three are big ones , though . if they shroud themselves in victimhood and embrace cowardice , meaning those who dispense blame and comfortably wallow in misery rather ... i'd like to talk about vulnerability . what does it mean to you , vulnerability ? what situations might make you feel vulnerable ? to be seen as weak in the eyes of others , or to be seen as ... '