' can you elaborate of your method of mastering your emotions , i could really use help in that dept ? i have an infp friend and i can actually really see that in him as well . jawz , very powerful comments . thank you ! thank you for you reply . the inner peace concept was a powerful reply for me , thank you . it made me think on several lines that i think will help but as a last resort , i'll brush up on my acting :) ... so yesterday was the funeral of my wife's uncle . she was not close , he disappeared from the family for 25 years in an other state . i'm going to break down everything that happened . this is what i ... feb 15 , 2011 > > > broke down after too much , spent about a good 3 hours or more in unstoppable tears ... yes and i'm a man . life can get to the best of us . could not have said it better myself , same here . well put ! i don't know if it's a personality thing or other issues that i have as a whole . i do hold my anger for a long time . i wouldn't call it anger though , like it was previously said , more like ... very good points in this thread . i agree with brie about it doesn't seem you are attracted to him . i also agree with mariana_sueli about if you are truly even sure he is an infj ? i myself am ... wow , honestly the greatest advice i've heard was show her love . things are much better . thanks again everyone ! now to work on not getting bent out of shape ... i envy you ts ... ahh .. if ... i don't know ... i feel that anything can be made to work with proper adjustments and understanding what is and why things are the way the are . i apreciate everyone's comments but i think this thread is going in the wrong direction because i didn't provide vital information . the impression seems to be that i'm forcing her to workout ... that was deep , and you figrue this need because of my comments or because i'm an infj ? can you expound on your statement about my needs ? what did you mean ? to all isfps out there ... my wife is an isfp . lately we've both been using a couple of notches off our usual marker on the belt and so both agreed to exercise at the gym ... i felt a bid ... ok ! after this thread i've realized something that i have left out in all my business journeys ... it's something i hit on without even knowing have grown my current business because of it but ... wow ! awesome everyone ... thank you ! a ton ! lol - i couldn't stop rofl'ing and just lol till i couldn't rofl any more .. lol i know - stupid heh ? lol ... thanks again . i'm so much better now ... : laughing : i likes ... i'm down - help me feel better ... :( ... well it seems i just got an apology email from my isfp ... i still want to hide inside of myself and tune out the world ... i hate the way i feel right now . yeah i wish i was intj i tend to go into that mode though once i'm overly stressed - intj ... well , at least it feels that way ... maybe it's the shadow estj ... i don't know - what's it like ... good point ... i tend to just beat myself to death on these things ... i tell myself .. why do i care ? ... ok i won't care ... but that ugly head of i must resolve and care comes back up ... i ... no , i want all suggestions , no doubt ... about # 1 - i can't now . we are both at work and this would only happen by email and i know how these types of conversations need to be done in person or ... i can't seem to get myself away from owning , running , improving , and starting businesses ... is this a doable thing for an infj and what are some personality based challenges that will have to be ... i hate conflict / tension ... unless of course i can see a reason to it . someone screws up and i know they did and they are upset i have no issues , you get what you had coming . but either way , are ... for me it's more about being able to either understand , sort through , or realize something that is unseen or so subliminal to others that i feel i've been able to do something unique / different and ... wow , i didn't realize this thread would grow as it did . yes , i can see how everyone has their ups and downs and all arounds ! honestly though it was my fiancee that got me out of my funk . we talked ... nah , i can see where you're coming from and the truth of your words . thank you ! thank you ! i think infj's are perfect for helping others . i'm always helping others and yet feel where's my help at times . my isfp tries her best but doesn't give herself enough credit or confidence ... ok , i'm feeling better . my finance has even been bugging me trying to call me . i don't wan to talk though . kinda feel like going a week alone still though . oh well . as everyone has said , it will ... i think it's a fine line . since i've told her before what she was thinking and then she said why do you want to know the answers to questions you already know the answer to ? i told her because ... best advise i've heard all day ! thank you ! ok , i might get better before the end of the month :) . yes very true and it is selfish . you are correct and i can see her blaming herself , it's not fair . i could view it as do i want to make her life harder or possibly try to make it easier for her ... no , our relationship is solid for the most part , we have our usual mis-understandings that any couple would have . we have our bumps here and there . i know what her issue is , i'm almost always right ... it has been very good , until last night when she got into a i don't want to talk mood because something happened and didn't want to talk to me or tell me anything about it . i fight and try to ... thank you for the tips but about what you said within the above quote , i've thought about that and she'd get over it . it's my fiancee . are we prone to look back and beat ourselves up for our mistakes , screw ups , and what we now have to live with because of our own fault ( s ) ? many things i have a hard time accepting i was the cause ... ok , so i've never been the dancing kind . kinda have a wedding coming up and of course dancing comes with that . tonight was horrible . it was good i got to take in what i took in but when my fiancee ... i find myself working hard then getting lazy / exhausted having to recharge and then doing it again . i find my workplace not organized and it's irritating trying to get stuff done . the only way i can ... so me and my isfp fiancee have been going back and forth since our relationship started ... i should learn to trust my intuition more ... i tested 100 % on this part of mbti but i don't know if that ... lol , yes yes yes ... i agree with everything . i told that to my fiancee that i know her thoughts before she thinks them and that i know her better than she knows herself . of course she didn't believe ... these are some things i love about my isfp financee ( she's not into personality types though ): amazing creativity with color , i'm looking forward to her decorating our home after we're married . ... yes , i agree and can see how that would suck ... hey , you said our intuitions are changing directions rather frequently ... is that why i like to try new things all of a sudden or get tired and bored ... oh so very true my friend . we finally picked and placed a deposit for the reception location . in celebration of this we i did something a bit spontaneous ... i ordered a very large arrangement of ... haha ... love ya goodewitch . at it again heh ? i'll take all that you said in a little later ... lol ... i'm just laughing away .. love your approach . today , i'm having a good day though but you're ... exactly ... that's what im seeing ... i've been feeling better lately as i shoot down people left and right :) ... lol ... a good friend said that so many people have opinions , some have views ... ok , this post helps me in life in general ... i really can use this but i have to let it marinate a little when i'm off from work because i feel it has great meaning to helping me understand myself ... yes , i'm working on that and that's what we need to do ... thank you for the congrats ... i'm excited yet trying to keep my game face on ... it's been fun , interesting , disturbing , stressful and oh ... awesome comments , huge thanks to vel on his recommendations . i'm soo happy right now since my j is flourishing ... i woke up early today and have used my blackberries tasks feature and set a ... good idea , i've tried it in the past but i try to use my tasks on my blackberry and i get irritated since it's not intuitive , if i can create them on my computer then sync to my phone and just check ... '