' i suffered with bdd for around 7 years and even though i've had therapy , i still struggle to some extent ( albeit much lesser than the old days ) with my appearance . i think i look quite hideous ... in my experience , many of the most loneliest , most bitter men are those with an underlying burning resentment toward women , and yet who strive for an alpha male attitude and physique in order to ... the catchphrase of getting hit on hints to me at the shallower side of the dating world where someone maybe sees someone attractive , and outright approaches based on that , or very little ... we've had a thread about infj eyes , and i couldn't find a thread for this , but thought it could be quite interesting . although i'm not a palm reader , i do think you can tell a bit about somebody by ... hellish . i was lonely , isolated , total outcast . i was also struggling with mental health issues and trying to psychologically recover from the strict religious school i was taught in . i didn't ... it varies a lot for me . in front of parents : no way . i wasn't brought up in a household which displayed any affection at all , so doing it in front of parents / family feels very , very odd and ... i get the opposite - people ask me why i smile so much , laugh so much , etc . i probably come off as naturally fliratious also although i don't deliberately intend to flirt . i put it all down to ... the only way i can see this as being related to fe is if the company you are around are stone-faced . it would then go along with the fe way of adapting to social convention as a way of maintaining ... i think , i do this to everyone , regardless of how i actually feel about them . why are you here ? develop a keener se to aid in appreciating sensuality to better help me live in the moment , being as the present is all we ever have , and that can be so , so hard for us . i started to pay more ... this is a venting section , not a fucking debate corner where we need to defend vents . the fi users i can't stand who like to look down on me for my fe should be so goddamn thankful it exists . why do people always insist on giving me so much goddamn advice ? why can ’ t you just enjoy me , and i enjoy you , and we just enjoy each others qualities without treading on me with all of your ... my voice / accent changes slightly depending on who i am speaking to , and their voice / accent . don't get me wrong , if i'm speaking to someone from another country entirely ( i'm english ) , i don't ... it doesn't bother me at all to be honest . in many ways i am hugely thankful for the incredible tech advancements that have made it possible for us to constantly be in touch , and to carry the ... i have most of the traits you described , and yes , i think most people would describe me as safe . i myself , love safe people . sweet , gentle , well-meaning , conflict-avoidant , warm ? sounds ... no . refer to : her own telling . i actually don't doubt it because other than all the stuff i mentioned , she seems like a perfect fit . could be wrong though .. she's taken tests but i don't know how much she knows ... i met an intj woman a couple months ago , and , my god ... she gossips so much about people . she calls women ugly behind their backs and all kinds of horrible stuff , mostly physical put-downs and ... i love that response ... i want to remember that one ! 1 ) how would you react to someone saying you're an odd / weird person ? very , very , very sensitively .. i am liable to feel hurt , angry , upset , experience blood-boiling internal rage and probably obsess ... my first thought , ( lmfao , god why ) , was ... my ringtone . ( of all fricking things ! ) i hate it . i don't hate it for what it sounds like - it's just some generic iphone pretty sound .. like a serene ... i've been very attracted to the idea of keeping personal journals since i was a child , and when i was a child ( to early teens ) , keeping journals was generally an easy think for me to keep up with ... http://33.media.tumblr.com/c7d71fed08155d55dd31cf8a97f984d0/tumblr_n7ucl6NN7g1sn1niho8_250.gif http://img2.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130920192204/rockosmodernlife/images/5/5e/Rocko_Wallaby.png ... a ) would you feel comfortable in the infj room with all other infj's ? yes ! ! i would probably love it .. unless we were talking about anything heated . b ) would you visit the other rooms and if ... if there's anything that makes me feel incredibly out-of-place among other infjs , it is on subjects like this ... i just .. ugh . completely indifferent meat-eater here ... eat meat , don't eat ... i think i typed as isfj the first time i ever took an mbti test , though i've tested as infp a few times . i've tested as infj the most , though it was looking into the cognitive functions that made me ... - wealth - love - stability - health honestly i feel as long as i've got wealth and my partner , the rest sorts itself out . if i'm broke , i lose everything , ( including my health ) , and if i lose ... esfp . ( based on my sister ) . easier fitting into the world , socializing , not getting bogged down in the existentialist introversion over-analyzation loops i do , being typically much , much better ... genna bain ( wife of totalbiscuit ) took an mbti test and posted her result as infj on twitter . seems likely to me that she would be an infj . it's interesting as i would say totalbiscuit is likely ... i see it this way - i'm extremely sensitive , i'm very prone to suffering on behalf of the suffering of others , i have anxiety , am prone to depression , panics , and existentialist thinking that can ... * takes deep breath * ... someone who loves physical affection and being silly and won ’ t call me weird ( in a bad way ) for pulling funny but completely hideous faces sometimes and making bad jokes ; ... oh , i didn't mean it in a derogatory context . wolves , foxes , and fluffy , bounding , silly-looking , lop-earned bunnies . ^ this . this . this . unless someone is completely asexual , everyone is a pervert / sexual deviant , infj or not . do you pretty much mean taking the most positive typical attributes of the infj and being maxed out on them ? actually in a way i do feel that way , but definitely not for the better ... i mean , in the ... i'm 27 ; i have no desire for children and cannot see me wanting them in my life . other than not wanting them , i do not think i would make a stable parent . - i can barely care for myself much of ... they are condensing people down to their mbti type . inaccurately too , being as such a varied range of attributes and personal characteristics fall under people of each type , that in order to conclude ... just ... all of this contrivance is a turn-off . - you shouldn't need to open yourself up to taking input from a specific portion of people who fit a specific personality type about how you ought to ... yaaas ! view my video and bluegrass ! someone also mentioned bluegrass , which is another favorite genre of mine . i'm a fan of the fingerpicking blues styles , as well as heavier blues rock ... no rebellion years for me either . actually , i was way more politically correct as a teen than i am now . i didn't rebel , i just loosened up ever so slightly because i was rigid as heck . - ... i sure hope op doesn't take that as a suggestion . : confused : the only way i don't get lost is because i've studied the place on google maps until i feel like i literally have been there a billion times before to the point where i'm bored of looking at ... i'm complimented a lot by this to be honest , especially that you touched on this : my partner has been trying to convince me of the same thing for years , as i've never felt very confident about ... ah sorry , i should've read this before responding ! i think there's a higher chance of infps being thought of as indigo children possibly , or maybe a higher chance of infps believing they are ... it's very hard for me to respond to this without bringing up my opinion of indigo children . but anyhow , i'm refreshing my memory and will bold all which apply to me . - the majority of ... already this is a major red flag . - was the separation between he and his wife a temporary separation ? if so , it's already very rocky ground , being as he didn't actually terminate his marriage before ... video games : i live in the past . the creatures trilogy . seriously , those were my favorite games in the world . i'm so upset there aren't many games that even come close , or that revolve ... this is the thing that annoys me the most about the things said about infjs - all this ( sorry ) bullshit mysticism . i'm not psychic . i can't read minds . i can't predict the future . and i don't ... '