' hi there , me and my gf of 3 months sometimes have problem in getting past surface level conversations . we both hate superficial talks , but ironically we are both poor in shifting the gear of ... hello , this may not be infp-related but maybe you fellow infp's can relate . i just don't know what to say in these situations . even if i come up with something , it's always sound stilted , even a ... hi everyone , long story short , i'm currently talking with this infp girl and we get along great and we're well aware of our interest to each other . however we have a rather fundamental difference ... https://40.media.tumblr.com/59bb712d065eed8420e46abef21ac69d/tumblr_npzh2f6r7k1tihoc1o1_540.png source : the infp café hello , i'm wondering what's a tactful answer for this because to be honest i don't like to set goals except to be married and have a family , lol . some women might think i don't have any ambition ... hello infp friends , i've just come to a realization that i often become unconsciously too soft when dealing with business matters , only to realize later that i could've gained more profit if i'd ... is it an ( un - ) infp thing when you're learning something and get impatient with the theory part and want to go straight to how it is applied ? like when you're learning a language you couldn't care ... henry chinaski , back when i was in my early 20 ' s though . i'm not that bitter now lol . i think my face looks infp enough , lol . 316066 i'm only witty with certain people . those who get my sense of humor and i'm sure will laugh . surely not with strangers , lol . when some people consider you a friend / best friend but you only consider them acquaintance / friend because you don't feel a deep connection with them . happened to me a few times . i was mentally like , ... is it an infp thing to write people off easily ? like if an acquaintance does things that i dislike or just overall i don't feel any connection with than i just don't want anything to do with him ... probably my favorite infp description yet : myers & briggs âx80 ¢ infp personality description when everyday you think why do they always have the need to talk ? why are they so loud ? referring to your family or friends . i assume they're mostly nonfiction ? because juggling several fiction books is difficult for me as i tend to forget the plot and who's who . lol , this . in the first case they usually laugh at my naivety and how skewed my way of thinking is ( according their normal mind ) . in the second case usually because my humor is too dry / subtle ( or ... when someone is caught lying in public and you can't bear to see his / her face because you feel the pain yourself . when a salesman obviously tries to bull * * * you into buying his product yet you ... i'm not qualified to answer so i'll just paste the wikipedia entry , i hope you don't mind : a qarin ( arabic : قرينu 200e qarīn ) , according to islamic literature , is a jinni . qarins are unique to each ... this is too much : https://www.facebook.com/STOPCRUSH.ORG/videos/862919163733642/ felt like my head exploded and a rainbow formed above it . in my religion , every person was born with a companion jinn ( spirit ) , so yeah , i know i have one . no , thank you . that is so me . yeah , that's probably due to ne . i tend to get along with isfp's . how many of you tend to not finish books before moving to other books ? currently i probably have 10 books waiting to be finished . i'm also no stranger in quitting a book when it doesn't interest me ... lol yess , many times people advised me to make that list and i don't think i did even once . they even use this list to decide whether to break up with someone . i can't comprehend . this perception of mine stems from my years as an accounting student in college . i only had like 2 close friends there . all the others seemed to misunderstood me , and we just didn't have anything ... when you ask your friends to take the mbti test and they're like , what's with you and this psychology crap ? hi , i was just wondering if you tend to assume incompatibility with people from certain lines of work ? like when you are about to meet somebody and discovers that they're from a certain line of ... dir : hitchcock lynch waters scorsese act : naomi watts james stewart cary grant this . the darker the better . emo ( unrelated to the music ) - no , thank god loner - yes , both by choice and by my lack of social skills cries - yes , but not always due to sadness . i'm just easily touched . quiet - yes . no ... yes ! i like to attend so-called underground gigs , with quirky dance music that people find hard to dance to , lol . well my preferred style of music is only being played in night clubs , so yeah ... no it's an honest question , what trick did you expect ? haha . i'm asking because i was looking at myself in the mirror ( one of my favorite pastimes ) and noticed that my eyes look dreamy ( and i ... dear infp's , do you like to go clubbing ? this may not be a very introverted thing to do but i love to lose myself dancing ( awkwardly ) among the crowd . but come to think of it maybe it's indeed ... do these eyes look infp to you ? http://i.imgur.com/OeycrzY.png correct me if i'm wrong but i think you're the kind of girl that actually looks cutest without a smile : tongue : but none are particularly positive either ... vote yes if you fit most of these : emo ( unrelated to the music ) loner cries quiet no drive , no life goals not rich lives in a fantasy world pushover so for the umpteenth time i missed a deadline because i didn't bother checking my schedule to see if all tasks were done for the day , instead i just thought they were and went to sleep . what function ... david lynch is one of my favorite directors . one thing that i'd like to point out is his absurd humor that i imagine not many people would get . i don't know if this kind of humor is infp-ish or not ... any idea why traveling is the best way to grow as an infp ? they said it : http://www.personalityhacker.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/Screen-Shot-2013-07-29-at-6.07.45-PM.png if you dislike making a list of positives / negatives when choosing between two options , is that any indication that you're an fp ? i assume it's because the use of metaphors ? but then again the 4th one uses metaphors but you don't think it's infp-ish . hello , i'm still on the fence between infp or isfp so maybe you can help me by reading some of these favorite quotes of mine ? they don't necessarily represent my own thoughts ( although the last ... this might sound silly but if i see rain starts falling down and i cry , is it an infp thing ? well actually on that moment i was having a mild depression of some sort . is dislike for taking notes in class an infp thing ? sorry i misunderstood your i don't care phrase . so infp's don't necessarily care when they help people ? isn't it an infp thing to want to help society though ? i guess the majority of my conversations are more about the here and now , rather than about ideas and possibilities . but then again i don't like motoric activities . i much prefer reading , listening ... hello , how reliable is mbti to help us make decision regarding who we're gonna pursue romantically ? if there's someone you're interested in and somehow you discover they're not a good match ... '