' this doesn't even sound like they are an enfj to me . yes , we have a bad rep for being manipulative at times , but this sounds waaay out of the ballpark for us . i would definitely say that these ... i agree ! here is an interesting quote regarding enfj's satisfaction in general and with other enfj's from oddlydevelopedtypes.com , the best we can say is that one study found that female ... it's a little upsetting , but i live with 3 other people and we are making sure we lock all the doors all of the time . you are likely right . just funny to think of them taking it because they wanted to play video games . thanks , that is really sweet ! i will be ok though , and get one soon enough . eeeep ! is it important that it has a beard ? : wink : other than the elephant , it looks like most enfj's ( so far ) relate to birds or cats . interesting ... keep ' em coming ! i did loose my saved games . very sad about that . a ps4 is $ 400 ! i don't have that kind of money to spend on a gaming system right now . i will probably get another ps3 after my next pay check ... i completely agree ! respect and trust are vital . hugs ! on a quite random other topic : my ps3 was stolen from my house today . they rifled through some of my drawers , but didn't take anything else ... wolves are wonderful in many ways ! it is very fitting that you have arya as your avatar ! ( poor nymeria . ) supposedly there is a huge satisfaction rate in relationships with 2 enfj's . i don't think i have ever even met another enfj in real life , but possibly ... have any of you been in a relationship ... the elephant post by littlebear ( thanks ! ) has got me thinking about spirit animals and if there is a pattern among enfj's . do you have a spirit animal and if so , which one ? i have always felt ... i definitely relate to elephants ! many of these pictures make me go awww ! i am fully aware that i do not need to sit there and listen to him and sometimes i do cut it short and leave if he starts going on and on . however , he is my dad and i don't see him very often ( 3 ... i just finished the slow regard of silent things and loved it ! i have a sneaky suspicion that some people will also love this novella and some will hate it . cards on the table , i am already a ... i love all of the studio ghibli movies ! my fave is howl's moving castle . i don't think many people have seen , the cat returns , but it is a great one too ! my dad is an entj ( i am 90 % sure ... 10 % an entp ) and i love him , but he drives me nuts with seeming to have no clue about where i am emotionally in my life . now , keep in mind that i am in my 30 ' s ... i think it's a bit contradictory that it says i am narcissistic for sloan and then not self absorbed for accommodating . oh well . interesting that it says stressed and rushed . i do feel like i ... goodnight ! sleep well and dream of beautiful places and people ! i definitely prefer having sex when i am in love with my partner and they are in love with me . i don't think love is necessary to enjoy sex , but for me i don't see the point in wasting my time on ... all teasing aside . my oldest friend is an intj and i have been seriously dating an intp for more than 2 years now . i adore nt's ! really and truly . i can definitely see the communication issues ... they pick on us because they are smart asses . also because they secretly love us . :: muhahaha ! :: talks a lot . will hug you . my 2 cents : sounds like you are an infj to me , but do keep in mind that if you are going through a tough time in your life right now then that might be changing your answers to the tests a bit .  ... well , thanks for saying we are awesome ! that is certainly a nice start ( flattery will get you ... a smile and a wink ) to a friendship . i recently realized that i have a lot of introvert friends , but ... to me it sounds like a big time immaturity issue . sounds like she's acting more like 18 than 23 , but everyone matures differently . i can tell you that i was never that inconsiderate ( i am pretty darn ... 2770102770 18277002 it's my enfj face ! the 3rd pic is clearly the best ! short answer : yes . give it time and don't give up on relationships . i have had to remember over the past few months that enfj's feel things <i> intensely </i> and not all types are that way or are ... @ cali awww intp's , how i adore you ! so , first of all let me say that i have been in a relationship with an intp for more than a year and we are going strong . you sound really similar to him ... enfj http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H2yWZb3zXiA you have trouble singing along to most songs on the radio because you feel the emotion in the song and it chokes you up ! my username is from an e . e . cummings poem and also reflects that i am rather complicated ... george bailey from it's a wonderful life ! finished elantris by brandon sanderson about a week ago . i am currently without a book due to christmas shenanigans and preparations . i highly recommend elantris , though ! especially if you like ... blue , violet , yellow this was an interesting test ! :) i am frustrated with giving and giving and not getting back ! it is ridiculous how the people in my life think that i will always be there for them , but they are so oftentimes not there for me when i ... i agree that the eyes are a part of easy recognition , but i think the most tell tale sign is that we are truly interested in others and have an uncanny ability to sense emotions , even in strangers . ... any sci fi / fantasy fans out there ? the main character raoden in the sci fi book , elantris by brandon sanderson . i recently read this book and about 3 quarters of the way through was struck by ... honestly ... those things totally turn me on ! it can be very , very difficult to trust and to make yourself vulnerable to another person . i think that is always going to be difficult ( it still is for me ! ) , but you will never experience love ... awww ! that makes me sad to think that we are all settling . speaking as a self described hopeless romantic who is 33 this year and married for more than 10 years ... i both understand where you are ... happy halloween enfj's ( and everyone ) ! i thought it would be fun to find out if the enfj's are dressing up in costume or not and what your costume is , if so ? for myself , i am waaay behind ... i have definetely been called a hopeless romantic , and i can see how nf's would be the most likely temperament to be romantics . i think this is because of our high ideals and our focus on the ... i would have to echo the other enfj's on this one ! my # 1 thing that makes me feel loved is time spent together doing something we enjoy together or just relaxing ( and not when he is on a video game ) ... i am currently obsessed with the song sleep alone by two door cinema . i don't use itunes . the majority of the time though ... i mosty listent to music in my car and on my phone . i have pretty ... very good points ! i think sometimes he is waaayyy too much in his head . also , i have to say ... doesn't everyone like sex ? i am definetely the dominant one in our relationship in that way and he ... : laughing : yes i have tried that and it works well ! what i think works even better though is just being me and appreciating him for himself . i think my initial worry was partly fueled by his ... i have a master's in psychology . i love helping people and learning how they tick : cool : it is my personal experience that any enfj and estj relationship is going to need a lot of blunt communication to work . it is difficult at times even then , at least it has been for me . i think this ... i am left of center . in the us right now i think that both sides are basically close to the middle , but both want to say the other is far to the opposite side . we really need more than just a ... thanks for the warm welcome everyone ! i will definetely take you up on that cappuccino . i looove coffee ! i think that sensors in general are more practical and down to earth than are intuitives and this is why we clash at times . i know that personally , the disconnection really drives me nuts ! sensors ... '