' it's kind of funny because i walk lifes path alone . feel like teresa from claymore is an entj . she gives off that entj vibe , notably with her eloquent and charismatic way of communicating . ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RvK8SKZbBWg sure why not ? i fail to see anything wrong with watching porn or engaging in sexual activities with another person ... after this week , i've decided to take a rest on the expenses . : rolleyes : my company provided us with a facet 5 assessment . i was wondering which area most entjs fall into . if you're not an entj , then don't vote on the poll , but you're more than welcomed to post it . for ... https://mindtrackers.com/personality-types/vdec-commander-personality your personality type : 665018 logical and outspoken , commanders are famed for their ability to lead and manage others ... join the relation-shit ship ... there's plenty of room for more . at this point i could care less . just drink some wine and relax ... 1 : how much do you value family , friendship , and love respectively ? value depends on respect . simply put , if you don't respect me you're out of my life . 2 : what sorts of internal hardships have ... http://images.cdn.prd.dj.artirix.com/images/20161020/1-771065149l-554x374.jpg http://images.cdn.prd.dj.artirix.com/images/20150722/1-485459201p-554x374.jpg ... i enjoy a little bit of pain . ;) i don't know ; i prefer going natural . i like my coffee sizzling hot with extra flavor that's complex and has a punch to it . although , there's nothing wrong with multiple cups a day ... cookies anyone ? i had exceptional grades in high school as well as in college . i didn't party in my teens because i wasn't invited to any since i intimidated everyone in class . i was the center of attention because ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6diqpGKOvic i get taxed to death but my earning range is between 80k - 100k , get taxed nearly 45 % . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00SgCNoHPLI did someone say trouble ? https://img.memesuper.com/1a20b97cfc70ed4085e4638903d0e3ac_time-for-some-planning-meme-planning_550-544.jpeg welcome ! https://www.askideas.com/media/41/You-Get-A-Cookie-Funny-Meme-Picture.jpg i had similar issues with an ixfp , leaning more towards isfp . though it was a short term thing with us , 3 months . amazingly insecure , lack of intelligent conversations , and superficial ! in addition , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qq9ZO9VN1AI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rHBxJCq99jA yeah , i know . walking up to strangers in nyc to start a conversation isn't exactly acceptable ... i gave up on the change the world dream . in fact , i'm focusing all of my energy and effort ... i'm probably depressed at this stage . i also tried the life is too boring to live by yourself , so why not live it with an intimate lover ? , but i've never been able to make deep connections . in ... i've tried both , but neither worked . i don't know what i'm proving anymore or why i'm proving it . i have nothing to prove nor do i have someone to prove to . what am i to prove ? i don't know . all i know is that i'm alone and becoming ... i need some advice ... i've been questioning myself a lot lately as to why i'm even living ... i had a lot of long walks in the park alone for 2 hours day after day . i've even noticed that i'm ... depends ... for me , i intuitively know who i can get along with as soon as i meet them . later , we go out and i see if anything is a red flag in my potential partner . if there is a red flag and we ... 1 : would you describe yourself as goal oriented ? 2 : to what extent do you value your relationships with friends , family and love respectively ? 3 : i've seen you characterized as / associated with ... how does an esfp qualify to judge ? i've also gone through this phase of nothing is worth living for myself phase . neither do i have a girlfriend and have great difficulty finding someone for the same exact reasons . everything ... i'm having a ton of difficulty connecting to people . also , my managers said that i was always too deep , plus the department head accused me of planning to take over the world . : laughing : best part ... yeah , it's very frustrating not being able to find someone who just gets you . all i've received from others are superficial compliments . other than that i'm apparently expected to give out ... i have no one , but myself it's been that way for many years . i've basically internalized everything for years . i've achieved everything on my own . if only i could take vacation time , instead i have to cope with the stupid open floor plan . today , i was dead silent and just said , good morning and goodbye to my colleagues . i sympathize completely , i've been having the same feelings . you feel worthless because you're doing the same crap everyday with no purpose . i also have a very high paying job that's nearly twice the ... i think i've become an extremely turbulent intj that's feeling extremely down . i've also been a bit thrifty , and i've been a more of a pleasure seeker lately . i've studied the functions very well , at least for the past 7 years . i was damn confident when i wasn't stressed that i was an intj . i may have just over exerted myself in socializing too much ... at this point , i feel like a mangle of personalities . edit : it kind of irks me that i don't know who i am anymore or why i'm doing certain things . feels like i lost my sense of purpose ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PV3_UHG73oQ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kSDN1pmFX0I hi all , just wanted a second opinion on my personality type . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ip1irYWXck sure . lmao just move on ... again , just move on ... you're right , and it is me of dropping my act . it's just that the things i think about are completely a turn off for feeling types since i'm very logic oriented . i feel like a lot of women will be ... entj worthy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3Ip1irYWXck i have certainly set up barriers , it's easier for me to set up barriers given the fact that i work from 9am - 6pm , so i'm preoccupied with work . i don't text everyday like a needy person and i'm direct ... first off , a man is always , many times , expected to pay , that culture hasn't died down . yeah , but the thing is that people play you for free things when they already decided that they don't want ... intjs and entjs are known to be dominant and both can be aggressive and cool headed . we also don't tolerate simple f ups nor do we like to be toyed around with . either way we can be your worst ... yeah ... i thought this was true , and i related with everything you said , but we do grow colder when we get our feelings hurt repeatedly . so yes , it's possible for intjs to become all brain and no ... hey , all ! i was wondering if anyone else had this transformation . i've been fed up with my potential romantic interests wasting my time and money . for the most part , i've had a couple of ... iq 140 hs grade 103 % comp engie gpa 3.4 ( university within top 40 globally ) from my experience , your intelligence does affect your personality . you become more obsessed with talking about ... '