' i tend to be quiet around other people , not because it's what i want to be , but because i'm afraid of doing / saying something wrong . good one . love the x-files . never thought of mulder as an infp before , but he definitely seems to fit the more i think about it . i love the outsiders and s . e . hinton . i would highly recommend reading a couple of her others books : rumblefish and that was then , this is now . they are excellent and rumblefish is one of my favorite ... wow . that's a great way of describing the phenomenon . i've never thought about it like that before , but it struck me immediately . thanks . :) i second the introvert advantage by marti olsen laney ( i've never read introvert power . might have to add that to my reading list , though . ) this was a great book , and for maybe the first time , after ... i think a lot of people feel like that the first time they realize they are infp . i know i did ! it's kind of strange and exciting at the same time to see yourself reflected back to you . especially ( i ... theoffspring thanks for posting these descriptions . they are really interesting . i see myself as a combination of the hero and the lost child ( i am the oldest ) . i would never want to give up my ... yeah , it is a push and pull sometimes . i know i feel very drawn to exploration and discovery , but sometimes when i realize i've lost sight of the shore i feel like i've missed out on something . i ... one does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time . - andre gide i would say i've lost sight of the shore once or twice in my life . ;) but ... i crave very vivid and intense experiences . whether that's in the context of a relationship , or during the creative process or maybe out in nature , i'm always looking fora certain intensity to what i ... i've been self-publishing my fiction to amazon kindle , as well as all the other major e-book retailers , just like questforself mentioned above . so far , i've got 2 novels and one short fiction ... late afternoons , when it's still bright , but the light is starting to die off . nice and quiet then . still . i guess because it's right before everyone gets home from work . refugee yeah , i think it helps . it certainly makes the process feel better . i think that sitting down at ( about ) the same time of day , in the same room and sort of following a routine helps me get in ... every minute of every day ? no . but often , i would say yes . there are certain things that can provoke a strong emotional reaction in me . a problem at work , a new relationship , conflict with my ... and for a single creative session - like sitting down to write for an hour or so - it feels fantastic ! i don't think i ever feel more focused than when i'm writing , and i can really feel like i'm in ... oh wow , what a question . i'm not even sure where to begin . i think at times i can perceive the world very realistically , in terms of how things actually are . but then i'll tackle a project or ... as far as what to create - i usually get ideas that pop into my head . i write fiction , and for whatever reason , i tend to get a lot of ideas while i'm driving . they hit me in a certain way , with a ... i remember when i first found out i was an infp , i immediately felt relief . it was really cool to see my personality characteristics - which i always thought were a little weird - described on paper ... it's funny . i actually tend to procrastinate when i need to buy a gift because i hate the idea of giving someone something that they won't use or like . i don't like just buying any old thing - i want ... i think harry potter ( the character not the series ) is usually considered an infp . i would say i need at least the same amount of time alone as i just had socializing . but ideally it would be closer to a 2:3 ratio socializing to alone time ( i hope i'm doing the math right ! ) ... i was 19 . it was with my boyfriend at the time , and i'm happy to say was a good experience overall . i'm definitely a lark . although i dont like to wake up too early . my sleep preference is go to bed at 11pm and wake up at about 8am . i've settled into this though , when i was younger this skewed a ... i'm going to second ursula k . leguin . i'm reading the left hand of darkness right now , and i've also read all the books in her earthsea series , which starts with a wizard of earthsea . never read ... i like this question . :) i'm a writer , and i think finding my unique voice has to do with trusting what's popping into my mind when i'm writing ( and actually writing that down ! ) i know it's my ... i tend to be a bit of a procrastinator too , which feels great in the moment and then not so much when you actually have to get that thing done ! at this point , i would figure out everything you ... i would consider myself overall to be a generally organized person . my p is actually fairly mild , so maybe that's where that comes from . however , my organization probably looks a bit different than ... hmmm , i don't know of any particular link between being an introvert and body image issues . what were you thinking the link might be ? i'm just curious . :) agreed . certain situations call for letting ourselves feel any emotion that comes up . yep , that's right . it does seem to be more under our control if its a choice . interesting thought . unico good point about certain mental health conditions . michael 82 good find with the ... interesting responses - i had never heard anyone say anything like this before , but i wondered if that's what i had been doing during times when i felt lonely . iamorangetoday several people on ... i heard someone say a few days ago that loneliness is a choice . the idea being that when you're lonely you've made yourself special , and therefore separated yourself from other people . something ... aus 2020 by the way , thanks for linking to my article . and , yes , i agree , there aren't a lot of positive things out there about infps . many things i see are how to cope with / survive being infp . :) i agree with some of the other posters who said that this has more to do with perception than reality . i think infps do tend to perceive things this way , which makes sense because it often feels like ... several years ago when i was finally finished with school and beginning a career , i really wanted to know what my passion was and , if possible , eventually turn that into a career so i did a lot of ... if you always do what interests you , at least one person is pleased . - katharine hepburn what about just asking a basic question ? especially if she is already making eye contact with you ( like in your example above ) . something obvious will do just fine , since it's just a conversation ... i'll second ( or maybe it's third now ) making your own decisions . nothing like being able to do what you want whenever you want to . :) and i think i'll add taking up new hobbies / projects / things you ... i love this paragraph . i think you're right about the doing something part . blackbird yes , a parent , therapist and romantic partner , and i'm sure i've had a few more roles added in there at ... i think whoever told you this is probably right on . :) i know in the past when i've felt the way that you describe , it's like i'm waiting for a rescuer ( just like the person you talked to said ) ... for better or worse , i've spent plenty of time in my own imagination , sometimes enjoying that more than anything the real world had to offer me . but the bottom line is that there is only one ... i was thinking along the same lines . i have a friend who , when i first met her , used to worry that i was analyzing her all the time . ( of course , maybe she's just paranoid . : wink :) i think it really ... shopping . not completely , clearly i have things that i need to buy , and things that i just want . but i've given up on buying lots of stuff that i don't need and ( when i think about it ) probably ... what do you tend to write about ? lately , i've been writing suspenseful , young adult contemporary fiction , though i have some ideas for adult novels too . i like writing about / exploring group ... i have to say , this is something i haven't quite figured out myself , but i think i have a few thoughts to share . : wink : seek out things that you love / are passionate about . spend some time ... i can parallel park my car ( even if it takes me a few tries ) , because i had an internship for a while where there was only street parking , so i had to learn fast ! i have however , ripped the side ... i , ronnie ! , the great terror of terroville , had a dream last night ; a dream that only i , ronnie ! can speak of . first of all i got to warn you : there will be some adult stuff so no minors lol ! ... that's an interesting observation , and something i didn't think of . maybe ( subconsciously ) i picked the senses that would balance me out . my imagination is really active , so even if i didn't have ... the hero within , by carol pearson : about archetypes and how they inform our lives the maiden king , by robert bly and marion woodman : breaks down the story of the maiden tsar , and shows how the ... i just turned 30 this past october , so my twenties are just barely behind me ... i think my best piece of advice is don't try to spend your twenties simply acquiring things . for instance - a ... '