' i think i have found what might be the perfect job , at least for me . but i don't really want to take the risk but i plan to test the waters when i have time . and that job is photography . not just any ... i so very much enjoy travelling . at this point in my life , everything i do is just so i can get back to doing it . i don't much mind the planning before it , just because my entire plan is step 1 : get ... eventually ill settle on an idea , for now ill keep jumping around :) drunk i have goals that eventually become dreams due to lack of ambition . welp i like this , i use this one frequently when i know i'm doing something wrong just for the sake of curiosity and exploration and someone else is with me . after almost dying 5 times and escaping with almost no injuries , i realized i might be invincible woah , that was deep . for a second i was questioning if an istp wrote that , then i realized it wasn't an istp that wrote that . pretty much exactly this i think i actually just managed to rip myself out of the tini loop . why do i keep telling myself i want to travel and not just do it ? i'm going to do it guys . i'll travel for the rest of my life ! fuuuccckkk , for a good minute i thought i managed to totally avoid the tini loop . i might be entering a tini loop so deep that digging out to the other side of the planet might be easier to get ... no problem ! this is what we're known to do lol thanks ! i've just been feeling really lonely suddenly and lost a lot of motivation . hit me like a sack of bricks . i don't know . i'm depressed , maybe , i don't know . can't sleep , good thing i got nothing going on tomorrow . figured it would be easier if i outright said it here and try to recover . i don't want to be ... aw shit , i feel a tini loop coming up . i thought i was done having these :( that's correct dating an istp ! ( more than a year ! ) estps are fun for activities , sometimes i wish i was a bit more extroverted so i can continue doing activities without recharging . not sure if i would go out of ... seriously , the amount of boredom i am experiencing is ridiculous . this short period of rest is too short to do anything worthwhile , but too long to not be bored . waiting , waiting , waiting . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_WlvPclQnmQ been so long since i even thought about high school , very glad i don't have to go through that anymore . i joined a lot of clubs , if i didn't , i don't ... i don't like studying so i usually don't , but i've never had the need to . i'm in uni taking an average of 18 credits per semester and i've always managed to pull out an a , except for my art classes ... i'm surprised i haven't hit a deer yet considering how many of them there are here in the northern usa . i would probably check for injuries on myself first before worrying about anything else , then ... just do it . simple as that , but hard at the same time . if you have something you want to do but you don't feel like doing it . just get up , and start doing it . i remember suggesting this in some ... welcome back ! tini loops is something i can't claim to understand . there are a lot ideas as to how to get out of the loop . i don't believe going out and doing something active will help . at one ... can't say i have a specialty . if anything , i'd say it's my ability to go to great lengths to achieve my ambitions , and when i get ambitious , i get extremely ambitious . i have a lot of various ... eventually you'll learn that closing paragraphs aren't required . it's taught so people can learn to finish their paper . if you can close your paper up , you don't need to through the hassle of ... wow , you guys are pretty electronically able . i like tape , almost every kind of tape . flash lights are neato also . when i'm in the zone , my reflexes are pretty quick . but when i'm just relaxing and not really doing anything , nothing happens . i've dropped my pencils and phones off the table many times only to ... to avoid people going after me and people i care about , i would have such a ridiculous power that very few people would try go after it . i would have the power of being able to empty my bladder into ... when you look at the length of the post and seriously reconsider reading wut , how do you be a former istp ? he just seems like an overly sensitive person to be honest . personally , i don't take things that seriously . maybe i'm misunderstanding but you felt obligated to ... got to eat some food , nothing interesting in terms of stuff . there are just so many numbers and combinations . your trifix is 7w8 , 9w8 , 3w2 . i used to carry around a flathead everywhere i went and came in handy many times . i also used to carry a set of those tiny screwdrivers for tiny screws , used to also carry around a whole toolbox ... holy crap , you guys carry a lot . on any given day , you'd probably catch me with : - utility knife ( used to carry a hammer with me for those just in case moments , now all that's left from my ... i don't force myself , but i engage in activities that are so fun that it is painful to wait until i can do it again . snowboarding is one of my favorite things to do in the world , but i can't do it ... could get an impreza . never had any trouble fitting in any cars since i'm pretty short . i'll probably end up moving to a big crowded city , or at least be commuting in it thanks to the nature of my ... if he didn't before , he does now ! hahaha i've probably said this before but i'll say it again , i want to live in the mountains or in a forest . or at least in a smallish neighborhood next to or in a mountain or forest . just imagining waking ... we're too understanding to stereotype people and hate a whole group of people for the action of one , no matter how odd it happened it be . hell , i think most of us somehow fit no stereotype , and at ... lol what happened . i am so confused . i wasn't offended and i'm pretty sure no one else was , except for maybe the op . us lot might be kinda responsible though ? maybe ? istps are generally problem ... every type has their weaknesses , and i could sit here and list as many weaknesses my type has caused me . and i will ; 1 . the concept of feelings is a struggle for me to understand and grasp . it's a ... continuous concentration - your score was 50 . the average score is 75 . attention errors questionnaire - you scored higher than one out of every ten people who took this test : your score ... dang , that's experience right there . i'm too scared to run up the ladder , even with no load . i seem to have an unreasonable fear of the ladders unlatching and collapsing as i'm on it . i'd think i would be more likely to make you guys my sidekick . i make the grenades , i blow things up . you can sit there and bask in my glory . i don't think istps are known for any amount of sophistication . after all , we do have a fuck it attitude about a lot of things in life . i don't lift , at least not weights . i used to lift lumber ... i thought it was pretty obvious as joke seeing as how we're in a thread about manga and anime . how much more nerdy can we get ? lol . i would consider myself a nerd , hell , i frequently go to anime ... if you're interested in buddhism , you should look into reading the dhammapada . it's pretty interesting with a bunch of jumble . there's one line that stuck out to me , kinda went something like this , ... probably pride , gluttony , and sloth . i do have an ego but it isn't expressed in everyone's face . i get irritated when i lose , i hate losing to people around my skill level , especially due to cheap ... woah , take it easy . i was just joking . wasn't supposed to be taken seriously at all . more of a chess guy . spent most of my free time back in high school playing chess . during lunch break , in between classes , sometimes during classes . i like what chess has to offer . what are you , a nerd ? i'm bad with remember names and people in real life , it is about twice as bad when i'm trying to read a book . tried to read game of thrones , i really can't , i could have sworn a ... '