' intj : i hate furry animals tbh me : alright so this is where i tell u to go get a heart if it means u have to rip it out of someone elses body im what i like to call a horizontal drunk the second im even sort of tipsy my only goal is lay down ( or settle with slouching in a chair ) , im generally happy and nice but mostly i wanna sleep gotta love correlational studies steins ; gate ( awesome characters ( a very well represented intp character ( kurisu ) ) , not a lot of fighting ) neon genesis evangelion ( about robots kind of , old 90 ' s animation ) fooly cooly ( very short , ... my mom and sister really really believe in ghosts and today at dinner my mom was talking about how her door kept being left open and i was like hey our new puppy ( who is a huge german shepherd puppy ) ... i only cook things that i know are going to work and be worth the time for prep . my friend got me this 100 ways to make ramen cookbook and holy shit its awesome because you can make some wacky shit ... saying intelligence turns me on is pretentious as hell and no one cares me : why is it me : that i can wear socks for hours me : lay under a heated blanket me : and yet me : my feet r still ice cold ( other ) intp : bc when ur soul is cold as hell its hard to keep ur ... i have a really good friend whos a entp . we used to joke that we were almost twins when we didnt know about myers briggs stuff and the i and e difference perfectly describes the differences between ... something about the way you label yourself an online sex god tells me that you have no clue how to approach women with decency in environments that arent inherently sexual so you come across as ... my intp friend : ppl say im good with kids but honestly i think its just bc im good at pretending not to be annoyed 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? pansexual ! 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) i dont regularly but if my friends have some ill join 3 . how ... i have by far , the worst sleeping schedule of all of my friends . they are pretty bad about sleep schedules , but i am by far the worst . either through procrastination , distraction , or general idiocy , ... ey i dont have any statistics but im a pan intp so theres more than one lgbtq intp ! i love how you can actually get shit done its so cute and productive i just want to settle down with my 2.5 kids and nice suburban house and go to my 9-5 job pushing paper every day . ill invite all my friends over for dinner parties and itll be fantastic ! ! ! estj my grades were great until i got into high school and i actually had to try to maintain my 4.0 , now in my seniour year my overall gpa is like a 3.75 or something like that , i was only saved through ... woah woah , dont get crazy gotta love that the majourity of this thread is intps talking objectively about feelings when that was exactly the opposite of what was asked for . nice going guys thank you for the detail ! i really do appreciate it . i was just wondering how people of my type feel about tattoos and stuff , you seem to be one of the more decisive ones ive always had this issue with being very sure about wanting a tattoo or two but being really unsure about what id get and where id get it . does anyone else have this issue or have tattoo stories to ... intj : * links me to a picture * me : what a cool pic intj : agree gotta love the enthusiasm here kael yeah , you can only deal with earth shattering panic and losing vital stuff before you gotta figure something out . at least i usually leave the building with my phone , keys , and wallet , ... 1 . dont make rules for intps because theyll just come up with reasons not to follow them vocaroo | voice message ( sry for awkward pauses ) very rarely do i ever remember any of my dreams , and never in great detail like some people do . and when i do remember my dreams , theyre kind of terrible every single time . im really jealous of ... i think the problem id have with taking a picture of my death glare is that its very relative . you have to see all the rest of my facial expressions ( which i have quite a lot of ) that i have on a ... intjs are satan incarnate , i have 4 intj friends so im pretty sure i know what im talking about . but actually i think that intps and intjs work well together because they both love talking about ... my bff is an ixfp ( ive had her take the test like 8 times but neither of use can remember what it is exactly ) and i love her to death . weve known each other for 7 years and weve gotten used to each ... i didnt say higher than college level , just college level . they admit plenty of athletes into college who have less than elementary school level reading levels i started reading when i was very very young like kannbrown i got exposed to a lot of educational stuff , so its not impossible . there is definitely more unbelievable shit in this world , like the ... nah , its not . though , if you look up the average college students reading lexile , its not as impressive as it sounds i lose things so often that i have a system set up for when i cant find something . i dont panic , i just very calmly start looking all around me for where it would have been usually , then i start ... kurisu makise from stiens ; gate holy shit . she is actually me so much its kind of crazy . we both have the same way of thinking and dry sense of humour . i had never identified well with anyone in ... its weird to me that you guys know the specific name for all these perfumes / colognes but i guess they arent really my thing . my favourite smell probably of all time is vanilla . i want to smell like ... https://33.media.tumblr.com/95f10a72fc8b56f63f8bff68f6146c4a/tumblr_nedkxfEJvE1r6janpo1_500.png this is sort of right , though they sure didnt have enough clothes to choose from and my hair is more ... taco bell , dr pepper , and this cheesy bread stuff i can only get at this one local restaurant . ill think a 20 dollar pair of pants is too expensive and then spend 20 dollars on food with no remorse , ... i love science and stuff like that , but id never want to pursue them as a career as there is not much call for purely theoretic scientists . art is where im majouring and im having a fucking blast ... blacklion if were talking about how much we know a person , id definitely agree with you on that first part , people get to hear more about me the better they know me . what i was saying before was ... im pretty sure you just described the entire reason me and my ex intj gf broke up . i think its honestly a type thing , because i was so closed off about my emotions and basically didnt ever talk to my ... of course , context is key , but in general , i think its important to relate yourself to the conversation to show the other person that you understand and are paying attention ... - i used to read anything and everything i could get my hands on . my mom actually had to set a limit of 50 books per library trip because she was tired of trying to get them to the car . i especially ... i use personal anecdotes to make the conversation more interesting , though that sounds kind of narcissistic , if you can relate to something that someone else is talking about , it makes them feel ... besides family pets that i generally had no responsibility over , ive had a few fish that have all died . my most successful run was when i had seamonkeys for two years . they lived purely off their own ... vocaroo | voice message this is so long omg sorry about that im a little rambly at 2 am i have a group of 4 intjs an infp , and me and let me tell you , it is fun to talk to them , but holy shit is it intimidating . i have the opposite of the problem that you have , some times even i think ... school stresses me out because its so pointlessly boring but i know i need to finish it , also being incompetent stresses me out i usually de-stress by disassociating from myself and my problems ... i dont care what anyone says , money would still solve like 98 % of my problems and i could spend my leisure time working on the other 2 % if you want to be more comfortable with yourself and your social experience , you need to relax . trying to make it work will hinder you more than help '