' i got 593 . from what i've read about the enneagram i'm a 953 , though . i read somewhere that a lot of 9 ' s mistype themselves as 5 ' s . gtfo feeler ! a lot of the stuff that you read in the intp descriptions applies to istps a well . like you mentioned we share a dominant function . honestly , i think that even some of the things those descriptions ... don't worry about it . you are trying to make sense of the world and it's hard to ask this kind of question without being offensive . luckily , istps don't usually get offended too easily . i've ... my mother-in-law is an estj . she is the epitome of an upstanding citizen . she volunteers at her church . she is eager to to any kind of manual labor to help someone out . she is a teacher in one of ... i'd rather buy my own cheap lawn mower to walk behind 40 minutes a week than have to drive to a rental shop and load up a nice mower every time i wanted to mow my yard . it pisses me off enough to ... i can't think of any great ones . it may be better to post this question in the cognitive functions forum . they've been helpful for me when i had these kinds of questions . i'd be interested in ... i have a facebook account but i don't use it . i do like twitter . i never tweet but it is interesting to see what people are saying about the snl episode or basketball game that i am watching in ... i experience almost everything mentioned in this 6 page thread but this sticks out to me . i will analyze something to the point that i can't remember all of the reasons that support my argument . ... http://i.imgur.com/qd2Eb.gif interesting . if clay aiken tested as an istp that is further evidence that the tests don't mean a lot . i think aiken is an enfj . he uses fe a lot and has an in charge interaction style . he ... really rare for me too . i can't even remember a time i've said it to my parents , although i think i have . i like isfj females . i've been lucky enough to be around a few that aren't overtly emotional . my wife is one and her mom is an estj tyrant . that made her a lot mare logical than i think she would ... crap ... now i have to go slower . : laughing : i'm sure it all depends on who is watching and what mood they're in . also , what kind of car you are driving . some departments find reasons to pull ... maybe it's just me . i love setting how things work like that though , even if it is cgi . thanks . i've been reading this subforums off and on for months now and never noticed if anyone cussed or didn't until after i posted that question . the inner dialog i posted above was highly ... netflix and / or bit torrent . i love living in the future where we can choose what we want to entertain us . you watch http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPoHPNeU9fc and your favorite part is watching tony stark's apartment remove his suite . ( no homo ) this . the limit on the main road in my town is 50 . if i'm driving my 5 speed , i will be at the limit faster than the guys in the other lanes 95 % of the time . after that at least one of them ... i'm big into a lot of different kinds of rock . classic rock was the first kind of music that i listened too that i still consider worth anything . my favorite band from that genre , or any for that ... people who are physically in my way annoy me . - when people drive slowly and i have no way to get around them . - in the super market , people who stand around and don't give anyone a path to go ... hm ... i'm really ( mostly ) trying to figure out what judging function he uses . if you saw the last episode of the celebrity apprentice , clay aiken sat him down and tried to have a discussion about ... http://i.imgur.com/bvj3Q.gif yay for rotary ! i do that a lot too . loosely defined , that could be considered customization , as well . at least it is different than the factory settings . i thought so too when i first ran into the mbti . i prefer se / ni over ne / si for sure , though . my high level of introversion makes me seem more like an nt than an sp . i think istps get a bad rap ... someone can correct me if i'm wrong but i think an ne user would want to brainstorm about different things that something could be where an se user would just enjoy actually doing the customization . ... i am feeling more comfortable with istp now . what really helped tie everything together for me was taking some time to learn about the enneagram . after understanding that i am an enneagram type 9 i ... are there any types that like to customize our stuff as much as istps ? i tend to ( at least want to ) customize everything that i own . it is to the point that customizing something is about at the ... thanks , allisreal . i haven't put much consideration into typing myself as an isfj . i will read and think about it to see what i come up with . i'm still leaning istp right now though . i think i made this post to see if anyone would look at my answers and say something like you can't be an sp because of this and this . i know i'm an introvert and i use my body too well to be an ... i realize that i am raising a zombie thread here but screw it . top gear is my favorite show . i have put some thought into their types . clarkson = entj he definitely has an in charge ... i think he is an entp . this doesn't sound very scientific but i think it works pretty well . when i try to decide between intuition and sensing i try to look at the way the guy moves and image ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i am pretty conscious about hurting people feelings . i don't like to watch someone be an outcast when it is obvious that they would ... if i understand se correctly i do think he uses that . i remember listening to him describe the parties that he throws at his house . they sound wild and very se friendly . he seems like he is up for ... i don't have anything to add except that i think you are spot on . he is a really interesting guy . are you talking about penn point ? i used to watch those every once in a while when they were hosted on revision3.com . that is one of the reasons i am interested in typing him . he is still putting ... penn's stage personality is loud , animated and a lot of people would say annoying . if you watched his showtime show , bullshit , he calls the people he disagrees with asshole . he is a cast ... epic , that is a good way to explain it . thanks for clearing that up . this is what has really helped me as well . even thought i am not nearly as good at social situations as esxps ( for ... my experience with social anxiety has been really similar to what a lot of you have said . i was very socially anxious as a kid . i always felt inferior . as i got older i learned to not care as ... i looked into day trading for a while . i practiced trading forex with some free software that i found that allowed to do make fake trades where no money was involved . i watched a ton of videos on ... i agree with and experience everything posted so far . these two are things that i do all the time and have always done . i've been wondering if they had to do with ti or are just a shared ... i hit my first and second home runs after about 4 years of slow pitch softball on friday night . i'm the smallest guy that i've seen hit the ball out , so i think that's pretty cool . he is crazy but he's a good crazy . here is a video of my dog , rupp , acting like he does every morning or just any time he is happy or wants something from me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECy7C404P70 here he is catching a ... that argument is really close to the fermi paradox . a couple of things i would add to the list : - if aliens were already here and they have the ability to communicate with us , we would probably ... yeah . i wanted to say the best game is one that involves no luck but that isn't really true . the best games are above all else fun to play and / or watch . it depends on how you look at it , i guess . if you think it is unfair that someone has more or less skill than his opponent , than you are right . i see games as a chance to find out who has the ... i saw this show while flipping through channels one night last week and thought of this thread . it's called alternate history . wouldn't you know , the first episode was about what would the us look ... khys i'm right there with you about the getting old thing . my options , at 55 , will be limited in terms of doing what i want . if not because of anything else , my body just won't be the same . after ... that is the way i see it . even if you do something nice for someone else , to your own detriment , it is because the psychological reward is greater than what you gave up . '