' since i just logged in for the first time in a while and saw your thanks , it made me wonder ... have you taken a step in this direction yet ? this sounds wonderful ! the real trick to reinventing your style like this is that it has little to do with your weight or your disposable income and a lot more to do with your confidence . ( even as ... having fun daydreaming about this with the alleged $ 1.5 b ( actually $ 900m pretax ) powerball jackpot ... if i won $ 600ish m i could finally have the hybrid career i've wanted to have : 20 % poker ... not really . i'm not questioning the term itself because that would just be semantics . i'm questioning the theoretical prediction that certain mb types should have certain cognitive functions . i've ... bumping because i read david allen's gtd a couple of months ago and think it's fantastic , with just a couple of modifications . would be very interested in comparing experiences with others who've ... ooh , i love your style ! cool bracelet . sorry to hear you were crying--hope things are better today . yah , i love all those , especially the leather jacket at t-shirt punk influenced thing . yep . so how could you make part of what needs to happen to build a career , happen ? if you can't last long in a job that's drudgery , would it be a better investment to avoid that whole thing and just ... well , first i'm sincerely sorry about your job . that's such an awful experience , as i've lost a few jobs in negative circumstances , and it really hits you on a number of levels . advice : as much as ... nice ! i love the goth scene , but i came to it late in life , so it's taken me a long time to feel at all comfortable with my own self-expression . what sort of bands do you consider goth ? ages ago , i shared with this forum the most emo year of my life , when i fell for an infj who had some serious issues and basically ended up breaking my heart because i gave her way too much room to ... oh , good grief ... :) ( that's not a good grief of annoyance at you . that's a playful good grief of knowing how we * nf * s talk ourselves out of believing that anyone could ever be in love with ... yes ! thank you ... 2 and 3 are directly connected , and it's weird how , having finally learned that it's ok if not everyone likes me , it's so empowering . in fact ... dare i say ? , i think i'm actually ... ah , looking back at this thread after a while , my biggest thought is , i wish more infps would find areas where they're motivated to develop leadership skills ! because i infer that frankly , the world ... you're drawing unwarranted inferences about a situation you know nothing about . my judgement is that further discussion is unlikely to bring us closer to mutual understanding , so i'm going to ... right on , they do work , but i'm struggling with how to organize my life so as not to wall myself off . i know grad school is demanding , and i worry that if i say , let's meet for coffee thursday ... the single academic life is a particularly lonely form of loneliness . i know that i have to be extremely jealous of my time , turning down social interaction that will drain me of energy that i need ... ( never mind , deleted irrelevant and distracting point . ) the harm is that , in my experience , relatively few people have the maturity to treat this as a highly speculative exercise in seeking to understand hitler , the individual . relatively many people ... it irritates me to no end that people still think this topic is worth debating . what a total abuse of the mbti . looks like this thread has some new life ! so i should update it to say that i now have moved on to a phd program at a different university in a different field . i definitely think infp / infj types , ... wow , i'd forgotten how much fun this was . hotspur lyssah thanks . i really appreciate the sincere concern and positivity you both project , even though i'm sort of trying to tune this topic out of my thinking because of the pain it represents . ok , back to broken record mode . why is it that everyone else on earth is allowed to find love but i'm not ? at least i'm happy with every other area of my life right now . i just have to dwell on ... infp's seem to struggle disproportionately at work ( not a scientifically proven assertion , just common sense ) because we all want to find significance , and mostly work is just a load of bullshit that ... sigh ... i've been in my new home in a wonderfully exciting city full of creative people for 6 weeks . already i feel the same old ruts and dissatisfaction setting in . so many cool people out there , ... the hard thing is to build up the self-confidence to realize that , if they're not interested in repairing the relationship , it reflects poorly on them and isn't something you should beat yourself up ... i love neruda . i would hunt down something from veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada but i don't know if anyone wants to read a poem in spanish . cool , thanks for posting . i'd like ... a better question is why infps like to draw broad sweeping conclusions based on only a couple of data points . :) ( guilty as charged ... although in this case , i think i have a dozen or more data ... yeah , i'm all for tolerance of noobs ( not to imply that you're not ) but i agree with this need . i've always wondered if a forum like this one would benefit from moderators aggressively merging new ... good to hear from you , hotspur . i've been really busy with a cross-country move but beyond that , just started to feel like there wasn't much to post about . and candidly , at first i stopped posting ... it's pretty disheartening that this thread is still going on . this is the kind of stuff that people who don't care for mbti point to in warning about its dangers ; plenty of perc folks are delighted ... introspiritual indulge me for bumping this old old thread . first of all , many thanks for engaging on the issues i've posted and not just opposing me with bluster . i just noticed this point : ... yeah , cf = cognitive functions but without empirically verifiable evidence , that could be true of any assertion . i could say , most human beings speak chinese . and you might say , that's not ... perhaps it's just their overreaction / stereotyping of you based on other fashion freaks who in fact are judgmental in a way that you are not ? just an imaginary monologue : other people have told me ... on a message forum ( not this one ) , someone asks a question to which i google to find the answer . i give the answer , then thinking i'm being helpful , i write : all of that in my original reply ... don't spend years seeking for the one thing you want to do for the rest of your life . it's ok to course correct . don't be afraid to try one option that you think would be good . other people may not ... there's the problem . yep . it's so much more comfortable to leave it all ambiguous and open-ended , right ? unclebigs : why the hostility toward infpblog ? i happen to disagree , at least in theory , that alcohol consumption couldn't be correlated with mbti type . of course it's correlated more strongly with ... glad you're feeling better ! this is why i've been so absent from here for a while . i literally feel like i have nothing new to say . i wish there were a way i could just filter out all the facebook posts about boyfriends , girlfriends , anniversaries , and babies . god help me , i'm getting so bitter . hey , y'all . it's been a while . i'm still working ( temp ) for the greatest boss in a near-perfect role for me . however , i'm starting to get the blahs . part of it is sleep deprivation ... part of ... wow , i'm really quite a stranger here . gotta find an interesting thread to post on . but i only read my subscriptions ! must find something salient to say ... my long time no see posts like this one ... sometimes we need to suppress our strong p-ness and accept that sample sizes are always adequate for generalization and that each individual case can be different from the pattern . yeah , that's what i'd been doing , but i think having a very simple task list separate from my inbox is probably a good thing . if nothing else it indicates that i took a conscious effort to think , i ... i've been working on this the last few days , and it's really got me excited because it's like the antidote to so many of my bad infp habits : original inbox zero articles ( 2006 ) | inbox zero ... i'm obviously not real involved here at the moment . ( part of learning to be a happy infp : being ok with not doing everything to please everyone all the time ... but i digress . ) i enjoyed making the ... '