' at my work , passive-aggressive behavior is what gets a response ( which i find incredibly annoying ) . i tend to be very direct and have tact , but it's not received well . does anyone know if ... i'm not a career-first type . i have hobbies , a family , intellectual interests , and volunteer outside of work . at the end of the day , i leave when everyone else does ( and we all start packing up ahead ... i worked in a previous field and switched fields . my programming job is my new field . my previous field was a heavy-people field . i think it's my personality . i can switch around and around and keep ... yeah , there's the joke cp time , aka colored people time . in my younger days i used to think it was funny until i realized it's not , it's just irritating and rude . in some cultures and groups , for ... i read glassdoor to get an idea of what it can be like , but experiences are different for every person . sometimes i wonder if i have a bad personality that doesn't mesh well with others : unsure : unfortunately , it seems to be at the expense of our sanity . as much as i'd like to problem solve , it's better for me to just grin and bear it because the fact is most people are whiners who'd rather ... i've come to that conclusion myself . unless people demonstrate otherwise . i almost always wear my wedding rings - - they're removed for cleaning the house . i wear earrings every day , and i do make an effort to wear bracelets and necklaces . sometimes i get lazy and don't don ... i'm a genuinely nice and kind person . i've learned people are scared off by generosity . it's like seriously people , i'm actually helpful . we live in a world of take and take , and when people see a ... oh , i'm also a programmer :) i don't know what the issue is . my current supervisor spends most of his time giving me help i didn't ask for , and then berates me loudly like i'm an incompetent ... please allow me a few sentences to vent . i am once again , experiencing issues with people in the work world . this is my 5th company in the last 10 years where it appears i can't go through life ... unfortunately this company is not a place i want to stay with . the environment is not a place for people who have ideas on implementing efficient processes . i'm looking for a new job , at any rate . as a programmer / software developer , i thought this discussion was interesting . i'm starting to rethink some of my own ideas about what i am interested in and can do , and i figured i'd share . i ... i'm a little late in responding / updating , but you are right . i've come to realize that while my employer is one place i'm experiencing this issue , overall in life there are going to be people , ... sometimes when i get extremely frustrated with a situation and seek to devise or find a solution , i come across another roadblock . it seems a lot of these roadblocks exist because many things happen ... now you've lost me . i believe that's called hunting their prey . you know what sucks ? when it's a cultural practice to be late . in my cultural background , it's normal for people to not show up for a wedding until a half an hour or an hour late . at wedding ... how would you know they are or aren't an istj ? i'm seriously getting sick of seeing people who are convinced they know what the mbti is of people they don't know . the next question will be : why are istjs so uptight ? not sleeping yet :P have a degree in comp sci / programming . looking to get into an it position . in my experience , dressing up nice or conservatively has been the least of my concerns . i like dressing up whether it's business casual or more conservative . never had an issue wearing heels , making ... i hear you ! there are an awful lot of horror stories about istj mothers ... my own mother is nuts but i sincerely doubt she is an istj since she is so extroverted and jumps to her emotional states a ... i was told i was a sweet-hearted child who was shy , but i could keep myself entertained and never needed hand holding to find something to do . i didn't like chores ( of course ) , but i liked books , ... naturally bonding with people can be difficult , too . i know a lot of people just don't find me likable even though i often hear that i have the qualities of a likable person . that's why i don't ... well , it would be a start . when you say interview a company , how do you go about that ? just setting up a meeting ? that's how it went for me and after a while i gave up , too . i've nearly given up as it is right now but am choosing to just focus on the things i want to focus on . i'm a lot happier when i don't make ... bump in the night ! keep in mind the point of obtaining an education is to result in an employable position after graduation . that means your degree and experience must reflect that . instead of thinking about what to ... i think it's best to see the workplace as the area in your life where you do something productive in exchange for money . what you do to be productive is up to you , but it should be something where ... that's called making friends , and for a lot of us other people just don't like our flow . to which i say , they can go down with the tsunami . if my supervisor's supervisor's supervisor - - basically an executive did not think they were a big deal , that tells me they weren't a big deal . especially if the supervisor was talked to and was asked ... here's the deal - - i don't think i'm asking for a lot out of a job . i just want a job where i can go in , do my work , and leave . i don't think i'm entitled to special perks or treatment . i don't even ... i've had difficulty almost my entire life . when you move around a bit as a child and teenager , it makes it difficult to make friends especially if you're ugly as hell . i know it sounds mean , but i'm ... it's always more refreshing to get yawns than rotten tomatoes , or pitchforks and torches :) i thought it was run from us . lol ! not if they're tempurpedic ! those things last forever , i swear . and are oh so soft , with the best alignment ... ( thinks of robbing husband's pillow . husband is an n ) okay so i am going to be a pain here but i have to ask this . what is up with the questions about so many problematic istjs in people's lives and people somehow being so sure the problem person is an ... oh yeah i can appreciate that as well , but sometimes it's nice not to lay one's head on a concrete block all the time and enjoy the seemingly weightless pillowy softness of abstraction . i don't find socializing despicable , just stupid people despicable . or being told that all people belong in boxes . now that's a yawn for me . i told some people this weekend that i don't like people , while i was hanging out with people . ( sips tea ) oh , i have to agree here . even my husband is sometimes surprised by my emotional fervor . he never sees it coming , lol . apparently depending on the context and your sex , it can make you appear mysterious as well . a friend from school thought befriending me was the most interesting experience before term started ... uh ... i found it interesting . i like talking about philosophy if it's in the right context . when people try to talk philosophy when it should be about government , i find it pointless . it's simple - - ... yes , many wish for what we should be and many are disappointed . lol . i think istjs could go this deep but let's be honest here , we won't go this deep if we don't know you and don't think you actually ... i've thought about taking a break from life but not disappearing completely . a coworker once told me she took a break from life . i asked her how she did it , as the concept seemed strange to me ... apparently , being an introvert who likes to socialize with people yet is a misanthrope is a weirdo . news flash for me ! : confused : i'm getting older and began to realize , i don't gaf about who ... you know , this question has come up quite a bit over the last two years . i also have a lot of experiencing working with aspie kids , so i'll give it a stab . i don't think istj's can necessarily be ... i'm trying to understand why a school would think they can supersede parental authority by enacting this kind of discipline themselves . '