' in the recent ukraine crisis i've had a hard time deciding whose propaganda has been more blatant , that of the russian tv or that of the western tv and newspapers . i've decided that they are lying ... mhmmm ... it's either having sex with my chemistry teacher or standing on the seat of my motorbike at 60 mph , take your pick . both events happened a long time ago . my female intj friend plays piano , dances ballet , likes to go hiking and loves classic german poetry . sounds more like the hobbies of an infp ... lol . besides my usual two dozen hobbies and interests i'm currently obsessing about the history of the american west . i've almost finished one book and already ordered the next . i've also started to read ... if my longest relationship would have been 1 1/2 years i would also say that i would never ever cheat and it's incomprehensible for me how somebody could cheat . i don't want to offend anybody but ... there should be a law demanding that everybody who rants publicly against cheating must disclose the length of his / her longest relationship . knowledge , love , friendship , freedom , loyalty , peace , silence , health , good food and wine . my female intj friend used to be my superior at work for 8 years and she's definitely not intimidating . but her bluntness and her tendency to fight for her opinion in meetings didn't make her very ... reading your post i almost got the impression you don't like istjs ;-) my girlfriend is an istj and i love her dependabilty , honesty and dedication to everything she does and to the people she ... yes but then most people younger than ... let's say 40 have a ridiculously short attention span . maybe i feel like that because i grew up in the pre-digital age . i don't know anybody who is less controlling than i am in a relationship . i eat alone most of the time at work . i need some quiet time to recharge my batteries . also i like to read in my lunch break . in my adult life i never met anybody who made me hate him / her . dislike sure ... but not hate . i usually feel that somebody who is doing something bad is inferior . how can i hate somebody who is ... who says intjs don't know how to get girls ? speak about yourself , bro . i've known an intj woman for about 10 years . at least she tests as intj but sometimes i think she might be an intp . anyway for about 8 years she was my superior at work . we had a very good ... the thread title reminds me of this penpal i had ( for a short time ) who was always explaining to me why i really did or said something and how she is so empathic that she always understands people ... i certainly have a scientific approach to life . my main goal in life is to learn how everything works . as a kid i wanted to know why some stars are moving while others are stationary , where the ... well ... i'm shocked ! ! not by the article but by the fucking virus that the website the op has linked to was trying to send me . i've met three intjs ( two females , one male ) and i like all of them . two are pretty close friends . i have always something interesting to talk about with them . a best friend must be loyal , dependable , inspiring , intelligent , honest and willing to share his / her thoughts and feelings with me . i feel blessed that in my life i have met two great friends who ... my female infp best friend and i have been fans of the same rock band and we used to chat on their website . then we met in berlin , spend a before sunrise-like weekend together , decided to stay best ... marcus aurelius it's not that strange . i click with other intjs . they may be rare but if i meet them there is a good chance that we'll become friends . one of my childhood friends is an intj . i've known him for ... i agree with lilysocks . everybody gets boring if i'm around them too long or meet them too often . some people bore me after a minute and some after spending a week with them . even my so begins to ... very well observed . i know three other intjs . one has been confirmed by multiple tests . the two others have done only one test each but i know them well enough that i can type them without any test . in fact i think ... i'm very touchy-feely with my girlfriend and with my female best friend . i also consider myself romantic . the other 3 intjs i know in real life are not much different . the stereotypical ice cold ... so we are only allowed to talk about ourselves here ? lol that's pretty silly . you don't know me and you certainly don't know my best friend so i can't talk about whatever i feel like here . that's ... it's not like that . she does put on very nice clothes and she puts on quite a bit of make-up . she wants to look attractive , she just thinks that she looks like an ugly duck when in fact she's as ... my infp best friend also can do this . i find it extremely weird . she can describe the colours of all the people she knows in detail . isn't it strange that sometimes the most beautiful people hate their bodies and faces ? my female best friend looks absolutely stunning . a lot of heads are turning when she enters a pub . her body is ... some of my strategies for coping with stress , anger and sadness : going out and having long walks in parks or nature . going jogging or work out . writing long mails to friends and penpals . talk ... i can't carry it for you but i can carry you ! from the lord of the rings : the return of the king plus about half of the dialogs in casablanca . according to david keirsey intjs are very good in maintaining relationships if they have finally found somebody who meets their standards . my relationship has now lasted for more than 28 years and ... i like hugging close friends . unfortunately most guys feel really uncomfortable with it . so most of the time i only hug my female friends . i don't like to be hugged by mere acquaintances and ... i have to say i understand the annoyance of the op . i also think that anybody should be able to answer a text in a reasonable time ( say 24 hours ) but i have to live with the fact that many people ... it obviously depends on the other persons personality type . trying to covince an infp with stating facts and explaining the rationality of the thing you desire is a strategy that is doomed to fail ... i'm more easily hurt by criticism that is completely undeserved . it makes me think how in hell could he / she think that about me ! ! ? in the office i sometimes take extra efforts to please a ... then get ready for a wild ride if you ever get close to one , especially a female one ;-) nobody can twist and shake your brain cells like an infp you care a lot about . you'll desperately try to ... i'm like you , i'm usually trying to find out why somebody who used to be friendly to me is suddenly acting like an ass or giving me the silent treatment . however sometimes people are just to scared ... well , i only really know one infp in person . i'm attracted to her because we can talk for hours and hours about wild concepts , philosophies , psychology , cosmology , the meaning and the subtexts of a ... i was born in 1967 so i was 25 in 1992 . yet i hate most music that was made in the late 80s and early 90s . i love rock and pop music that was produced from the 60s to the early 80s and then some ... my infp best friend is exactly like you . yeah , it sounds crazy but if infps strongly criticize somebody and get angry with him / her it means they do have strong feelings for that person . for people they don't care much about they usually ... i know exactly what you are talking about : does your date know about mbti ? if not my recommendation would be to introduce him to it and give him david keirsey's please understand me ii as a ... ah ... ok . i see . english is not my first language so sorry if some of my wording is a bit awkward . i'm happy if i can express at least 70 % of what i truly mean . lol . i completely agree . it always annoys me when anti-social intjs blame their lack of social skills to their personality type . yes , i don't like to go out too often , especially not to big parties or ... btw my profile picture was painted my my infp friend :-) i couldn't agree more . only by learning about mbti have i understood that every personality type is dogmatic in his / her own way . intjs and infps are certainly among the most dogmatic . but don't let ... bago , i think you have misunderstood me . i did not say my friend wants to marry me ! i said that she wants to have a relationship with another guy that is comparable to my relationship with my ... '