' hi , entp , and welcome to the forum . : wink : from what you're describing , she could be an estj because sjs don't like change much and are routine-based . : wink : it sounds like from what you desribe , you're an entj . : wink : you're definitely an intp . : wink : you are definitely an estp . i can tell by reading the description . : happy : it's called the daytrona patch . : laughing : welcome to the forum and enjoy your stay here . : blushed : welcome to the forum and enjoy your stay here . : blushed :: blushed :: blushed : try reading both types to see which fits . : cool : read both types . then consider which of those types describe you better . you'll know by the way each feels . : cool : welcome to the forum . : wink : regardless of disorder , your personality type is yours . don't you understand that the disorder you have doesn't determine your type . you determine who you are and not the condition . don't you know ... i would say that you are an isfj . :p roud : i like to be around people . it helps me to observe who they are . :p roud : he's an intj . : blushed : she's an entj . : blushed : sounds a lot like an isfj . : blushed : i think you're an infj and i'll tell you why . first of all , infj's can be analytical because they're observant . and secondly , because they look carefully at the situation . and finally , because they ... from what you've said , i would say that you're an an infj . : wink : i'm an enfj with adhd . : blushed : infp's are nice people . :p roud : i took the test and found out that i'm the dismissing type . intj's are fine , but i prefer istj's . : blushed : i would be self-sacrificing . hi , chrissy and welcome to the forum . :p roud : let's be true ! listen to your heart , so honest and true . value your heart way up in the blue . let's get along way up so high . and be off to stay true to myself . : blushed : take time to talk and listen to each other . :p roud : i'm religious and i'm an enfj . : blushed : hi , i'm an enfj . welcome to the forum . :p roud : try and read both descriptions to see which one fits . : cool : very interesting topic . : happy : you're definitely an entp . : laughing : hi and welcome to the forum . :p roud : hi and welcome to the forum . : happy : hi and welcome to the forum . : happy : hi and welcome to the forum . : happy : hi and welcome to the forum . : cool :: cool : my list of stereotypes include : strong , confident , bold , courageous , self-confident , self-assured , and assertive . :p roud : i'm an enfj and i like to go out with istj's . they are loyal and protective . i appreciate their honesty . :p roud : maybe you want to change because you want to use your shadow fuctions . : happy : i go to bed at 10 pm and get at 3 am . i'm neither an early bird nor a night owl . : cool :: cool :: cool : my test result is mace windu . : happy : i voted non-political though when i took the test , i turned out liberal . : happy : my life is filled with family and good times . : happy :: happy :: happy : i like sj and sp because sj's are guardians and sp's are artisans . : wink : he sounds like an intj . : happy : my mom is an infj and my dad is an estp . :p roud : i like istj's . welcome to the forum . i hope you enjoy your stay here . : blushed :: blushed :: blushed : nice to meet you . : blushed :: proud :: wink : '