' you fell down the stair while walking in the library ... knowledge when someone just gave you the compliment of you are really good at being straight forward . first , as you know it's not a mold . not all are alike . i answered you from my own personal experience and what i know about myself . if i don't care , i wouldn't leave the picture up . unless , i don't ... can't say for everyone but the ones i've been in contact with . i think h still cares . greatly put . though at time , i never share my thoughts / ideas because i just don't care to share them with the world . would you ( an intj ) force someone against their will and believe ? i have a friend right now , whom i once considered to be a best friend but now lost all respect for . she's been using all tactics ... i don't intrude in people business . i tell them my opinions and that's all . i do tell everyone who ask for my advice that they should do what they feel is right in their heart . i'm usually easy going ... to me i know a right way to do things , and i tell people to do them . if something i don't know i'll ask and that's how i have always been . i think to others that might seems snobbish and ... strangely , this video . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q34z5dCmC4M&feature=share you know the funny thing is i don't like cats . not one bit ! i'm a dog person . funny because supposedly , intj's are cold and evil ... yet ... yet , i can't seems to get enough of puppies . i love to hug ... hmm , for all the intj's out there , do you sound bossy and demanding ? lately , i've noticed people keep saying i'm demanding . however , i honestly can't stand when people are going at it wrong . for ... in the stacks ( library ) , class , their organized ( not always clean ) room , in a secret hiding place where one can look over to a nice view , and last but not least book stores or electronic stores . i wonder if this is the same for all other intj's out there but i am a technophile . i love learning about technology and owning them . anyway , i noticed that compare to my girlfriend i prefer owning ... the other day i had a pang , a sudden instinctive feeling about the future . a few days after , things turned out just like how i've felt . it makes me wonder , did i gathered clues subconsciously and ... i do use power grab technique but something is off about that . not quite sure . this sounds immature or he's trying to push you away . i tease my girlfriend a lot but usually it's just us being lovey dovey . i have to admit i have pointed out facts about how her body is , and use ... intj here and dating an isfj . first off , she said i'm cold ... cold ? ! ! ! well anyway with the bitterness aside , we do things differently for sure . simplest thing i can think off is studying . she ... for a long while i thought one my best friends was an intj . i asked for advice on this very same forum a few days back , and now believe she's an estj . just an extremely weird one i guess . the other ... i'm going through all the personality types again and it just hit me . my whole life , my old man raised me to be like an intj . it makes me question whether or not a personality is something you can ... my lego creations being taken apart . when you can't seem to do most things right . for example , drive or park the car , walking into glass doors ( for some reason i can't never seems to detect these ) , stump your toes and fingers , can't ... you might be right about the extravert thing . she wanted us to talk through together and fix it , whereas i prefer to go to sleep and think it through . every time that we argued i get extremely tired ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fymacb7GYDg dingo thank you for your reply . i am majoring in neuroscience and minoring in psychology right now . what you've stated rings true . as far as psychology goes , maturity also affect your personality . as ... forgot to mention earlier , if no one else has mentioned it yet . i'm an intj and i'm also a feeler . :P just one who's introverted . on a more serious note even intjs have feeling function compare to ... that looks like narla under the moonlit night . awh man intj here and i wanna be an owl instead or a kitty on dr . evil's shoulder , whispering world dominating thoughts into his ears . treat them like normal people ? i have friends who are feelers and they are not as bad as they are paint out to be . there are logical and sane feelers out there . some of the best people i know are ... not going to lie i love being affectionate with my girlfriend . i'm quite the romantic when it comes to her as well . i take a month or two before a holiday or special day just to plan out what gifts ... am i just cold because i'm different or is it an intj thing to be cold ? one of my best friend over the years has gotten clingy and needy . she constantly need to know my where about or why i'm doing ... i forgot my point for this , i think it was just to point out some inconsistency in someone else post . either way , i think it's both nature and nurture . i want to point out to one of the theory for ... i guess this is more of a stream of consciousness but it's also one of those special moment when you go , goddamn i'm sure hell is an intj . anyway , story goes as follow , during one of our many ... this is interesting . i do similar thing i guess ? i don't normally look intently unless i'm listening ( i . e lecture , listening to a story , etc . ) . however , i tend to look into space when i'm listening ... i understand your first point exactly . i do that sometime but other time , i'm completely oblivious to the situation and ending up telling people what i think / what is factual . for example , the other ... you know funny thing is i don't like anime . i think i might probably be one of those weird intj's who doesn't like something they should . i have to say i like some anime like samurai champloo , dead ... intjs are you afraid to tell people things that are factual ? if no then next question . if you like someone would you ever admit it to them knowing they might not like you back or will never accept ... thinking we're all scrawny nerds sitting behind a screen playing games . while this is true to an extend , i do sit behind a screen playing games at time , i'm also an athlete . i'm not scrawny or nerdy ... no it makes sense , and i like the way you interpret it . what i don't like is when people say best friend implies one , then proceed to say s . o is basically your best friend but being s . o is more ... glad to hear i'm not too introverted and essentially live in my own crazy world . i agree with you , i believe we can have more than one best friend . it doesn't matter what you call it , best friend , ... i want to ask you intj and whoever else is reading this forum , how do you define the different types of relationship ? according to you , what is the difference between best friend and s . o ? thanks . pretty much sums up how i feel and what my girl has been telling me . i guess what bothered me was that i refuse to change myself and my principles , and yet i still want to keep this friend . i ... believe it or not , i actually meant it . i don't lie about calling her my best friend , so i want to somehow fix this . this is why i'm here . i'm trying to find ways to held up my end of the deal . when ... your intj friend calls you cold . your girlfriend said you're expressionless and cold during sex ... this is the best advice i've heard . i think it could just be she's busy for real . it could also be she's afraid of being out with you for some reason ? my best advice is to just confront her . have anyone here ever been annoyed with another intj before ? i have a friend who also happened to be an intj . in my mind , i considered her to be a best friend , and think she's close and important ... when you're watching a science related video involving manure , and somehow you can still eat your toast while watching it . i did . functions in mbti are there to help us understand how we perceive and understand the world . it's not just about knowing how emotions function . as i see it , perceiving and understand the world ... '