' ladies and gentlemen , blank & jones . ;) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udv30vPizLk http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eTEj7CEcxuQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IeEFdECFwEE lol . anyway , just to contribute ... here are some songs that , although raw / brutal , are structured and have some meaning . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nPw0JUptfUM ... titanic tries way too hard to be emotional and touching , and fails completely . that movie fails at everything , really ( except making money ); narrative is bad , story and characters are generic and ... - people should not be allowed to maintain unhealthy diets . just like people should not be allowed to waste their time watching mindless idiotic things on tv . i disagree with those that argue that ... i don't know about marcus aurelius , but i've been meaning to read the republic for quite a while . seems interesting from what i've heard . some ancient philosophers were truly wise people - i would ... this . i don't know about lewis , since i only read the chronicles of narnia , but everything about the bible that's worthwhile can be found in some dostoyevsky books ( like the idiot and the brothers ... there are probably many books worth reading , but i'll just name my two favorites : - the brothers karamazov , fyodor dostoyevsky - daodejing , laozi not romantic , gothic and certainly not tear-jerking , but andrei rublev ( 1966 , andrei tarkovsky ) is tragic , dark , cathartic , epic , profound and artistic . it takes lots of patience ( especially if ... absolutely not . i want to live a long , good life , but not an endless one . that , i believe , would be a fate worse than death . even if i could eventually kill myself after some centuries , it is ... not a quote , but since you're talking about mothers , you could add to that the mother 3 game . a beautiful homage to both human mothers and mother nature . http://www.buddhablends.com/images/gautam_buddha_in_meditation.gif there are others too . i once came up with a theory ( or read it somewhere but don't remember ) that the only truly selfless ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling - waste of time 5 to kill a mockingbird - harper lee 6 ... - i hate people who whine and complain about religion and god , and yet are unfamiliar with any religion besides christianity / judaism / islam . - i strongly dislike christianity / judaism / islam . - a brighter summer day , by edward yang - the terrorizers , by edward yang - andrei rublev , by andrei tarkovsky - the horse thief , by zhuangzhuang tian - a touch of zen , by king hu i bet no one here ... - i hate when people use it's all subjective ! ! 1 as an attempt to invalidate any logical argument . it completely destroys any conversation . i'm not denying the existence of subjectivity , but i hate ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCJwZDrQNls theme song from arguably the bestest movie ever . i don't usually like this kind of music , but this rocks . 1 . * insert random painting by thomas cole * 2 . * insert random painting by caspar david friedrich * 3 . * insert random painting by leonid afremov * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6S1coZRDfXE perfection , ladies and gentlemen , has already been achieved . i don't like being generic , but my favorite is beethoven's 5th symphony . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vQ9CeIic4es there are no words to describe how perfect it is ... ( 7:18 = god ) the legend of zelda - majora's mask delightfully dark and apocalyptic , unlike other games in the series . there are many genuinely sad moments too . there are so many brilliant things in this game , ... i love osamu tezuka's buddha . it is a beautiful story , and was pretty much my introduction to philosophy . other than that , i hate anime , absolutely hate it . really fuckin ' hate it . i hate organized sports like soccer ( to hell with you americans , its called football and thats it ) , basketball and whatever.hate hate hate them . ' outdoor ' sports ( isn't football an outdoor sport , ... sorry if anyone might feel offended , but seriously , fuck math ( and chemistry too ) . with that out of the way , i can say that even the interesting subjects are boring at shool . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RIruxNChnjk call her moonchild dancing in the shallows of a river lovely moonchild dreaming in the shadow of the willow . talking to the trees of the cobweb ... if you do piss off an infp , then give him a hug and he will forgive you . i know i would . this . and ' sulllen ' too . also , i love the word ' flabbergasted ' . its so ... sophisticated : tongue : ico and shadow of the colossus are the best . but there , in the mud , was hidden a terrible , giant , carnivorous insect ! but there was no time for that , as suddenly bacon was attacked by ... flying vegetables ! ! ! np's are the bestest . youtube - fates warning - epitaph part 1 youtube - fates warning - epitaph part 2 greatest song ever . thats a fact . i don't know , but i'm libra and i can relate to what you said . too . i usually speak very quietly , and people rarely understand what i say . also , i tend to ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvm9UOOjwXs this band plays depressive black metal , and the whole album is excellent , but this little piano piece at the end is just ... marvellous . just beautiful ... nothing . : sad : i love you . : sad : my advice ? don't worry about it . you are still young , and ( hopefully ) you have a long life ahead of you . so just go with the flow ... anyone can lose their virginity by , say , going to a whorehouse and ... ' indescribable ' . with a single word , at least . : tongue : you should write a book . you really should . i'd buy it . reading that was everyone's pleasure , i think . i wrote a short horror story some time ago , during my lovecraft craze . the story was absolutely terrible , but i kinda liked the first paragraph . i have never seen snow , so i don't know for sure if it ... every fuckin ' day . ooooh , dream theater is / was great ! : wink : anyway : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbStcmwzzIQ its kubrick . you can't really go wrong with kubrick . and thank you very much , i spent days trying to do this ! : crazy : now , as for my avatar ... well , its kinda like a joke , because , you know , the ... general jack d . ripper . and yeah , that is a memorable shot ( from a memorable scene ) . as for my avatar ... well , i don't have any ! how do i upload an avatar pic ? i also scored interpersonal and existential . since everyone has already seem the description for both , i'll just leave here the description for the renaissance ideal ( me , apparently ): the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u5zYu7Ajqro this song is pretty different from his ( one-man band ) usual stuff , but since it is more accessible , there it is . some might find it hard to believe that ... i can't believe this ... you didn't ... oh god ... : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dVhfcFci_Q set me free and let me see all the beauty in this world give me hope , make me believe that i can change this world and be forever free in harmony ... i just started reading ' brave new world ' . i'm still in the beginning , but it can already be added to my ' favorite books ' list . '