' it's the second time you mention this and you're giving me the chance to address it . it's not clear what i mean . it depends on the emotional state of the other guy . if a woman sees that a man ... planetanarchy drmiller 100 wow ... these stuff i did not know about 2s ... i'm gonna need some time to think . in the meantime , let me just say that in one of these days i read that 8s ... haha ! i like how you phrased it ! how you picked those last words acceptance of love . it feels like a trigger-happy solution . it computes alright ... but it doesn't feel right . what i thought ... the previous post was pretty loaded . i've cooled down since then . first , i'll be honest and say that 6 is a type i hope i'm not . this search of security seems boring and ... pointless . sounds like ... i had to ask someone about this . he told me i've never seen you express your anger , but i have seen you angry and you left . and that's true . when i'm angry , i leave so that i can contain it . ... i have some stuff to post but for now i want something . how do i determine the heart and head fix ? what am i asking is the two lists , like the one you gave me , but don't mention the ... there are some persistent thoughts in my head for the past few months . some of them go back a couple of years , and some where always in my head . to me , it seems that i'm under a lot of stress , and ... wow . i now get it how that can be disorienting . this sounds like not having an orientation in life , a path . and sometimes i just wish i could stop thinking , pondering , trying to figure out how ... thanks for the responce ! wow , it's been some time since i started this topic . i remember my anxiety when i opened it . since then , i've met a couple of estp girls in real life and i now understand ... she wasn't valued ! this is why she wants everybody to go her way . during her early years , people she had close to her behaved in a way that made her ( or her ways ) feel dismissed . i'm getting a sense ... oh man , i'm sorry to hear that . she's older than you ? and , yeah , temperament or type doesn't automatically mean that you're a nice person . let me rephrase what i said : its nice to have a healthy ... typo ! i meant to write estj . although i haven't typed anyone in my past or current environment as an estj , i'm trying to find a way on how to manage a conflicting relationship . while this is ... do you take this as criticism ? or an indication she doesn't get you ? i do , and would if something like that was said to me . even if you don't , i do believe that not all people will get us . not all ... dude you rock ! great answers . the you wouldn't believe me anyway could be a provocative luring technique to get you interested in something . i have , logically , reached the same conclusion : ... that's one of the things i'm trying to do . but to answer the question , because i've learned to repress my anger . and my emotions in general . for the last year or so , i'm starting to see that i have a ... yes , and that's not always a good thing . i have backed down when i was on the right because i was afraid i was beeing unfair to the other person . i now make a conscious effort to place myself , my ... hahahahahaha ! i have nothing else to ask or say - at least for now . your post was as elaborate as it can get . thanks ! one thing i'm starting to notice about estps and entps is that they are ... victory seemed imminent , but then ... :P this is the only time when you have a fight with your wife ? when you're the cause of a problem ? because if not ... you're telling me that she can ... how does her rage looks like ? i'm asking because i've been on the receiving end of estp outburst and although i got scared at first , it didn't made me feel miniscule . it made me engage and go louder ... a fight takes place because i want something from the other person . i can end any fight simply by saying what i think , feel , and want from the situation , and convey how important it is to me . if they ... good luck :D give me an update with the results . i was about to start a thread on this , and i might still do so , but this : expresses what i think is happening to me , but i couldn't put into words . if i stay detached from others and ... that sounds more like luring , not chasing . and i agree , it's fun . and it's more of a challenge . actually , it's seduction . aww ... sorry to hear that :-/ can i give an idea ? don't go forth so much . go forth and then stop . and then go forth again . and then perhaps fall back a bit . tease him . show interest and then ... how does you chase look like ? examples . first off , thank you for your replies ! it's mentioned a few times that it's best to meet in person . i also like to meet people in person for all the reasons that you mentioned . however , this is a ... hey all ! :D i'd like some tips , dos and don'ts , on how to message an estp girl online . although she's a girl , men shouldn't shy away - there aren't so many estp girls on the board after all :P ... it's natural for vulnerable things to be heavily guarded . the only thing i have found that worked for me is to let go , accept and then show my vulnerability . it's not easy to do , and i don't ... whatever i may think about the two systems or how i use their teachings , the message that i keep from this conversation that typology is not the be all , end all factor in determing the fate of a ... please don't take any of this personally . i'm only giving out information and personal opinion . a romantic relationship between an infp and estp is a bad idea . they're conflictors . this means they ... the internal dialogues are , by now , a problem . i will bring a person into my head and have a conversation with them . the person could be someone i know , someone i've chatted only but haven't met ... she * is * hot ! vivid face , great skin . laina - youtube i'll take a lot of liberty as i interpret that , aaand ... i think you're trying to deny your needs :) i'll continue with this line of thinking and say that denial is one possible reaction we have ... awww , there goes my plan for world domination :d ry : it might be a bit late , but i can confirm the first 3 . the last one goes away after point in the limbic-ness scale :P hm ... something around 60-65 % ? that's what the tests say . heh ... i ... i need to step outside ( balcony perhaps ) and start looking arround . the farthest , the better , and i need to start breathing the outside air . also , sleeping under the sky is an amazing experience ! ... oh , yet one more thing that i get and have heard from an se-dom . sometimes i get this weight in my chest , a chocking feeling , and i need to look outside the window or get outdoors to relax .   ... i have no idea . that's the first time i hear . i don't really know about enneagram yet . i'll keep it in mind though : wink : besides going hulk mad ? : tongue : i'm good with body motor movement ... maybe . it's 1w9 . or maybe i've been repressing my anger for a very long time . i vote for the second : tongue : i can't locate the option to disable parsing of youtube links . i want to do this : [ url = http://youtube.com/ ... ] a nice video [ / url ] but the forum keeps processing the link and embeding the ... yes , you did . i wasn't clear enough . i meant to say what are the differences between a limbic and non-limbic infj . e . g . : they behave like this or like that , it makes them like this , and so on .   ... when do you feel the most strong , confident , and energized ? when you make someone laught ? when you're nurturing someone ? when you help someone ? when you stand your ground ? ( fill in your ... people become crowds because they haven't became individuals . individuals form groups that are connected by relationships and goals , not crowds that break on rocks like waves . people don't want to ... oh , that's not about english , it's terminology . inferior is the last function of a type . trickster is one of the shadow functions . check this out : infj archetypes yes , of course . what's your relationship to se ? for infps it's the trickster and for infjs it's their inferior . i'm restrain my anger a lot , until it explodes , and i go into a physical rage ... i'm thinking that perhaps we should throw some sympathy back at them : hey , what's happening to you and you react like this ? first , thanks for your time : wink : but ... i take things very personally and get very easily hurt . so that makes me think i'm fi dominant . since you're fi dominant too , let me take this chance ... first a question , what is the difference between a limbic and a non limbic type ? now with the show . reading the four types i concluded that i'm all of them for a while and none for ever . i ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i'm not certain of my type and you're taking me as a base point . but even if i was certain , i could be mistyped ! and that's not intented as a critisism . just food for thought . '