' yeah , i totally get this . like i was saying in my last post , i used to lash out more when i was younger , but i was never like ryan . i used to actually be really calm , but once i got to my boiling ... yeah , i was thinking that he was probably more extroverted . i actually felt bad for him because i used to lash out like that when i was in my late teens and early twenties , whenever i got really ... wow , i just finished watching the first episode tonight , and there is one guy on there named ryan , and i wanted to ask anyone else who is watching if they think that he is an extremely unhealthy infp ... personally , i would simply prefer no compliments , at all . with the people i've been around , i usually think that they are giving compliments because they are trying to be nosy and / or they are ... i'm like this as well . i will make connections from what other poeple are saying and that becomes the basis of my humour . i do this with my boyfriend all the time . he'll say somethng or make an ... this is true of me , too . people expect me to the nice , quiet one so when i do say something it's like oh , sh * t , look what she just did and i have scared some people before , since they really ... i forgot to add in my other post that sometimes i will act like the manipulation has worked on me , but then i will still do what i want to do , especially if i think that the person who was trying to ... as an infp , yeah , i normally do have a great deal of empathy for other people , but that manipulation won't work on me if someone has been doing things to tick me off over a long period of time . i ... with a couple of people i've known , they would make little digs at me and act as if they were joking . these are the people who tap dance on my last nerve . also , people who try really hard to be ... i feel like i can take a joke and i do like joking around with others , as well . but if i feel like someone is constantly making jokes at my expense , that's when i need to confront that person . and ... i'm sorry to say this , since i don't know you're friend , but she seems rude . she knows that you feel uncomfortable when she continuously makes fun of the things that you like , yet she still does it ... i think i found this site through yahoo , as well . i hardly ever use google . i was really just doing random searches about introversion and personality type / personality clashes and i came across this ... i get annoyed by know-it-alls as well . the only time that i get annoyed with the way someone else is doing something is if it is personally affecting me in a negative way , otherwise , feel free to do ... i've done this , too . poeple i have been around have told me so much stuff about themselves that i could easily use that against them if i really wanted , too . a lot of people just talk way too much ... i am really bad at expressing myself through verbal communication . i feel much more comfotable using written communication because then i can gather and organize my thoughts and edit if need be . i ... i don't think that he deserves any sympathy . i don't know much about typing , but from what i read , i thought that infps were considered the type most likely to see the good in other people . but when ... i agree with this . she was in a psychological prison becasue of her father . and now she is physically in prison for killing her father . the father definitely wasn't worth going to prison over . he ... well , i usually have a long fuse , but when i do reaching my boiling point , it's not always pretty , and i have said and done things in the past to get my way . but over time , i started to value ... sorry for your predicament . i am not sure how comfortable you are with confrontation , but it seems like you are confident in who you are and what that entails , so my suggestion to you is to tell ... yeah , i'm like this , too . have you ever had times when you have been difficult just for the sake of being difficult ? i remember back in college , i had a like / dislike relationship with an english lit . professor and some of ... my sentiments , exactly . my sentiments exactly . that man abused his own daughter over a long period of time with no regard for her piece of mind and the trauma being done to her . he basically took her innocence and sense of ... i'm really awful about getting back to people when they call , even though i know that it is rude . i think that people appreciate timely communication and will eventually get annoyed if they feel ... i can be difficult to read , too . most of the time i don't smile or laugh when i'm around other people . i smile and laugh when i am around family or people i feel very comfortable with , but for the ... i knew a coworker who i felt was sadistic in a subtle way . she loved to amuse herself at the expense of others and was a total b * tch , always walking around with a smirk on her face . she just gave ... teenage wasteland sleepers the virgin suicides total eclipse running on empty american history x a clockwork orange requiem for a dream rebel without a cause the professional i definitely want to travel and possibly live in another country . i've always had a fascination with ireland . i absolutely love the different dialects . once i have enough money , ireland is where i ... have you ever gotten to a point where you have cut communication with a family member ? i tried to cut communication a couple of times with my mother because my relationship with her wasn't that great ... well , there are a few things about me that might not fit the mold as an infp . ok , as you said , i don't like confrontation but i will confront someone if i feel strongly enough about an issue . ... well , actually he does the same thing to me . if he sees an actress or tv personality that he considers hot or good looking , he will say it . just the other day , he and i were watching an episode ... my boyfriend is tap dancing on my last nerve . i need to get a damn job , so i can start saving money . i want to go to ireland but i need to get a job first so i can start saving . anybody got a ... for me personally , i definitely find certain male celebrities to be hot . if i see a male actor and i think he is extremely good looking , i will not hesitate to say oh , he is on fire hot ! ! ! . i'll ... i also hate confrontation . i know that it is necessary but i just don't like having to tell someone that i don't like certain behaviors he or she is displaying and basically calling people out on ... well , throughout the day , i've been listening to muse and also the alicia keyes song unthinkable . i am not really a fan of alicia keyes but i really like that song and the music video . i still ... do you sometimes feel like you are being interrogated and that you're personal space has been intruded on when someone asks you a normal , harmless question or comment ? for example , in college , i had ... i think it's because a lot of people like predictable behavior , so when someone does something that seems out of character , it is surprising . i'm really not surprised by much , because i think that ... i definitely identify with this , espeically the part where you stated that people expect me to be nice and quiet all the time while simultaneously encouraging me to speak up - and even misbehave - ... i am really bad at keeping things in a specific place . i have a habit of leaving little things all over my apartment , so that when i need them i can't find them . trying to find the keys for my ... good points . one thing that i have noticed over the years is that for some reason people expect me to be the nice one / quiet one . i'm not sure if a lot of infps have that expectation placed on them by others , ... i have two younger siblings . we weren't close for a few years , but during the past three years , my sister and i have developed a good relationship . i am seven years older than her . she is in her ... yeah , in my personal view , a b is not a bad grade . if a student can maintain as and bs , then that should be good enough . if my daughter came home with as and bs on her report card , i would be ... well , i was born in jamaica , but i was raised and am currently in the us . exactly ! that example you gave and your explanation , is exactly what i meant about people simply giving feedback / advice or just listening , instead of making people feel incompetent . well , i do agree with you about already being aware / hyperware of flaws , so outside criticism isn't much of a surprise . so i have been slowly making my way through the infp threads . the one thing that i keep coming across is that infps don't like criticism and take it very personally , so you have to treat them with ... thanks . i watched half nelson when it first went to theatres , and have seen it a few times since then . i am a fan of ryan gosling , and i really liked the acting and story in half nelson . it's on my ... when i was in high achool , i was accused of staring at someone , and i won't lie , i probably was staring at him . he sat on the opposite side of the room in one of our classes , and sometimes i would ... thanks . i went onto netflix and looked up visioneers . it seems interesting . i like black comedies , so i'll most likely watch this one . '