' i've been in a couple of casual dating situations ( because of horniness ) , but i wouldn't do it again to be honest . i tried not to get invested because they both had expiration dates , but eventually i ... i don't listen to much k-pop , but i recently found out about tablo and i think his music is pretty sweet . not sure if he's straight up k-pop , but i think his music is associated with it ( since he did ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyZPvJHcumI first song i've ever listened to by nick cave , but it made me fall in love with his music . i wouldn't object to going to a nightclub if i were with a good group of friends and the music they played wasn't too terrible . 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? yes , many times . i'm pretty sure i have ( or at least had ) undiagnosed depression . i have had the roughest two years of my life up until now and there wasn't a ... personally i don't have many opportunities to discuss topics of a personal nature with others because in real life there's always a possibility of being judged , but online nobody knows who you are ... i'm an atheist , but lately i've been feeling like there's a lack of meaning in my life . sometimes i wonder what it'd be like to be a religious person and find meaning in a higher power . even going to ... i don't really know your situation , but if no one in your social / work circle is dateable , maybe consider expanding it ? join a group activity or even try online dating . agreed with what others have said about breaking down a large goal into chunks . keep up contact with those who share your same goal and talk about your progress . don't expect to feel motivated all ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_c1vZE_dAI i had an acquaintance in my friend group who was a rather cold person . for the longest time i thought she disliked me . i asked our mutual friend about it ( they're close friends ) and she assured me ... i don't do well under pressure - tests , new social situations , whatever . maybe that says more about me than infjs overall because i am generally a very anxious person . i don't like telling lies in ... 47 % infj 14 % isfj 13 % intj 8 % enfj 8 % infp i can't imagine living anywhere other than my home country on a permanent basis , but i'd like to live in europe for a year or two . i'm drawn to big cities and i like being at the heart of where all ... comfort i feel very strongly about things but i am not very good at expressing those feelings . infj strengths : easily motivated , creative weaknesses : neurotic , too quiet infj ( sometimes intj ) - psychology . not the type that provides therapy , but rather the kind that does research for an organization . i think it'd be great . i'd get to study people and work with data ... it's like once i reach a certain threshold , i want to be with that person all the time . but before that , i'd be okay with them leaving me . it's rare when i meet someone i want to be around a lot and ... i like having deadlines except when they're all stacked together , then i get very stressed out . i am more motivated when i have a goal to move towards and a certain date to accomplish it by . if there ... i used to be really into fashion in high school ( not that i ever had money to spend , just liked reading magazines / blogs ) . i could never make up my mind as to whether i liked the punk aesthetic more ... you are a considerate dreamer . your combination of abstract thinking , appreciation of beauty , and cautiousness makes you a dreamer . you often imagine how things could be better , and you have ... obviously i can't speak for other infjs , but sometimes i feel pigeonholed by other people as someone who is supposedly super-nice because i am quite friendly when you first get to know me . but ... as a kid i avoided math like the plague . in hindsight i probably should have taken it more seriously , because to do well in it you have to build upon a good foundation , which i lack . but i admire ... man this is tough . at this moment in time it would have to be ( in no particular order ): 1 . slint - spiderland 2 . radiohead - in rainbows 3 . built to spill - there is no enemy 4 . waxahatchee - ... i've only hooked up with one guy ( as in someone i wasn't in a relationship with ) . it was enjoyable at the time ( duh ) but afterwards i felt really attached to him even though truth be told i didn't ... well i would say shyness comes from a place of insecurity . i'm not talking about introversion , but rather the actual fear of being vulnerable to other people . so yeah , it's probably not a good thing ... i'll probably get married someday , but if not i won't be that upset about it , i don't think . however , i would like a lifelong partner . if they wanted to get married then cool , let's do it , but if not ... i live in the suburbs , but not too far away from a large downtown area . personally my goal is to move to the city . the town i grew up in is very dull and as a kid i always felt out of place , plus ... well , the whole concept of virginity is irrational if you think about it . are lesbians who've never had sex with men permanent virgins ? does engaging in oral sex mean you're still a virgin ? you are ... infj my most favourite genres are : punk , emo , screamo , indie rock , math rock , and noise rock . when i first got into underground music i mostly listened to twee stuff like indie folk but now my ... infj ... i am an infj . does that make me narcissistic ? :P https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k-T63_DK8hc post-rock , for those who are interested . i don't . i barely even know what the other types mean . i am seriously struggling with living at home right now with my parents . my mom is constantly picking fights with my dad , who passively sits there and takes it . sometimes her arguments are justified ... it's not black and white - we often have aspects of the opposite spectrum and that's totally normal . i mean you're not the same person you were when you were a kid , right ? i'd consider myself an ... rarely , but it does happen . i can usually pinpoint qualities in a person that i am attracted to but sometimes i just feel so drawn to a certain individual even though i can't explain why . there was ... how are you today ? decided not to go to school . woke up at 6 pm , ate mcdonald's , going to catch up on homework later . what are you thinking of right now ? listening to p . s . eliot . how do you feel ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lco1rCaXH8A - excellent listeners > yep . - patient > eh ... with other people i can be patient up to a certain point but if it's waiting on something to happen to me i get impatient easily . - supportive with ... i'm in transitional period of my life with no one i'm interested in at the moment . i don't want to distract myself from my education . i have a hard time opening up to people . my friends say i'm an unusually closed off person with a calm exterior . the closed off part i can understand since i tend not to reveal too much about myself if it's not necessary . the calm part ... yes ! i wonder what could have been and what it'd be like if they were still in my life . i find that i'm kind of a drifter - i have a hard time maintaining friendships once a certain part of my life ... i get infj 85 % of the time , if not then intj . i've also gotten a couple other types that i don't recall . i'm guessing the way i answer varies by my mood , circumstances , etc . i believe it was around 800 and it was first year psychology , which is probably the largest class is just about any university . it was weird , since i was a music major and there were only 150 in my ... maybe you could study political science or some other similar field ? i'm not sure how your school runs but i believe poli sci is more history / international relations , which you might find more ... what's so special about mit ? i realize it's an amazing school , but is prestige the only thing you feel you can gain from going there ? you said yourself that it was an arbitrary decision . there are ... it's stigmatized because there is a societal pressure to be naturally beautiful , which very few people can actually attain . so basically , you have to be beautiful , but it also has to be natural or ... having to think before speaking ( at least for me ) . i'm so much better at formulating my thoughts if i get to write it down beforehand . if i have to do it on the spot i tend to have a ... when i first read the infj profile i was like ... wow , now i know why i've always been a bit of an oddball . well i don't hold that much weight to these designations , for the most part i get along okay ... '