' the way you describe sensory details and life facts is se . so i would say you are an se user . i somehow see no te in you but ti . you seem to be logically driven towards self-development . i would ... this is true ... i know esfps who just say whatever they want to looking like it's the most normal thing in the world . i'm more like : let's see what you are up to ... and then i'll make my decision . as ... yes , this thread is my territory and you were just taking a stroll through it http://personalitycafe.com/images/smilies/smiley-cool13.gif go eat some candy so you can take that bitter taste out of ... actually i wasn't shocked at all . i didnx 92t even see how it connects to the jeans . i honestly never understood these types of commercialsx 85i was always like x93so you are trying to be very creative ... nope … this wasn't for my spare time . and no , i wouldn't . funny but making up that story is what helped understand it . i don ’ t make them up based on nothing . the scenery kinda triggered that picture of me plus the fact i felt like joking about the ... actually , my point was rather different . recently , about a week ago , i was supposed to organize this commercial and i relied on visual aspect to serve as a sort of a message for an audience . i had to ... 631554 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jZ_QGAHaHMY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rTM8Npz5A6A any opinions on nam joo hyuk ? animated fighting girl to show of that tert te ... not badass enough though . sounds like an enfp my tritype is 7 3 1 that 1 nearly shocked me haha but it is actually there . eventhough if i have to pick one type i consider myself 3 before 7 i'm an estp who was typed as entp for quite a while . how i figured i'm an estp : - while i do imagine possibilities for the future i have no interest in it if i can exactly realise those ... i think that the first thing when it reminded you of something you've seen before is rather si like and your description of a photo is in great part intuitive . you did also notice some physical ... i'm not too sure about your perceiving functions either . it would help if you could answer some questions to pin point this : 1 . click on this link : flickr : explore ! look at the random photo for ... probably me fi-ne inferior te everywhere . you sound like underdeveloped fi dom . why ? you reject criticism and it seems you don't wish to except the opposites because you feel personally endangered . although , ... part of this sounds like inferior ne but this depends what do you mean by being impulsive . are you positive or negative in those moments . for other segments ( i'm on my phone so i can't quote them ... exactly . the behavior i described can be both unhealthy te dom / aux or it can might as well be clumsy and unnatural use of te . now there must be a way to tell those apart . i found this . well , ... i'm aware of interactions of functions if that's what you meant here . yes some things are part of who we are and it's not all about type . but i am trying to type a person which means i will use every ... i'm aware of interactions of functions if that's what you meant here . yes some things are part of who we are and it's not all about type . but i am trying to type a person which means i will use every ... yeah sorry for lack of info . at that moment i was just specifically bothered by the thing described in my first post because i wasn't sure is it ni or si but i was more prone to think si . i thought i ... thanks for the reply . why ne as well ? i'm kinda clear of why si but i can't recognize ne that well ? what are your arguments behind this ? also i saw a possibility of seeing te here - oriented towards ... say someone comes into a new city . the day that person came they went to a flee market . on the flee market they found a merchant who sells bracelets with a little metal piece as a pendant . on that ... is anyone watching boys 24 ? now with v app and all we can maybe start typing them ? at first i didn't believe those statistics but even in my surrounding ... all my female friends are f . i'm the only one t . there is only one more who is also t but we met recently . but i have more to ... some people are easier to type than others . and some are also more or less stereotypical examples of a certain type . i'd suggest you start looking into more than one description . se and ne can be ... what istj for ciel ? he is often saying how one shouldn't stick to rules in order to win and says past doesn't matter , only future and what is now . thatx 92s not si . he often makes interesting and ... tao's enneagram : mostly elimination but some other observations too . tao is not type 1 - i don't see why would he be any kind of perfectionist . type 2 - he is mostly about being taken care of ... a ) fi b ) don't know - that answer just says n or p . you either don't clean up because it's a stereotype for p or you don't respond visually ( s ) as much which makes you n c ) introvert d ) te e ) ... mbti : estp enneagram ( with wing ): 3w2 alignment : chaotic neutral instinctual variant ( so / sx / sp ): sx hogwarts house : slytherin star sign zodiac : aries chinese zodiac : horse big 5 personality ... gives off infj vibe xxtp ( ixtp - ti dom ) edit : sorry mindtraveler . .. you were posting while i was posting . 1 when i see someone crying , i would like to help that person but don't know how to act in that ... depends on enfp i guess . i have one friend who is an enfp ( although i am not sure of that but she did the test and said she agrees after reading again ) . basically the story goes like this : we ... dora somehow this seems familiar ... my infp friend does this to me and i'm always like : ok , options are open . aha ... let's go . and if it goes on for too long i'm just gonna shout out damn ... anyone watching boy 24 ? any thoughts on boys types ? i have one simple rule when it comes to this : don't help if you can't stand behind what you did . this may have many meanings but to me it only means that once you help someone , be sure that it's not ... i'm also 3 . and an estp . it's not so unusual . estp are fe users and i think it makes sense that fe users are prone to be type 3 . most of the things you posted are not relevant for perceiving functions and some of them are actually boardline relevant / irrelevant for typing in general . if we are gonna decide your perceiving ... se type of describing rather then putting yourself in his shoes , you concentrate on your internal feelings . --> fi usually appealing to isfps isfp oh yeah i remember now ! i saw your post . you typed him as isfp - fe . somehow i can't connect him to any of that . hanbin fi dom ? explain ? i typed him as an entp ( there is a post of mine on tumblr ) - i explained there why : absinthe adoration ( k pop , anime , manga , mbti and randomness ) : exo mbti and personality in general - chanyeol i ... yeah ! ! ! * high five * i'm a big fan :D i've been actually thinking that hongki is an estp from beginning but i'm sometimes get unsure . he does have some idealistic traits typical for n people : he ... anyone care to take a stab at ft island ? i'm kinda doubtful about some typings made for lee hongki . he is typed as entp usually but what's confusing me is that he once said he needs a lot of ... 1 . resourceful 2 . factual you know you're an estp when everything you do has a reason / motive , whether it be a good or bad one ---> but you like to pretend you don't have one and call it a mindless behaviour . ( i got this from ... entp - i was typed as one for a year . among others intj and i did consider entj for a while . when none of this worked i considered sx to be one of my main functions and this opened the doors . esfp ... elementary - i was ok but i wasn't really into school . i was training sports and this interested me more . there were subjects i liked and had good grades in them ( math for example ... around 8th grade ... wait ... wait there . connecting si to lack of creativity is a bit wrong in my opinion . there are many istj leaders of groups in kpop who are si dominants and they do create . that is no argument for ... '