' 1 . how long is a hair ... i had it past shoulder length at one point . then i generally kept it pretty short ( i'd guess an inch at longest ) , because it's a lot less fuss . i'm presently growing it ... ha ! it's something i realised a few years back , looking at patterns and recurrences . it's the tomboyishness that's most apparent , obviously . the bisexuality and father issues become apparent later , ... - atheism agnostic , but atheist in practice . paganism makes a sort of sense to me , because it seems to run along the lines of my imagination . i've been circling the edges of it for a few years , but ... not sure if it's where you're coming from , but here's what i find . i take an interest in something . an idea , a person ( as in public figure ) , an object , etc . i then treat that thing almost as an ... between seasons , i figured it'd either be glenn or abraham . no particular dread , but i did think the way the show ended s6 was really cheap . the only characters worth watching now are carol and ... i hope i never hear bannon speak , because the lack of a throaty voice , wheezy laugh and slurred speech will only disappoint . i'm not sure what the point of breitbart in the uk is , given we already ... i suppose i would draw a distinction between ' feelings ' and ' mood ' . it may not make sense to others , but it's how i've come to understand things . ' feelings ' are outward , are an engagement with the ... too little data to really answer the questions , and stuff like : bothers me because i don't know if it's asking for my opinion or for my observation . i could have been pretty minimally ' soft ... uh huh . never really followed gamergate . have to say , i've not seen any great or particular indication of ' free-thinking ' among the ' alt ' right . perhaps there's an indoctrination afoot that ... a cursory google suggest that ' cultural marxism ' is a somewhat paranoid term given by those who just want men to have a haircut that you can set your watch by and be able to call a dago a dago ... here's barry shitpeas and philomena cunk on trump from the end of last year : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4vuUfnTEkg&t it's exciting watching footage of his rallies , thinking , ' ooh , ... ' must ' can be a pretty damn elastic notion . plus , a little thinking can soon dismantle most ' must's . i mean , there's some interesting conversations going on here . but once i've thought about what ... never punch a tiger on the shoulder , buddy fashion . the tiger is not your ' buddy ' . from my leftist limey perspective , i doubt that . granted , my main resources have been thomas frank and michael moore , but i've been waiting on this for a long time . moore has a little known film ... not for me , unless in the cartesian sense . i tried it once , and it just wasn't working . though i did end up having a pleasant experience of sitting and thinking in a peaceful environment . mostly i ... i've been there twice . i hope that's my lot . once unrequited , once returned . it's vicious . you know when a bird picks something up in a shell , and keeps throwing the shell to try and crack it and ... hmm . i like some zombie stuff - i like to see human ingenuity , working out how to survive in such a ' collapse ' situation , etc . the problem comes where it becomes necessary to have someone be ... as others have said , there's obviously something that's making you second guess yourself here . i'm sure there are women who'd actually enjoy their so behaving in this way , and join in . you don't ... 1 . the book of disquiet by fernando pessoa given my username , it'd be remiss of me to not put this forward . 2 . a william james reader of some sort . everyman and penguin have nice ... a - an indefinite article in english . a - a musical note , pegged at 440hz but treated with some elasticity . a - that episode of the walking dead where a bunch of our heroes get captured by the ... i think there's a there there , in terms of a certain disingenuousness and exploitation that ( rightly ) leaves a bad taste in the mouth , be it straightforward mockery or a fetishising . that in certain ... i'm british . i get a bit keen about canada and norway , and may even visit them one day , but i'll go with wales . i live there , it packs a lot of majesty and faded grandeur in a relatively small ... animal rescue / rehome centres make a cheap and sad alternative to the zoo . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YuoToHKCas4 oh , i have my reasons . it doesn't happen all that often , but when it does it's a single bark of ' ha ! ' . anything else would be extravagence . try and get him to see the funny side ? there's almost always a funny side . life's cruel like that . what kind of humour does he have ? i mean , i'm assuming it's in the dry / ironic vein , but if he's ... whoever has to investigate flagged comments under youtube videos . see also , under yahoo news items . i could spend hours on this and still be incoherent . so i'll take minutes instead . are definitions social constructs ? define ' social construct ' and ' definition ' ... i would say definitions ... i don't go on wikipedia very often . if nature has a ' design ' , consciousness obviously fits into it . we know this because consciousness exists and , if things that exist are part of the ' design ' , then consciousness is included in that ... round the house , it's slob central with sweatpants / comfy pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt , throwing on a cardigan in the winter . outside , it's always smart trousers ( corduroy / moleskin / a nice wool ... my ex - intj - has a gloopily sentimental side and can be found ( fairly often ) watching those odyssey video based-on-a true story films . it does feel like a very particular form of torture . how old are you ? but yes , it certainly happens . two cures for love . 1 . don't see him . don't phone or write a letter . 2 . the easy way : get to know him better . - wendy cope . or , enjoy ... of that lot , water . i find the rest pretty bleurgh , though wine is the alcohol i can most bear , so its what i go for when i want to get drunk ( which is a very rare thing ) . i get my caffeinne from ... when undergoing my assessment for apsergers , i had a proper , timed , physical-objects-involving overseen-by-psychologist iq test . wechsler adult intelligence scale - fourth uk edition ( wais-iv uk ) ... i've been accused of playing hard to get , though really it was the outcome of a mix of chronically low self esteem ( no-one could possibly be interested in me ) and a blindness to certain signals ( much ... after a fair bit of back-and-forthing on the matter over the years , i came to a resolution that works for me . i believe free will exists , simply based on my experience . i believe there are ... i'm no good if it's above 19c ( maybe a little higher if there's a breeze ) - my preferred range is 8 to 15 . i sort of like the sunshine , but i find the world looks saturated and i have to squint a ... the one that immediately came to mind : bat for lashes - what's a girl to do ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATVtZP_NSLg happened upon it from a discussion of a particularly english sense ... don't remember . i think i learned to read at infant school , which i would have started when 5 years old . i live in the uk - don't know what that translates into in the us school system . i didn't ... a cat or an owl . or a squirrel . kitten thinks of nothing but murder all day - the onion - america's finest news source about 8 , i wanted to be a bus driver for a while , but only on the particular route that served my road . it was a really nifty minibus , and it seemed a pleasant route to be driving back and forth . the ... so the cops knew internal affairs were setting them up ? i don't agree with that . i will happily acknowledge that's how you feel - why would i not ? seeing as you seem a bit glum about it , my response is to ask why you feel like that , what has ... i don't know from what perspective you are asking for a ' point ' . in one sense , there isn't one . in another , there doesn't need to be one . to me , feeling is motivation . personall , i find ... i told myself it was all something in her , but as we drove i knew it was something in me . - springsteen , highway 29 i'd go with this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bR5u9jb0PJE i don't know enough about tubman or jackson to consider the merits of either ( though i can't think why anyone would protest tubman being on some currency ) , but i do think representation is very ... never quite got games - they can look brilliant and interesting , but never quite chime with me . to that extent , like a kid with a toothbrush of their favourite animated character to encourage them ... it's too much information . both in the hackneyed ' tmi ' sense , and in that i cannot process what is going on with someone's eyes / face / body language as fast as i can hear their words and intonation , so ... as sure as i can be . i've done quite a few tests now , and once got istp and once intj . and even as i was doing the test , i knew that how i understood the responses i gave was not how the answer would ... '