' istj in university here , currently employed as an assistant librarian . in the past i've been a babysitter , clarinet tutor , shelver , and shop assistant . if it pays the bills it pays the bills . i'd ... what do you see ? a slightly pudgy and highly nerdy redhead who 90 % of the time has a deadpan expression . would you want to be friends with this person ( aka yourself ) ? possibly . what role ... type 1 gryffindor here . i honestly expected to be placed in hufflepuff or possibly ravenclaw , but the pottermore sorting hat has spoken . and even though i don't behave like a stereotypical ... quite frankly , i prefer being given money . that way i can spend it on something i actually need . i'm quite awkward with the whole receiving-presents thing in general though > . < ah , let me see . things that bug me about myself include : 1 . always needing to have the last word in . this is especially bad since i live in a family where everyone else needs to have the last word ... oh no , i don't do the crying thing . especially not in front of others . i've also sworn to myself that if i do end up crying in front of people , that it never be in a workplace environment . i ... stacey's mom , has got it goin ' on ... it's playing on a loop in my head t_t dear one specific esfp who is on my nerves right now , not everyone is you . get over it . sincerely , your irked istj friend ... i think that's how i like to imagine inner-me sometimes xd i'm not really a fan of the sparkling vampires . haven't even sat down to eclipse yet . i may watch it though , if only to see taylor lautner ^ ^ ... i'm trying to come up with a completely logical answer to that , but in the end they all boil down to because you're supposed to ! xp gah , not the puss in boots face ! must - show - no - ... rant : why can't people put the caps back on juice bottles , toothpaste tubes , and glue sticks when they're done ? ! it is really not that big a deal . my mum used to make me play tennis as a child , although i am probably the world's most awful player as i am now ^ ^ i also used to be a green belt in judo , although had to give that up when we moved ... istj here . my best friend is an enfp . for some reason , we've never argued once . amen ! i haven't had parental help with homework since ... elementary school xd mostly because my mom kinda fails math as bad as i do so > . < when you mentally finish the above concluding response with i'm right . when you turn into a complete and utter hermit during the most important exam period of your life and refuse to go anywhere except the library or to think about anything other than study material .  ... yep , the leftie xd my normal photo face looks something like this : - . - my attempt to smile ... makes me look like a creepy robot > . < fail smile is fail . i did lol at it though xd observe : ... it's probably the most evil thing i've done in my life xd how do you show that you are romantically interested in someone ? i don't > . < unless you count going bright red , falling down stairs , walking into walls , or choking on air . the more attractive they ... mother like - trusts me ( enough to let me borrow the car ) - is prepared to help in the event of major emergencies - makes an effort to get along with everyone - is self diciplined enough to go ... yes . to the point where my grandpa unquestioningly accepted that pride and prejudice involved elizabeth and charlotte eloping , lady catherine becoming a stalker , while mr . darcy and mr . bingley were ... i've been driving for almost two years now - although only recently have i received my p plates . under the law here , it is required that a learner driver ( with l plates ) complete 120 hours of ... would you consider writing a hobby of yours ? if yes , when did you first take an interest in writing ? what sort of things do you enjoy writing the most ? what sort of characters do you prefer to ... to be honest , marriage and children aren't anywhere in my life plan . i think there's a ... fixation in society about ' needing ' to have those things in order to lead a fulfilling and complete life . if i ... my best friend is an enfp , and we've never fought even once ^ ^ i find her to be warm , compassionate , and vivacious . by far , she is the most affectionate person i've ever met - though if we weren't so ... what i do for exercise primarily depended on what sports were available each term at school . all through the year i have done taekwondo twice weekly . in term 1 i additionally had badminton twice ... ... when your self-discipline absolutely crumbles at the sight of chocolate xd i'm in my final year of high school , and i'm taking : - advanced english ( + extensions 1 & 2 ) - mathematics - chemistry - japanese continuers - legal studies currently i'm looking at ... agreed . crying i see as an indication that an individual has been placed in a situation they are incapable of objectively managing . it would be understandable if they had suffered from anything as ... to create clones of bowser o_o all i can say is , thank goodness it wasn't clones of edward cullen . even if i don't know all that much about a topic , i actually can find most subjects interesting provided the other person knows what they're talking about and i can learn from them about it . but the ... woah , seems taekwondo is quite popular :] when i was a kid i took judo classes ( and was the only girl in them ) , which focuses on throwing and holding an opponent rather than kicking and punching ... i actually went extremely health-conscious a while back , and am probably going to do it again when i start university . the only fast food that i ever really eat comes from mcdonalds or occasionally ... aw , thank you ! ^ w ^ i did miss everyone here so it's rather exciting to return ! i was remembered ? xd * feels cool * thank you though ! i was caught up in exams so went on a bit of a self-imposed ban on recreational computer use ^ ^ it's great to be back ! at the moment , my room is extremely messy , and it's really starting to bother me > . < there are sticky-notes all over the walls with maths equations , and textbooks all over the floor because they ... i become a little awkward when i see people cry in general . i tend to feel like i should approach them - even if i barely know them - and ask if they're okay , if they want to talk about it , and if ... you know you're an istj when ...  ... you're preparing for a job interview 3 years in the future , writing out every potential question you could be asked and the best possible answers you can think ... 1 . can you type without looking at the keyboard ? yup . 2 . do you use all 10 fingers while typing ? i've seen some people typing with their index fingers . o_o yes , and i don't see how people ... i started to feel alienated from about the 5th grade - after that i was only popular when it came to finding a partner to do projects with . it takes me for-freaking-ever to make friends . back in ... what irks me today : finding people twice my age immature - . - aussies as a culture swear far too much i think > . < i think in general it's too casual a place - in hong kong , no one would dare be seen walking around in flip flops , t-shirt , and a pair of shorts ... i think i'd be a better coworker than friend to myself > . < when your friends invite people you don't know or trust onto group holidays that you've been arranging . especially when there is limited accommodation , and the place needs to be kept clean because of ... do you swear / cuss / curse ? yes how often would you say you swear ? rarely why or why not ? it's not ladylike - but if it's first thing in the morning i really don't care . although i find ... character is doing the right thing when nobody's looking . there are too many people who think that the only thing that's right is to get by , and the only thing that's wrong is to get caught . - ... easily intimidated ? more so than i would like to admit . not so much in the sense of physical intimidation though . for example , i can find some teachers very intimidating , primarily because my ... at school , i use google chrome , as having it configured to the intranet enables me to access my timetable through another program . also , i have mozilla firefox for home , as it has the feature imacros ... '