' there seems to be a bit of hate on the social sciences around these forums for some reason and i am not sure why . they seem to be criticised on the grounds that they don't provide hard , objective ... what a lovely posistion i am in today . only 20 days to conduct the empirical portion of my thesis , analysise it , write it , write a conclusion and then go back and revise the entire thing . think i ... i'm sure you have considered this , but are you assuming that your real ' self ' is to be found intrnally . in the first video you mentioned it was impossible to note one's own unconcious which may ... personally i think our lives are quite firmly out of our control , from environmental factors in our upbringing , our gentic codes , the laws of phyics , our pyschology being set quite firmly at a young ... yeah i feel stupid . sometimes i even feel smart . however both are beside the point , whether you feel / are stupid or smart is not particularly useful information . what you do with yourself and how ... to be honest i have , so far , always found a divide between the person i am in solitude and the one i am in the company of others . i think it would be fair to say that the one on his own is much ... well i think they're all hiding at university . i go to monash and i've never seen so many nt's gathered in one location . other than hauntig the ivory tower though , then yeah , melbourne has a dire ... haha , yeah sure , the inner monologue makes a break for it ( the external world ) every so often . most often when i am alone and unselfconcious , and it also greatly increases the more exciting the ... when it comes to procrastination i am a first rate intellect , able to anticipate future events with lightening precision and then place myself properly in order to avoid them with the least effort . ... pretty much my own experience . it wasn't until i was out of high school at a friends party that it eventually happened ( 18.5 years old ) and i thought ' what the hell ' . was a very bland experience to ... yes , definetly , but i do keep tabs on what i say ( or try to ) . usually i'll do this when faced with some theory , especially when discussing face to face and you can be more spontaneous then the the ... busy ? yes and no . i don't mind producing things , that essay or a piece of creative writing for example . its usually intellectually passive work that annoys me , the background reading and the ... ha , yeah , used to that . as a kid continually paced around in circles and day dreamt . i am not sure but the motion really stimulated my imagination . don't do it anymore alhtough i notice that when ... well i guess i can relate to a few of these posts . i didn't get a mobile myself until the age of 17 or so ( most of my peer group had them at about 12 ) and even then just as a pure utility ( such as ... maybe this consideration of our thanks :p ost ratio and the social proficiency it implies , is the only way our poor wittle fe can get some air ? ah the unified intp offensive , soon all the thanks will be ours ! muwahaha because we do have an inordinate amount of idiots ( at least in melbourne ) who decide the best time to test their ' mad driving skillz ' is at night . when i'm / we're asleep . we have an abundance of ... haha , well just got a few then bringing me 1 for 1 exactly and now this post ... sigh ... tips the balance back into negative . i'm going to have to leave this forum for awhile , i just can't take the ... delete post ( was asking for location of wiki , found it ) . dear university and thesis : go f # $ % k yourself , your instituitionalised power structures , your pointless , removed from public research , abstract debates and fragile ego's . also : just hurry up ... haha , stop-n-chat ( extroverted drive-by's ) are fine as long as i can keep a lid on it . usually both parties know that there is a time / word limit involved , its when the other person doesn't and you ... yeah just logging on gives me anxiety although i don't have credentials to back the theory , high thanks = a ) highly developed and cogent reply to a comment which is timely and timeless simultaneously . b ) a lol catz picture c ) the ... i believe that belief in free will is desireable but that forms of determisism are most likely ( economic , biological , pyschological variations etc ... ) it's basically a reworked version of pascal's ... 1 . what's your overall interest in sex ? ( high libido , low libido , normal , procreation only , etc ) whats normal ? in any case it varies quite drastically according to diet , exercise , sunlight and ... that morning espresso when you grind the beans just right and the crema comes out nice and thick and just right too . then the aroma of freshly ground beans mixes with the freshly made espresso . mmmm . throne of blood : an old japanese movie adaptation of macbeth , probably one of the best ( macbeth movies ) i have seen . the subtitles were poorly done , other than that though , very interesting . ran with socialist alternative for awhile , exact reason why i got out ( non-stop proselytising ) , that and a change of politics . chose moderate leftist however would also be moderate rightist on some issues . the problem with having labelled moderate right as conservative is that the flavour and style of conservatism changes ... hmm , love meditation especially after after a month or three of twice daily practice . the only problem is that i eventually miss a day or two and then forget about it for months , which defeats all ... hard enough to find other intp's at the best of times . even lurking here provides a breath of fresh air . so yeah , should be a while . dishes . the bane of my existence . work at a cafe and wash dishes . come home and wash dishes . sheesh . at the bottom of your post there is a pencil symbol which when reads edit when you rest your cursor over it . you can use that to add after thoughts to your first post without having to create new ... another intp in melbourne ? no way , that's awesome :) unintelligble results are useless . another nt , excellent :) a beautiful post that will , unfortuately , have all the effectiveness of hot air in a hurricane . i know intj's can be stoic but how you put up with these sort of threads and views is amazing , even to an intp . it hurts so bad to read this thread , with its abuses of logic and life , and yet i keep coming back . so this is what intp s & m looks like . yeah the whole proof is in the pudding perspective and one that i agree with very much . not meaning to argue semantics but if we switch the category of love from emotion to state of being then i ... sounds more like your are describing ' infatuation ' which can certainly be more emphermal . but also your arguement rests on the definition of love as something eternal , which it doesn't have to be . ... you could subsitute intp with xxx and you've pretty much got perc down pat . american gods by neil gaiman , just a great read in every respect and accessible to a large audience . as a kid i had plenty of social anxiety and became invisible . effect was was doubled around girls . instead of just being invisible i became a negative factor in reality and thus as a vortex drew ... my soul 10char a 13 s 14 p 4 c 24 honestly i just tried to get out of my head ad physically experience things . this sort of snapped me out of some of it and the other part was realising that regardless of whether there was meaning ... been there and done that and will probably go through another major period one more time . i think , witin reason , they can be quite beneficial . kind of a philosophical whitewash that helps you emerg ... very heartening heh ... confused , anxious but intrepid all at the same time : confused : '