' so many questions when i do these things . i would take the purple pill . pick winning lottery numbers . do whatever i want . i worked in a brewery for a couple years here . i dont know if you're familiar with the local micros / craft at all but mill st . was the name of it . their tankhouse is my favorite of anything local . i am going to summon the great and powerful mr cafebot and his song of destruction . the four horseman ride . count your days people of earth . intro : nick - the intp male - from a basement ... this thread is obviously about the textbook definition of manliness . ruffin it , tuffin it , and going hard in the mother fking paint . stand up for yourself . you asked for the time off and it was approved . when they say , oh shit we are short staffed , where is badgers ? they figure out you asked for it off , that's why you arn't there ... lol excellent thread the dc . i love watching baseball , and playing it . oh and i hate the yankees . i'm 19 , i've had multiple partners , i consider myself a manly man , i lift , and i am intp . no ... the thing with relationships is that you spend very little time in the bedroom compared to everything else . so while a dumb blonde can make you happy for 20 minutes a night , its going to take more ... thinking : a man plants a fruit tree because it will give him food in a few years . feeling : a few years later a squirrel is hungry so it eats the fruit from the tree . intuitive : the man sees his ... well i think you can appreciate an einstein quote .. everyone is a genius , but if you judge a fish on it's abiility to climb a tree it will live it's whole life believing it is stupid . everybody ... vsauce real men write poetry . 19 , 6 ' 4 oh and : mountain dew releases mountain flavored doritos locos tacos skateboards . that is all . also http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VP9--tH_YRo&feature=youtu.be check this out . ( still ... there's only two things i am certain of with rusell brand . 1 . he is very heavilly extraverted . 2 . he is a magical man . here i am people . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rKVJARVcuhc badgers i'm gonna make a male version intp video today . the creative process of intps is getting around to doing the thing and not putting it off . i think we're always ready for work provided we have sleep , and food in our stomachs . i may look busy , but i hear everything . i'm a guy but i like making videos . i'd love to be a part of this . hey man , it's your life . do or do not , there is no try . yes . you know you're an intp when you have more conversations in your head than you do with real people . tl ;d r yes i posted this . spoken like a true intp . if you really are bothered ( and i believe you are ) , i think you should tell your boyfriend what you just said there . morality invariably gets me talking , because it has philosophy but with tangable answers . other good subjects include evolution , hunter gatherer societies , political systems , good movies , ... hey b3th . i read your post and my immediate reaction was that your boyfriend is flipping out over something insignificant . having trust issues is nothing to wag a finger at , but i think your idea of ... i enjoy 9/10 of darkbarlow ' s posts . so a crush , ya maybe . in self defense , but then it's not really a crime . would you kill somebody to save 1000 people ? for millions of dollars ? “ thirty years later he could not come to any other conclusion : women were indisputably better than men . they were gentler , more affectionate , more loving and more compassionate , they were rarely ... we really should make a clear-cut method of differentiating the two . intp are lazy and useless . they do things for no reason , often with disastrous results . the basically lack the things that make ... 7431774318 74319 > 2013 > not using adblocker ps : ask an analytical type they will tell you they want to see less advertising , not help you do it better . hahahaha this . 73701 this is now a mango thread . + chameleon skills . that thing where we can mirror the mood / personality of others . - chameleon skills . makes me wonder if i'm being true to myself . free for all . we wouldn't be human without either of them . well i know 100 % sure you are wrong , because i exist . but obviously i can't prove it . 73121 the problem is in the first word of your post , watching the news . tv news is entertainment , not journalism . i resent the thought that humans are nothing but selfish creatures , when being selfless can be accomplished on a whim . fulfillment in life often comes in the form of giving to others . and solfonny , ... yup basically this . lol . suicide is a permanent solution to non-permanent problems . selfish ? - it will cause pain and burden to your family for the rest of their lives , so not thinking of them could be considered ... lol you're a women . that was easy . seriously , a day where every intp is on adderal ? we would live in utopia by noon . repeat the mantra : i am self aware . so you reject ideas that don't come from gods ? camus declares that humans are here , we exist , there is nothing that can change that . now we have a choice . 1 . get pissed off , give up , or revolt , ... what , in fact , is the absurd man ? he who , without negating it , does nothing for the eternal . not that nostalgia is foreign to him . but he prefers his courage and his reasoning . the first teaches him ... so they don't need to elbow past people in a hurry and potentially miss the train door closing . otherwise , they want to be first off the train / bus and not get stuck behind a crowd of slow walkers . ... this is a loaded question . as for me i'm 19 and still strongly believing in non-belief . internet police : restrain from trolling at once ! intp : i ... i ... can't ... '