' wanted to continue this thread : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/413594-dere-types-mbti.html started in a new thread because i dont want to bump old threads . so anyway , what could be the ... istp's are sensitive but they dont like to show it lol , laughable at best . so that means they're arent sensitive ? i'm an isfp and i dont show my sensitivity much often . so are humans hunters ... wow , so much of a section designed to help , only to expect no help at all when you ask for help . this forum is a ghost town . please anyone ? seriously is this forum a deserted ? here we go again ... is this is some trend in this forum to ignore my threads completely ? seriously , you look like an * * * holes if you do that , for love of god , stop ignoring my threads . it has been stated that esfp's are hyper active , always like being loud behavour , optimistic ... however , thats not really the case with me , i'm usualy quiet . in the school in class , i usualy sit ... anyone played elsword ? this is my typing : elsword - estp - too many people type him esfp , which in my opinion it's biased on stupid stereotypes . aisha - xsfp ( a very annoying one , her constant ... so , nobody bothered to type the characters ? ok guys , i apologize for posting 3 threads ... but you guys seen the movie ballerina ? anyway , my typings . however , they're innacurate , so dont judge me lolz felicia - enfp victor - isfp ... lets talk about that show called ren and stimpy that is once on nickelodeon , despite the fact that i f * cking hate that show for obvious reasons , i'm still corious about the characters mbti ... as an esfp : 1 . estp 2 . enfp 3 . istp i can like or dislike any human with any mbti type . it's sad to see people hate some of mbti personalities because of stereotypes , biasesd reasons and / or other nonsensical reasons . my final ... boy , it's weird that no one even bothered to type the characters from that pupolar game . the game is pretty popular , but no one bothered to type the characters ? like i tried to google paladins ... auroras daughter ( her name is audrey ) smells more of an esfp for me , based on her personality description that i found on youtube . i didnt watched the movie , i only seen a few of those short ... bump . everyone ? please ? please . what are the disney descendants characters mbti personality ! ! ! ? ! ? ! ? xdxd hmm , i'm really corious how come people write in the comments omg ! this trick works yay ! ! ! my eye are purple now xd ! subscribed ! ! ! just look at the comments section of the video , i mean why people ... i watched this video , it says eye color change , for me it didnt really work , however , i've seen many comments saying it works ! ! ! thank you ! even through there are comments saying it did not work ... sit on my computer , watch youtube videos , have fun just being on the internet and playing video games . please , i would like you to help me figure out my eneagram . i'm confused , wherether i'm am 7w6 , 6w7 , 7w8 or 4w3 . it's very confusing , and i can't figure it out . and note , i dont try to spread hate against him . most of the things that in the video he say is right . only what offended me is the part that he stated eveyone who has anime drawing style or have ... what do you think ? personaly , i think this word is overused . you're not allowed to have atleast one piece of anime character on your avatar , you get called out as weeaboo . yes , you may ask , it's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WBOD8qeCBuc&list=LLjbjhfG4iuTtblg0Ls5Komg&index=84 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=42CK0JSf0I8&list=LLjbjhfG4iuTtblg0Ls5Komg&index=85 ... ok , i think there needs to be a thread where we discuss the battlefield games . lets start . battlefield 2 . i cant really tell much about this game . i never played this game on my childhood , i ... oh , nice to see a thread for this . my best edited video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F8uz5qPkl84 participating in a tournament , and winning 3rd place ( however , it's not my best record ) ... doom 2016 on nightmare difficulty ... here is things that makes me angry : oh no ! ! ! 111 ! u have anime character as avatar u must be teh weeaboo xdxd - this nonsense started from filthyfranktv , he even compared anime characters as ... oh boy ... because you hate someone based on their mbti letters ... gg humanity ... well ok , i'll just say what i dislike what people do: when a certain feature you dont like , in a game , and you ... which type likes pizza ? lolzies , i dont know . ask those who like to associate those stereotypes with esfp . i can already listen to music that i like in my pc . if i would like to go outside with my friends then i would choose more fun places than those boring concerts . feelers r teh mure lik 3ly to cri cuz dey r teh feelrs xd xd esfp's are most likely to be stupid . esfp's are most likely to die first , because you know ... stupid . esfp's are most likely to be a character that always getting mocked , because of being ... i've decided to continue this thread : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/725562-vent-guess-type-above-based-vent.html here because i don't think everyone would like to get that suddently ... intj kiss : infj marry : istj bed : esfp isfp , estp , entj only people who just limiting themselves to stereotypes will think that feelers will cry more than thinkers . welp , it's funny how this thread attracted alot of intj's lol , keep dancing nerds . dear intj's , please , do me a favour and return back to your intj's forum if you don't like this thread . not ... how come everyone gets what they want in the recommendations and i get dancing games ? yes , another over-reaction thread from me , but what i can do when it's just getting irritating so much whereas i cannot take it anymore . why does the esfp personality always getting mocked ? why in ... i'm very sorry for thread bump , but why does everyone think that elsword is esfp ? that means i'm esfp with se dominant ? well , ok , thanks for help . when i'm someone with else , depends . when we start just talking with eachother , and i see that the person is nice and trustfull , then i start asking random questions such as which countries you ... this is so confusing , i knew i didn't really releate to esfp . esfp is optimistic personality . but i'm a realistic person . esfp likes to help other people , but i don't really bothered helping ... anyone knows the mbti personality types of the disney descendants characters ? i like to watch his videos because his rage reactions everytime he gets killed in the game is hilarious . however , i'm corious about his mbti type , what is his mbti personality type ? ... kiss - intp marry - esfj bed - estp esfp , intj , enfp p . s : look at those who replaced kiss with kill just to show their hatred towards certain pesonalities ... esfp here ... put a russian flag as a placeholder , just simply to represent that i'm russian . but really , if i have knowledge on how to draw myself in anime form , with cat ears because i'm born ... battlefield is more of an esfp not estp , same for cod . we all know that mmorpg's likes to use elements ... water air earth fire nature metal darkness light '