' aww . hm . well depends on what's going on in their lives . really , no problem at all . i don't know if i'm accurate ( hey the enfp ti blind spot is real hahah ) but it is what i think and i hope it helped at all ! it's not stupid ! my uncle is enfp and i am ... heheheh . : tongue : https://media.giphy.com/media/5RxNQCK01NdAc/giphy.gif you know what music box ? after reading this im really confident i think you are isfp ! ! dom fi is really empathic towards others and that looks like fe . but just from everything i've seen you say ... hey girl : happy : omg you might be one ! i love your new avatar btw . have you ever considered isfp ? my isfp friend feels that way sometimes about wearing her heart on her sleeve and wanting ... hmm . i get what you're saying here , i think it's just social dom related . i'm sp / so and don't really relate . i don't even think about these things .. i suppose my so is just an afterthought for me ... aww kinda describes my parenting style . and is leech supposed to be leash ? lol the more estjs i meet , the more i realize how well i get along with them . where are you guys ? ? are any of you on here ? o . o i get along most smoothly with estj males for sure . all the motivation and action taking we admire in ntjs but less serious and more understanding with our shared ne . i prefer estj > istj because ... absolutely . my entp fiance thinks he's an introvert too but he's clearly not , to me . krayfish i read over the survey you posted , i really think ( as a 9w1 enfp myself ) that you are most ... hm . why don't you think enfp is correct ? i feel the same way about fi . i see it as a hindrance more often than not . te is my favorite of my functions currently ( probably because it's primarily ... ... yes : lemmings_by_mirz 123 : fruit , veggies , whole grains and kombucha ... i'm kinda a health nut and i'm doing the real food challenge lol :( i'm so exciting ? it's probably related to how i'm completely in the positive outlook ... lol it's ok i'm also am enfp i miss stuff all the time : laughing : but that's really interesting ! you are the true enfp ... the one to rule us all .. it's really ni-se vs ne-si and gamma vs delta . in my experience entj is more one track minded and is like a bulldozer in terms of themselves and their goals , and a bit more actually domineering ... 9w1 , super perfectionistic internally . if i fail or don't do what i think is my best with certain things i go straight into digression . since i'm a 9 i go straight to 6 and become paralyzed with ... what do you guys thing of xnfps ? ? i think we get along so well ! ! well i think that's wishful thinking ! : angel : ... it seems you and i are quasi-identical and are likely to be in an argumentative relationship according to socionics ... : jupiter : 100,000 , 000 % you're intp lol just based on your humor alone ... this means you are my supervisor in socionics : ninja : an estj ! ! ! finally i found one of your on our forum : kitteh : enfp in a grip becomes more like istj , would you say that's happening to you ? oddly enough i have an istj relative who is regressing into an enfp and his room is always a mess now , when usually he's ... so we're probably quite similar in demeanor huh ? :) i read it over again and i feel like the description sounds a bit feminine . is that off ? and that totally makes sense . i think my uncle is a ne ... i just watched chefs table on netflix and now i'm going to be a tormented genius 3 michelin star chef .. btw i only watched episode 1 of the original and episode 1 of the french version . ep . 1 ' s ... yes ... indeed tiger woods : words : we are soul sisters last post here for today lol . i have to redo my typing for the #clouthouse ricegum - still definitely istj sommer ray - ixfp ( initially typed her as xsfp but she actually reminds me of the infp i ... totally supervisor intp ( andrew ) and supervisee enfp ( steven ) dynamic . i think the camera guy is isfp or maybe infj .. definitely ni not ne . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2COl0ui4Sc leon lush : entj posssibly estj my hunny is an entp and i love him a lot-a lot :) if i wasn't with him id get along best with estj . oops an ne dom not reading the op , what's new eta : 1 . what is your type ? enfp yeah , i think that makes sense . angry esfp are way more hot headed ( shows a lot of anger initially , then quickly apologizes for it ) than estp in myexperience . yes ! ! ! 100 % % % . you're so funny quirky yet deep values system lol ! it's so true though ! i've always told my parents ( esfj mom ) they try to like buy me with money or guilt me with all the meals ... seems we aren't so different after all , that's what i do too typically ; at least when it comes to more minor problems :) she said she wants to take acting lessons because she thinks her experience ... that makes sense . although i believe open communication is the key to success in any relationship , even platonic . i hope i never come off as insincere because i honestly am a human and i might seem ... i 100 % prefer estj personality to esfj personality . and here's why ; estjs and esfjs basically are telling you to do similar things . but the difference is in how they tell you . esfjs typically sort ... this makes so much sense ! so in general perceiver first types will want to act before thinking , because their primary function wants to learn , and they make judgements after . so in my case i want to ... yes ! ! and you are also great at golfing ! ! you could've been the next tiger woods but you decided to join personality cafe instead , which i find very admirable . : th_jtteglad : this is about a platonic relationship : my infj friend just opened up to me about dissociation , because i told her our infp friend has opened up to me about it and i didn't know how to respond . i've ... why is everyone around me a brooding introvert ! ? ! ? ! i need happy extroverted friends , pleeease omfg : crying : you may be a 9 who has integrated to 6 because of depression and i totally understand that . but from how you describe your new energy , it sounds like you're in the process of integrating to 3 :) ... as far as i know when 9 is unhealthy it looks more like a 6 , and in health it looks more like a 3 . do you consider yourself to be a healthy version of your type ? you can definitely be a 9 6 2 . 9 ... ? ? ? lol this is amazing : laughing : ... have we all fantasized about being youtube stars at some point .. because i have for like the past 10 years and everyone makes fun of me for it : crying : ... mbti tier chart ? i need to see this lol my entps ideal hangout situation is his two best friends from childhood , a nice hotel room and video games . or just hanging out with me at home playing video games . : happy : i guess as long as ... well you're a lucky inferior si because my memory is absolutely atrocious ... hehe . i'm very thankful for your post as it explains so much . and you worded it more eloquently than i ever could .  ... socionics types : sle-estp subtypes have you ever looked at the subtypes ? the estps i know a very chill and laid back in demeanor . then again so are the istps i know . :P my inferior si mostly manifests in a lack of awareness and poor memory recall ... lots and lots of lost items . what did i have for breakfast this morning ? i don't know . oh wait i actually had cereal ... why don't you think you are estp ? this sounds to me like you have tertiary fe and inferior ni . the most hot headed person i've ever met was an entj 8w9 . they weren't that way towards me but definitely towards others . my fiancé who has been in at least 1000 fights ( his words lol ) is an entp ... i would say infj over intj but that's probably because all the intjs i know are incredible , genuine people and super talented . i also prefer how straight forward they are , because i am shit at hint ... '