' i suggest using ti and se more but it's unhealthy for an infj to use the lower 2 functions too much . do you play competitive sports ? avoid fapping and porn too , it's unhealthy . ne grabs and grabs patterns and ideas weighs them with ti , if the idea is logically balance then it gets saved in si . se / ti when tinkering with mechanical stuff . my dad's estp . he hears an unusual clinking sound in his van , he looks for the source and fixes it . ti is like an internal sense of balance and se is there ... when you use ni you zone out like a retard and that's it . ne absorbs ideas and patterns like a vacuum and saves it in si . hey , is ti used for deductive reasoning or is it te ? oh cmon man that is not true . it just so happens that good looking guys are more confident of themselves , less needy and less wuss that's why they're perceived by females as more attractive . unlike ... to spread the infj genes yeahhh . getting your genes rejected hurts , it's the way males are programmed to feel . if it doesn't , then there will be no driving force for improvement . females are less ... if you do , please don't friend-zone the dude ok ? uh .. i have a penis me too . their ne and fi is magnetic . whenever they smack their lips and the way they talk in a bobbly manner melts me . * sigh * @_ @ do you guys find enfp girls attractive ? ni = sniper rifle ne = shotgun infj ? i hate some people too and i don't have fi values to stop me from doing fuq'd up shit to people , unless there is a high chance of getting caught by the law . when fe is undeveloped for an infj ... what is the best way ( or your preferred way ) to , not memorize ( si ) , but ni-nize all the rhetological fallacies ? hey if you sometimes feel like you're sherlocks holmes , could you be a ni / te user ? sarcasm sounds ... naughty . i like it . i suggest a mojo read from pod ` lair . it's free . all you need to do is upload a 10 - minute video of you talking about any topic you like . this i do often . since i'm not really that creative ( or have the balls to say them ) with sarcasm i end up just laughing at it and sometimes giving her the o rly face . yep guilty . you know , i'm starting to think infjs are more gifted in emotionally hurting others compared to intjs that's why we resort to lying sometimes , but it doesn't justify telling lies so ... oh wait , now that i think about it , my previous supervisor was an intj and we were able to get along well . but i'm not sure what i did to that made it work though . i want to know the easiest way ... what's the best way to make friends with intjs ? besides not being stupid . wow you're psychic xd . yeah you should seriously take up boxing . the discipline it's going to teach you is priceless . i'm disappointed with the fight though . pacquiao was leading on the scorecards ... lol big fight for manny pacquiao coming up . who you rootin for ? pac or marquez ? sounds like the neighbor really is an asshole . you know , you could try learning martial arts , helped me a lot . try boxing . let's you burn those extra glucose running in the bloodstream because of ... fe sucks when you have social anxiety disorder , i mean if you're brain is wired to automatically jump out of pure fear when surrounded by people then it's already useless when it's supposed to be for ... sasuke = ni naruto = ne : shocked : this is ni coupled with se in action . mayweather = infj : happy : http://youtu.be/kK9en6g9JTQ : 23 ni awesomeness i swear , ni is like the freakin sharingan in naruto . : laughing : is it because of fe ? maybe you feel too much xd . what are you thinking about most of the time anyway ? when you guys use te in real life , do you articulate continuously without pausing ? i've noticed that infjs tend to go into niti pause with occasional fillers when processing , spewing out logical ... i confess that i faked having auxiliary te instead of fe to attract girls . here's a badass infj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nb4fLRbvS90 there's a lot of te bad-assery when those 2 talk and i can feel the fi respect with each other even though they look like they're mocking each other lol . there's also depth in bruce willis ' story ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5FQFWYR-tE&sns=em here's an intj vs intj interaction is there anyone else here thinks george st . pierre and dana white are infj's ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2hLa5kDRCA oh man . this kid looks incredibly intuitive ( look at his eyes ) and since doctors diagnosed him with adhd , they're going to give him ritalin to cure ... i plead guilty for not seeing that too awryt 36 yeah dude that is awesome , make sure you maintain eye contact and say it slowly . make it look confident and then watch the magic unfold . xd i suggest you use te . she has te and she could learn a thing or 2 from yours . if you use fi she'll end up being the one teaching you instead . the reason why she's attracted to you is because you're ... who is more of a crybaby , an fe user or an fi user ? yeah ... i was kinda trolling with the questions that you've provided . my apologies . good job man . xd oh btw . i hope you don't mind me asking . what functions are used in situations where you're trying to decipher if someone is being manipulative ? no i wasn't . you know what , i think i'm going to give myself time to think if i'm an isfj . i'll think about that . maybe i'm not an intuitive . thanks twitch : happy : so .. does that mean i'm an fe user ? i'm too much of an airhead to be an isfj @_ @ : sad : you're mean .. nooo i'm not an sp @_ @ . my ti and fi is just awful . my fashion sense sucks too i sucked at it . went through hell just to get that degree . i'm having a hard time telling if i'm a te user or an fe user . '