' yeah , i met one recently and we're so in tune . our conversations are so smooth , it's like stream of consciousness , or like music . even though she's way more outgoing , it feels pretty equal when we ... nope . optimism isn't necessarily blind optimism . pessimism isn't necessarily blind pessimism . nietzsche , kierkegaard , sartre , camus . spinoza , leibniz . i don't know , i like most of them . i think it's funny that you consider ayn rand a philosopher though . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Co0_BZiLdg i'm listening to this because it's pretty much my relationship with the girl i like ( who i think might be an enfj ? i don't know , i'm bad at typing ) . i really don't like talking about sex , but it's pretty much an extension of love to me and my love drive is off the charts . sanders / warren 2016 i completely shut myself off because it's painful , almost physically , to hear . i don't really want to be around it at all . pessimists are just wrong about so much . it's unrealistic to think that ... i do this all the time because it makes people feel more comfortable . confronting intelligence and knowledge makes people defensive . playing simple allows people to open up and be themselves . i'd ... goodsir that's a great movie . one that i think i need to rewatch soon . the last i watched was suicide club . it's a pretty weird movie . over the top and graphic but somehow retains some sense of ... compatible or complementary senses of humor . i think it concentrates a lot of disparate aspects of compatibility and personality and values into something bite-sized . our humor is who we are , or the ... i feel like a ghost . whether he's an infp or not , he sounds a lot like me growing up . pretty much the exact same things happened to me aside from the bullying . because of that , i can't say if bullying is the main issue ... yeah , it's like any connection that i have with someone is outside the glass case , but since i'm still inside of it , the person connecting isn't really me . i feel that all of my relating to other people is only what i can muster in pretend . without an ally i read it . what should we discuss ? satan and his pals getting kicked out parallels man's fall from the garden of eden .. hell sucks .. they're going to fight back by messing with humans and stuff ... it's very difficult to write a good poem . i think we underestimate that difficulty because when reading our own we feel that it captures our feelings well , but that doesn't mean it communicates those ... a living ghost i'm in . is there a time we should be finished with it by ? i'm listening to the new sufjan stevens album for the second time .. it's pretty disappointing . but , that's what i like about you guys , don't try to give it up ... i actually think i'm more consciously intellectually / intuitively minded and my feeling function resides more in my unconscious mind , even though it obviously pervades my thought processes . i've taken ... nothing's worth it you're right , i'll never know who you are , who anyone is , who i am even oh , you're one of them . we're talking about completely different things . i'm talking about giving up on interpersonal understanding vs overcoming our subjectivity , not an individual's agency vs others ' influence on them ... 279338 there is almost nothing i hate more than this kind of thinking and it seems to be getting more and more prevalent . it's terrible and illogical and disgusting and lazy . i call them ... i've read the trial , amerika .. haven't read the metamorphosis yet , but i actually just picked it up the other day . maybe when i read it i'll have something to say : tongue : the trial was my favorite ... i read it years ago so i don't remember it perfectly , but i really liked the depiction of van and ada's relationship , the passion , the difficulties that life brought to it , and the way it treated the ... from my goodreads . i never seem to read the ones on my to-read list though . edit : apparently i don't know how to do images on here so i uploaded it somewhere else . http://i.imgur.com/2Yk38jm.png one of my hobbies is studying video games in terms of directors and their careers and analyzing gameplay differences and genres and what they all mean . i think i'm one of the few people who do this ... this song is sooo intense . even more intense when you're playing the level . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49oxtzhY01k haha , maybe there's something to it then . i had a good thing going with an infj once . not much success in general though . what about you ? writing , reading something good . music . good conversation . good nonconversation . aren't we as people essentially questions posed to the world ? our curiosity is what directs our lives and what we do , so i think our questions reveal a lot about us , but of course there are different ... pseudonymity it's funny , i saw your first janelle monae post and for some reason oh , maker popped into my head instead of say you'll go and it's been stuck in my head , and now you post it . hmm .. wuthering heights , possession , maybe ada or ardor . one of those . fighting killing myself nobody really cares about anyone else . the earth is only barely transformed from lifeless inorganic matter . we're barely even aware of each other . we call this consciousness . i dated an intj for 5 years . it was chaotic , challenging , sometimes very enjoyable , but ultimately ended pretty badly . we're good friends now . we were very connected on a lot of levels , but i think ... unloving unsupportive parents i'm actually reading .. 7 books right now , and i'm going to list them all . dear life : stories by alice munro . it's a book of short stories about love and family and life and all its difficulties ... i took a cognitive functions test earlier today and it said my preferred functions were ni first and ne second with fi and fe a little bit lower . with ni being strongest , it said i was probably ... the last world in super mario 3d world has been getting me pretty frustrated . trying to leave :( philosophy > _ > atlas shrugged ;-) the plague by albert camus , nausea by jean-paul sartre , notes from underground . those are pretty short ones that could help to get you back into reading fiction and will hopefully resonate . and ... i'm having a lot of trouble with this right now . the degree i got isn't worth much . i barely have any experience . i know i'm most suited for a creative career , but for right now i need a job to hold ... '