' hi . i'm really messed up . i feel like happiness is impossible for me at this point . my experience with people in life is that they either hate me before they even get to know me , or they slowly get ... well then i guess i'm a born loser . i'm not built to tolerate pain . i'm honestly not built for anything . i'm a pointless waste of energy and matter that could be used for a better purpose . i know ... there's nothing that i'd actually want from anyone right now ... from my experience i'm sure i don't belong in any group ... honestly i don't see how life could get any better right now ... i don't know how to answer any of those questions right now ... well i'm just a really problematic person ... now a lot of my good friends are completely gone from my life ... the few friends i still have don't talk to me ... my girlfriend who was amazing for the ... i don't really know how to start with this ... my childhood friend ... the person i thought of like my sister ... she's killed herself ... because she didn't feel loved ... and i hadn't talked to her for ... yes . i'm infj , i love macabre / surreal / freaky stuff . i always root for the villain . my girl's most likely infp , she loves dark stuff , she has a weird interest in blood / vampirism , and she's highly ... sitting up in bed on the computer ... listening to my tool ... talking to vocalist in my band ... missing my girlfriend ... why the hell is she always so sleepy t t i don't entirely know if i'm infp or infj , i usually get like 3 % towards p so i'm close enough ... music . although it isn't a hobby ... it's something that i live on . it sustains me spiritually and ... nope , but i was planning on watching it . : 3 and yeah i love dark side of the moon . simply one of the best albums ever made ... the thing about that certain girl is that i couldn't tell ... she kind of just sits between those two ... she took a mbti test and she was esfp by just a few percent , everything else distinctly towards ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Noz6-KaT4fA that's for my girl ... you have no idea how she's changed me for the better ... i consider all my friends close , like siblings ... in which i have about 10 . sounds more like a sloan type to me . : 3 yeah ... one of my best friends is an enfp / esfp . basically we were like best friends a few years ago . we suddenly stopped talking for a couple years . i randomly remembered her and so we started ... uh ... i'm 13 . : 3 jimi hendrix - all along the watchtower . fucking classic . i love tool , apc , pink floyd , dream theater , symphony x ... all of that kind of stuff is amazing . progressive is my favorite . but i enjoy everything from classical music to alternative rock to thrash ... welcome home ( sanitarium ) by metalica . well it showed up on my art rock channel on pandora which struck me as odd ... i literally said holy shit when i heard it ... so now i can't stop hearing it . :D here from the king's mountain view here from the wild dream come true feast like a sultan i do on treasures and flesh , never few . but i , i would wish it all away . if i thought i'd lose you ... esfj ... that's my girl's type ... i love her so much ... ^ / / / ^ hm . well i do some musical writing , i guess that could help just as much as words . i talk to my teachers a lot , they're just a lot more interesting than the students . :D i do know one girl who ... really ? so ... i guess i'm cyclothymic . or maybe strong personalities are mistaken for mental disorders . this is happening a lot to me too ... sucks because i fcking love this site ... really i think of any premonition more as a potential than something that can't be changed . really i think of any premonition more as a potential than something that can't be changed . back a little while ago i posted a thread basically asking for advice since i've been feeling pretty crappy ... so yeah to clear this up i'm an 8th grader . i'm like the school bohemian . i find all my ... so for some reason i've been feeling really crappy for a while . most of my grades are cs ( usually i'm a-b ) , my skills on every instrument i play are slipping big time , i'm feeling empty and alone , ... yep , it wasn't pleasant and caused me quite a bit of worry so i was a little tense for a while . and by the 46 + 2 lyrics i meant that their denial / skepticism is keeping them from achieving ... yep ... i think i'm psychic . i actually had a premonition of that bad car crash in des moines a little while back . i usually get this kind of stuff through dreams or obes ( obviously not drug-induced ) , ... i'm mainly a rocker , but i've got two different sides to my taste . one side has a taste where the perfect song would be ride the lightning by metallica or bottom by tool . my other side has a taste ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WEQnzs8wl6E really i've been practicing this song on guitar all day . you , ma'am , are awesome . okay , ecstasy isn't good , get him off that shit asap . although the sacred herb isn't that bad if you don't get too serious with it . but that's only if he insists on taking drugs . if not , get him off ... lulz , little kids wouldn't understand this but ... sameness isn't a good thing . that's the delusion that teenagers are under . don't make the same mistake ; explore inside and out . find out who you ... actually , i was thinking of leaving anyway . something's been really off with my whole family and i'm fed up with the bs that's been going on in my life . i think there might be aliens , if so a lot of different species . well , at least creatures we understand to be aliens . well i hope so . i'd have no idea what the hell i'd do if there were something else in my house . but i'm worried about the fact that my dog is reacting too . excellent . :D well , i'm no junkie ... and the only other time you mentioned was in dreams ... but i'm awake and alert whenever i see these things . i doubt i've got some kind of demon or something in my house but it seems to real , i can feel something there , shadows are perfect , everything seems real . alright , thanks . i'll try . :D no , not really ... my own type is : 4w5 i'm very attracted to : any 4s , 8s , 7s , 2s , 1s not at all attracted to : i'm neutral towards most other ones but don't like most 5s . i mostly idealize 8s . i love the assertive type for some reason . i got rluai i am nothing like this . i mean come on , i'm a christian , not soft-spoken when stressed , strong-willed , and don't want anything to do with alcohol , nicotine , or tattoos . actually other ... oh , i forgot to mention this . my dog is randomly getting scared and keeps wanting to sleep upstairs instead of downstairs where i saw the figure . oh , and i saw another one , this one had a consistent ... hm . well , i do believe in the supernatural , so i'm a bit worried . i'm definitely not going to a doctor though . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LKrUaY6hgpM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFoWz4fiwCE http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFXZTYT3-GI '