' this is an incredible thread . i'm tempted to burn down my house so that i recycle this joke on twitter . i generally spend hours debating big decisions before making them bc i'm scared of making split second decisions that will have long term consequences . generally though i just kind of swagyolo into ... i'm amazed this thread got revived . i ended up dating an infj 5w4 instead of the entp 3w4 , broke up with the infj after 2.5 months and tried to check in with the entp . the entp then hated me and ... hey folks , this thread makes me feel famous . 3-7- 8 who do we appreciate bc ur dumb . he meant that your username is entrepeneur , and yet you're always late on high-profit investments . that's not entirely logically sound though , because , by definition , the ... i haven't really had any problems with entjs , i think they're chill . hey guys come check out my clean room 1 ) the first thing that comes in your mind ( honestly ) firm butts . 2 ) the first person that comes in your mind gaby , she just rode home on my lap , hence the butts . 3 ) what do you actually like ... used to be until 9th grade when my 3w4 kicked in , i left my old prep school , changed all my clothing and spent a summer learning the mannerisms and speech patterns of people i thought were cool that ... shoot it it with an grenade launcher . not only do i despise the effect of organized religion on society , i tend to view religion , spirirtuality , etc as a crutch for the weak minded . response bias breaking down into bullet points bc i'm tired . • originally found her interesting , somewhat of a mystery to be explored . • expectations did not meet reality . was not as mentally interesting and ... what qualities are important to you are irrelevant to gathering any information about a trend among entps preferences . the fact that you're not an entp aside , surveying ( however improperly ) gender ... just broke up with one on friday . great girl , sweet and extremely devoted etc . , but she got boring . still , it's the longest relationship i've had , i think . that's something . 8 intelligence 6 class and style 4 dark hair 3 fingernails in the shape of flames 2 fashion sense 3 chairlass style these are pointless statistics 1 male what i dream of in a woman . chairlass style , haute couture fw13 3 intelligence 1 class and style birth order = bs only child . inaccurate . i don't care about attention as much as i do long-term reputation . if no one cares about me during most of my life , i'd be content with knowing that i get a page in a history book and a ... find the underlying source of your frustration and fix it . i don't experience built-up frustration , so i'm not sure how exactly to help you . ... when men were kind , when their voices were soft and their words invitinggg yes , but i'm also a 3w4 . tony stonem sans sociopathy and brain trauma . from adelaide originally , no clue where i live now . same i'm not quite yet sure whether infjs are the best match for entps , don't deprive me of my learning you heartless b i tend to find isfjs boring and bothersome . you could probably find them by volunteering at an animal shelter or something idk . dating an infj and most of my friends are female nfs , so emotional awareness is a bit of a learned trait . not sure if it's a natural one though , most of my on-screen idols are borderline sociopaths . i'm a guy , and i'm closer with more girls than guys . dinozzo sw4ggy off the top of my head , neil caffrey ( white collar ) jack sparrow ( disney pirate shit ) eleventh doctor ( doctor who ) that one guy ( thank you for smoking ) trippy mang . i just sort of lightly skim over whatever i'm reading , and remember it . last year i skipped the panicking and just didn't study . still got a 5/5 on the ap exam :*) , except i got an 84 in the course . :/ do you think an infj in this situation would prefer me to carry on conversations , or to not press it and enjoy the silence or whatever ? i've gotten her to have conversations with me , but it takes some effort and prompting . she was pretty comfortable and talking constantly once i got her talking about herself . she still won't talk ... you're me in the quasi-past-future . i signed up for 6 aps this year because i thought i could . not sure if i'll make it through . progress update . the infj just left my house about 30 minutes ago ( 12:30 at night for me ) . she spent 4 hours at my house while my parents were away ( i'm 16 , she's 17 , to put this in context ) , ... right . i'm a 16 year old entp , 99th percentile psat , sat , but only 81st percentile for gpa ( which is still good , i have an unweighted 3.456 and mostly ap classes ) . i don't study , i don't do my ... ookay . dating the infj as of last night . anyone here have any advice on the entp / infj pairing ? athletic but not bulky , 6 ' 1 , still need to get back into shape though , soccer season is nearly here . infj knows it's between her and the entp , thanks to the mutual friend . she knows that she's deeper in than i am . can't , they have a bitchy mutual friend . entp be all like we so simerlar . infj be all like i never felt this connection b4 . advise ? i'm cryin bc hard choice . stoya 73 136 191 179 182 154 190 105 intelligentsia you can't replace me you bastards . '