' juuust a few thoughts on the post above . you're not discussing properly , wisdom . meowmixmuffin had a big post with good points which you did not address . anyway 1 . ( to reiterate ) most forms ... hmmm ... i really , really dislike arguments and i think because of that i have a very strong opinion here . if you love her , you should make up . in fact , i think it's inappropriate to take your time ... ... when the hours you're travelling back home seem like minutes , because you get to dream about that very special person that you are totally in love with ! :D when ' hi ' means that you say that you do action x because you value a good connection with your clients ( fi ) while actually just making a list of + and - and deciding on what that indicates to be ... everyone will be able to understand you really well , as long as you speak normal and good english :P . i dunno , the article reinforces my feeling that this might be one of those cases where t and f ... what are you saying ? ? ( or was that too easy :P ) . seriously don't understand why you wouldn't be able to just talk normally to me though ! sounds more like the misconception that we don't understand ... sorry people , going to break the chain of negativity :P . cause i'm over the moon happy right now x ) ! hugely in love and extremely joyous i told my now gf how much i liked her :D . i've longed for ... great for catching your dream sts ... i'm sorry , op , don't mean to offend , but for meee ... this is quite rubbish . i don't think nor want to believe that there's a trick that works on everyone ! i don't understand some of my own questions anymore :( ( ( . it was sooo long ago when i came up with them ! ! firstly ... ethylester : it was 11 in the morning ! ! ! how was i supposed to be awake ? ? ... oh , but they're just words ! ! don't let someone calling you ' dull ' beat you down ! it's just a stereotype , i think . think about it : our culture prescribes what's dull and what's cool . if you say that ... no , there are no dutch people . dutch people are a myth ! there's no dutchland on my map at least :( ( ( incidentally i miiight be ' zo'n verrekte nederlander ' :/ actually : didn't morality try and ... let me put my name down on that list too ... threads like this only reinforce my ideas that an infp would be soo the best choice in the whooole world . i get so bewildered at ( male ) people that ... ah ... ! i think infps would be great at doing those little things ! if i know that my loved one hates a specific thing , i'd do it for her . without question , immediately . infps can be mightily helpful ... and i for one am not going to bite your head off for trying to ask some questions :) . but i'm actually also very curious about your views . so , you say that you don't mind if someone is cutting in ... to throw something new into this discussion , i was wondering what the op thinks is the lower end of the spectrum where she'd expect her man to attack / stand up for everyone . we've seen the discussion ... heh , that's so me , aelthwyn :D . your post really shows as well that infps can be so darn impossible :P . on the one hand people indeed have to believe us that we are in fact having a good time , but on ... ... when you feel sorry for this thread , as it has been demoted and is no longer stickied . even though it has always provided that first epic emotional happiness to probably loads of new-infps , ... i've been looking at this thread for a few days now , but i still haven't figured out the meaning of it . why ? do you want people to become atheists ? are we trying to prove god doesn't exist ? are we ... glisten : that person was wrong :/ ... i am really bad at enjoying parties . i just end up alone and i know it's my own fault . i love to listen to anyone about ... pretty much anything :) , but then ... now , before considering a sex-change , after which i would obviously be a lesbian and comply with your standards , i do want a clarification : are you or are you not a gravedigger ? the way they explained bmti to me is that it is about your core . you can learn or change a lot of things , but you can not change your core . therefore you can not say that you are suddenly not an infp ... knowing its a semi-old thread , but ... didnt see it before :) . ive been having the same thoughts as the op . normally people view chess as a mathematical game , but , especially at higher levels , its ... please , don't be so general :) . what do you like yourself ? we infps can be anything ! and good at it too ! we just have to value it and be enthousiastic about it . if you like painting , go take ... solved my noobness :/ ... you can actually watch me now : s . ok , it's not good . it's really quite boring . and not so innovative . but you know , it's 3 in the morning :P . i needed it to be done . oh , i do have to say that watching some of you people was quite ... yeah , that's hard enough in life ! i'm starting to get the feeling that infps don't care much about succes . i mean , in the sense that it's not our main drive to do things . just a hunch , could be ... good ! two clearly different views than western society , just as i had thought :) . both of your views on ' succes ' are really interesting . the handling of the internal / external struggle comes , if i'm ... my first thread here : epic day in my history ! ! ! :) . my fellow , dear , lovely infps i would like to ask for your opinions on ' succes ' . uni asked me to hold an interview with at least 3 people about ... ... when your feelings of guilt , because something bad almost happened and it was partly your fault , are stronger than chuck norris . i think orangeappled makes some verrry good points , most of which totally new to me . i hope i can add something from a different angle . i've personally felt the same way you do . a few years ago ... 1 . 6 year old boy and girl in burning build , which child do you save ? i know , i know , no bs . but i will not chose : either save both or die trying . 2 . your romantic partner ends up being your half ... ah yes , brain-deadness :) ... i have it a lot too ! ! i guess it's really common , not just for us infps , but for introverts in general . i also have the feeling i'm waaay too boring most of the time , ... naive to the bone xd . a part of me likes being naive and others to call me naive : it means my worldviews are visible to the outside world , which means that it might be able to change others . i do ... hey you dutch infp , you ! i remember kind of wondering whether you ran away from these forums . we need you to take over the world ! ! ! so ... what's your secret ambition :P ? let the connection begin ! ... single forever and every birthday marks my faillure to find a someone ... gosh , such a depressing day , how can people ever celebrate it ? ! but i'm optimistic . 1 . this poll might seem a bit ... tomorrow / next week / when this is over everything will be better again . just imagine how good it would be ... imagine ... imagine ... :) . or : wow , i have had so many bad things happening to me , i ... estj : they're both controlling your life . i can't understand how the world would ever view you girls as picky . almost everything seems so basic to me . what kind of a person would you be for example to only talk about yourself or to not show ... the attitude you describe as ' that's just how men are ' is definately high on my annoyance-list . maybe it's still kinda right though , as our society puts so much emphasis on st for males and more f ... shoo , e's , shoo . get out to the real world with all those ' parties ' you have . go to where you belong ! go and make those armpits smell like no armpit has ever smelled before ! and guys , seriously , ... my first instinct was to save the child . that's probably what i would end up doing anyway , as the spouse and mother would heavily argue in favour of that , as it seems the right thing to do .  ... suddenly this thread makes so much more sense ... where are those infp girls , indeed ? ! wouldn't school / university and work be the most logical places to look for them ? well , not office work , but ... nice thread , rowingineden . ( 1 ) where might somebody find you ? hmm ... in too few places , i'm affraid . home , internet , university and sometimes i'll be playing games with friends in a special , ... lol ! i love infps sooo much :D . it's so funny . i imagine a lot of psychiatrist that would go ' omg , that's not natural . we'll take you away and here's some medicine ! . instead , the op makes a thread ... yeah , shedules are more like idealistic guidelines anyway . omg i was just thinking about dragons too ! ! nice thread , i've been thinking about the same thing too . i'm longing for someone , yet ... how ? i hope there will be some more responses . yes ... , quoth the raven ' nevermore ' . i feel that it's an unromantic thing to do . moreover i just wasn't comfortable doing it , cause if i do speak to girls on such a site , i feel i owe it to be ... sonata arctica ( texts are pure ... infp-ness sometimes ); rhapsody for all epic needs . uhm ... well , anything if it sounds good ( basically has melody and some nice singing ) . cohen is very good too , ... i love language :) . i am fluent with dutch and english , but i can understand written texts and have basic conversations in german , french , italian , latin and ( old ) greek too . ok , speaking those last ... '