' good topic ! i don't mind reading extra words when the writing is good ; there is nothing worse than failing to figure out what someone is trying to communicate because the grammar and structure is so ... i guess when the topic of intelligence is broached , there is the inevitable discussion of will power and the application of hard work . and that's when we get the overused examples of lazy geniuses ... i've experienced the same thing irl ; most of the people whose iqs i know have claimed to have iqs in the 99-99 . 9 percentile . i really believe that iqs have been inflated so that while 100 is ... silly as this thread is , i can easily see this being possible . many estjs could adopt the values of their community and if their community / family values established education and all that that ... brittany--you probably don't know her , but she's a real b ^ ^ enough with the ad hominems nobody's going to win a nature vs nurture debate lack of pride is social butter ; it makes people less envious of you . anybody with good social skills would be wise ... stultum's right - - none of these opinions regarding intelligence are under conscious control . i think threads about intelligence make everyone uncomfortable so we never really come to any good ... thank you for this comment . i think what i'm seeing on these posts and similar threads is a sort of pessimism around being a parent . this negative outlook seems to have its roots in a fixation on ... sounds like she mistyped big time ... she doesn't sound like any e / infp that i know . that's sensor thinking , and really frustrating . most great theories in psychology are easy to dismiss--probably ... i'm extremely maternal , but i don't really like the practical parts of mothering - - i do practical tasks quickly and efficiently so we can get on with the more interesting things . i get really into ... ^ ^ enneathusiast , i don't know that much about having a social instinct ... isn't that like being an extravert ? you did hit the nail on the head about some things - my sil is extremely social , ... well , this isn't just some random sphere . this is my family . i was never best female in the family - - there really was no best anyone in our family and we all kind of gave support to one another , ... the marker rs2937573 is located near a gene ( tenm 2 ) that may play a role in the brain . individuals with the gg genotype at rs2937573 had about 1.2 times higher odds of being sensitive to the sound of ... dominant function is ni - - but uh , wish i didn't put that in there . it made you really miss the whole point of the post . i've tested as intj more than once ... i definitely had issues with my mother and grandmother's chewing and low-class looking manners with food ( hunched over backs , licking fingers ) . i read ... i like this theory - - and i think there is truth to that ! but really , unless somebody is talking at the level of an einstein i don't see how it could all be gibberish to those who aren't as smart as ... i've experienced a very similar history as a student , from making the best grades in my class for a few semesters , to burning out and failing for a short period , only to get myself back on track once ... i have an enneagram 3 ( maybe wing 2 ) sister-in-law . in our family , everyone is very supportive and encouraging towards her . in fact , most of the family focuses on her talents and hobbies . and ... and counterintuitively , enneagram 3s aren't always as successful as other types--i know a textbook enneagram 3 who isn't successful at all , but seems satisfied with appearing successful . she has ... i think js appear more intelligent , because left brained thinking seems to be associated with intelligence . and then there's being female , which looks less smart to the majority of people . to ... i don't totally get it either ! but what i do know is i'm very good at guessing the general percentile that others received on standardized tests . now you can argue that standardized tests and iq ... lying is ultimately a social skill associated with narcissism . i am still trying to improve my fe--recently , i've noticed that when i've recounted some bad circumstance of my life a friend will say i'm sorry . when someone tells me about something unfortunate ... i got bored once it got easy to do the very advanced puzzles , but i was really into it up until that point . the sodukos where there was only one number on the whole thing were so difficult i also ... i wouldn't go by nerd style . geek chic has been all the rage around here , especially amongst the sp crowd . intuitives learn and then invent new technology if that is their area of expertise . sensors learn and then use technology . everyone can use a smartphone . this is something i've been noticing for some time and i wanted to know if anyone else has experienced something similar . since about the first grade i've been able to tell how somebody's ... some common , even religious , ethical rules make this kind of bonding and support all the more difficult . anger is wrong , don't be judgmental , gossip is evil and wrong , don't talk behind peoples ' ... i don't even know that he thinks he made a mistake ; of course , i might be wrong , but i believe he thinks he's lucky . they met on a dating site and i know she described herself like a female ... good marriages , bad marriages - maybe it's all spiritual good , easy relationships sustain the spirit while bad relationships stress the spirit , but result in growth . you could just as easily ... i agree with this comment . but do certain types have a monopoly on having a conscience ? i can think of a few intxs who had extremely strong consciences , almost aspergers-like in it's high ... criticism in a vacuum is no big deal , but many times people criticize those they feel superior to which reveals who's above whom in the great pecking order . if you look at things closely , someone ... i see what your saying . sure , competition can be very exciting . but i guess i also see it as animalistic and commonplace , kind of a jock mentality . i've always idealized the lone genius who ... when i say i don't like competitive people , i'm not referring to being competitive on a game where it is expected . i can be extremely competitive on video games . but i do have a big problem ... i didn't know about conflict relations - - something new to look up , cool ! but yes , i get the impression that the intj male feels he deserves punishment somehow , and he doesn't know what a great ... no , it's not weird , pretty normal actually . the most popular girls in school do many prosocial things , but they also do mean things regularly . it makes all the ' regulars ' respect her and try to ... the left brained nature of school assignments makes it hard to access the right brained creative and emotional side , where all the really exceptional work is going to come from . when you are forced ... intjs--it's maybe the only type where i don't have to change myself to be well received . the seem to even like the bad parts of my personality . come to think of it , i don't know anybody that ever expresses anger ... it's sort of seen as an out-of-control emotion that is greatly disapproved of in society . weirdly , i even know people who've ... and the few times where i do seem to get some attention , there seems to be some esfp just seething in the background because she isn't getting 100 % of the attention . then she'll ramp it up with a ... yikes , i love science ( excelled particularly in math / science in school ) and i don't remember the last time i cried ... and i'm infp . being depressed doesn't make a person infp . i know at least 2 intj / esfj couples . while they seem to be a very stable pair , i can easily tell that the intj is looked down upon by the esfj while the intj shows strange fawning admiration towards ... you are just really self-conscious . narcissists fake it and get the best social results - - someone tells you something bad that happened to them - - cue concerned expression otherwise look ... i think i'm the opposite . since i was a young child i've considered myself to be very average looking and acting . it's peoples ' reactions and comments about me that tell me that i'm actually very ... i personally think the types should have two separate descriptions , one for the female version and one for the male . i'm sure an infp male is going to behave differently from an infp female just as ... i don't feel sympathy for people i really dislike ... in fact , i usually want bad things to happen to them so that they will learn their lesson , possibly grow from their negative experiences and ... ^ ^ yeah , i'm hypersensitive to people's emotions too , and this is a very strong indicator that i'm infp . but what do we do with intps and intjs ( and enfp / js ) who are also hypersensitive to others ' ... it's hard to type ourselves because we know too much about ourselves . undoubtedly , we are going to find contradictions and exceptions all over the place . i wonder if the most accurate method of ... [ not a debate ] but , my first thought was you seem really verbose for an intj . i've been unsure of being infp , mostly because i'm pretty weak in f and p . but in my case , i don't think this was denial so much as i actually am not a textbook example of infp . other people i ... '