' might i be artistic ? i appreciate style , physical , and linguistic , so i'll try to beguile from within rhythmic theme with a shitty rhyme scheme . i'm not terribly reserved in truth . usually some peice of sarcasm is enough . morally , though , there are a few topics i'll shout about . at school i often find my peers are rather censorial , and don't ... first of all , truman was not in office at the time . it was roosevelt . so regardless of whether or not he had prior knowledge the war was well on by the time truman came to power . so what would you ... it's tragic that it happened , but in truman's shoes , it was the only call . sacrifice millions of american soldiers . soldiers who didn't want to fight in a war , who didn't choose to be soldiers . the ... see if you can pick up a copy of any of dr . paul eckman's books . quite technical but good for this sort of thing . he also cites his studies , and peers clearly and simply . then there's keirsey's ... i went through a similar awakening a few years back . ( i was also in high school . ) i just cut them all out , i changed schools shortly thereafter , because that school was more convenient . i'm happier ... that's inconsistent in one person , let alone a whole type . sometimes i'll eat like a starving hellbeast , others like a dainty eighteenth century narcissist . of course that's a farcry from empiricism , ... last movie i watched was a documentary on hunter s . thompson . i don't wnt to live his life , i've my own that promises just as much if i grab it . last fiction movie i saw was some shitty high school ... well the words ' vampire archetype ' are quite vague . in the sense of vampires versus werewolves ( where vampires represent hihgher order cognition and a shirking of instincts , and werewolves represent ... the average intp's entire social strategy is chameleon-mode . basically adapting traits , and / or mannerisms of your conversation partner to maximize vibage . find common ground , look less condescending . that's probably , because female intj is a very rare occurance in the set of intj . i believe the male to female ration is 4:1 . maybe more . my first reaction is spite . nothing personal , you see , just poor association . once i muscle my way through the gut reaction , however , i find enfps quite charming . you're generally quite entertaining ... i very much like this experiment , and think i may do the same soon for a variety of reasons . as you are requesting the reasoning behind our conclusion that eliminating bias is impossible i will ... knowledge and power are the same thing . and in this context love is a selfish choice . when you could choose the capability to aid people who've not the basic amenities of life , choosing love , is ... knowledge , power , wealth , or love ? well two of those things are the same , and love is poorly defined and selfish . wealth will help you meet the nessecities , but an excess is doesn't make you happier ... i studied the fuck out of this a while ago . it's an amusing party trick , but little else in the way of practicality . though , ' tis incredibly useful in certain thought experiments , and entertaining to ... so i'm not the only intp secretyly in love with infjs ? that comforting . i would dance , if i could dance , but i cannot . i would like to learn , though . i think that , for the most part , for a species to have reached a point of interplanetary colonization it would have to have a moral structure that values intelligent life . i think that , otherwise , ... i'm a bad ' people person , ' not because i'm an introvert , but because i've no desire to talk about things that don't interest me , and i don't share many common interests with the common man . the only ... foremost be free . give us reign , don't be offended too easily . or easily at all . or have an average threshhold of offense . if we feel like we can be completely honest , then we'll love you . part of ... i'm nto going to give advice on the things you didn't ask . letters are meaningful . i prefer writing and recieving letters than other forms of communication . at least when it's something of this ... i've only taken it once . i failed the writing portion but i've had a lot of official and competitive recognition of my writing . i would like to become a writer . then , of course , the math section ... i'm a bit of a brony myself , but i'm not quite like that . though let me posit my hypothesis , i believe it is a part of the urge to be a part of a counter-culture . to stand out . what were your teen years like ? awkwardness and misery . general aloofness , and sadness . not all permeating , mind , just omnipresent . i have extreme difficulty actually working in school . i'm a senior ... i can conjure up very few examples right now , actually , but one of my favorites is definately lo . it's super low-budget , shot almost entirely on a black soundstage . it's an exellent example of ... i once had what was , essentially , a month long discussion on exactly how i would take a woman , and exactly how she would respond to each situation before i realized she was interested in me ... a partner that's smarter than me ? well not for long . i will rise to her level . i love being challenged , i will be smarter for it , and i will do my best to challenge her . i get bored . that's usually why i drop friends . often we just grow apart . sometimes they just get way too dramatic . as an example , i've one friend who jumps from supposed serious comitted ... i'm in . i'm waist deep . chest deep . drowning . in my commitment , i mean . i've been meaning to write more lately , and have been considering it as a career path . even if it's bad it's practice ... i'm doing pretty well , i think . or maybe i'm not really an intp . i've not heard any of these in years . but i do have a few good ones from lately . while looking someone in the eye : you scare me ... school was always difficult for me . the subjects were simple , enough . i would quickly absorb all relevant data , and use it to form futher opinions and notice deeper phenomena within the subject . but ... i like it . it's pretty accurate . you say you look like mila kunis ? is he gay ? this is a legitimate question , mind you . on average , gay men , regardless of mbti , will not want to date any woman . up next i recommend you take a look ... ask them directly . our body language is simple , and easy to read for the most part . it's just that feelings themselves are impossible to decipher for them . my eye rings are so dark they absorb light nearby . everything within a foot of them looks darker . as soon as i saw the op my first thought was , super-robot / computer . superbrain that can repair itself and make improvements ? yes please . or ecstacy . not the drug the emotion . i feel that would be ... > esfj well this is novel . anyway , he seems to be interested , from the data you've given . that may be skewed , however , by wishful thinking . if you've plenty in common , you've a lot to work with ... look for somebody who's in a semi-public place . ( he's probably there more out of feeling compelled to socialize than a desire to do so . ) doing an essentially non-social activity . internet , book , ... ecstacy graduating into confusion which invariably ends in general self-loathing . that may be a fault of my own . love is subordinating fact to perception . or perhaps that's infatuation ? if that is ... my little brother is an esfj . to say that i am unlike my little brother , is the same as saying i am unlike a slug . there is no real overlap . i saw the child throw away one hundred dollars he didn't ... right now i'm digging through al of hitchen's article's on vanity fair again . he'll give me another tangent to follow after that . i'm also reading redshirts right now . highly recommended . several ... have no doubts about it lad , the friendzone exists , and it is a cold place to be . also it should be said that nice has very little to do with the equation . it is the implications behind being nice ... primarily i would say that you should have enough in common to enjoy the other's company , but enough difference to stay entertaining . to make you experience new things . apart from that keep the ... try taking this to intpforum . they're a bit more specialized , and from my observations , have older posters . rule one : look intimidating . i never really got teased much . when i was younger i did , and my mother taught me how to handle it . don't react , it shuts them up . limited self-deprecation it takes the ... friends ? where do you buy ' em ? photons are a thing . / thread from your description i'd type her as an enfp . but that's not what is important . what is important is that she's either pathetic , or a monster . either way it's only pitiable for you to continue ... i brood . i shut myself off and brood . sometimes i'll turn off all the lights lie down and brood . sometimes i'll brood on a walk . usually i don't wear headphones as it distracts from my thoughts , ... '