only watched the show . tyrion is probably my favourite character , like the hound as well . least favourite character is little finger . i am not sure why but everything about him from his looks ... not so much these days , kind of realised as well that for a small country , scotland is still a pretty big place and has a long rich and complicated history , so i would like to go around exploring it , ... geography . its a science in my opinion , because the physical side of it ( physical geography ) encompasses a lot of natural sciences like geology , geomorphology , climate science , ecology and etc . i ... yh i have the exact same problem , but it doesn't work on any browser . i can switch to a quest network on the same computer and get on though . for some reason i can't access the site on my usual network , but it works fine when i switch to a quest network . society is a joke , life is meaningless , most people are full of shit and i am long used to being alone and never fitting in anywhere anyway that i really couldn't care what people think of me except ... trying to act like someone you are not will exhaust you and people will see right through it , so 9 out of 10 times i'd say it's better to ' be yourself ' . job interviews are a bit of an exception ... yes , he told me to burn things ... not really , existentialism seems to be concerned with ' meaning ' from a metaphysical point of view . does my existence have meaning ? is their a purpose to life ? do i have free will ? do i have a soul ? ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EKu7TYWNxqA there are societies in the past that had a lot more freedom and security than what we do today , so it's a myth that society progresses linearly there is regression also . today is far from peaceful ... interesting article , murray bookchin said very much the same thing http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XF-Nda1usTk&list=PLPwev9vNc7VrRWl8PHeHhAUMB6igqM_GS to start with i was joking , but i meant spending your life chasing after a ' dream job ' and materialist crap supposed to make you happy . doesn't mean i don't think it's worth trying to make the ... another world is possible ! fuck dreams , fuck goals , fuck ambitions , fuck expectations , fuck having to prove yourself , fuck your opinion , fuck work , fuck money , fuck chasing after things that don't exist ! ! : angry : well you ... masculine - 51.667 feminine - 65.833 androgynous - 60.833 flaviagemina i had a quick go at it and i got : x93you scored 51.667 out of 100 masculine points , 65.833 out of feminine points and 60.833 out of 100 androgynous points . x94 it doesnx 92t really mean ... i don't think our minds are separate from our bodies and i don't think our own individual awareness , consciousness or sentience will survive after death . i think we are made of purely matter , and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgPFEYH9y-Q not sure about ' prejudiced ' because i don't think we introverts or infps are discriminated against anywhere near the level of racism , patriarchy or homophobia , but yeah i think there is a lot of ... how could an invasion ever be peaceful anyway ? don't you mean encounter ? depends if they have hierarchy and authoritarian structures i think . they would obviously have to be a highly advanced society to accomplish space exploration , so hopefully that would require sorting ... if i have to work in the afterlife then i am not going ! i think it's important people think for themselves , but i can never understand why people consider it important to pin point specific ' values ' in which to define themselves around . edit : i ... the infj's can have her , can't stand her . i don't go actively looking for really graphic stuff , and if i know a video or something is going to be extremely graphic and violent then i am not going to and i don't need to watch it . i just ... no despair is a crushing feeling of utter hopelessness and impending doom .  ... and it's not even like ' oh fuck i am going to die ' people can deal with the fact they are going to die , despair is ... life is beautiful and it's meant to be ! it's society that often blinds us from seeing the bigger picture . that we all live on one beautiful world together , but a world of finite resources , that we ... lol , i've been trying to get mine to that position ! it places me slightly above and slightly more right from where you are . the questions assume you believe in the state , which i don't and i think if ... cause we are all made of stars ? restoring balance to the force :P fi http://std3.ru/50/72/1385102043-5072eb167588c1da64360ff876c06960.jpg i am from scotland , and an anarcho-communist . this helps : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbrkgwqjkxU am i dramatizing your tone ? possibily , but i definitely picked up on a conservative tone , not that i think that makes you a bad person or something , but it's bullshit and was worth ... it was your tone i didn't like , ' well guess what , you have to do this and you have to do that , lifes not fair , lifes not easy deal with it ' and then saying that he was complaining and should change ... you didn't , it seemed to me that you were basically telling him to suck it up , get a job , give back to society , that he owes something to society and owes a fair days work to the bosses who exploit ... to hell with your work ethic ! all it does is subordinate you , tie you to your boss rather than each other , and make you hate ' lazy ' unemployed people rather than putting the blame where it ... it's not the lack of compassion which bothers me as much , but usually such people you describe have a tendency to be total parasites . if you don't care about other people , don't care about what ... why be diplomatic to someone who is simply taking advantage of you ? telling her to fuck off isn't unreasonable . no war but the class war ! generally i fear life rather than death , and where i do fear death i don't fear my own . fear , worry , hopelessness , despair yeah i am one of those of men . i argue against liberal feminism you've seen me do that before , and i can give you some examples of things i would argue against . a belief that it's men that are ... it goes without saying that there is a need for dialogue between the sexes , but there are also reasons for gender specific groups or movements . some feminists groups only allow women to join or ... i think it would change the nature of this forum far too much . although a place to discuss gender issues , gender identification , sexuality , masculinity and femininity i think would be a good idea , ... so there is quite a lot of lgbt's on the forum , and discussions to do with sexuality , gender identification , masculinity and femininity are always popular , but there remains no one place to discuss ... it was just an idea a talking point i wanted to raise , but you are right , the concept of ' sexual favours ' is not something i gave thougth to although in a society without money i'd also advocate one ... yes people like sex , but people can engage in sex or view sex without it being turned into a commodity to sell , buy or be paid to do . i am not against consenting adults filming themselves having sex ... http://blog.esky.bg/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/Red-Light-District-Amsterdam.jpg what i view as wrong about pornography is the commercialisation of sex , the fact that people are made into sexual ...