' hey all ! jeez i'm still having laptop issues ! jawz ( i always preferred that name ! ) thats great about you and your mum , keep it going , you two need each other :) kc , hope you are doing ok , how ... hi all , i've missed being here , i've been really busy and my laptop is broken :( so i only have access at my part-time job . any gossip ? is everyone doing ok ? whats happening , fill me in ... thank you silentscream , happy about nothing . and kiwigrl i have been so busy ... squidge and i have been sick with coughs and colds but we are on the mend now :) i'm exhausted to be honest ! i don't ... nuuu yooork ! ! definitely the coolest place ... only there for 4 days but thought it was cool , i'd imagine san francisco would be my perfect place ... well i wouldn't be as confrontational as to say that comment was innapropriate if it was unintentional , but what i'd do is try to rephrase it for the person so that it doesn't sound so ... please don't ! imho you keep it going ! you can't retire ... i won't allow it ;) that group sounds intriguing ! there is a meditation using the om mani padme hum mantra which sounds quite similar , its less about clearing the mind and more about metta which is ... kiwigrl i know , i know , i really don't like what i become when i'm angry ... i'm blushing writing this but man the things i've said to people in anger ... really really hurtful . i would normally cut ...   ... that actually is making a lot of sense . i'm actually thinking this set of values i have goes all the way back to my grandmothers influence ... its been passed down and i feel the ... you are one year old today little boy ! ! ! you are no longer the tiny fragile little baby that i held so close ... in those first few days after you were born i think i must have kissed you a thousand ... what makes me question it , is that in some areas of my life i'm completely disorganised ... i can't seem to keep all the balls in the air iykwim ? ? i get totally stressed out if my house gets ... silentscream ... meditation , its truly the key to contentment ... i have gotten out of the habit of meditating , and i have been meaning to do a refresher course just to get motivated again . when i was ... i think you are right , that is probably unrelated to type , i am sure in all of our shadow sides there is a lot of anger .. to the point where we can be blinded by it and let it lead us to carry out ... it is like something you would see in a how to manage people course ... you know the kind of course that they send team leaders on in big corporate companies . and it reminds me of when i worked in it ... i get the feeling with enfj's our own anger isn't something we feel at all comfortable talking about . because its a negative emotion and anger , if expressed , usually hurts the person we are ... love these kind of posts ! ! homosexuality ? is one of several different kinds of sexualities in the sexuality spectrum . it is not the sexuality that i have been inclined towards , either by choice or ... me too kiwigirl ... i sway between infp-enfj-enfp and sometimes even infj ! ! ! but this clears a lot up for me too thank you silentscream i think part of the reason why i was shy was because there was a 9 year gap between my older sister and i and then a 6 year gap between my younger sister and i , so for a lot of early childhood i was ... well , i'm only telling you all this because you are all nf's but when i was about 8 years old i flew ... no , i really did . in our house you could start running at the front door , through the hallway ... i believe thats an irish tune ? ? ? just found this by chance on stumbleupon ... love it ! ! x93unless itx 92s mad , passionate , extraordinary love , itx 92s a waste of your time . there are too many mediocre things in life . love shouldnx 92t be one ... a man is but the product of his thoughts what he thinks , he becomes . - mahatma gandhi the curious paradox is that when i accept myself just as i am , then i can change . - carl rogers ... my unhealthy ways of coping with stress are smoking , eating and shopping :( my healthy ways are yoga , meditation , walking in nature , reading . great idea ... that calls for a new thread fantasy bucket list my mind is working overtime already ! marzipan 01 tall , gangly , and gracefully clumsy thats just my type ;) yes , i think perhaps i do feel intimidated around them . hmmm ... interesting . i don't usually connect very well with any s types , only on a surface level . i know some istj's , they tend to want to either protect me and view me as a vulnerable stupid little ... 1 . visit india , not just on a tourist coach , but actually to spend some time there exploring , living , experiencing life there . 2 . get my accreditation 3 . have my own thriving vegetable garden ... haha , yes i looked ... but didn't post , found it a bit intimidating . esfj's are very straightforward ! ! my sis would probably be intimidating to strangers ... perhaps even menacing ;) but to me , she's my ... i'm posting this song , written by my very talented nephew evan ... i think he's an enfj . perhaps a little immature and lost at the moment , but his creativity shines through ... what do you think ? ? ? ... i'd say she's an infp ? ? i'm just the next island over from you in ireland . welcome and well done on finishing the a levels and getting your place in university . although i've never been to ... virtual high-five for that ! ! ! big smile from me when i read it , go you ! eric sounds like a complete prick . i did a workshop on mbti , i was convinced before i took it that i was an enfp or infp , but through the weekend the guy taking the workshop said that on observation he was fairly sure i was enfj . he ... i love pondering these questions ! ! what is romance ? it's lovely thats what it is ! it's hard to define though ... the actions , moods , feelings and thoughts of two people in love . what are the ... hi , i'm dying to know more about you ! and welcome , i'm only here myself since may i think ... but i love that i can post among people who understand me . i've learned so much about myself by ... wow ... my baby sis is an esfj ... she's very feisty , tough as nails ... great to have on your side , but scary to argue with ! i'll take a look , my curiosity is getting the better of me ! thank you very much , i am going to get started right away ! really ? i'm curious now ... i kind of feel like i want to go in there and fix it all up and make everyone friends again ! oooh .. now i've got lots and lots of questions for you penguinfrk ! i have wanted to have a blog , but i don't know whats cool and whats not in the blog world ... where is a good place ? how to start ? i ... everyone will wake up tomorrow morning with the ability to use 5 % more of their brain . just 5 % , its a small ask ! ! ! just imagine what we could achieve with that 5 % collectively ! i just tend to have a belief , no matter what comes my way , that people are good and that people will choose to do the right thing rather than the wrong thing in most situations ... and perhaps thats ... very powerful post ! i think i love your mum too ! ! ! you may have temporarily lost the connection , but a mamma who loves her baby boy like she loved you doesn't ever stop loving him ... and while the ... i'm not sure you are aware of it but you come across as extremely arrogant ... and well , silly ! i'm a buddhist , i know the significance of the lotus flower ... yet i and plenty of other buddhists ... crono , i love it when someone explains something i have wondered about in a really clear , easy way ! thanks ! i have questioned whether i'm an extrovert many times ... your explanation makes a lot of ... yep , i would agree with gurlygurl here . i love to communicate . i'm just fussy about who i communicate with and what i communicate to whom . i really don't have anyone in my life at the moment whom i'd ... what he says ! ! : wink : what has your interest in eastern philosophy got to do with anything ? it's the word polluted that makes you sound judgemental ... perhaps you could use a less offensive word ? you may have an ... oh i'm so glad for you and your mum . i often wonder what noah will be like as an adult , what will he look like , what type of persone will he be and what will he think of me . remember this one ... you say i have polluted by body with tattoos and in the next breath tell me you are not here to judge ? ? ? the person i love the most , is the person i have known for the shortest amount of time out of all my family and friends . i have known him almost 1 year ( in 16 days ) . well , i had known him quite ... he is a very unhealthy enfj i would say ... the clinginess is something i would worry about ... because an overly needy enfj could quite quickly turn to irrational rage if they feel they are being ... '