' yesss , it recently got so pretty outside and i just take my phone and take pictures of all the nature and listen to some peaceful and happy music . makes me smile . ive recently realized that the root of most the issues in my life is due to lack of self-esteem . i really just feel like im not worth much and dont have much to share or offer , even though in the ... yes , but i can function , even though i feel like i cant sometimes . my life is relatively normal . i have friends , i have a family , i have talents .. honestly there is nothing to stressful about my life , but for some reason i feel terribly sad , alone and negative . its ... stop talking ! i did so terribly i cringe every time i think about it . idk what to do .. well yes mostly . it doesnt mean i cant have fun when im older , but in high school ur not faced with the same responsibilities and worries as you are when your on your own . you need to learn the power of positive self talk my friend . i have the exact same issues as you . you know that all these things that you tell yourself are not true . you do matter , you are important ... ive realized that most of my friends need reaction . as in if they say oh my gosh something terrible happend then they need a whole big oh no ! ! what ? ? , if i just say ok or what ? theyll think ... i cant be myself in any social situations otherwise i wouldnt have friends . yesterday i was in no mood of putting on yay life is fabulous ! ! show , so i sat there quietly in the group and observed and ... good bye . l i made it into 2 words .. :) yes i understand its not the most profound poem out there , it just helped me understand what i was feeling . you mistook my distance as disinterest scared of your love i ran away hoping you'd ... life is short , so mile while you still have teeth ! ok if this girl is an infp and shes doing this whole im talking to u now im not thing , it means she is interested , usually . basically , she wants a connection with you , but as you said neither of u ... ok what shes interested in is connection . and for the record you cant ' avoid the cold spots ' it depends what mood shes in . you cant just decide to like her when shes being flirty and outgoing and ... this is so interesting , because i too have a baby face .. any 1 think that physcial features has what to do with personality ? when i have fun . let me just put it out there .. im overly sensitive , but not just to anyone . only with people that i have / had a connection with . i have an older friend ( 5 yrs older ) shes an estj maybe ? anyways ... in my high school im quite well liked and have many friends but i hide my true self from everyone . no one knows im some intense emotional person .. its quite frustrating .. does life change a lot ... oh gosh , just stop being so emotional ! ive locked the door lost the key anxiously awaiting for its return to me who will care enough to search for my feeling redeem me from my exodus to the ultimate healing my teachers always saw me as a leader , but i dont think my friends do . my friends happen to be a little more on the shallow side so their perception of what a leader is , is that they boss evryone ... i fell before the attempt ok this is a question most infp's ask themselves on a daily basis , but how do i be healthy ? what do i do ? what do i work on ? what are my weakness's ( i mean i know what they are , but can u generalize ... i tend to con notate s with shallow and n with depth , i know thats bad and is a false statement , so what really is s ? the way they view the world ? they are the most assertive and ' shallow ' in the sense that they need physical achievement to increase their self-esteem , therefore they are the most driven to achieve that kind of success . and as we ... im watching a movie and i start crying , now that would be normal if it was a happy or sad scene ! but it was just some random neutral scene and i just start crying ! these random emotions just come to ... i hope im the only one who can have an intense obsession that can range from minutes to years . [ quote = theramona 369 ; 2532099 ] lol i notice you said you guys , lol are you not an infp ? . lol ok fine , we are awesome . and im glad u understand what im saying , u get the energy ... when you make every single one of your friends take the myer briggs quiz , and u guessed them right :) i dont know why , but all the infp's i know , i rly dont like . dont get me wrong you guys are absolutely awesome , just the ones i know are very needy and clingy and when im around them i feel like ... everyone always says this to me .. btw whats the diff between enfp and infp , a lot of times i feel extraverted and love to be round people and sometimes im just thinking every 1 get away from me ! im going to make today the best day ever ! ow my head hurts .. maybe ill do that tomorrow seems like she likes u my friend :) shes not gonna put in all tht effort if she didnt . plus all those small things u mentioned , like asking ur opinion and all that were all ways of getting your ... the thing is i cant control it ! i know its a gift but since its not toned down its like a curse . its very stressful to constantly be feeling others feelings and energies because then u lose sight of ... i feel like im crazy .. i walk around outside and whoever i pass i feel like i can feel their energy ! ! its so messed up . if im in a grocery store i automatically just feel the cashiers energy , i ... i have a proposition for you guys , who thinks they can go one full week without internet , tv or any other media related item ? personally i know that the media negatively affects me and the way i feel ... yes yes yes yes . ugh , being the nice person i am and not wanting to kill others self esteem i would just smile at them when they said things so annoying as your so quiet you need to become less ... g-d exists . a pen or a piano you do look like a toby ! ha ! btw the shifting from happiness to depressed in 20 minutes .. is that normal or am i bi-polar ? ! ! ? literally i can be on top of the world at 8 am . and by 9:30 am . im ready ... i am the one who cares more for you then you do for me . i am the one who feels music . i am the one who says sorry to the wall when i bump into it . i am the one who is smiling on the outside , but ... i happen to love enfps with a passion . no you do not need to be fixed ! you are just as much a person as anyone else . ok , true . i love how i can see certain traits of a person just through their eyes . for some reason i always misread intensity . i think its because i always hope tht ppl have a deeper intense side ... ok this proves my theory that a lot of deep intense ppl have blue eyes ! ! ! im not discriminating against brown eyes though .. i happen to love them too :) major appreciation for my youth . theres this person inxx im rly not sure if shes nf or nt it bugs me so much . so i can never tell if she rly doesnt like me or thats just the way she is orrr she acts like she doesnt like me wen she ... is it true women marry men like their father ? how do i stop this , cuz my father is quite phycotic ! ! i want to be a bus driver ( kidding , but thats what i answered in kindergarten ) . i want to be a really good mommy , and do somethign with phycology . can someone make a infp compatibility chart ? like infp-estj infp-intp ... ect . thanks ! ! ! '