' eh ? not really . we were just typing a politician . no political arguments were happening that i'm aware of . obama = esfj / ese , imo . i don't know if you're into socionics , but you're describing the whole alpha quadra here ( and in particular the extroverts ) . anyway , he's much , much better at fe than an entp ... uh , the doctor . hands down . how has no one mentioned him yet ? or , to go the opposite direction , i always like to point to jim halpert from the office as a great example of what a majorly bored entp ... no , actually , i would expect people who make it big to generally be outliers in one way or another , kinda by definition . i disagree on both counts . i really wouldn't describe extps as being ... intelligence level /= cognitive type . just because there are brilliant estps doesn't mean there aren't moronic estps . same goes double ( triple ? ) for entps . i do believe that was my insinuation , yes . there's something that doesn't make sense . let's go and poke it with a stick . like geonerd said . that says it all . who cares ? he's either one of the dumbest and most vile humans on the planet or a secret genius manipulating everyone towards his mysterious ends ( is it all a secret message to someone ? is it ... not like most girls ? imagine that . no . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gF3EcrRXO50 yeah , that's considered ideal in socionics . ideal . infp : best listeners out there . can also be very thoughtful and deeply felt activists , but man they would defend voldemort as just misunderstood because he was once bullied and they can relate ... duuuddde . that's deep ... : cool : i disagree with this actually . i've always subscribed to the idea that talent ( and by extension , genius ) is simply a product of a lot of practice with , exposure to , and interest in the skill , ... nah , you're among friends ( aka , fellow narcissists : wink :) . i agree in terms of skill and talent . i think the more interesting question is about whether it affects style . : laughin : wow , that's some serious arguin ' there . oh yes , all of the counter phobic six . if you watch the flashbacks to before lily's death you can really see how she used to be really phobic . definitely agree it's a sp / sx movie overall ( like me ! only i'm not a movie ... ) . that's part of the reason i like it so much--it has an oddly mellow energy for a movie about rock and roll . i really ... eh , totally subjective question , but i prefer either type of ntp over the other two . ( examples are jorge luis borges = intp , douglas adams = entp ) . no surprise though--i'm biased towards my own . my ... lol is almost famous just the definitive 7w6 ? cause that's my head fix exactly , plus i tend to apply instincts in order to my tritype ( so i think of it as a sp 9w8 , sx 7w6 , soc 3w2 ) , which would make ... paradise lost is wonderful . it inspired the novel i'm working on now , which is a kind of off-kilter retelling of the adam and eve story . i'm also a huge fan of gilgamesh ( look for the david ferry ... yeah , i'm pretty darn proud , but i think i hide it well in everyday life ( i'm a 9 so i tend not to be directly confrontational , at least unless someone really pisses me off . or maybe not . i just ... nvm , read more . 9 : the haunting ( 1963 ) a little explanation : i couldn't find the scene that directly follows this , but basically the main character ( eleanor , the blonde in the video ) , is simultaneously terrified ... um , does this thread still exist ? can it die now , pretty please ? this is possibly the prettiest thing i have ever seen . i can identify with a fair amount of this , but i think the key issue you are describing is actually tertiary fe ( we care about and are affected by people's moods , but we are mostly clueless as to how ... actually , funny story , i absolutely hate learning languages . i took french in high school , and while i was okay at reading and writing , trying to actually communicate anything via my vocal cords was ... 458545 hmmm . girlfriend is an introvert of unknown type , and no , it doesn't bother or annoy me . however , she doesn't introvert out as you put it , basically ever actually . she's more the type of introvert ... wow . not sure if internalized elitism , internalized ablism , or just plain self-hate ? no , you are not inferior and your type is not inferior . a couple things : 1 ) i would take statistics about ... http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20130203191514/simpsons/images/2/24/Abe_simpson.gif i don't . i find infjs fascinating and a bit exhausting . i tend to find isfjs adorable , but only in fiction ( i don't know any personally ) so who knows . i honestly think infjs are much too dramatic , ... almost certainly istj . yes . i am diabolical . exactly ! they're really cold and impermeable and hard to get listen to you , whatever the image they project may be . yes . there are crossovers and stuff , but it's mostly self-contained . it's more similar in tone to the rest of your list , but if you have the chance i would check out buffy , because it's really worth ... sooo ... have you seen buffy the vampire slayer ? cause it's pretty great , and seems to fulfill your requirements . absolutely full of fun and camp and fight-y ness . fun dialogue , lots of humor , and a ... i think an underlying rhythm ( whether literal or not ) can help direct and keep ne from wandering too far from a task . if you think of a beat or a melody as a circle or spiral or squiggle that stays ... exactly ! i've always thought the most obvious thing about her was the fe use . i'd be interested to discuss what makes you think esfj over enfj , since i'm not totally decided yet . oh , okay . social ambiversion is possible . i find cognitive introversion / extroversion to be a more interesting distinction myself , that and function order . i do think she's a social extrovert but ... do you mean you see equal parts ni and fe in her ? or do you mean she's a social ambivert ? i tend to like weird literary ( god , i hate that term ) books that play with language a lot . i'm also obsessed with books about neuroscience and / or linguistics . otherwise , practically anything , ... mtbi has nothing to do with physical appearance or level of intelligence , so no , entp women would not tend to be bimbos or butch . there's really no correlation between people's style and their ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skPU47ckdwk but that's exactly enfjs : she knows enough about her sister ( fe ) to predict ( ni ) that lydia will behave badly in a certain situation . she makes a decision , a judgement about each of them : ... i agree with the argument dragongirl made . i would and often do behave in exactly this way , particularly when i'm uncomfortable with the people i'm around . in fact , the way lizzie does it it's ... more seriously , you should talk to asexual people about this . you're not weird at all , and i think you could find a lot of people in that community to talk to about this stuff ( even though you may ... what makes you think lizzie's an introvert ? i don't really get that . i'm still firmly in the enfj camp for both the book and the bbc miniseries . ( i can't comment on the keira knightly version , which ... '