' everyone has made very valid points . either option is completely viable so it's difficult to say which is the correct option for you . pray . pray a lot . i'll pray for you too . the above is what i was referring to . as far as the gut , it likely stores more than just memories of food . this region of the gut is more accurately referred to as the core since it's the muscle ... the nonconscious mind can't tell fact from fiction and that's actually the reason humans find scary movies scary and sad movies sad despite the fact that the rational consciousness is well aware of ... to assume is to make an ass out of u and me . what i am talking about is here and is now . the life underneath my life , the observing consciousness that sits back and watches the actions and antics of the thinking mind which is the unhappy false ... indeed , this is true . however , if we limit ourselves by current scientific understanding , wouldn't we potentially miss out on a lot ? for example , up until recently ( from a historical perspective ) ... you are so deliciously arrogant . anyway , there is something to be said for the wisdom of the ancient religions because typically , there is a reason that the same knowledge has been discovered and ... this thread interests me greatly since i've lately found buddhism rather intriguing . i highly recommend reading ' the power of now ' . it is a powerful book that can lead to profound spiritual ... what an unfair assumption ! perhaps the beauty is in the simplicity . however , i share everyone else's view on tattoos . they're completely permanent ! even marriage seems less forever ... at least ... one sided smile , more on the right than the left . this is never intentional ; it's like an invisible string is pulled taut when i'm happy or otherwise feeling joyful . the full and symmetrical smile ... well , how very istj of you to derive inexplicable pleasure from the istps acting ' true-to-type ' and ' paranoid ' . very characteristic of an istj . you've fallen into the trap of identifying yourself and ... when it comes to compliments , usually it's just stating an observed fact : that person really is a huge asset for the rest of the human race . she really does have the patience of job . he ... my god , it's burnout : superhero edition ! you are so fortunate . bet that went over really well ! i didn't know where to post this so i figured this area was a safe bet . how did other people learn their grammar and spelling ? do the cognitive functions in the mbti play an active role in this ? ... you are the sweetest / cutest thing ever . i can't even convey how awesome and true this statement is . i would quote it later but well , yeah . to answer the question yes , i can't quote stuff to save my life , but i understand and remember ... misterjordan if you are an nt what are you doing posting here ? your thoughts are supposed to go over here : http://personalitycafe.com/nts-temperament-forum-intellects/55213-what-would-nts-do.html hello sps . i'm doing some research and i could use your assistance . only sps should post in this thread . you suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice . if you spend funds , your ... hello sjs . i am doing some research and would appreciate some assistance . only sj types should respond to this thread . you suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice . if you ... hello nfs . i am doing some research and could use some assistance . only nfs should post their responses , please . you suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice . if you spend ... hello nts . i'm doing some research and could use some assistance . please nt temperament responders only . here's the scenario : you suddenly have 100 million dollars in the bank of your choice ... intp all the way . coolest intp ever . pssst ! pretend that my s is an n . what you are describing sounds like an underlying issue that would simply be exacerbated by a high-stress , successful musician lifestyle . you both have completely ... you may love them but perhaps the feeling isn't mutual . call anyone a heartless bastard and they will probably feel something less than positive towards you . your love of the word faggot is a bit ... never cross your arms if you're seeking openness from another individual . keep the heart region open and point your heart at them , basically . take off a jacket if wearing one . this stuff sounds silly ... estj testing out as shadow type ? you are sooo not an estp ; even i can tell you that much . you don't give off an sp vibe in the least . plus , an estp would never fix something that wasn't broke . they might unconsciously break ... potatoes are one of my favorite foods in existence . baked , mashed , fried . plain with only salt or fancy with spices and butter . oddly , i can take or leave french fries but potatoes ? can't go without ... are you guys stuck living together ? if so , maybe the cold tolerance thing is good . if you guys can get away from each other , i say not really talking is getting you guys nowhere and it's time to have ... they are cat and dog , respectively . the cat is a zen master , the dog a strong sensor . i'm pretty sure my sanity would slip away if i contemplated their mental functions any further . are you easily [ i ] intimidating ? oh yes , definitely . thank you . words to live by . creators of warm , happy families are awesome ! welcome to the forum ! we are pretty awesome ! in small doses , that is . we're all losers here , by that definition . welcome to the loser convention - - i mean , welcome to the forum ! ... and that would be ? the suspense is killing me ! - . - whatever you are welcome to the forum ... if you're an inxx , there's guaranteed to be tons of your type here to connect with . if you're an e or s ... a depressed ... penguin ? you're shitting me , right ? welcome to the forum and cheer up ; penguins shouldn't be depressed ... it's just wrong ! my gut says ... * drumroll * infj . my gut might just be hungry right now though . or it could be indigestion . :D whatever you are , you sound like an awesome person . since you're not actually involved in ... ... why would escapism be hard to understand ? this sp can't figure it out . welcome to the forum ! depends . if they feel like they need to come off , sure . if it's fresh i'll just leave it be . my body did a lot of hard work to make that natural band-aid ; why would i ruin it ? they can be annoying as hell and flaky to boot . i just can't stand the fickleness ... and this is coming from a fellow perceiver . but when they do decide to come through or give their time and ... i think that introverts can be very people focused . many of them spend tons of time with other people but it's the extroverts that actually get energy from it ; introverts end up either accepting the ... you can't look at the functions individually , so asking questions like am i an n or s ? is usually a sign that you're essentially doing it wrong . change one letter and the whole thing is completely ... i don't like sitting too close to my friends , much less sleeping anywhere near them . i had no idea intjs were so incredibly cuddly ! nice avvy . welcome to the forum ! serial killers , earthquakes , ebola and aids ... basically anything they made a 20/20 esque tv special on to scare all the old people since my parent faithfully watched that garbage full blast . i was a ... i can't imagine using the word ' yummy ' . that would be ridiculous . reading through the other 14 type descriptions at the site i linked you to may be helpful in your quest to determine your type . remember , the descriptions must be read as a whole ; we will all find ... '