' there is an overwhelmingly high probability that i will regret the fact that i am currently awake posting this by tomorrow . wish i could just knock myself asleep . i need to use my time efficiently . i have , after - - actually , i don't know how long it's been since i last opened up percafe ... and after several painful life-changing experiences , decided to open my my account and sift through my post ... honestly , right now i'm just a little ball of spite , jealousy and a little bit of greed and ambition thrown into the mix . never thought i would ever feel like this . better than just feeling numb and ... want something you could do in real life to make anyone question themselves ? * distant snickering . * * steals a glance at you but quickly turns away realizing you're looking * pfft ... * more ... well , it should have had , though . intps , in order to grow as i see it , really need to get over this overwhelmingly insane phobia of failure . you donx 92t need to win literally every time you try ... i see your point , but it's the only way i can really describe it . it's hardly narcissism when one acknowledges one's flaws and genuinely strives to improve and get better with each passing day ... personally ? i can only really feel interested in someone who is better than me . someone who has more experience , or greater development in a particular skill . someone i could learn something from ... meh . i'd say ass is more important . i'm jealous of people who like popular stuff . an odd trend that i've noticed in most of my interests is how niche they are . now , i'm not a hipster bragging about his favorite garage band you've ... just listened to my grandma ramble about predestination and religious guidance over the phone for half an hour after being rudely interrupted from my daily musing session . all the while forcing ... this is now the sixth . it's a good day . ghaustchs ? ! i don't like ' em ! it's nothing personal , just a cultural thing , but ghosts ? not a fan . seriously though , ghosts as far as i can tell are just a concept created by people's overactive ... procrastinating means you don't have enough motivation to do something . i myself like to imagine if i don't do a certain thing , my lack of doing it will set off a butterfly effect that will ... don't you ever have those moments where you suddenly remember something that happened a long time ago because of some random tiny thing that triggered a chain of relation-making inside of your brain ... if everything hurts you , nothing does . anyways , i myself have no earthly idea of what would truly hurt me . despite everything i've gone through , i've still got the emotional intelligence rotten ... jesus . tip : some intps can often often make stupid mistakes or act upon their most primal impulses if you beat them down enough . source : almost punched a guy straight in the face today out of sheer anger . it's odd . when i really think about it , there's a number of people i can trust and really count on in my life . it didn't use to be like that , so i suppose i must be doing something right . but ... i only have enough friends to keep me from feeling excruciatingly isolated and lonely . further levels of intimacy are unnecessary . i hope . i'm not interested in either emotional or sexual relationships , so most of the time it just makes me uncomfortable . the first thing i thought about after winning my first game at civ v was at this point i could probably run a country if i tried . i wonder how accurate that statement is . if something really interests me , i'll place an almost unhealthy amount of focus on it . be it a strategy game , a logic puzzle , or some project i'm working on . if there's a question that particularly ... i myself just flinch as a reflex whenever someone touches me when i'm zoning off in my mind not paying attention to anything . i suppose it's what natural selection developed for me since otherwise i ... more like i just didn't care for it . obviously it didn't do me much good since i tend to flat out ignore and eventually completely forget about things i don't care about . forgotten assignments , not ... god and such figures always reflect one aspect of the human beings that created them . not unlike the many figures and gods from polytheistic cultures and their many tales , the biblical god must also ... it's a conscious process for me not to behave in such a way that would warrant me a negative or humiliating response from most common citizens . naturally , it gets tiring after a while . other than ... actually into civ 5 as well these past few weeks . though midway through a recent game i got hit by a feeling of nostalgia when playing through the medieval era and decided to boot up skyrim again . ... this . emotional manipulation in general really gets me to put up all my guards near instantly when i realize it . i'm frankly so repulsed to it down to my core that it takes a lot for me to ever place ... ironically enough i speak better when i'm tired . might have something to do with me not having the energy to go off into a tangent inside my head while still formulating my sentences . wow . i didn't think much of the idea at first , but when you put it like that it does sound quite bad . as for me , i don't particularly mind if someone i've shared an experience with decides to talk ... i make strange noises . very strange noises . if the real world and the vr world never interact , then how can someone inside the vr world say the real world exists ? for all intents and purposes , this is now the real world . and if you didn't have ... i am confusing and confused . really cements the intp archetype of being the random old guy who beams down from time to time and tells riddles and gives cryptic hints to the heroes just to confuse them under the pretense of being ... from new year's eve , i think . i was talking with a friend about the soon to be had new year's firework-mass-launching-event . me : this again ? why do people like fireworks ? it's just a bunch of ... it's never a matter of can or cannot . but rather , finding out how to . some answers are clearer to see than others , and some require a deeper level of reflecting and breaking down in order to be ... meh , more of an aspiring scientist if anything . still studying . it's been my dream since very early in my childhood to be a brilliant physicist , cheesy as that might sound . other than that i only ... b . because you don't need common sense to figure out how to take control of your life . summoning demons is extremely easy when you have the right software . though i must say i prefer using helel to either lucifer or satan . his skillset tends to be more useful and versatile , even if his ... i'm actually really conscious and well-aware of the feelings of people around me thanks to how much effort i put into developing my social awareness . but i'm so fucking afraid of doing something ... just went on my yearly visit to the eye doctor this monday . my myopia has jumped a relatively small amount from a relatively small amount ( from 3.0 and 3.5 to 4.0 in both eyes ) . nothing really to ... snow . since 2010 i think i've always had a snowman motif to all of my internet account names , so most people i speak to online ended up calling me that . it brings back bad memories because the one ... i mean ... you could make the argument ... same . if i tried to voice my feelings towards someone i just liked or enjoyed being in the presence of , it would probably sound something like hey ! i don't want you die . usually , i am mostly ... a lot . i don't usually say the whole train of thought out loud , though occasionally i let one or two sentences slip and pose dramatically in an attempt to amuse the nonexistent transcendent beings ... this thread should really just be renamed to intps just hate stupid people in general . sometimes i don't want to be around other people , but i never really felt the opposite was true . did i do something right ? everyone i know always comments on how ' chill ' i am when i spend time ... sometimes i wonder which one between two different meanings to a word came first . like , did people start calling wells ‘ wells ’ because having water around makes people well ? or was it the opposite ... recently i've had a very intriguing dream . it started out pleasant , with me meeting with a beautiful madam at a silent train station during the afternoon . the orange sky blending in with the ... the intp subforum has a ' tits or ass ' thread with over 1000 responses , but i blame that on our regularly scheduled dementia party . you can judge it as you see fit , however . '