' i got an enfj . :D i'm not a fe dom , i really don't think so . i retook it and got esfp . mbti : istp patronus : sparrow wand : ash wood with a unicorn hair core 12 and brittle flexibility ilvermorny : pukwudgie hogwarts : gryffindor i'm not really adept at spotting lies , exactly , but i can get vibes from people . but i kind of perceive myself to be more of a cassandra from the mythology . i can see something wrong and i know ... fdt i think your re-typing is interesting , but i think inferior se is very different from inferior si in that while both high intuitives can have a divergent relationship with their sensing , i ... i think what is muddling ( or muddying ) the waters on the luna typing is people are missing the fact she isn't a healthy version of her type . she saw her mother die in a early acccident young in her ... i see a bit of ne , though maybe later on . istj ? well ( and i am in transition type myself , i'm speaking to someone who is helping me with it ) , but i feel ( and i could be wrong ) that it is an ti-ni loop . you are constantly deconstructing the idea ... nods , yeah , i liked the idea of enfp theoretically , but i do agree it could be better proven with the function descriptions especially with the theory that he is a ne-dom . :) but yeah the si is ... lol fist bump . i admit your frankness but i don't think it's necessarily the worst . there has to see some worst . i think the si effect in his personality is valid . i think he switched his method ... i want to retype mona a bit , just because i've been interested in the character again once i re-watched . i'd almost say an entp . she has a love of games , of mind games in general . she has the fe ... nancy : estp . she is rather like faith lehane from buffy , she is open about her wounds and how she feels about things . she went extreme in her wishes . sarah : isfp bonnie : infj - - she saw the ... lexa was an istj in that she had a kind of had a set code for the world . she didn't play a game , she played the game she thought it should be played . she was deeply into fi-ideas and when clarke ... apoptosis :D oh , not a all , ahah . i can see the reasoning too because of the amount of time spent on screen and the action nature of this story . and it's really interesting that you have onigumo ... rloai withdrawn , loner , not wild and crazy , does not like the spotlight , worrying , crowd averse , afraid to draw attention to self , easily hurt , fearful , prone to low physical fitness , fears ... naraku : intj with a weak t . he's definitely not a strong t because he is so skilled at knowing other people's thoughts and feelings . but i still think he is a t , with te dominating his actions and fi ... naraku : intj with a weak t . he's definitely not a strong t because he is so skilled at knowing other people's thoughts and feelings . but i still think he is a t , with te dominating his actions and fi ... istj tbh . ( tolkien who i have read was an istj ) tmlt give people too many second chances ? loner as hell tbh . i was more group oriented in college . boring is a point of view . if you aren't bored with what you yourself are doing---their definition doesn't apply . i think this makes a good case for kylo ren being an enfp . https://mbtimania.wordpress.com/2016/05/30/force-awakens-mbti-kylo-ren-enfp/ i think veronica may be an esfp who is reforming her way due to seeing the consequences of her father's fall from grace . she wants to be a better person ( fi valuing ) and her play on words remind me ... esfp ? i am not an isfp ( though i went through a phase ahha but i was curious about the potential contrast ) i got : lawful good human wizard ( 4th level ) ability scores : strength - 12 here's a good site that i found agreeable in terms of describing the details of ti-ne tine ( intp ) âx80x94 type in mind whatever lorne is , he likes to test people and see it play out . i would say either estp or entp . entp likes to see what happens and his scene where he tests the motel lady about all those types of ... i'll comment on your entire post of course , but why is 2 a rare combo for some of these ? it could be a narrow view of the 2 enneagram . yes , they care for other opinions , but there can be a more ... 71.053 out of masc . points , 65.833 out of 100 femin . points , and 70 out of the 100 andro . points . female , istp 1 ) nf vibe 2 ) ni 3 ) - j with fe slant 4 ) ti 5 ) fe i would think infj who likes the se-dom idea of esfp or estp - - - 42 % intp 21 % istp 9 % intj 7 % isfp 6 % infp i think it's because i answered i like creativity ahha . i have a lot of dreams about being underwater lately . i've been both in space and underwater in my dreams ahaha . usually there is a supernatural element , spirits , ghosts , etc , but mostly it is ... usually i remind myself of my opposite : aka luna lovegood . i've been compared to claire bennet ( from heroes ) as well . but i see myself a lot in summer in 500 days of summer and michelle from 10 ... yes--mostly because i have been studying both sides of the aisle for some time now . ( not that i know that much or am right about anything ) . but i perceive that the recent orders on the internet is ... i think it'd depend on how far you think into the future actually . to be able to read someone also means you will be able to see how far they'd go beyond that moment . ironically i think it's te too , ... based on your responses , your likely enneagram tritype is : 4-5- 1 and your likely enneagram tritype with wings is : 4w3 - 5w4 - 1w9 ... your overall type preference is : type 4 ( 4w3 ) first , type 5 ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... the problem is people take it too personally without thinking about the bigger picture most of the time . i have to admit i don't trust the media very much as it does have a certain spin to it , so i ... fi-doms would keep their feelings to themselves whereas ti-doms would - eventually-implode or explode and share a bit too much . i speak from that experience ahah . i sometimes don't hide things about ... i , as an istp--but possibly borderline estp--love to write . i like to have the characters experience these various scenarios and change or grow from them . some types of writing really do lend ... typing aside , you are an 4w5 / 5w4 . i have an 4w5 / 5w4 divide myself . as for deviant personalities being fearless , i will say they hid that side of themselves a long time and did recognize the world ... enfp . i would go infj but you remind me of an enfp i knew a long time ago . she argued a lot about not good / not bad and questioned it , reframing it a bit each time . she also wrote in a similar ... well i'm bummed that peter pettigrew is an istp . very bummed . i need to contest this somehow later . i am not as bummed that sylar ( or adam monroe ? ) are istps . obs by my name ahha ( angelcat i'm the ... i don't think so , because the balance of functions are important . fe is about how other people feel but it doesn't necessarily demean its own self . ti would kick in before it , besides . fe can be a ... i have no idea about ti as an inferior but i imagine it is what people have described here . i think ti acts as a shredder ultimately ; it deconstructs . so as an inferior , it would deconstruct ... as an istp , their te helps my ti a great deal . i like the dedication to details , if that makes sense , and the call to action . and estjs can have a great well of personal intregrity . this may be ... scenario 1 - te but with some si , actually ? scenario 2 - fi scenario 3 - some possible te , but se is about making impacts . still that could be your age . scenario 4 : why would they be superior ... istp , in the books as well as the original film . major . night . owl . however , that is because of my living situation . i like working at night because i have more time to myself and time to think . i don't mind getting up early , just takes me a bit to ... i think the idea behind it all is that sometimes people are afraid of being the ones made fun of ? it's more of a protection thing , a ' let us have it be them , not me ? ' . it's a common human fear and i ... my first is acts of service and then quality time . a head full of ghosts by paul tremblay was a rough one . i'm awaiting his next horror book . also , red moon by benjamin percy was pretty good . '