' urahara never seemed very introverted , and he seems far more ne dominant than he does ti dominant which is mainly why i get the entp vibe . i would maybe be able to agree on intj for aizen but i ... i always thought of urahara as being entp and aizen as entj . also byakuya seems pretty si dominant . so i still think istj for him . hitsugaya seems more estj also . i'm also not sure about ... so true , and you're right i think the best way to describe her was a queen , haha . she certainly acted like she was expecting to be pampered or something . never again . seriously never again will ... i had a disgusting relationship with an isfp for a few months . its weird because i wanted it to work very much but it was just a disaster . we honestly were just completely incompatible . i would just ... i agree with these typings , except for donna . she doesn't seem very entj to me . also , i think kitty could go either e or i , but i lean towards e . i could see conan as an enxp , leno is certainly esfp . i dont know where the hell people get entj for letterman the guy seems very stj to me . also his ni must suck hardcore just watch him in this ... i've known a lot of cool isfp's and i don't think ive ever disliked one per se . its only that we don't seem to be able to interact as well as i'd like to lol . with some of the ones i knew in school ... he sounds like a good npd candidate . ( narcissistic personality disorder ) dear lord no . i felt exactly the same way about starcraft 2 . i eventually bought it anyways purely because its the only rts my retarded friends will play because of how user friendly they've made it . the mp ... entp for sure . he even has that stereotypical xntp child-like fascination with science , or at least that's what he exudes . hmmm ... well , now it seems like you're more intj . i would explain the fact that you don't relate to the knowing part of the ni description because the description is a little bad . many people have ... the worst way to type , honestly . i know way way too many weird se users . i'd go as far as to say most of the se users ( especially esxp's ) i know are far more outwardly weird than the n's i know . ... it might just be me , but for some reason your voice reminds me of george clooney . ( i may just be bat shits crazy though ) i will eventually post with your type , i'm still thinking though . i think you prefer ni over ne and se over si . so ni will be somewhere in your function order along with se ... but the f v . t is fuzzy for me still . although you say you get hurt by criticism ( i never ... answer these questions for me . when working on a project where do you place your emphasis ? the process of putting it together ? or the final product ? ( do you experiment with your perspectives to ... i always thought snake was a stereotypical istp . very bad ass clint eastwood-y type . i always thought she was an istp dammit , i lied , i'm not that sure about my type . i have an important question though . which process would this point to ? auto creating something similar to a compare and contrast table in your ... thanks everyone , i've now decided i'm definitely some kind of xntj . any help on deciding between e or i for xntj's ? ( any specific , noticeable traits ? or is it just the same e vs . i distinctions ? ) she reminds me of this isfp girl i used to know . ( i know , that's a really inaccurate way of typing . just had to say it anyways ) i have seen other forums try and peg her as an intuitive , and that's ... well , after reading almost every sites descriptions on all the types ; the ones that really clicked with me the most were entp , infj , and enfp . ( a few enfj ones clicked very well , but then others were ... i don't think it will help much but i took that test . extroverted ( e ) 50 % introverted ( i ) 50 % intuitive ( n ) 83.33 % sensing ( s ) 16.67 % thinking ( t ) 50 % feeling ( f ) 50 % judging ... i'm still afraid to tell him , especially since hes so irrationally clingy to her . i guess i'll show him all the texts next time i see him . i'd say that intp's definitely act a little more goofy and talkative when in a comfortable situation . ( like with a couple of close friends ) i've known them to make really funny off the wall jokes and ... hello all , since i know people don't want to hear me ramble about all my theories on my personality type in a long two page incoherent paper , ive decided to make a simple description of myself to try ... hoorah ! i just avoided all contact with her , and now shes stopped sending me creepy text messages lol . although i did get a lot of angry texts about how i'm an asshole for ignoring her for a while ... yes , shes definitely simple minded and clingy lol . i guess it wont hurt to try this out . ill report back with the results ! i've experimented already and she's definitely serious . i don't want to really be mean either ... lol so i'm not so sure i'd do it that way lol . that's exactly what i'm worried about . which is why i am searching for an alternative . i feel i'm going to get adverse reactions from both sides . long story short . i went to a party over the weekend that was being held for my good friends girlfriend's birthday . ( god knows why ? ) the awful thing is that the entire time his girlfriend was hitting ... i thought ryan was an entj with all his routines and things , but yeah i guess he did seem kinda enxp'ish besides the routines . so i'm thinking infj ? whachoo guys think ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FmXltMkWDwM http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_CpEpPbc4g8 lol , i couldn't even get myself to kill somebody who was actively trying to kill me . i just couldn't lol . but yeah , it probably would solve some problems lol . nope , he definitely does not lol . he may pretend too , but in the end he always believes hes right . yeah , ive actually considered counseling before . it seems like it could be potentially ... lol , well thanks :D its always good to know there are people who actually do care :) . and i guess that goes along with your type as well lol . that's also another thing that made me feel ... lol , yeah i actually said that to my mom , but she just ignored me and told me to shut up so ... lol . guess ill try again when the social worker comes or i mean my brother will . lol thanks , yeah , actually a social worker is coming to our house automatically because of the run in with the cops , so maybe that will turn out well . also , my brother is being appointed an ... i appreciate the gesture , but ... i'm a little confused as to what you were trying to say lololol . as long as i'm not going to get arrested or something for kidnapping him i'm perfectly fine with taking him with me . then we'd deal with some of the legal issues later . my brother says he will go ... so this is a little embarrasing , because this incident made my family kinda looked like one of those gross families you see on cops but oh well here goes . my dad has npd and a few other personality ... when i was little i used to troll the lord of the rings forums under the alias bunghole baggins . i agree towards the beginning of the series he seemed very much xstj ( he was practically michaels lap dog ) but their was this point a couple seasons through where he became this independent schemer ... i dont think jim is an entp . hes either an isfp or istp . pam is an isfj . ryans character abruptly changed when he got promoted . he at first seemed intp then entj after the promotion . i ... the flaming lips baby ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0jTuKHKIT4w&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htQX4R9yHWc so true . i really am open to any type of music . but for some reason my friends thought i was the biggest dork when i was little because i was obsessed with funk music . heres a song i think ... lol , i guess thats a legitimate enough reason . i dont mind the hijacking . but i can tell you that their is already a thread about how f's can be just as rational as t's somewhere in these forums . but uhh .. yeah i wanna hear a good ... in debates it seems he only engages in them so that he can show off his verbal dexterity or his knowledge . ( a lot of the time its just that me and him literally end up not arguing about anything and ... yeah i guess it does . do you know of any other ways fi would manifest itself ? like maybe in everyday speech or actions or something ? lol . i dont mind you moved the thread lol . but to answer your questions for i vs . e . well i mean i dont know what else to say besides that he doesnt shut his face when we hang out . the more ... '