' hmmm , i would say that i would probably try not to get emotionally attached or have any expectations because it will only make me feel more pain ... but i'm curious , perhaps this person you speak of is ... i think it is honorable that you want to become a better person . the truth is though , as you change to find out who you really are or want to be , you will find yourself molding into somebody your ... hi there guys , i know infp's in literature tend to be heroes . i was wondering though , what famous fictional villains do you think may have been infps . also what do you think would drive an infp to ... i think i know what you mean . i think being too politically correct is a pain . too much political correctness can lead to some oppression ( which defeats it's own cause ) ... lol perhaps this isnt what ... i have seen tradition do great things . i've also seen human traditions that can hurt a person forever . i guess it depends on the tradition . if you had a list of things you hate , what would those be ? i hate : small talk pity feeling that i havent done my best ( i want to give my child the world but sometimes feel limited in my ... so im a married young mom with no car in a driving based state . i wait for my hubby to take me everywhere and i dont have any friends . im more than okay with that as i love my small family . however , ... so im a married young mom with no car in a driving based state . i wait for my hubby to take me everywhere and i dont have any friends . im more than okay with that as i love my small family . however , ... i believe in god . he gives us a will though . there are somethings that are fate and somethings that are a result of our will . they intertwine . amen to that . why do you say harder to approach ? just curious it is when my husband ( who is my soulmate ) and i become one in body . you see , animals mate casually with whom they can . true love is passionate only about it's true other half . the half of my ... very true . you can love someone yet be bored to death hearing them speak . glad i'm not alone . i'm sure my family still love me as well . i love them too . maybe that's why i expect too much . yeah . i gotta stop reading between the lines for my own good lol . lool you made me laugh . that actually happens quite often to me which makes me think , hey it happens to everyone . perhas i was being a bit selfish . i love you guys on this forum . thank you . that advise is actually exactly what i needed . i have always had the feeling that certain people in my life ( family members ) did not want me . i still have that feeling when it comes to certain people . i'd give examples but i dont wanna bore you ... publilius syrus i have often regretted my speech , but never my silence . ... “ i often regret that i have spoken ; never that i have been silent . ” tryy and not to get emotional and angry infront of them . i dont want them to see my weakness . i avoid them as much as i can . also sometimes silence speaks louder than words . just staring at them in ... your soulmate ... the one your take your vows seriously with .. i'm not into the love on tv ( from one person to another and another ) . i dont like rinse and repeat partners . i like the romeo and ... with all honesty all i can say is that it's salvation your own and others.love with all your self when your here in this world and pray and look out for your own soul and others people's ... ive had people who would fall asleep listening to me speak . i've had others who thought i was very insightful or interesting especially my writing , fashion , or humor ( depends who is listening i guess ) ... could not have said it better a friend is someone who can see you broken and wont judge you by that brokeness and can be the backbone for you when they see you falling apart.it ' s not someone who can just be there during the haha ... certain peopl can just strike a cord in your soul sometimes . i'm glad he found his children at last.what a very loving and kind thing to say . haha i didn't know anyone else here wanted their own farm ... i'm begining to feel that the people on this forum are almost blood related ... it's so nice to see people that are so alike and yet come ... i think you are showing signs of depression friend ... i think maybe it is steming from not finding a job which can hit a man very hard as men by nature want to be useful ... you are also an infp ... just ... what makes an infp and infp ? do infps tend to have a painful or lonely past / childhood ? what do you think ? library , church , charity work .. or personality cafe silly ! . i'm married to my soulmate whos an istj ... knock on wood ... he's perfect for me because he has everything i lack ... it is an opposites attract kind of thing ... he's smart and solid .. i'm more of a heads ... besides running into screen doors and hitting my head apon entering a car ( several times ) , pushing the actual number on the elevator floor as opposed to the buttons , flirting with my paper boyfriend ... dear friend , nothing in this world is worth throwing away the gift of life over by your own hands . you have a lot of love and potential to offer others and in so you will get peace too . sex , ... i'll answer once you guys answer first i love my istj man because he makes my world a lot more happy ... my soulmate .. the other half of my heart ... the guy who makes my heart beat out of my chest ... i love him so much ... to my istj ... lol i have ten more 1.reality tv 2porn / the sex industry 3.most music made today 4.gaining weight 5.people that abuse power 6.cute shoes that hurt too much 7.when people pick their nose ... 1.evil/hatred/sin 2.hypocrasy 3.betrayl 4.cruelty 5.separation 6.death 7.seeing people broken 8.fear 9.arguing and conflict 10.doubt you see fellow infp , i highly doubt minorities especially little children would provoke people whom they know are angered easily would do so on purpose . i think one of the kids also cant read or ... if i prayed god that all men should approve of my conduct , i should find myself a penitent at the door of each one , but i shall rather pray that my heart may be pure towards all . x92 just read this : two coptic christian children arrested for allegedly urinating on koran in egypt | fox news i just read this and it breaks my heart . this is a witch hunt . how can i help ? ... i dont know if you will benefit from this advice but i used to go to a coptic priest for confession who was a well known exorcist . i told him i was sick of people's judgments towards me . he told me ... society is becoming selfish more , depraved , immoral , and evil by the day . good , honest , loving people are way too few ... too much heartbreak ... i sometimes wonder about life back in the day for people . i agree that roberta is an infp ... so i've gone through a lil bit of a rough patch in my life right now ... i just don't feel like talking to family . they take that personally . they get bored by me and try to make excuses and leave when ... i dream about many things from being queen of the nile , living in different eras , reaching my educational goals to simple things like discovering the ever mysterious yet sensational organic products ... i'm not sure why . if it's people i'm close to , they see the true me and i'm not afraid to reveal my thoughts or at least most of my thoughts but with other people and the whole socializing thing , i ... no ... ive never been anything else other than me in my dreams from what i can remember ... i hate dreams ... most of mine are nightmares haha books are a delight that i cant really enjoy right now because i'm busy ... however , ill take the library or a bookstore anyyy day over things like happy hour or bars ... call me old but books make ... beyond belief fact or fiction ... i love lucy ... third rock from the sun ... the simpsons ... hello , when reading news , my eye is always attracted to the saddest stories and i am always left feeling so sad after ... sometimes for days ... one story even left me sad for months and kinda ... '