' the entx fascination among infjs seems to be as obsession experienced by the female of our type . i can't say that i share your love for the entjs , but it's wonderful that you've found fulfillment ... to be fair , i think most disney movies have some pretty weighty themes . ol ' walt himself was a man troubled by serious demons of his own , and the iconic first five pictures he did were some heavy ... it pains me to write this , but xstj parents are among the most difficult for infj kids to have . we simply aren't very well-equipped for their style of parenting , harsh and jarring as it can ... ah dont be likin them eye enn eff jays cuz thay aint got no bility to werk in tha crimnel justiss sistum . because they're not entps ... no way , they're isfps all the way . no such boxers-or-briefs dichotomy exists among infjs . sociability in this temperament ( as in all others ) is informed by everything from our culture , to our life experiences , to our physical being . ... i'm kinda with you . things can't go along for long without a shakeup of sorts . yes , chronically . there's a sense of being alone that has plagued me from my earliest memories . i even remember seeking that out oat times , deliberately refusing to participate in family activities ... she's likely wondering if she can really trust you with herself , her real self , the one she reveals only to her closest cohorts . entps can come off as incredibly glib and unfeeling to infjs . i ... the best roommates are silence and a big stack of unread books . otherwise , if you must cohabitate with mammals , get a shepherd dog and an orange cat . wouldn't want to be a t-type , really . if i had to pick ? ah ... maybe an entj . i feel that sense of decisiveness very strongly , and i admire the visionary leader who can see beyond the reach of the ... lots of furtive stares , awkwardly transparent attempts at stalking , nervous exchanges , and dilated pupils . honestly , if he's talking to you a lot and seems hopelessly awkward sometimes , he's ... i don't know that you can trace this to any one function . i would say this relates directly to infjness , given that this is the temperament that most readily practices inductive reasoning , that is , ... no one allowed anything to happen . the supposition that wwii was allowed to happen implies both that people knew precisely the future result of the events in the late ' 30s and that they had the ... the weirdness is what endears me to isfps . great question . i lived my first 25 years or so flowing with the current of strongly s types who raised me and who were my friends in my youth . i put a great deal of effort into playing sports , ... i have a lot of experience with this , and i will tell you , you cannot solve anything with an aggrieved isfp until they're ready to dig into it with you . silent treatment time is when they're mulling ... i work in the biggest corporation of all , the u . s . government . i worked in private corporations at some point in the hazy past . not sure which was worse ... i will say that from my experience , entps too often allow their egos to lead them in their interactions with others . entps readily practice a whole array of the dark interpersonal arts , from ... oh absolutely ! i use more gestures per minute than most people . i've had people tell me to tone it down , but mostly i get laudatory reviews for my public speaking . when we reach down deep , infjs ... not well . populations eventually reach the carrying capacity of their habitat . when this happens , a crash is imminent . unique talents ... hmmm ... i don't know about unique , but i can barefoot waterski . it may be more crazy than unique , but anyhow , there it is . as far as sports goes , i love to play numerous sports ... in my experiences these two types are quite easy to differentiate . the diversion between lead fe and ni is broad with far-reaching manifestations in real life . i love this . feels like i haven't heard the term emotional vampire since watching some winona ryder movie in the ' 90s . i don't think there's any real issue here other than mismatched ... very loyal , but with a wandering mind , if not eye . loyalty is actually my # 1 most important virtue in a relationship . i will not parley with anyone who does not have my proverbial back to the ... experience has taught me that this is very true . the more one looks for satisfaction externally , the more one needs to find it within himself . my mom spent most of her life looking for the next ... i think it's a bit reductionist , really . hell , there are people who think that a temperament theory with 16 taxa is ridiculously narrow . in reality , the guys who get a lot of sex are the guys ... no reason for you to get so upset . and for what it's worth , i may , in fact , be crazy , but don't blame drugs . i can't fucking stand drugs or addicts . growing up with an alcoholic parent cured me of ... because dave keirsey , an entp , met and married an infj woman , and so consecrated their relationship as the pinnacle to which all mankind should aspire . then he wrote a book that everyone read in ... yes , mostly negative ones . i don't think entps are great matches for infj guys , at least not in my experience . i think infj guys are usually put off by entps ' need to show us that we're wrong , and ... yeah , culture has everything to do with our social experiences . american culture is miles away from japan or scandinavia as it concerns romantic interactions . those are very soft cultures , whereas ... i meant to add , regarding game , i'm not a believer in that , but guys wouldn't buy into it if it didn't work to some degree . you even said yourself that some of the infjs you knew failed because ... you must remember that the conundrum of fe is that we care about our place in our social environment . we want to fit in to some degree , which doesn't make sense to strong fi users . you all are much ... the reality of being an infj male is that most of our experiences tell us that who we are is not masculine and certainly not attractive to women . this lesson is taught consistently throughout our ... i agree with what you've written about infj issues with compatibility . finding true understanding is the chore all infx types face in relationships . but i don't think your faith in the broad appeal ... i've never advocated dismissing people based on mbti type . but if one believes that mbti has merit--i'm guessing you do since you're here--then one must believe there are patterns that inflect ... this is actually a tough match to make work , much tougher than it would seem on paper . that fe-fi tug-of-war can be brutal . most strong fi users come to see infjs as being highly manipulative ... if you honestly think that istjs are attracted in general to infjs , then you don't understand either type at all . that much is clear . it's very obvious that you got upset that i disagreed , given ... you got a bit hot over the fact that i disagreed with you , so i'd say you should take your own advice . either way , i'm not interested in playing the dozens , i just wanted to have a discussion about ... i can see that the infj guys you've met weren't the only immature parties in your relationships . there aren't many worse matches for infj guys than literal , no-bullshit istjs and fi monsters like infps . i don't even think intps are a great romantic match , though they make fantastic intellectual ... i'd say that , generally speaking , you're right . we aren't a first choice for anyone , but then , most types aren't . there isn't any big demand for curmudgeonly istjs , floaty infps , or chug-and-blow ... fe is really the way we interact with the world , because introverted intuition is so personal to us . after all , it's a unique view of the world that's privy to us and us alone . so ni really does us ... i keep to myself because i've come to the realization over time that i want no personal interaction with 99 % of humanity . i doorslam when i've reached the end of my patience with someone , and i ... i do love that program . never miss it at the holidays . it's got this amazing combination of kitsch and philosophy that is so rare , the sentimental with the profound . that's certainly right in my ... in my experience , if you aren't sure , then you're not infj . all the infjs i've known first read the type description as though it were a blueprint to themselves . there are tons of mistyped infjs ... if you have strong fe , you will notice flirtation very readily . the problem , i think , is that of cynicism when it comes to relationships . people are all so jaded now that they laugh at the very ... i love it , too . we try to attend a christmas chorale concert every year , and i'm constantly listening to my classic albums by andy williams , tony bennett , and nat cole . my only issue is that some ... an intp giving social advice to ... anyone ? now that's a new one . '