' funnily , kant could be considered everything but simple to read and understand , this is literally hardcore philosophy , though very interesting i agree . ( tis too late here to anwser to the main ... i can relate , when i know i'm going to try a new hobby ( again ... ) soon , like trying a new sport / activity on holidays or something like this , if i'm thrilling in advance about it , the curiosity ... interestingly , you didn't get much istps reply . my opinion why : this whole story is alien / impossible to relate to for istps , and also this guys is not an istp at all , to me at least , from the way ... that is actually a particullarly subtle still spot on and concise general definition of the istp stereotype . and i agree istp also expect this trait from other people , it is a reciprocal expectation . fictional character mbti type are also fictional , it is interesting to see that they often display incistent type and so , incosistant personality which would almost never exist irl . this is a ... that was some epic high level necrothreading , from the date of the last reply to this thread , it is more than likely that almost everyone who participated in it 6 years ago ( a whole geological era ... ( please forgive my spelling / writing style , english is not my native language ) i personnaly think that his initial reaction seems a little over the top considering the offense , at least if he ... good rock and gorgeous ladies , both at the same time is even better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qJC4RUBbtpE most conspiracy theories can be explained more simply by just taking human stupidity and greediness into account , without the need to meet in secret societies . also it is almost impossible to ... i totally agree with all the ancient of the forum here , although i can be very sterotypical , i'm a kind of intellectual nerd able to have great thinking time with intps and still i'm totally fond of ... if only i could give you a stockpile of thanks ... this is gold , english is not my main language , and i've always been so bad at written expression that it feels so good to read someone express what ... i have not much to add over what saturnian said about overthinking , the very istp ti-ni loop is a kind of analysis paralysis in itslef . i actually scores as an ixtp , tests give me an 51/49 s / n ... brain cells never renew and you the new connection / neuron death ratio goes in favor of neuron death during the twentieth , same goes for every other cells , as dna self-correction system start to fails ... i sometime use this analogy that mbti , like any other psychological theory , is merely an empirical 2d guess of a multidimensional object . merely a tool among others to scratch the surface of ... can relate ... things get weird when you start to feel you've said everyting possible and being only repeating yourself.also feels creepy when the frequency is too high . it does , and that is an interesting statement per se . imo , there is no definite theory of personnality yet , i think neither jung nor meyer-briggs nor freud , or any other theory like behaviorism , ... some more points : in mirror / shadow functions theory ( kersey temperament ) , stressed state is the one you get into when your normal functions fails . the 6th point is not really about functions , ... tests are good starting point but nothing more , they are mostly based on stereotyped traits and tends to fail to precisely determinate the cognitive functions . so after taking all those tests the ... same as you , my doom is if i sleep more than 10 hours in a row , i get a guaranted headach that last until the next day . on a side note , it is sadly fun how this sentence could imply that one had to leave is interests behind when in a relationship ... most people have at least a tiny bit of stage fright that doesn't last long when on . but in his case , from what i read and unless you exagerated his behavior about it ( otherwise please ignore ... 1 . make it known that you seat when you pee 2 . gain access to female coworkers toilets as non peeing everywhere obnoxious male when the man's are full 3 . ... 4 . profit ! i'm asking because , beside ad hominem attacks or defamation directly aimed toward me , nothing seems able to offend me . also , this has become a meme for americans : ... it is not premonition in the usual paranormal sense , we just have keen sight , particularly about how and why things will turn bad . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DO0kxKMHIA boy do i hate ... i agree with both of you and jb nobody , i'm still too young to accept this kind of situation and raise some unknown cuckoo's litter , but i know this kind of perspective can obvioulsy change when you ... thanks to some lobbies , repression level and the amount of automated and suprise controls in some parts of my country for crossing speed limit is so over the top that taking the risk is really not ... 402026 sorry , much need , such had to , so wow . more seriously welcome to the forum , and good luck with your crush . you didn't asked any question so don't wait much answer from istps , we tends ... smartphones : making man seat to pee since 2007 i totally relate ... also i cry hard when the dog dies in movies , like in i am legend , otherwise it don't really happens . isn't this common to all guys ? although this behavior evolve as time goes by and some mistakes are done . same here ... i learned to read in a month , math where easy as hell for all elementary school , only writting was not my thing , and so i put very little effort into it and my handwritting was so bad my ... more reliable source : the relationship among attention-deficit / hyperactivity disorder ( adhd ) , personality type and creativity in adults using the myers-briggs type indicator ( mbti ) and the ... in my country , it is only recognised since ... this year , and the controversy is still very high . also i retroactively see school designed to suit xntx rather than xxsj , at least in high school ... i'm totally fine to admit when i'm wrong , i can even feel happy in some sense because it mean i learned something new , and i won't hold any grudge or vexation from it . now if you are serving me ... i like intps , although i'm definitively se secondary , my s / n score is very even , also , the more i stay with them the more i need to see my estp friend later ^ ^ . depressed skull fracture when i was a child , cubitus / radius broken in middle school , with a 90 ° angle ( that was kinda fun to see ! ) shot myself in the leg with a 10 meter competition air pistol ... sorry i was not trying at all to say that you where maybe being envious . in fact this is exactly what i meant with the word jealousy , used in it specific sense ( fear to lose ) , wich is ... well , yes , but with a lot of cheese ! you like to play with word definition : source : wikipedia . source : oxford dictionary but what is really ironical is how you seem to be the only one not grasping your own contradictions maybe hurt self-esteem ? , the 30s can be anxiogene for somes , i felt bad for some month when it happened to me , you may feel that the best years are behind , you know your body has already passed ... it was indeed intended as a joke ;) thats psychiatry for you , at least in my country where psychology ( social science ) ! = psychiatry ( medicine ) . the psychiatrist think you are depressed because your brain chemestry is not working as ... indeed , you just said anyone who does have a different opinion than yours is an idiot ... if i may quote you from another thread : now , that is ironic . who wouldn't ? more seriously , if you refeer to the big 5 personality theory , any high introvert is suffering from social anxiety , since big 5 is totally biased toward corrrelating introvert as ... what strikes me is why do you feel so concerned about your friend endeavor ? she seems to be a good friend of you and i understand why you feel concerned , but why so much ? to the point you need to ... i see what you did there ... dear unhealthy istp friend , it's fine with me to be edgy for the sake of fun , otherwise you are not a mysterious and intersting lone wolf understood by no one , just a jerk hurting others , and itself ... i've been through 2 years of depression in my early twenties , associated with anxiety and acute agoraphobia that appeared one day to the next . neither my close friends i was speending all my we with ... let say it is playing with theory after having looked for a lot of ( sometimes contradictory ) claims from various source , like those ones : http://i.imgur.com/Oh5Di.jpg as you can see , ... there is a middle ground between overanalysing yourself and totally refusing to take a look in the mirror . one cannot progress in term of personnal development without a bit of introspection , it ... '