' i am a native speaker in english and french and i've been learning dutch for the last 3 years . i would never be anything else than an isfp ! but i'll admit that i sometimes wish that i could have the people skills of an enfj or the efficency of an estj but at the end of the day i love myself ... estj's , do you get more frustrated with ti , fe or fi ? exactly what i was about to say . just because a function is is shadowed doesn't mean it is suppresed . everyone uses fe , ni , te , ... regardless of function order , it's just that the four first are most ... isfj most likely to be liked isfp's can be mysterious in their intentions because they don't always analyze their relationships as much as some ixfj's do which can be confusing for other types . if i were you , i wouldn't question ... i don't see how this could be an indication of fe . do you mean when he says he wants to be part of a family ? or how he wants to see his mother's family again ? at best this could show signs of fe but ... the fact that op cares about being popular may simply have to do with being an extrovert or not . i have met several exfp's who cared about social status just as much as a stereotypical xxfj would .  ... i found ne really obvious too . for fi , i could show numerous example but the most striking one ( for me anyway ) seems to be this one : i also have strong believes , and i usually stick to my guns and i ... actually . i used to think that a lot but then i realized that exfp's can look a lot like fe doms because some of them always care about making others feel comfortable , at ease , ... which tends to be ... to be free from school . forever . yeah , i don't really get along with them ( in general ); but i think that the biggest issue between the two types is fe vs fi . i've experienced this with my infj friend who , despite her great ... infp :) i love ni but i have a lot of difficulties understanding.unlike my other functions , i never imediatly realize i'm using it . i suppose some of you may have been surprised when seeing the title since these are two very different types . yet , i can relate extremely well to both . here are my arguments for each : type 2w1 ... i think the biggest difference is that fe accuses fi of being uncooperative and unsympathetic while fi accuses fe of being unauthentic and hypocritical . aphrodite was very attracted to beautiful things ( and people ) which is more of an xsxp thing i guess . she doesn't really seem to use ti so i vote for xsfp i started typing with mbti a week after taking the test but at first i was only basing myself on the four preferences and it took me a month to fully understand the cognitive process . i haven't tried ... hi ! i was wondering if you could list again all the types you just mentioned and write the reasons on why you could be one of these types . good luck :) i think it could work well but i've heard that fi tends to wear off ti users ( of course it's not always the case ) . in my experience ne and se users work well together but you're extroverted side may ... maybe you should try to find the root of your mental issues ( unless you already know it ? ) . in one of your previous threads , you mention being teased . is that what made you feel depressed ? if you have ... i'd like to start first by saying that i am so sorry for you ( break ups are always hard ) . i completely understand how you're feeling , but if there's anything i've learned in life is that you can be ... isfp fi the dominant function of isfp's , fi is based on internal values and acts on their own desires . se the auxiliary function of isfp's , se is very aware of their surroundings , lives in ... welcome :) ! just wondering , have you taken the cognitive function test ? usa :D epends on which state but mostly xsxj canada : xsfj mexico : isfj uk : ixtj ireland : enfp australia : estp new zealand : isfj france : entp switzerland : intp germany : estp now that you mentioned it , i kinda see it too but i really feel like he's a fe user . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mHOS4bhNGJw definitely a se user ( most likely xstp ) young regina has very strong inner values and is often in touch with her own feelings . again , this is just a vibe that i got from her which i could be mistaking for si ( si can easily be mistyped as ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? isfp 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) enfj : very smart people , great achievers and very charismatic estj : one ... also her need for approval and ability to read people well is very fe-like . at some point in the show she was so desperate to be loved that she was willing to throw a spell at henry to make him love ... here are the people i consider to be esfj's : - oprah ( could also be an enfj ) - channing tatum - hugh jackman - halle berry - sjp - possibly zac efrom - woody from toy story - snow white in a relationship , estj's can be reluctant to change opinions and views they have fixated in the past . but as the relationship becomes deeper and trusting , they may be open to new ideas they have ... i think it has to do with te being the auxiliary function and si the dominant one . the auxilary function is usually held back by the dominant one and tends to process things more internally . of ... as an outsider to other people's conflicts , i am very objective and can help in a logical and practical way . in an argument , i'll start panicking , especially when this person has an in your face ... esxp : mdma / alcohol ixtp : weed ixfp : heroin / weed isxj : morphine / cocaine enxp : lsd / shrooms extj : meth exfj : alcohol / cigarettes inxj : heroin 3w2 ( i'm a 2w1 ) welcome :) infp's and isfp's can be extremely similar on the surface due to fi being their dominant function . assuming that you're new to this , fi or introverted feeling is the dominant function in ... she is definitely isxj . i can't even imagine her being an infj . her si is so dominant that the only way for her to move on was to runaway from arendelle and cut loose with everything in relation to ... healthy enfj's :( they are kind but not too sensitive , smart but not arrogant , organized but not controlling , social but not needy , etc ... of course these are stereotypes but literally every enfj i've ... f i s p but i absolutely hate my i i completely understand how you feel but i'm almost sure that your friend didn't mean to hurt your feelings in any way . maybe you should try talking to him ? us , isfp's don't always make our feelings ... i'm surprised that an infp could be mistyped as an infj since these types have zero functions in common ( fi-ne-si-te vs ni-fe-ti-se ) . i think that the most likely mistype is an infj who is actually ... yay ! another isfp :) welcome . i don't know for sure ... it would sound too cliche to go for freedom so i'm going to chose the money :D a few months ago , i used to think i was infp until i read about the functions and i realized i didn't really relate to ne . se and ni on the other hand , described me more accurately . i love xnfp's ! they're so soft spoken and passionate . even though enfp's can be insensitive and infp's a bit unaware of others , they never stop mesmerizing me ! thank you so much :D no more gushiness ! i promise : tongue : thanks a lot ! i'm still not 100 % sure but i definitely will take your point in consideration . i checked your link out and i could relate to this : i sometimes feel like i deserve more credit than i get but i usually don't care , if someone didn't appreciate my help , i'll be offended for ... welcome ! :) '