' yeah , what darky said , steam always has a wide selection of ' free-to-play ' games . oddly enough , you have to look at the ' genre ' drop-down list to find them . i've personally tried forsaken world ... that would be a challenge seeing as how there have been so few female mass-murderers . studies show women are apparently 9 times less prone to violence than men . i for one don't think of myself as thick-skinned when it comes to insults , i just don't care that much because they don't change the facts of the debate or the points in question . but yeah , some ... ad hominem attacks are usually a tell-tale sign of a weak case : wink : i've seen many debates , most are a true pleasure for one's intellect . rare exceptions are when one side bases their entire ... if my reply would be the fact that i've noticed this attitude from people who don't know that much about the particular subject , than maybe that would be seen as an ad-hominem attack :) but in my ... nothing particularly wrong with it , it's just one of those attitudes one doesn't really use in real life ; well , at least not literally . mother tongue : hungarian second language : english third language : romanian i think hatred for women should be taken off the list . there are numerous serial killers who didn't just select women . women might be targeted simply for being easier to capture / kill . if it's necessary yes , if not , no . but what did he discover ? there's no hijacking in science : laughing : one person learns from another , proves or disproves or improves the other's findings / explanations . i just don't see why mengele's work was so ... as with all discoveries , some things are proven right while others are proven wrong . what is it exactly the mengele's research showed ? because as far as i can tell , the only thing he's noted for is ... that's a very incorrect perspective . why is mendel's work useless by modern standards ? because he used peas : laughing : by what logic did you come to this conclusion ? they aren't justified or condemned . these are events that took place in the past and , later on , happen to have had benefits . i doubt any modern geneticist would condone his methods . most of this was ... [ quote = alchemical romance ; 237281 ] imanuel kant said that somethings are simply wrong he didn't define it to a t he devised a system . for example if you are a police officer you have a set of rules ... i haven't seen the movie but i am planning to now that i've read your post : happy : as far as the ethical issue goes , in my opinion , ethical relativism is the only one that makes sense seeing as ... sorry if i offended you . it wasn't my intention . please feel free to post more atheist jokes . i can laugh at the mistakes of both sides you know : happy : my username is sort of a spin-off from the alien movies . the second stage of the alien's life-cycle is called a chestburster . i wanted to put a more original spin on it , ergo chestbuster . i used ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iF49zBMi5N0 : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpqPR2Tv5Sc i am the one , orgasmatron , the outstretched grasping hand my image is of agony , my servants rape the land obsequious and arrogant , clandestine and ... i think i might have found a mate for him : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj3iNxZ8Dww that bear was in the tree for a reason : spying on under-aged youth : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dh6wtATgJRs you probably misunderstood . watch both series , you'll see what i mean . basically it's like this : the animated series is considered to be for a younger audience as it meets the requirements for ... he doesn't seem to be the idealist batman is . of course , the two shows are targeted at a completely different audience but still , the similarities are impressive . a strange fact occurred to me one of these days . i recently started watching dexter ( dexter ( 2006 ) ) and i noticed that there are some similarities between him and batman . the main difference being ... i agree with 99 % of that : crazy : the 1 % being not passing judgement . all ideas in the world are scrutinized starting from political ideas , to social norms , to philosophies , to art ... everything ... more on this : scientists and atheism - freethoughtpedia perhaps it was nothing like that , perhaps the universe goes through cycles of life and death along with everything in it , perhaps there are several universes , perhaps they are all part of a system , ... sorry i forgot to add this : i'd correct you on maybe one thing : atheists don't necessarily believe these things . physicists , astronomers , geologists , chemists , biologists etc . believe these ... that is , basically , the current scientific understanding , based on the evidence so far . but i'd say the box of legos would be a bad analogy , given the fact that it can't reproduce itself . the ... there's evidence to suggest that , within a suitable environment , organic chemicals can form at least some of the nucleotides of rna and dna . it doesn't take much of a leap of faith to say this ... it's a popular misconception that life came into existence by chance . in fact , the current scientific theories are much more complex than that . i think i liked storm the best from the x-men . my diet is composed primarily of milk by-products , meat , pasta and some plants . i like all animals but i'm not against farming or hunting them for food , although i am against killing them for sport ... first off : good videos , marino ! second : i was a bit hesitant to post here , mainly because i thought the thread was about comparing religious ideas : laughing : looks like it turned into something a ... well , the only thing i could add to this is that i found infps tend to hide their true selfs when it comes to very personal matters or when their position on an issue is contested . they often try to ... a great tribute to one of my favorite series : youtube - a tribute to batman the animated series i think the best thing about the creature in alien is that it's a completely viable extraterrestrial life form . not to mention the fact that similar behavior can be found in nature ( i . e . parasitic ... youtube - the emperor's phone call http://www.gametrailers.com/user-movie/passion-2-crucify-this-family/135958 a progressive metal band i use to be really in to , you might have heard of them . youtube - mastodon - march of the fire ants some other sci-fis i like : the alien quadrilogy ( how could i forget these ? ) the matrix trilogy the cube trilogy and i must say , i'd love it if they made a half-life movie . who's with me ? ... if i had to pick between stargate and the x-files i'd go with stargate . but that's only because i haven't seen much of the x-files . star wars remains my favorite sci-fi , followed closely by star ... i personally enjoyed the soundtrack of id software's prey as performed by jeremy and julian soule also , the music from world of warcraft is highly enjoyable as well as valve's portal game , ... like grey said , this depends largely on what series you watched or what comics you read . i , for one , found the 1992 batman : the animated series to be wonderful . it wasn't like any other ... a similar performance by none other than the u . s . s . enterprise's commander , captain kirk . and people wonder why patrick stewart replaced him : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NN3MGN899yE lol @ 3:00 : laughing : nature's a cruel mistress : laughing : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sHzdsFiBbFc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-j8Bql4vw8c more video game violence : tongue : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mB6fq9Aadwk ... raping churches ... burning women ... roflmao : crazy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0YOh-rpvjYg '