' yeah , she is super tricky . camilla has severe co-dependency issues and probably has some form of depression , so it's hard to find where her issues end and her personality begins . i can definitely ... i'm not sure what you feel like you have to prove to me , because i'm aware i can't diagnose people since i have no professional experience in diagnosing mental illnesses . that's why i said i had ... vibes , i guess . might just be projecting because my biological father is a narcissist ( medically diagnosed , mind you ) . that stare op is talking about is one i've seen before from my biological ... absolutely the right thing to do . kudos to you . unless he has addressed his issues ( which , being a narcissist , he probably believes he has none ) , he isn't worth your time . x is definitely a full-blooded narcissist . i wouldn't say he's a psychopath or a sociopath , though . keep him out of your life . who better to relate to total psychopaths than an intj ? i bet ... here are my ideas on the mbti of every playable 1st gen character in fates : neutral : corrin : enfj azura : infp felicia : isfj jakob : istj silas : esfj kaze : infj or intj , not really sure please don't doubt your intelligence and intellect based upon your mbti type , or vice-versa . you are a smart person who happens to be isfj , not an isfj who happens to be a smart person . well , i'm not entirely sure that loops actually exist , since i don't 100 % think that the functions work in the way that the theory behind loops describes them . but i guess for all intents and ... hmm . well , he can't be intp or infj , because both of those require fe . the only inxx types he could be are infp and intj based on fi alone , but i don't think those are very good fits . i see your ... not an mbti thing . cut him out of your life . well , takumi definitely has fi in my opinion . he is hard shell with gooey insides : the character . but he is not the most proficient at using it . in many of his supports , he has no idea what to do ... ggghhhoooooo fuck ... fuuuck hhhhhh uuuoooooohhh ... whichever one is blandest . how much did you sell your soul for ? you wouldn't last a second as a bowl welder . hahaha holy shit it's probably the type descriptions on mbti popularizing websites . we are the cold , analytical robots . always rational . always intelligent . always unemotional . beep borp , feed me information and i ... i've only ever been called rude seriously by my parents , but that's pretty frequently . most people i've met have told me they think i'm one of the most kind , warm , and / or empathetic people they ... i honestly consider myself to be so strong in feeling that i frequently question whether or not i am intj . from what i've seen in the intj forums and what i've been told in my own typing thread , this ... i say intj . here are the function stacks for intj and infj : intj ni - te - fi - se infj ni - fe - ti - se well , i'm still not 100 % sure . all i know is that i most likely don't use si , which means i use ni and se . i'm trying to figure out if i use fe or fi , which i can easily go either way on . but i've ... very true ; i'm merely jealous . will you be my senpai ? in honor of sun and moon's starters being revealed , my brother and i are doing a wonderlocke race of pokemon x . we each have 6 completely randomized pokemon thanks to wonder trade , and those are the ... kansas most definitely sucks ass . but is that derogatory anymore ? eating ass is a meme . creative apostrophes are basically cheating . i don't use ne--intj . but i see i'm fine . carry on , my wayward son . i still misunderstand that post . care to elaborate on that ? i don't mean to offend . it was mostly in jest . takes one to know one . there , am i doing well ? not sure what you mean by that , chum . i have a few friends whom i have fantastic chemistry with , but to call any of them a mindmate would be a stretch . we're more like mind enemies who just love each other despite our drastically ... every girl has rape fantasies . it started as a joke , but now i think i actually believe it . whoops . intjs are the wackier twin of the ints . if you're looking for the overly serious , no fun allowed , ' i am in intellectual ' type of person , i'm sure you'll find plenty of them over at the intp forums ... the four toed creed fried eggz whew , thanks for the reassurance . i consider myself typed for now . thanks for all the help . i'm gonna continue my research until i can understand mbti and cognitive ... the four toed creed haha , i'm starting to figure out what makes me so reluctant to accept intj as my type--i really just can't relate to this such a rational , emotionless , scientific human being ... glad i'm not the only one who noticed that . seems like a subtle disrespect . but to be fair , it is her husband's surname . and yes , it is a politician thing , but she seems more blatant with it ... she's got the consistency of steam and the genuineness of a mall goth who calls himself a sociopath on internet forums . plus it's kind of a meme to hate her , i guess . probably also has to do with ... infp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00PdHIPjaWQ the four toed creed kaboshace hmm , well ... i'm mostly confident in my decision with intj , but i am not 100 % sure i don't have fe yet . i just find my emotions too written on my face to be an intj . i ... whoa , nelly . your problems are with you , not with the intj . this is beyond the normal advice most people here can give you . this may be a psychology forum , but i doubt most of us here are literal ... eh . it's not very important at all . the four toed creed hey , thanks again for all your help . ^ ^ sorry that i made things super complicated , haha . i think the only reserve i have with the intj typing is that i am very , very ... the four toed creed kaboshace haha , so while this is definitely frustrating , i'm glad i'm not the only one who is confused about this . to make things more simple , i'll just list off every ... the four toed creed hmmm , so looking at that link you gave to describe the functions ( super helpful ! ! thank you ) , i find myself torn between si and se . i often reference the past , but i'm pretty ... hey , thanks to the both of you for your input . i'll respond to what you guys have to say individually . the four toed creed you're totally fine , my dude ! glad you got to it at all . and no , you ... oh also , i'm not really sure if i have fe or fi . i like to consider myself considerate towards others and open with how i feel among friends , but i'm also fairly self-interested emotionally . i can ... you're quite fine , haha . i should probably be getting to bed anyway since it's 4 am where i live and i've got work in the morning . your computer better actually be super , because i'm totally ... thanks for the kind words , my dude . and yeah , lol , i can't believe no one snatched this name up yet . if you can figure out my type , you can be my right-hand man after i stage my coup . and i ... hey , so i'm having trouble looking at myself and my personality qualities objectively . the best insight into who you are often comes from those who observe you when you're honest , so here i go with ... i'm not sure if i'm allowed to bump this or not , but i'm still very confused about my type and would like some more input on this . '