' thank you very much . it's true , we never are , we are always becoming . :p roud : during a high school assembly towards the end of my senior year , there was a opportunity for people to come up and talk about whatever it was they needed to get off their chest . i had been bullied ... officially became a vegetarian last year . i understand where you're coming from , and i know this isn't easy . i can understand that your mother is hurting very deeply . there is a lot of hurt here , and you are handling it heroically and ... well , i have different levels of anger . 1 . quiet , internalized . usually fades and is forgotten . it normally doesn't get much further than this . 2 . quiet , passive-aggressive . 3 . shouty , tense ... even the criticism i specifically ask for can sting like a motherfricker . criticism shouldn't ever be confused for derision , that's how i feel about that sort of thing . if it sounds like she's ... i totally see what you mean about entjs . my entj friend is good at everything i suck at . it's truly admirable . my boyfriend is an intj , and we tend to waffle about values and all that . i've ... i've been curious about figuring out what types new zealand musicians neil and tim finn are . i forgot all about it until someone asked the intuitive musician about them , and he hadn't typed them . ... i keep them in a cardboard box that once held beer from a liquor store . i met an intp who built a bookshelf specifically for his books . i found that heartwarming . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6jtZx9LNpAY i bought new headphones . this was the album i chose to test them . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zc8hbSM1zVo the stars are blazing like rebel diamonds cut out of the sun . hey , i find myself drawn to you , and i think you're cute ... but it's cool if you don't think i'm cute ... um , okay ... i'll be over here . i've been praised mostly for my intelligence ( academic achievements when i was younger , but people i run into tell me how smart i am all the time ) , but i've received a good amount of praise for my ... it was enough to inspire a song for me . i'm scared to death of things we do in the dark . you're a really grounded and sensible individual . after hearing about the guy wanting to intentionally get swallowed alive by an anaconda , and the whole dollar store evil stick thing , i'm really disturbed and uncomfortable and terrified , and i ... nts mostly . i tend to spend time with people who are far more rational than i am . i really enjoy herbal blends with peach , orange , and raspberry . green tea is my go-to , usually . first of all , i'm glad you're making an effort to reach out to us . intps aren't too bad , they got that inferior fe , which is great , you know , when they actually use it . - betrayal of any kind ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YSWIfX_MNCY good reading . i was wondering , how on earth are we supposed to get along with an fe / ni type ? that sounds exhausting . my current partner is an intj , and i can see why they would be great for enfps , but i am far too sensitive to deal with him most of the time . he's crazy in love with me , though . i walk most places . i've never quite learned how to drive , even though i'm nearly 25 . i have mixed feelings about finally getting my license and a car . i pick up others ' quirks and turn of phrase ... if i like it enough . i might also dress similarly to people close to me , but not in a state of wanting to emulate them , just because i want to be close ... there's a reason why penn & teller are so popular , ya know . anyway , that was an absolutely beautiful love story , very moving and heartwarming . i've only met one confirmed entj and she is drawn to ... if i'm not at home or work , you can find me wandering around town / random neighborhoods on foot . i really enjoy walking . a red knit thermal henley , a slightly oversized forest green cardigan , bootcut jeans , and big clunky brown shoes . i'm wearing a green knit beanie , and my hair is down , which it usually is on my off ... being used like a toy is a big one for me . : blushed : other than that , i get really hot and bothered when someone starts speaking in a highly intellectual manner ( the two types i'm most attracted ... i had straight as all throughout elementary school , but i really began struggling in middle school and high school ( until my senior year ) even in classes i once truly shined in , like english . home ... well , it's humanitarianism , nonetheless . i do get irritated by people who showcase their do-goodery for pats-on-the-back and well-done-sirs , bringing camera crews to photograph their good works ... i'm not an incredibly physical person , but i enjoy very long walks and hiking . i go through phases where i focus on workout routines and fitness , but the last time i did that was when i had no job . ... purple . specifically , all blue-toned shades of purple . i'm thinking the whole knowing what's going to offend them thing is introverted intuition , and studying the general mood of people to best address them is very much an extroverted feeling ... i do this all the time , even when i was younger . my mom told me it was ' not socially acceptable ' and to keep a private journal instead . i did that ... until i discovered my mother was reading my ... i don't fall very fast or very often , but when i do fall , i fall hard . i tend to fall for very detached , stoic , quiet people with hidden depths ( maybe because i want traits like that in my own life , ... i've always been incredibly sensitive . the word crybaby was often directed at me , probably heard it more than my actual given name . i'm so happy for you ! i've always thought as long as i'm making some kind of difference , great or small , then it's all worthwhile . the day i stop making a difference or finding myself living to ... this is exactly how i see it . i'm currently waiting tables ... it's a means to an end ( the goal is songwriting and performing music ) - but i find ways to minister to the needs of others , including my ... i'm starting to come to the place where i can accept myself as a beautiful person and not hate the person looking back at me . i think i like my face ... i might be out of my awkward phase for good ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TXndFmaZkwQ yeah , i'm not as upset as i was before . he is a bit younger than me ( i'm 24 , he's 21 ) so maybe that might have something to do with it . i know age isn't truly indicative of a person's maturity , but ... he's not an intj . he's an intp . it probably has everything to do with his religion and upbringing . also , i'm getting a huge vibe of immaturity coming from him . to be very honest with you all , ... i have an older coworker who talks to the intp about me all the time . according to her , he says that he thinks we'd be good together and that he's always thinking about me , and that it's a good thing ... okay . i'm back . same intp as before , increasingly interesting situation . so , everybody at work , for the longest time , has been saying that the intp and i should get together . both he and i skirted ... i am in the same boat . well , a similar one , at least . i'm in a relationship with an intj , and i have been with him for years . i care very much for him , but i have had many doubts about the ... yes , this . this completely . [ when coworkers are talking about something work-related :] oh ! guess what i read yesterday about something completely unrelated to this ... i also make terrible puns . i usually tell myself to ... feeling hopeful yet guilty . also tired . it's about 50 degrees f and overcast today , and i couldn't be more happier . when i'm performing with other musicians , like when i was playing guitar in a band , it wasn't so bad . i also wasn't the lead singer or anything ( lead singer was an isfp , btw ) . when i had to sing ... '