' no it's not harsh . it's simply a manner of speech and it's straight to the point . nope . that would mean i was passionate about not being normal of which i cannot really define for but it is apparent that i am not normal because i shock the normals too often . i consider a ... we do this to voice our opinions and to put it out there so someone who knows better mean tell us that we may be incorrect in our belief that we are ___ because of ___ reasons . you even ... we would have a much higher possibility of going out with a bang . need to find a passion is utter bullshit . i have fleeting obsessions for as far as i can remember and it works so well for me so i do not need a lifelong passion to feel normal which i do not wish ... roommate ( s ) who i know well enough and like but roommate needs to absent from the apartment / etc . often enough so i don't start getting annoyed at them for whatever reasons . i love having people ... imho everyone is a little narcissistic with frequent feelings a grandiose but i mean for anyone to have confidence , he / she needs to believe in his / her abilities and skills . in the right amounts , ... bro you and i are like the same person . i too enjoy pshychology , quantum physics , fitness , and other subjects and hobbies that rarely go together for other people . also , i'm very independent but ... small talk is a conversation where no significant information is revealed in the process . also , conversations or debates where the content will not help me or lead me to consider the information and ... sorry for you but no , i get down but never depressed . what do you mean some point ? i switch between introvert and extrovert on the daily . i will dress up when i feel like it otherwise i dress for the occasion and for regular stuff i go with comfortable all the way . in a professional environment i do the right thing and dress ... a new game or show or activity to fixate on is the best cure for me . yeah i have friends , a very small number because i categorize friends as people whom i share a lot of experiences with . the more experiences the better the friend because our friendship has survived ... i actually listen and do what the person i'm actually interested in has to say about me . i almost never say to anyone's suggestions so when i catch myself doing this , i know shit just got real . sounds a lot like me . i complain a whole lot and my friends worry until they notice that i just do it because i do and i will never be down for more than a few hours tops . just let him be . ... i stand up if need be and just walk away . final fantasy vii , ix , x , xii kingdom hearts i , ii borderlands 2 league of legends ( hiatus in season 3 and now back , one for all is hilariously fun ! ! ! ) world of warcraft ( end bc and early wotlk ) ... yyyeeesss ! ! ! i loved this game even though i never beat it but rose is the best . i mostly interact with others so i can test my level of manipulation on them or to get more ideas about my current topics on mind through conversation . i love implanting ideas into peoples ' minds ... i zone out mid conversation if the topic at hand has no hold on me . just yesterday , i was doing a google video hangout with 3 others long time friends and they kept pointing out that i wasn't paying ... i am a nonconformist , an unconventional thinker , and an outlier to the social norm . these being said , even as an entp i have noticed that i am pretty fundamentally different from most of the people ... what's the experiment you have in mind ? i have two work friends , both female and both introverts with very different behaviors . for sake of identification , one will be betty and the other is jessica . betty is overly out spoken to the ... give no fucks and i do what i please . ... you become dangerous . hey now , don't go making these outlandish accusations man , i have done nothing to you #trololololo . it's nice not knowing though , it's almost like an adventure into ... what ? yeah i don't particularly understand how people can express so much and so often about their feelings which are so fleeting generally . i have stopped wondering and trying to figure it out though . ... yep i moped for like 3 weeks and then got over it ... and she started to become a bitch and i keep hearing new people complain about her and i'm just laughing on the inside . my buddy at work dated ... yep , my co-worker was like this when she first started so i was like oh i don't understand you so i'm trying to figure her out and fell for her . and i got owned because when i asked her out she came ... that's just the thing , the last line . maybe some entps do but i can't be the only who does not want to convey these feelings . i don't understand why it is necessary for me to convey feelings . ... trololo ... lo ? it's a reddit / imgur comment style to catch the grammar nazis and waste their time . looks like it still works . i disagree . pretty sure we all explore our feelings pretty regularly but the problem is we don't get the feelings . there's nothing to compare what we are feeling with anything of relevance . we feel ... missing out on the feels ? dude , i'm being crashed my waves of feels here ! ! ! and no , i'm not missing out on something i don't get . can't miss what you don't know . what.in.the.actual.fuck ? you were way too nice . what you should have respond to the question was : are you fucking sorry ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! i play one often because it's so entertaining especially when someone takes an opinion that you know well or believe in . you get to see if they can help you learn more and explain things ... i have a sweet interview for this position that i am really looking forward to and it would be super if i get it . and basically i find reading information on entp and the like really helps because i ... i think it's the enfjs . apparently i work with like 5 of them . they driving me crazy . i read the description and was like that guy sounds a genius / jackass ... hmmm ... sounded exactly like me ... i like it . / excitement ! ! ! what i noticed about entps as a whole : we do whatever ... sounds like that guy / girl just hates you . when i'm winning or when i'm lmaoing . been noticing that i mostly just get irritated with everything small and big but i have flipped out twice in my life . after both times , people who were present started avoiding afterwards so i guess ... addiction is definitely something entps get affected by often but i think the duration is widely various . personally , i have obsession with different things / people / etc . pretty much but only for like ... i made the assumption that my super aggro attitude was just a hidden trait of entp but recently i noticed that my assumption is false . has anyone out there made other assumptions that were proven ... overall , i'm bored about 90 % of the time . even if i do something that's exciting , after a few repetition or during excitement i will get bored . it sucks . it really is . yep and the warning signs are the most entertaining ... at least in the beginning . all the people telling why suddenly i'm different . damn enfjs , why are they so nosy and attention paying . oh yes there it is . 3 entps : 1 sweet and smart , 1 troublemaker , and 1 player . yes yes yes , we can be anyone we choose . / joyous i can appreciate the method but i don't understand the differences in the arguments ... sorry . '