' lol ... i think isfj's are commonly considered martyr-ish . i have seen the word martyr pop up in some of the descriptions . 148770 this made me chuckle , it is so telling of our differences . i literally just had a very similar conversation with my istj when we went to look at apartments . i told him that i needed to be able to ... i love your eyes ... and you are beautiful ! the short hair looks great . your temperament is phlegmatic . the phlegmatic temperament is fundamentally relaxed and quiet , ranging from warmly attentive to lazily sluggish . phlegmatics tend to be content with themselves and are ... thanks ! and you definitely should post your own . it's always good to put a face with a name / avatar . also , i just noticed that with the typings as i did them , it makes sense why roslin-adama would work easier as a couple than lee-starbuck . r-a share 3/4 preferences , while l / s only share 1 or ... i just saw this . i know samwise gamgee is my avatar , but i think i identify with either ted moseby from how i met your mother or elsa from frozen when i'm in a bad place . i think all three probably ... i am resurrecting this thread , because bsg is awesome . enough said . i think it's tough to type some of the characters since a lot of them are military ... which seems like it would be an sj ... i tend to do terribly at a new venture until i have been able to work out a system that functions well for me . learning from others doesn't always help either , since i am a hands-on learner and ... thanks for adding the bit about subjective versus objective functions . i am really interested in this stuff , but i have yet to actually buy a book to delve into it fully . i think that makes sense , ... this sounds a lot like some of the experiences i have had . although i think being thrown into something actually works well for me , as long as people don't expect me to be perfect at first . i think ... this sounds a lot like some of the experiences i have had . although i think being thrown into something actually works well for me , as long as people don't expect me to be perfect at first . i think ... absolutely . because we are very conscious of how others will perceive us , we try to project an image of ourselves to the outside world that is calm and level-headed . inside , it it most definitely a ... hi fellow isfj's ! if any of you read some of my more emo posts from the past month , you know i have been going through a difficult situation with unpacking my relationship with my grad school field ... congrats on the honor ! practice , practice , practice . that is the only way i would get through a speech like that . i feel awful for your coworker . i can only imagine how deeply he is trapped in his own thoughts if it has gone on for this long . i think the si / fe combination is very difficult under stress , which ... i thought about that , too . if i ever made it to a ceo or ownership position , i would feel obligated to pay all employees fair wages and only take a livable , but not exorbitant , salary for myself . but ... agreed . i thought about this pretty much as soon as i posted . i would have so many problems firing people unless there was a strict code of conduct in place . everyone has something to work on . also , you are much more decisive than i am , due to both to my inferior ne and aux fe . hello , istj's . i know our types are rather similar , and i'm dating one of you . i personally admire your adherence to logic and your work ethic . my feelings / emotions get in the way of things far too ... that's definitely your fe at work . we try to please others , whether it's by means of humor or by catering to their expressly stated or unstated needs . because we are more reserved and introverted ... this is only a half-serious post , but i was thinking about the state of the world - very macro and meta , i know - and i was wondering what it would be like if healthy ( although i don't like that ... i just rewatched frozen , and i'm ready to recruit elsa to the isfj team . i've seen her typed as infj ... but , really ? she is super indecisive and terrified of expressing herself because she how her ... not me , but i work on it . i think si has a lot of potential for pessimism as life goes on and we reflect on the past . it sometimes feels like i'm fighting it constantly , but i remind myself to choose ... it's hilarious that both you and candijoy would choose invisibility . every time i take a stupid online quiz to waste time , i always pick invisibility as a superpower . * cue eerie music . * isfj thing ? totally agree with the dislike of conversation dominating behavior . also , people who like to find metaphors in everything . not that that's a bad thing ... unless they then also dominate the ... i very much agree ! disagreements and misunderstandings are between two individuals , i just like mbti as an organized framework within which to conceptualize differences in thinking . it works for me , ... my main reason for not typing her istj is that i'm in a relationship with an istj , and i haven't had many problems understanding his thought processes . he might not show as much emotion as i do , but ... thanks for the uplifting post ! i like the positive approach to si , which i agree is undervalued . this last part sounds like something i wrote in a different post . i feel like society is constantly ... oh , also , i think mbti holds a lot of promise for me because , while it is a theory , it sets very concrete rules and it's very organized when compared to typical theories in academia , which just ... since i need to reflect on things to find the right wording a lot of the time , it's easiest for me to be persuasive via writing rather than speaking where i'm put on the spot . i think that's an ... this could definitely be why i picked up on her frustrated emotional state . as a first time student and someone who needs to think things over and doesn't have confidence in his abilities until he ... i think that makes a lot of sense , but in my situation , there is a power imbalance rather than the relative equality of a coworker relationship . this made it difficult for me to confront her more ... thanks everyone for the responses . i'm glad i got to voice the details of the situation , since i am generally self-deprecating and , when faced with repeated criticism without the ability to distract ... general trolling , mayhaps ? anti-sensing bias ? i say we call a witch-hunt ! just kidding of course ... idk . i love it . great examples of our goofy sense of humor . i think it's a very isfj thing to self-blame , so yes . i often have to go back and forgive myself for things , and usually get exterior reinforcement for my internal ideas since i don't trust my own ... thank you both for reading and responding , and thank you for your supportive responses . i'm sure i frustrated her as much as she frustrated me . sorry i need so much external reinforcement for what ... hello , intj forum ! before i write this let me first preface with a caveat : i think you are all brilliant ( your minds work so fast and you always know what to do ) and you more often than not have ... that is a pretty astute observation . yes , this has definitely been me from time to time with extreme extroverts ( most recently an enfj ) . but i would say if the friendship is strong enough , i am ... my confession is that i love isfp's . my younger brother is one of you and we have always gotten along . he is always relaxed , friendly , fair , and has a great live and let live attitude . i try to ... this made me laugh , thanks for putting it so bluntly . i agree totally . after i originally reached out with these threads i did more introspecting , took more tests , and thought about it . i think when ... 114546 me and my istj partner ... i'm on the left . i figured i would include him because he's cute and also hates pictures candijoy : tongue : 114554 1145 62 i think i was really tired here ... or my ... i'm not sure i could ever hate anyone who has a p in their personality type . i love open-minded people and i strive to open my mind more all the time . flexibility is so important and awesome ! i just realized that when i posted , i absolutely did not respond to the main question posed in the thread . oops . i am not sure how similar this is for most people , but i always have to ground the ... ted from how i met your mother ? i have to confess , i didn't read through the whole thread , so i'm sorry if someone already posted it ! i have seen him typed differently , but i think he has all the ... i'm really sorry this happened to you . it does have the feeling of a right place , wrong time situation to me . the best thing you can do is be good to yourself , and unfortunately only you can decide ... when i used to play wow , i was usually a tank / warrior . partially because i felt like being a mage was what everyone else wanted to do , so i had this internal dialogue about how i was somehow being ... i find that the last part of this is always the most important for me . i think that may be a reflection of my security-seeking 6 enneagram , though . i make mental notes of what feels subjectively ... '