' intj here . where my enfp at ? anyone in san diego ? male or female . i adore you all . enfps are addicting . it would be helpful if there were more of them around , so then at least we ( or me anyway ) wouldn't zero in on them . there are few things i get immediately excited about ; one of ... chris , i am an intj dating ? talking to ? friends with ? getting to know ? someone i suspect to be an enfp , and he's basically the same way . i'm confused to hell so i'm just setting ... i often know what someone is going to say or do before they do it . i often laugh at jokes a full second before everyone does because i get the punchline before everyone else . here's an ... type a , trying to be more type b . i post on my online dating profiles that i'm intj , and i've received several emails from male intjs . either they search for intj or they stumble across me and notice it in my profile . so , i'm ... i think it's more of a si thing . i tested as infj for years and have just recently realized that i'm intj . i had an abusive childhood which caused me to develop a strong fe . this explains why i would score extremely high for ni ... i'm fine with gossip at work . i like receiving information . however , it stops with me ; i hear it but i don't spread it . i wish i was istp . i wonder about this as well . i test as infj but sometimes with high fi and ne ( just not as high as nife ) . wow , never thought marilyn manson would win , but cool . i approve . same here , since i'm a social chameleon . they bring me out of my shell . yeah , in the new facebook group he's labeled himself istp . just a few days ago . he's actually saying now that he's istp 8w7 . i think he gets very confused when it comes to mbti , but i do see him being an 8 . i like isfjs because i really like the loyalty , feeling safe around them , and our shared fe . the ni / si clash doesn't bother me as long as the other person understands how we are different . imho , he's acting like his fetish shadow . i've seen several infj's look exactly like this while on stage . :) i knew an infp male several years ago .. he knew he was infp , but he was so caught up on being special and rare . him : infp are the rarest of all the types . me : actually , infj is the rarest at ... i love him . not just his rant , but watching a real infj man is like watching a male version of myself . and that hardly ever , ever , ever happens . why isn't this thread more popular ? i would have thought that this would be a major problem for all of us . it does feel like a bit of a prison to me . i feel the need to live alone , unless i've known my roommate for years , because i have hyper-fe . it never rests , and it's exhausting . with someone who's ... fake it until you make it ! see it as playing an outgoing role / character . i like to study other people to learn their mannerisms in situations where i have no clue what i'm doing . she is adorable . i think i come across the same way in conversations . i wonder if people think we're on drugs sometimes , because we fumble and pause and stare off in the distance so much when ... ba in anthropology thinking about getting an mba and then a ms in regulatory science i work in quality assurance ( good for my type 1 ) for a global clinical research company ( good for my infjness ) . try not to beat yourself up ; the same exact thing happened to me . i was so happy to find another infj , that i really allowed myself to be really , really vulnerable , and then i still got screwed ... jesus christ ! i know another infj who is exactly like you . my perspective is they would be more likely to express the butthurt-ness . i agree that the fe may be more vulnerable ; i just don't think that fe would verbally acknowledge and express the ... this is exactly how i am . i've found out before that coworkers at a previous job would talk about how i had no personality . and , i mean , you should see my facebook ( that i share with close ... i'm sorry , but i don't understand your question . relationship between infj and what ? i will say , though , that i often see more fi than fe on this forum . i was just thinking the other day that i'm not quite sure how many feelings i have or how often i have them . i think that the majority of the time i'm feeling something , it's actually what someone ... when i was a kid , i was always in trouble for coming to dinner late because i was reading . or reading while at the dining table during meals . i agree . there seem to be a lot of people who get butthurt or quickly worked up about a lot of things on here . i think it's strange . we're just having discussions ... i think there's a good possibility that there are a few infps on here who think they are infj . it's hard to tell . i know for sure that i'm an infj because my ni and fe are incredibly strong ; they ... video was great . although , the porno music had me a little confused hello infps . infj here . everybody know those how i really am / what i really do meme photos that were popular like 20 years ago ? i recently made an infj one . see below . my sister is an ... i am exactly like this . i'm a 1w2 , and i agree , that you are also likely a 1 . when i get exceptionally good news , i might cry at that very second . because i'm not used to good things happening to ... extroversion 22 % orderliness 74 % jackass , haha i think that the majority of introverts are really afraid of public speaking , but that shouldn't deter you . honestly , i just try to prepare myself as much as possible , and i nearly always take ... that does seem pretty difficult to me , expressing the infj-ness . it will need to come out in the direction of the film . how does a character portray empathy other than mimicking ? if it were me , ... this is 100 % me . i don't know if anyone has done this meme on here - likely someone has , but i wouldn't know how to begin to search for the thread . i know i'm behind the times in making this . eh . 69138 this is exactly what it's like quality time , and then acts of service 1 ) no 2 ) none 3 ) rather foolish 4 ) rather foolish 5 ) not likely i have no respect for religion as a social construction . whatever a person wants to believe personally is fine . infjs are ... i'm in a kind of thing with someone that i think is infj . it's been several years in the making , with several starts and stops . some initiated by him , some by me . i expressed casual interest ... ah ha - this word is a keeper ! learn about your type and appreciate that you're really not that strange after all . my life truly began the day i stopped comparing myself to extroverted sensors . i wish i hadn't wasted so much ... yes , definitely alpha-female . i'm like one of the boys and yet the dream girl next door at the same time . i'm a female , but i'll interject here and say that in order to be truly satisfied in a long-term relationship , i need different types of sex . ( from one person , because i'm faithful . ) but i mean , ... '