' i think i would just watch the fight and care for my safety and the ones i love because i believe that if light wins , some part of light will turn to dark and if dark wins , some part of dark will ... i also get numb in a very tensioned way on a regular basis . i don't really feel anything then besides tension and pressure . i know something is going on in there , but it's hiding and building up . i ... cool , that's interesting ! i like that quite a few people here make their pizza from scratch . i also did that a feq times and it was very delicious , but so much work and cleaning afterwards ... making ... to me being shallow is very important because my brain is at a very weird deepness level where everything is pain / fear at core and also subjective / pointless ... so i try to be less deep . but who knows ... hello , wow this is good thread :) - which were the worst occasions on which you overslept ? i missed an university experiment - how did / does it make you feel ? oh shit - do you think it is an nf ... crack i'm feeling full and bored , that's why i'm here how do you like to eat your pizza ? i like to buy pizza kits and then i also buy cheese and corn and that's my favorite pizza . this is a pizza kit : 685762 i don't like to eat pizza in ... why do you say therapy is a joke ? i barely ever feel anger , i suppress it very well . if i feel something similar to anger i either don't express it at all or i express it like a 5 years old girl would do . i hope to cope that feeling ... you can either continue not wanting to face that problem and stay alone forever or choose to face it . having friends and being out in the real life always also involves hurting people and getting ... when i feel bad i just want to watch tv or watch boring youtube videos or do something boring in general , too . usually it makes me feel even worse so it's important for me to step out of that boring ... oh don't worry guys , let's all just eat some delicious cake and be happy . :) let's share the cake and be positive , i made the cake just for you guys , so please eat it . :) life is too short to not ... haha , it's all about balance in the world ! :P hey guys , let's all eat healthy and exercise . life is so beautiful . :) love yourself . it is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out , so live to the fullest and focus ... don't worry , healthy eating habits and exercise will fix everything . :) i feel a weird pressure to make more and more friends because that's what's supposed to be healthy and the right way ? i think i just need a few close friends though . new people usually make me feel ... i usually remember my dreams like ~ 6 times a month ( usually when i wake up and then sleep again ) , but i forget about them very fast . it's usually nightmares about some social stuff , like being an ... i was picked on for a lot of things , but also for being too quiet . that's why now i always feel that it's wrong and a flaw to be quiet and in social situations i feel a huge tension of having to talk ... forrest gump , i liked the movie but the end was too boring ... so i didn't watch the last 15 minutes yet . i have made different experiences with lsd , from wonderful , deep , fun to absolutely horrifying . if you ever want to give it a try take a low dose in a setting that feels 100 % safe for you . that way ... i'm currently healing myself and i hope to heal others in the future from emotional damage . :) that's what i typed myself with some months ago , so we have the same thoughts and feelings about my tritype . it makes a lot of sense . thank you a lot for your time ! some confirmation is nice . and ... i have thoughts and ideas about my tritype , so i'm excited to read what you think about it . whatever i put bold is what i feel / think / select . 1 . ) select all of your fears . - the fear of ... 593994 awesome movie ! fun and deep at the same time . euphoric , lazy , relaxing weed is good for me as long as i keep it to smoking twice a week maximum . less is better . it helps me to enjoy the moment more / be more creative / think deeper / connect with people / relax . and sometimes , ... you should perceive those comments as a compliment ! others need drugs to appreciate things and you just do it naturally . that's amazing to me . i've experienced similar situations though and i ... i had a guy in class who talked about very stupid stuff all the time and he answered questions wrong most of the time . he also took 4x longer for a sentence than other people and he didn't really ... i just let out anger before letting it boil up ! i commented on something that i believed to be wrong on some other forum and i received thankful messages for saying what i said . so i got positive ... hatred i'm kinda emotional but not in an outgoing / outside way , i don't like reading books and i usually hate poetry , i know social norms very well , i'm pretty neutral about plans ... it's more about ... talking about using drugs is pretty safe , but talking about dealing drugs on an online forum is a little risky ... maybe you could try becoming a vegan or get into spiritual stuff . some people say it's very fulfulling . sometimes i go play ranked games on league of legends only to troll people . i will play support role and instead of supporting i will either afk 50 % of the time or steal the gold from my carry ... i'm not religious at all , but i'm very interested in spirituality at times . it gives me the best results in feeling good about myself and the universe . to me many religions seem spiritual anyway , ... many infps i know are pretty good at being judgmental while pretending to be super open-minded , especially the more unhealthy ones . usually because they feel mistreated , misunterstood or their values ... infp , team mystic ! :) i'm not sure , i will talk to her about it . it really hurt me but i also didn't really make it clear that i needed to talk right now and not later . luckily other people were there for me ! :) i'm always there for that ungrateful fucking bitch and i'm even taking my time at a party ( where i want to dance ) to be there for her for hours . okay and now i'm feeling bad for once . and what's her ... i'm not very good at relationships in general . cuddling , compliments , feeling love , feeling loved , giving attention ... i mean , i do those things , but not enough for most people . so usually i just ... i prefer sun whenever i'm outside , but if i'm inside or about to sleep or something i prefer rain . it just creates a very nice atmosphere . at the moment i love playing pokemon go ! it's very fun to me . :) you kinda get rewarded for being outside more often and walking around / exploring . i'm sure it's also very fun to play with friends , ... i love to play overwatch , not sure if it really counts as a shooter though . generally i like the online shooters that have a community and stuff , i never really play solo games . i'm an infp and i abolutely love parties ! before the party starts i usually feel a little nervous , but also excited . i generally prefer to dance or to interact with small groups of people . that ... ... i'm talking about the world compared to the past ( 50 , 100 or even 500 years ago ) generally . to me it seems like things are getting better and better . i wouldn't want to live 100 years ago as a ... i think compared to the past the world is in a pretty peaceful state right now . : tongue : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xth8UEQvkHI : crazy : i'm a night owl , i love darkness . : crazy : '