' could be , but subtypes are still kind of controversial in some socionics circles so let's try to get your main type in first . you should be well aware of your super-ego ( more than your id ) functions ... right , we seem to be getting somewhere ! focus on the real-word implications is very much :p : that catchphrase is very typically : t : which deals with how one event leads to another , and how ... i'm sorry for not responding for a while . more in terms of informal social hierarchies within a group , than political ones . i would try not to get too hung up over that . the way i'd look at ... what davidh seems not to realise is that there are different ways of coping with the same situation . for example for an eii , in a difference of opinion you can use creative : i : to see different ... ok , now you're lying as well - i never said confronting reality is difficult for me and stating that different people have different strengths would be non-controversial to any reasonable person . ... that was the conclusion i came to , i mean , scientific evidence and might help but until then it's just his personal opinion . i don't understand all the hostility . davidh well , if that interpretation is beneficial to you and you want to come to that conclusion that's fine , it doesn't affect me . davidh - the value of socionics to me is understanding why and how people think and interact differently , and it provides a language to explain that . i think any relation can become a positive ... davidh or maybe i've just matured to the point where i've learnt that using polr : f : is futile for me , so i avoid it , and i've learnt how to avoid it . i can imagine it would be unhealthy for an lsi ... that's ideology , not ethics . i don't place much value in defending my own self and property , i've long reckoned that this came as a side effect of polr : f : ( with leading : r :) , but i see no reason to ... davidh - it's a stock phrase , i mean it as benefiting you materially in general ( which includes maintaining ) . i'm not willing to compromise on ethics . what about for an lsi ? would you gain anything ... davidh - were you talking to me there ? just so you know i wasn't talking about the supervisor's creative and role functions , or the supervisee's leading function ; i was talking specifically about ... i take what you're saying but put forward that those benefits are marginal compared to the drawbacks for the supervisee , when it comes to polr at least . the way i interpret this relation is : the ... right , fair point and i agree about being able to pick up on their weakness . but as polr isn't valued i would argue that any help provided - regardless of any good it might do - is not the type of ... dottoromar why do you think beta would be in conflict with being a hardcore capitalist ? quadras values are values in interaction and communication with others , not political or economic beliefs ... not so sure that extra-quadra information is something to be sought after . every quadra is equally capable of producing the same information in so much as each ime appears in every quadra in equal ... it's a lot to get one's head around and i know i struggled for ages ! socionics , i would say , is a much bigger subject than mbti or enneagram , but it is fascinating . wikisocion which i linked to is a ... did you get a chance to read up on the quadras , what do you think of them ? right , ( this may be a little leading if you've already read a bit about socionics but ) , how do you feel about this ? ... oh , and also so you know , socionics doesn't define extroversion quite like that - while gathering energy when alone is still generally an introverted trait , a lot else can affect your energy levels ... hi no013 i think eii or iee is a reasonable guess but i can't say for sure . perhaps try looking at the beta and delta quadras : beta quadra - wikisocion delta quadra - wikisocion which one ... if you ask me probably the best way to self-type is look at the quadras - find out what types of interactions with others with you like / dislike . and why . interests and emotions can change over time ... well , i would've thought that relations should be the same for all types , it's the same functions lining up in the same way with each other regardless of what imes are involved , so those relations ... not everyone had or knew about aol , i'm not from the us so maybe it had less cultural impact here . i think the difference for gen-z is that they're people who grew up with the internet always being around . so i think in order to be gen-y you have to be able to remember when you got your first ... evolution has to be the foundation for what we call morality , the species needs to survive , so actions detrimental to human survival are considered evil by humans as a collective whole , that evolved ... don't see why you wouldn't try it - if it tastes fine and it's safe then it's no different to eating anything else . the demonstrative function is as strong as the leading function , so you'll be just as good at : t : as : r : ... but bare in mind that information aspects are rather abstract and real-world information ... davidh - i was kind of expecting a yes or no but thanks for that ! i would say someone with super-ego 2d : i : would probably be more likely to reject a valid and sophisticated : i : idea as too complicated rather than too simple ... dimensions i understand as more ... it's been a long time since i've touched mbti and my memory is hazy , i've been in to socionics ( albeit on and off ) for much longer . but does the official mbti even describe cognitive functions like ... hi , i've not been around here for a while ... i've always found that trying to tie mbti to socionics only results in confusion . you first have to believe that mbti can reliably indicate your ... do people really expect that ? apart from people who don't know about personality types and are confusing us with another type , maybe . i don't try to be smiley , or melancholic for that matter ( and ... hi everyone , i can't believe it's been over a year ! i hope you don't mind a re-intro . as you can probably tell from my post count , i used to be a regular user here . i didn't plan to leave but i ... istp ( father ) + isfj ( mother ) = infp ( me ) + isfp ( sister ) all introverts ... no , that's not true . in fact arguably there are plenty of advantages to mixing introverts with extroverts . welcome . : happy : i don't know , that sounds pretty interesting to me . look , everyone has hobbies and interests , it doesn't matter if everyone understands it because there will always be people who won't no matter what ... you can turn it around and let that be what gives you incentive in life . you're right that if everyone refused to fight wars then there would be no more wars . i believe strongly that war , corruption , ... likely jung borrowed words already in use when naming the functions . i doubt jung invented the words thinking , feeling , sensing , and intuition . they were probably the words in language closest to ... : r : : i : : l : : f : :p : : s : : e : : t : thanks so much , that's great ! they are the eight symbols listed ( and gifs linked ) here : help : contents - wikisocion if you can foresee any licencing problems ( i honestly don't know much about how that works ) the wikipedia ... well , on the socionics subforum , instead of using the two-letter abbreviations for im elements , e . g . fi , ne , etc . , or 1 - letter r , i , etc . you'd be able to use the symbols in place of those . it's a ... i thought this couldn't hurt to ask ... is it possible to have a way of inputting the im element symbols used in socionics ? the ones seen here : information elements - wikisocion this could be ... hmm , would we still have books to read ? definitely no . the only way i would try it is if i knew i was going to die imminently , and if i could change my mind at any time . having two introverts together with not much in common doesn't exactly lend itself to flowing conversation ! i've been on long journeys with my dad before , he's an istp , and yes that does lead to ... depends on your country and what constitution that country has ... a would definitely bother me more , and that's very much a defining characteristic of a socionics eii . if people tell me how to do things more efficiently , but aren't pushy about it , i appreciate that ... it may do . i like to think i come to my opinions by applying reason as opposed to environmental influence . it's interesting to look at if two people with similar personality would apply the same ... of course it should be allowed . although my more nuanced opinion is that marriage should probably be a personal matter with the state not involved . the state could find other ways of recognising ... well i'm 29 , going to be turning 30 soon ... which i'm not looking forward to to be honest . i don't really feel any different as a person to how i've ever felt , i've always felt quite mature growing ... 1 . do feel like you have more emotions than most other people ? not sure , but i think i listen to them more , maybe . 2 . are your emotions more extreme than other peoples emotions ? ( ie very sad or ... '