first of all , what she feels is totally normal . i'm uncertain if this feeling is enfp-based , or if it can be found across the board , but what i know for certain is that it is something that at least ... it takes a surprising amount to move me , usually art will do it . art has always seemed in some ways more real to me than reality , or maybe i just let it affect me more . but yeah ... i cried to at that ... for me this question is complicated . on the one hand i tend to be and really always have tended to be obsessively humble , to the point where it bugs me a little to even say that i'm humble ... this is ridiculously true for me too ! i hardly pay any attention to such things , it's just not something i care about , it's sooo routine , but it is so important too . yeah i'd say just leave things alone until she's available . you don't wanna have any part of that , even if she were to fall desperately in love with you and leave her boyfriend , you've made an enemy ... i think it's fantastic that you're seeing someone to help you sort out your feelings instead of not giving them credence . your feelings are important , just as important and useful as your intellect , ... easy , my mom is an enfp , just like me . funny though because i don't always get along with her , however we speak the same language , she's disorganized , she very feelings oriented and she's definitely ... yeah ... that's exactly how my last relationship went . in a month's time we could anticipate each other better than i could anticipate my best friend for 10 years . we had catchphrases and knew exactly ... well hold on now ethereal this forum is about people comparing their experiences to one another , not necessarily about getting over our problems . most of the people posting here are just stating how ... nobody's too old for that , it'll be a sad day the day i find i can't tell the world just to shut up and leave me alone . oki oki mr . istp , u win : tongue : everyone loves music and its determined by the individual ! your logic impeccably trounced me : wink : ok fair point , but i figure if anyone's gonna be really outspoken about their all encompassing love for music , it would prolly be the enfps , though i'm sure everyone does have a love of music ... pie is definately good , the cake is always a lie anyway . welcome kindred spirit ! ... play on ! that's insane that you have 70gb , i thought i had a huge library , but i'm not even halfway to your level lol . i love to write , and i've always been talented at it ( what am i not talented at though ? maybe modesty ) however , i'm so easily distracted it makes it difficult for me to finish anything . ironically ... i've known another enfp who intimidated me by being so many things that i wanted to be . it really challenged me to push to be my true self as much as possible . : shocked : i have a short post ? ... every enfp i've ever met has had a deeply intense connection with music , including myself . and this means music in any variety . i mean really deeply intense . rap counts as much as broadway or ... yeah ... it was pretty much between jasmine and belle ... agh the choices ! ! ! eventually , zexiness won out , sadly enough . i dunno , i shoulda prolly picked belle ... why do i stress about these ... i totally know how you feel even as an enfp , because even people savy people still have doubts in themselves , and that's all your problem amounts to . first off , you know what people love ? to talk ... the most mind-blowingly awesome for enfp job i've ever had was on a commercial as a production assistant . i'm currently doing everything i can to get into the film industry partly as a result . it was ... wow ... i just read yer monster post there at the top of the page ... and like lilsnowy , i'm really glad you decided to share so much of yourself with us . honestly , my situation is even more ... ok , i haven't read all the other posts in between the first and this one , but pink , i think i can give some really good insight . i'm in a very similar situation , except i'm the guy . also , i love ... am i the only one here who feels awkward when it comes to feelings ... like sometimes i think they should be there and they're not ? or that they're much less intense than they should be ? perhaps its ... i accepted the inevitable truth that , well , i'm smarter than pretty much anyone else , it just doesn't show up in my grades . doesn't have a thing to do with the fact i'm a super genius . it's ... really ? really really ? in your dreams your spiders help you ? i sooo envy you ! just to let you know , if some ninja-like guy shows up at your house in the middle of the night to steal your dreams ... yeah , i think more than anything though , enfps come across as gullible to others because we are eager and in the moment and we generally seem innocent . however , older wiser enfps tend to use this as ... sometimes having a slacker for a study partner is nice . as long as they show up and you're not like collaborating on a project or something , its always nice to have someone worse than you , at least ... i have terrible long-term memory . short term memory is great for me though , even within a week or two's time . i don't take notes in class because i get the general gist of it all and i can just ... te for me has become the way i attempt to make decisions , even though my natural form is to feel out the best result . this creates a sort of hybrid approach to my decision making , but also undermines ... i feel more like moby , except that i've come to realize that it's not that i don't dream , it's that i don't remember my dreams . i think it has something to do with how we enfps are soo here and now ... i know it's kindly meant , but i've never seen leaping into someone else's arms do more than cause problems and destroy relationships . i think the second part of your response is far wiser . there's ... it sounds more serious than it did at first , and it may very well be time to break it off . all i would urge you to do is first try really being honest with him about where you are at , and find out if ... and yeah , sometimes , we enfps do love too much . but that too will pass . rreally . i really do hope i've said something that makes you feel better . : wink : honestly , i don't believe in incompatible people , only unwilling people , which at times might be legitimate . so coming from that i would have to say you two need to figure out how to work together ... aw man that sucks , i assume it's the one from your other thread . saying one knows how one feels is kinda pointless with situations like these so i won't even try . i have been in your situation before ... thanks man for the advice and support for a stranger . and i too hope it all turns out . i figure heck , a year can solve anything right ? i mean i'm like 21 so everythings the like mount doom end of the ... well , ivan , we are only five % of the population apparently , which makes us all really happy cuz we like to feel especially unique . i totally feel you missymaroon . and i'm a guy . while i maintain a ... just so you know , my mom is the enfp in the family , and even though it makes sense that she's more emotional , it doesn't stop my dad from blaming her for it . istj's can be ones to assign blame , i ... oh , and btw , i've got an istj dad too ... he can be a pain sometimes , but he does love you , he just shows you through dedicated work , instead of superfluous stuff like ... being generally nice lol ... oh my gosh that's a long post , i can't tell in this format lol ... shoulda paired it down a tad ... enfps tend to take things personally in general . it's the f in us . so wakehopper i totally feel where you're at right now . i'm in pretty much the same situation , with my younger siblings getting to ... yeah , sagittarius here . but there just doesn't seem to be much correlation . not that i'm surprised , i put virtually no stock in zodiac . honestly , is it just me or do zodiac descriptions seem rather ... long time for a post to happen , but here it is . i had to stand up to a best friend of 8 or so years on account of his gf breakin up with him . he wouldn't accept it , and i had to let him know that he ... that sux shurikun ... hey this looks like fun lemme git in on it ! so i always feel like i'm never the best version of myself , like if i was really an enfp or if i was really crazy or if i was really ... yeah , remember guys , we are enfps which means we are are own worst critics , evaluating ourselves and reevaluating ourselves so many times over that we feel totally awkward in situations that we would ... k first thing i want to say , which i can tell by your tone you know , but just to remind , crying for any reason is not a sign of weakness . it's a sign of honesty , its our emotions telling us that we ... i don't have a wealth of relationship experience to pull from , but i have grown up in a home where my mom was enfp and my dad was istj . complete opposites , so i know something of differences . the ... thank you all so much , especially superunknownvortex and variableresults for their perspectives as infjs . i really do care a whole lot about this friend , so much so that i'm willing to do what it ... yep dude that's totally natural . the type of people we are is the type that cares deeply about people , and focuses very intensely on anyone that we are talking to , especially if they are confiding in ... the intuition , definately . we think randomly , without any discernible order , we make assumptions and intuitive guesses that are really right most times . it makes us incredibly creative and ...