' i know that :-) and i do read things diagonally ... sometimes . i suck at details . i get the general gist of things intuitive though but anyways - i know you have conversations , but observe her during ... can't hurt to make a move on her , try to get her into a conversation and see how she acts ! sounds like she likes you . this could be a continuing of my previous thread , but since i know the infj is in theory the most compatible for me ( enfp ) not to mention that i get a strong energy and fulfillment from infjs , i ... thanks for the replies ! they are insighful . any more opinions from an infj end are welcome . wow , i havent been on here in a while ... thank you for all who took the time to give advice and share their own personal experiences . i have found that most helpful . i appreciate your time and ... thanks everyone for the replies ! myjazz-ouch . not sure what you are getting at . everyone else-much appreciated . thanks for replies ! sounds interesting . still wondering from and infj point of view , since if there is just a lack of interest , than not sure if i want to pursue this . thats why what you guys think ... i just met my friends brother tonight for the first time , who i have heard some very good things about , and was thinking about a possible relationship . it was in their house . i was sitting mostly ... i know of an infj male , who around most people appears to be very easygoing , no temper , very well behaved , very sweet , helpful , accomodating , affectionate and passionate about what he believes him . ... thank you for the responses . definitely gave me more clarity . thanks for the replies ! ! can infjs come across as more logical , especially to strong feeling types ? ( ie . female infp ) and do they have a wide variety of interests such as politics , economics , ... is an infj likely to get very into a cause that he believes in , and then debate it with someone who has an opposing view , and get very emotionally caught up since he beleives in that so strongly , ... how would an intj and infj differ in someone who is enneagram type 1 ? in terms of behavior , thoughts , etc . which meyers briggs combinations are most likely those who go to law school or are interested in law ? and is it possible that there can be intuitive feelers ( nfs ) in law school ? since i get the ... thank you all for the informative answers and perspectives ! i have a greater idea as to the answer i was searching for . you have been most helpful :) thank you all for taking the time to reply . it is interesting hearing the different opinions from infjs in this regard . so , i am still trying to get clarity , although thus far i do have more than ... hi there ! i am an enfp and i find myself most attracted to infj men . the infj men i know are all very nice people , polite and softspoken . my question is-what would be the difference between an ... i am dating this boy and i am curious about his type . he is definitely introverted , values his time alone more than anything else . though he is very congenial . he also seems more laid back , and ... hello ! i must say .. i am pretty confused on how to differentiate between an isfp and infp . my friend can be both actually . she is quite curious and intuitive , yet isnt terribly introspective , is ... thanks all for sharing from an infp point of view , or esp an i point of view . i am a extrovert and at times an idiot . i dont think before i speak . that has cost me a lot . she has introverted ... hi infps , i have a friend who i believe is an infp . a great , very sensitive girl , but unfortunately due to childhood events , not in the healthy level of personality . she has a very hard time with ... im curious-which type is prone to be the most likely to do things that are typically out of the box , the most likely to be told by others that they seem high or drunk at any given moment , and do ... ive been reading about isfps and their being laid back and chilled out people . can they , especially if healthy be potentially hardworking-whether in jobs , or any aspect in life - and even ... i am curious about my sisters type . i have some ideas but i am not really sure . i can tell you that ... * she is 21 . * on the enneagram she is a 4w3 . * t-f she is very emotional and its fairly ... i am going to go with infp . i would think that more than any other type . i just started dating this guy , i have a clue about his type , but i like outside opinions , especially since the way he behaves is confusing to me . we only went out twice and for some reason he is ... my bf is an istp , pretty much fits the whole profile , really cool guy , self confident , great troubleshooter , doesnt take things personally , and is respected . ive been reading about istps in ... istps , how do you feel about emotions-positive or negative , and showing them ? how do you express love ? im curious to see what i am on the mbti . still have to do some more research , but curious what moe expert people have to say ... about me - i get recharged by being around people , but usually ... actually , im stuck betwen a few types-istj , isfj , estp and esfp . possible can be others . im gonna put up another picture-tell me what u guys think ? how are estpsin intimate relationships , as lovers ? can you type this guy ? hes kinda interesting ... im pretty sure i know the type , wanna hear what you guys have to say : happy : i understand that tinking types make decisions based on logic , pros and cons and analysis , and fellers make decisions based on other people and their feelings in the moment . i am wondering though , ... can istjs , with people they feel strongly about , be eager to please and want do anything to help the other person ? can they be even romantic to a point , if thats what the partner wants ? ( usually in ... ~ he likes to give actual examples to prove a point as opposed to straight answers ~ he likes to break rules when thinks its too confining though he is very into right and wrong , with me he may let ... rouge , thanks for the reply . i can see him as being people oriented and making sure people wont be hurt by his decisions , but by default , i think he is more in his head , even though around me he ... sparky , thanks for the feedback . i think i can possible rule out infj . you did make me think when you suggested isfp , and therefore i am considering isfj and esfj as hispossible feeling types-as ... hello ! i am wondering if my husband can be an esfj , or if it doesnt fit the esfj . any feedback is welcomed ! ~ he likes to give actual examples to prove a point as opposed to straight answers ... hello ! i am wondering if my husband can be an isfj . i see the helpfulness , the gentleness at times , the anger id one of his opinions are violated , and the compassionate side . he also can be a good ... i am wondering if anyone can give feedback or an idea on what my husband is ? i am really curious as he is complex and actually fits some parts of various types , such as entp , enfj , intp , infj , infp , ... sparky , i wish it was that obvious , that i can tell what his letters are as easily as most people . ( i know the system fairly well and usually its more clear cut ) i find him very complex and he ... sparky , please dont get me wrong , i defintely appreciate all parts of a person , and i happen to love the isfp type , its one of my favorite mbti types actually and i really would want him to be an ... someone tolld me my boyfriend may be an isfp . i see that as a possiblity , in that he is more reserved on things , likes buying me presents , likes pretty artwork and nature , and doesnt like to express ... sparky , to tell you the truth that was a great call . the only thing here is that since i am a feeler type , the way i look at people and describe them is in more of a feeler tone , and also im not ... interesting ... he has a more developed feeling side , ( fe ) yet he is defintely in his head , and needs logic to understand some things on the emotional side , and comes across as forceful in his ... thanks for the feedback thus far : happy : id have him take the test all the way , but he refuses to , since he is very against personality systems . he thinks people are too complex for them . he also ... thanks for the feedback thus far : happy : he is j in getting the work done , but he likes a variety and assortment of different tasks .. hes an electricion and phone troubleshooter and likes doing ... ive been reading into the mbti and find it fascinating . i was wondering if my boyfriend can be a possible infp ? infps on the board , please feel free to give feedback and suggestions : happy : he ... intreresting .. he usually tells me to trust my gut .. but that can be an intuitive thing ? ive read about enfp and , i can defintely see him having lots of components , but the difference here is , is ... thanks for the replies . they are very helpful . entp-thats interesting . i havent considered that .. i was thinking partially j , since he has argumentative , opinionated and judgemental side to him , and ... '