' this is how i like to think about it . if someone could master swapping personalities on the fly , being social would be much easier . if you know how other types operate , and are able to turn into ... wouldn't you like to be an istp for a day ? or an estj ? or any of the others ? i would love to be an infj for once . there's no reason we cannot treat this typology as a map . pick your sign of ... we need a guide for navigating different types . > grammar nazi sup dood intj from oregon here i usually just ignore them and if a problem arises i just do my best to resolve it and if its not enough its probably not a big enough deal to matter enough for ... winrar . anyone else suspect ? i'm just taking a guess here : marvin ? i've avoiding this thread for ... various reasons , many of which involve the time of year and my current financial standings . anyway , the event is over and to say the least i think it went fairly ... i can tell this is going to be a fun thread . he does have that right , but like i said , it doesn't make his decision right . he's using his religion as a scapegoat for his own hatred of another ... wow , lots to comment on . thankful yet annoyed at the same time . nail > head . there are many , many blind people in america you could say . almost half . i'm not a christian myself either , but i ... the war we are involved in now could evolve into a holy war , is what i meant . the muslims started it is a nice way to point a finger . there is a lot of background to this and surrounding stories ... i hope you guys are ready for a religious war . us church to go ahead with sept . 11 quran burning - yahoo ! news i'll do the intj thing here and ask , what does hanging out mean in this context ? if we're talking about letting lose and being yourself , i like to hang out with my close friends , smoke a pipe of ... do you drink coffee ? soda pop ? caffeine is a mind altering drug , which from test results is actually more dangerous , and kills more people a year than mj . dreaming eh ? i never got much into ... well then . i didn't know this matter was so serious . has cleavland never has a championship ? i could see how things might unfold the way they did . i too would represent ' till the day came , but maybe ... oh baby . ;) i may start it up then , but as it seems i'm involved with other threads that i'd like to finish before starting another one of such depth . i don't know the rules about cross-threading : cool : but i'm ... yes it's always sad when a hometown hero decides to uproot and take on bigger things in life . but if they were in lebron's shoes , how do you know they wouldn't do the same ? are you from ohio ? i see ... haha yeah i caught that . i don't really care much , but my girlfriend would try to slay you for that . don't like the fact he left , eh ? symbolism makes sense , he's with the heat now ;) i've been thinking about something , and i wanted to share my ideas with this forum , but instead of starting a new thread i think i will drop the info here . is it better to give someone what they ... i'm fairly good at watching people and figuring them out , but i haven't really associated anyone with the mb code since i'm new to it . how difficult is it to spot certain types out ? well , if feeling strong is what you're after , more power to ya . however there are easier and better ways of gaining confidence in the world of exercise . i hope that's not lebron's jersey you're ... thank you broseph , appreciated . but really , what do you guys talk about on here ? i've noticed a lot of threads about what pissed intj off , what music entj likes , stuff like that . but where's the ... this is relative to myself , i feel best when i'm at home doing my own thing . however being out in the world and being apart of something bigger than myself turns me on also . i've never found much ... story ? that wasn't a story ... that was a prologue , the inside flap of a book . i have a relationship now with a girl and it's working fantastically . :) right , well like i said my childhood has been pretty complicated . i've made it a simple responsibility of mine to figure out what the hell is actually going on around me . i've come to find that i may ... i'm interested in a lot of areas , but i feel my mind pulling me towards psychology . i really have no idea . :/ haha . i don't think i've eevr smoked with another nt , how was it ? ? lol i don't know what kind of after school special you've been watching .. but that's not at all what happens lol .   ... what about dr . house ? when people who are in authority make decisions that are clearly not the best of the options , and refuse to take insight on another's point of view . especially when the authority figures are estp / j i like to hang out on mountain tops , high in the sky . bonus points to you sir . : cool : i think i may have started on the wrong foot . what do you guys talk about here ? you'd be surprised . when i first started smoking , the experience was like everyone's , bright lights , good tastes , music sounds awesome . anxiety , paranoia , etc . but after a year or so i started ... have you ever tried drugs or alcohol ? more of a bump than anything ... that sounds like me right now . i'm realizing i'm at a turning point in my life , where if i focus hard enough , thought things out and avoid as much bullshit as i can , i can do just about anything i ... and how has it treated you ? i've noticed quite a few intj's be users of certain substance , pick your poison . i was wondering how this forum feels about it ? i'm been smoking mj for about three years now , and being an intj i ... me too ! reppin west coast here baby ;) well , there are unlimited universes that could have happened , but in our universe , only certain things did happen . we use history to find clues and ... what kind of eyesight do pilots need ? how long did it take you from deciding to be a pilot , to getting paid and flying ? ok so ... intjs all over the spectrum of the workplace i see . from now on , i suggest after telling our profession we rate it based on how satisfied we are with it ... i'm 2nd year undergrad this ... huh ? i have this feeling ... that i can do anything i want in life . like being an astronaut is still an option . i have this feeling that with the computer revolution , there will be a massive social ... hola personalitycafe . i have a pretty twisted story , feel free to read and interject , i could really use it ... to cut a never ending story short , i give you my present day situation . i'm 19 ... nice well folks , there's no getting around 2012 . it will come no matter what . what will you be doing ? do you get annoyed easily with random people ? nope , random people are funny . i love being random myself . knowing that you intj seem a bit stand-off-ish , do you actually not care at all about ... i'm having similar problems bro . except , the estj is my conservative southern grandmother who has been raising me since i was a child , and i'm an intj . i real this about our relationship today ... '