' social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... if you want to see a prototypical 845 , you can watch ray donovan , from the eponymous tv series . imho he represents the true dark 845 . your avatar does not have this dark 845 aura ... if that is ... i have this situation quite often ... but harsh truth is supposed to be the mark of the intjs just learning to deal with problematic situations or people without saying things that i may later ... i wish that too ... but i suppose it is not intj-specific . le temps d'apprendre à vivre , il est déjà trop tard ( louis aragon ... the time [ one needs ] to learn to live , it is already too late ) ... 4-1- 7 seems a curious and interesting combination ... at least the 7 is there to bring some fun to the combination of 4 and 1 ... does your 7 side ever survive to the tormented 4 and the repressive 1 ? enneatype fours are always dealing with these questions ... so for me it should be the normal state . but of late , i am starting to enjoy doing what i enjoy doing without having too much guilt . i think i am particularly good at picking up on others emotions . can you cite some place where intjs are described as bad at it ? i think that sometimes the fact that intjs want to solve problems ... probably , when we are talking about depression and views of life , i would use the enneatype rather than the mbti profile . the meaning of life etc . is really more related to your enneatype . depression ... i am news-addicted and i read everyday newspapers from different countries . my grand-father ( and also my father ) were news-addicted , and would have ( radio ) news from several stations and countries . ... probably þórr did not want you to watch that sort of things i am the only intj that experienced the one month itch ? i am enjoying much being back at personalitycafé ... an intj here asked me after a month of being here if i was planning to stay ... and ... i have no intention to read this book or watch this movie . but apparently it is making record sales worldwide ... i thought it was targeted at british wives but apparently the marketing has made it a ... what is adhd ? i do , in particular as english is not my native language . that is totally me . what enneatype are you ? i suppose that 5 ' s and 6 ' s and 1 ' s are organized and tidy . i am extremely untidy but somehow organized with true order . but distraction and ... thank you : what you point out is a real concern . not everyone should get a phd and not everyone is fit for research and academia , and i advocate for a thorough screening of people entering doctoral ... my answer is general and not really my thought process . if you feel that you need to be somewhere else away from the person you love and that is holding you back it means that you don't love this ... thanks ... i think you are right . the thing is that , aside the time wasting , incompetence and the inability to think clearly infuriate me , and probably it is a trait of intjs ' but maybe it is ... but swede , you are like this and this ! ! when i was 7 i was constantly thinking of what would happen if i jumped from the ( 6th floor ) balcony or window , if i would die immediately , if i would crash , how long and interesting would be the ... dear intjs ( and friends ) it ’ s been really a long time since i last wrote anything , and i have an inquiry i hope you may solve . i have a phd student that is doing his thesis on music / dance ... intjs do not want world domination , rather world improvement . it is a recurring question which i believe has no real ground ... intjs are intolerant about incompetent people in power , but do not aim ... why do you ask ? is this something that intjs are supposed to do ? or is it an enfp thing ? do you do that on exhausting days ? this excerpt is from mimi wo sumaseba ( whispers of the heart ) mimi wo ... i don't know about the full picture ... but the text should have several interpretations an intj is always right ... unless they are silently observed by an intp ... ica 1 - intps have wrongful ... i am no expert in the field , but what you describe seems intj-compatible , including the explosive temper and he seemed to snap over every little things all the time ... if the little things are ... not really , for me . i hated it when i was a trainee in some research lab and i was assigned no real work ... kind of feeling pointless . but otherwise , i've been mostly in work situations dealing ... a 5w6 intj emotion-letting ... that must be something ! ! ! : happy : winterfox , what is your personality type ? are you asking intjs for some particular reason ? what do you think of debate ( particularly political debate ) ? do you think debate is the pillar of democracy ? time ago i remember some political shows on french tv where a knowledgeable journalist ... was that help someone knowledgeable in the enneagram that would do a personal review of your global personality or some book or some general approach ? should we create a nia nine intj anonymous ... when you say that you were a 6 or a 5 and now you are nines , do you mean that 1 - you were of a different enneatype and you changed your core enneatype 2 - you were nines that were confused and ... i am 4w5 5w6 1w9 , although in the test provided here as a link i tested 5w6 4w5 1w9 just like you ! should i be sorry for you to have this tritype ? : shocked : and also an intj ... 4 - ( 5 ) - 1 - the ... allow me to take this discussion to this tritype thread . eclecticteal , i have not found the way to find out the tritype . the most important part is to know your fundamental type , and according to ... fives tend to let go of people and past relations fours tend to not let go of people and constantly dwell on past relations you seem to be simply and truly in love : so why not try to reignite ... possibly the enneagram is better to explain this feeling . do you know your enneatype ? interesting : do you remember where this was discussed and point to it ? also interesting : intjs may sometimes jump to conclusions or dismiss too early what others are saying . by the way , you seem ... could you give a specific example ? is it really completely dismiss everything you have to say ? because intjs cut the communication and stop talking if they find the discussion or the interlocutor ... intjs , what do you think of boxes ? do you hate to be put in a box ? are boxes inevitable ? wrong ? there have been some discussion about the danger of putting people in boxes , but aren ’ t we all ... i am not sure i understand ... philophobic as having a fear of liking , or as in liking fear / phobias ? i just meant that i don't like the term misophonia , or sound-hating , as i think of myself as ... totally aural . my life revolves around sound ( and more via pm as i don't want to rant about me ;-) ) there are many shades of plain clean air ... all of them delicious ! if he has shown this interest , you have talked for long periods and it was interesting and all that you say , he is certainly interested in having a friendship with you , his interest would be genuine ... just to finish ranting with this , i have made some composition analysis of some avatars . 168498 in the classic paintings , often there is an eye in the central axis of the image ( like the portrait ... thank you for your comment that made me think ( and made me laugh :-) ) just for clarity sake , when i was talking about common sense , i was meaning * to me * , just to try and explain how it feels to me . ... hi ysabellarl , and welcome to this thread . i think that the honest rational description of what is wrong is a trait of intjs , and if someone is talking nonsense , saying so clearly . i've been ... am i the only intj that is hypersensitive to sounds and apparently there is a term for it : misophonic . apparently some features that are common to this misophonia are : - not liking mastication or ... probably the rant thread would be good :) i don't particularly mind people eating in movies ( as long as they don't make disgusting noises ) , i don't watch facebook at all , and i like to eat but not ... you can thank me , i just saw your post , found an iq test on the internet , and rated below average . there was another thread where i also reported my low intelligence test the thing is that ... your tritype would be 461 , but if you fit better with the 9 type , maybe you should read the descriptions and find your type with it rather than with the automated test . what type you feel more ... what label would you propose for the 529 ? the order of the tritype is important , and a 5 that can behave like a 2 is different than a 2 that can behave like a 5 . actually i find it an unusual combination 5 and 2 , as they are kind of opposite ... '