' the money and simplicity allow me to pursue my interests easier . i guess i'd go with the money . i initially thought i'd go with the mental challenge but i can find that outside of a day job and for ... sounds pretty typical intp to me . at least , that's how i was . i'm creative , likable lol , athletic and i was terrible in school . love this show . i agree with peter gregory as an entj . i don't know enough about typing to say one way or the other about who i think everyone else is . how'd you come up with richard as an isfj or ... vilros ultimate starter kit guide this was pretty much me too except being mean to people i didn't like lol . if i didn't like you , i ignored you , which is pretty much how i am now . i also used to get in trouble for talking too ... for me , i feel like being an intp actually makes me more creative . i try to employ out-of-the box thinking and i always have an endgame whether it's with writing , painting , or some other artistic ... intjs because i can have intelligent conversations with them without them getting offended by some offensive shit i might say ( sometimes directed toward them lol ) and extroverted , outgoing , ... write cool stories and invent cool things . $ 0.00 because if you're smart , you do your christmas shopping in the off season : wink : i love working out but no longer have a gym and have lost some motivation . i never worked out more than an hour and 15 minutes a session and made great gains . an interest in intps specifically and other types and just boredom brought me here . 0:00 ain't nobody got time for that lol intps are willing to try new things ? http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/Jesse-eisenberg-Shrug-Social-Network.gif fuck if i know lol every one is different . ___ : you're wrong ! me : how so ? prove it . lol i thought about this not too long ago and i feel particularly empathetic toward animals that don't have a permanent home but i can empathize with people on a deep level also . no brand in particular just as long as it looks good and fits well . 79309 my work requires me to be but outside of it , i'm generally not . at least a little bit of thought and planning goes into my most spontaneous / impulsive actions . i was bored and didn't feel like thinking of another name . she could be really balanced / developed . she still seems to be intp to me . so i can have built in friends for adventures lol / employees hahaha my jokes / nonjokes are fucking funny ( and that's not just my opinion ) so yeah . it gets lonely when i need a shoulder to cry on and wish i could mesh better with people but , generally speaking , being an intp is ok . edited : i don't know why i put an apostrophe in ' gets ' lol venusian me . and yes it could help but it's less about being fit and strong and more about conquering difficulties and coming out triumphant ( for me at least ) . eta when i work out at the gym , i generally ... i don't really know what this thread is about . too many words . i will say , though , that personally , knowing my type helps me decide where my personality needs the most development and how best to go ... artist / entertainer electrical engineer / computer scientist orthopedic / sports surgeon astronaut veterinarian a very short list lol a bunch of food . i love hiking . i prefer sprinting to steady pace running , though . i'm straight and have sexual thoughts often . i put character / personality ahead of anything else but i still only want the d . i used to but not anymore . my room is too messy to post pictures and i can't be bothered to tidy it up . it will either be messy or super organized and i don't have time to organize my room to death . i either make too much eye contact or not enough . i have an intj friend and we have great conversation and see eye-to-eye on a lot of things . he's a pretty dope person . i think i'm more flexible than he is though . and he does prefer things to be ... when i was 3-5 years old my teachers talked to my grandmother about having me tested for add . she didn't lol but i still stayed hyperactive during my younger years and in later years up to now i'm ... i'm pretty terrible at typing people . i suspect one of my male friends is an intj and we get along well but i don't know if i know any of the other intp / j types so can't say how i'd get along with ... this . she's pretty funny . i was pleasantly surprised but i've no idea what her type could be . i can go long stretches without communicating with friends via , facebook , text or face to face . i'm trying to be less and less mia but i like my alone time . with some of my friends , though , i can go ... i venture into other forums rarely . i'm not good at typing other people and i'm really still learning a lot about my own type so i stick close to home for the most part lol . yes , i'm still here . i was just thinking what's your point ? that's not even a logical argument . i don't get people ... i'm an awesome driver but a terrible parker ( of all kinds : parallel , pull in , back in , whatever lol ) . i love driving fast but controlled , especially around corners like i'm in f1 but i'm usually ... age : early 20s location : east coast us job : entertainment relationship status : what's that mean ? single ? lol hobbies : reading , working out , playing video games , painting , playing sports for ... i scored 34 , though i'm not really sure what this proves or that it proves anything * shrugs shoulders * rooms with intp gamers are probably some of the quietest rooms online lol . i typically game without a mic and by myself . i'm actually a little surprised to see this thread in an intp forum haha * ... guns are awesome . target practice is fun . lol i've noticed this in myself too . i think i try to speak as fast as my mind is working and it just comes out a jumbled mess but when i slow my thoughts down by focusing on the main idea of what it ... hmm my least favorite quality ... probably my inability to make and keep personal connections with people . i'm attractive because of my laid-back and easy going approach to life . i'm smart , honest , loyal and try to be as polite as possible ( as i have a tendency for being tactless . ) i say funny things ... '