' haha yes ! that is definitely a principle that i can get behind . i promise not all religious people are judgmental or hypocritical x ) but i totally feel you on not having great experiences with the ones who are not so nice ... not fun :/ but i've even met ... my heart goes out to you after reading your post ... it really bugs me when girls aren't up front about their feelings - and being an infj is no excuse or exception . if you don't return someone's ... first , let me say that - ethanol - your thoughts were so eloquently stated and your infj-analysis was very astute ( i know you're an infj so it should naturally make sense , but i am also and i don't ... [ bump ] then i guess you would fall into the category that isn't mostly lol . however i have to say , i haven't met many n types who aren't drawn to other n types in general . is it that you just don't have a ... haha , no i've never heard that saying . and no worries , i didn't . it was a genuine question . but i think any kind of narcissist , attractive or not , would do something like that . and you can't tell ... whatever , you entps approve so hard ;P lol ( mostly ) first of all , what makes you conclude that an attractive person would have narcissistic tendencies ? do unattractive people not have those tendencies ? rest assured , this thread was created purely out ... enfps are all sorts of loveable wacko . i know a couple and our conversations always involve witty remarks , irony , and hardcore belly laughs . i love it . the only qualities i can foresee not liking as ... my definition of intuition - knowing something so assuredly without knowing how or why you know it . doesn't necessarily mean there's no logic or reason behind it . our subconscious works behind the ... nice hair also ! ! i bet it looks good in a bun : hypnotysed : hah , i heard that obama is entp . fitting . x ) nice hair ! ! :D see , you get it . maybe she dashed your affections to pieces because your hair wasn't long enough ... ;P kidding lol sorry man that sucks . :( don't vegetate on the couch * too * much . i've gotten high ... beautiful ! you and the painting both . 4243144243 06424322 do i look like an infj ? long hair on guys = beautiful . dooo it . amen . seriously . it sucks when we have to learn this the hard way , but i feel like every infj does ... we idealize . see past the red flags that are flying so flamboyantly in our faces , simply because ... thanks for sharing all this ! btw , i've heard lots of good things about infj / enfp pairings so it sounds like you're on to something there - especially since you say your core values are the same which ... oh i have no doubt in your spreadsheeting abilities ! i did see that one you linked to ... it went straight over my head . haha . didn't understand a thing : hampster : not implying that i'm afraid of ... oh i have no doubt in your spreadsheeting abilities ! i did see that one you linked to ... it went straight over my head . haha . didn't understand a thing : hampster : not implying that i'm afraid of ... lol , i highly doubt that x ) i'm sure there's plenty of people with split functions that just have no idea ... i'll be honest , i haven't spent much time studying cognitive functions other than the ... very true . good analogy ... yes , then i suppose my ti is extremely well developed . i know i'm an infj but sometimes i test as intj , and the tests that show percentage it's always like right in the ... ah ! i'm following you now ... yeah well of course my idealism forces me to stick with something less realistic haha . i've actually been hearing this preference from infjs a lot recently . if ... hmm , i don't think i would agree with this . most infjs i know would pick the fe answers . we usually are very people oriented and will concern ourselves with the feelings of others over concern with ... you cannot have understanding without communication . understanding is the result , not the means . so if you are not able to convey your thoughts and feelings to one another successfully , then ... haha , i'm not saying iron man is my role model , but as personality goes he definitely had the entp down quite classically . as for steve jobs , he is definitely not someone i would point to as a ... haaa ! this thread is cracking me up ... love it . well here's my two cents from the other side ... 1 . how to get an infj female to trust and open up to an entp male ? ( don't get lazy and just ... i have no idea . she seems like a happy lady though . oh i was being sarcastic , haha . i don't personally think infjs are characteristically flighty at all . but who knows , i could just be projecting . maybe i'm an exception to the rule ... but i must not be ... i've been finding this as well . one of my best friends is an esfj ( i think , definitely an sj at least ) and i'm finding it really hard to figure her out lol . and i think she feels the same about me . haha ! a wanna-talk-about-it-all , i love that ! i can't quite say for certain . he does blab a lot about himself haha . but i don't know him too well yet because we've only talked a few times . but the conversations we've had do tend to lean towards ... ok so here's the weird thing ... i know for a fact that i am 100 % infj . no doubt or question . i've taken multiples tests and gotten infj every time and everything i read on infjs resonates with me ... lol i bet ! they don't seem to take rejection from infjs too well ... haha , well apparently not all entps like us ! apparently we're flighty and awful people ;P aw that sucks i'm sorry dude : and as an infj i cannot agree with that saying ! ! ! lol loving something / someone means loving it and squeezing it forever and ever and ever until it dies and then we die ... so , does this mean that entps have trouble keeping close friends ? are you just constantly cycling through new people ? because well , the way i see it , when you have a close friend you tend to know how ... ah , so you're saying it's being emotionally flighty ... i don't really think that's a quality commonly associated with infj . we tend to be very dedicated and loyal . however if our values or morals ... definitely s . i knew after your first bullet lol ... an infj will talk abstract with you for hours and feed off of it . any n will . there's no such thing as an n who doesn't enjoy ... that's very true i do agree , people don't take the test properly many times . i do have a friend who's taken the test 3 times and got a different answer each time . but she hasn't been instructed on ... i totally agree 100 % about having similar goals / values being more important . no matter what types you are as long as you're dedicated and patient , you can make it work . another point for the infj / enfp pairing ! ! :) no , thank you so much for sharing , even if it wasn't about an entp . i want to know about relationships with all types ! it sounds like you guys have an ... haha , oh you know ... insane in the membraannnee ... insane in the brain ! see - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAlNrtcPCLw i don't even know how i know this honestly . i have a sneaking suspicion that many people mis-type themselves . so when people say that they know a lot of infjs .. i don't really believe them lol . anyway , i do feel like an immature infj would ... what exactly do you mean by emotional bauble ? infj / enfp pairings are seeming to be close contenders with the infj / entp pairing as far as preference goes i'm noticing . the relationship seems to be very endearing ... anyway thanks for sharing that ! ... haha i feel like we're in the same boat - i think i know what i wan't ... but not really at all also i have the same problem i think with esfjs that you have with istps . i am drawn to them ... ^ ^ this exchange made me lol it's super true , entps like to socialize so if you're not socializing , you won't meet them . and i've seen the whole i'm bored with you , moving on thing in action ... '