' i insult myself constantly . i don't know if i can even call this a mask or not , but sometimes , i act more angry , or more upset toward myself , than i really am . and i think it's because every mistake ... just want to clear something up : vegetarians do not eat fish . it's a common misconception , and unfortunately a lot of people claim to be vegetarians who eat fish or chicken , but no . and if fish ... i'm sorry i took so long to respond to this - thank you for your help ! i have managed to get my friend to calm down a lot since the last time we talked , when she was really frantic about all of ... warning : this could end up being very long . i posted a little bit about this here , i encourage you to read it since there are a few things i don't want to type out again :P ... it's amazing to me how when there is a serious problem at hand , most people will just wait around for that hero to come and save the day , to do all of the work for them . in reality , if all of these ... what would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you ? well ... this probably sounds crazy , but i'd probably try to be more like jarlaxle from forgotten realms . by that , i mean i'd ... no one . ;) wanderlust 94 : thank you for your kind words . i'm feeling a lot better today . a few good friends of mine were talking with me about it and we all came to the conclusion that as much as i'd love to ... every night , without fail , i ask for the safety of the man i love . i don't think livid can even describe how i'm feeling right now . eight hours have gone by , and i'm as pissed off now as i was then . there aren't words powerful enough to describe how angry i am . i ... it doesn't mean much to me , actually . i've been meaning to change it to something else . it's just a small part of an old manip i made from some photography i took months and months ago . my main issue with peta is that they throw huge fits over really stupid things while ignoring very serious issues . i went vegetarian for a lot of reasons - my own principles and health for a ... out of curiosity , did you ever eat beans ? beans are actually a really , really good thing to have in vegetarian diet . fake meats are actually pretty bad for you if you eat them regularly , so while i ... yeah , as someone who's really big into dogs and has spent all of her life in the dog community so to speak , this is definitely something that gets me , and i'm glad someone else sees it ! basically , ... petatards give vegetarians a bad image . =/ i can totally see why your brother would hate them . after a few months of being vegetarian i went to visit my dad for a couple of weeks . we went ... haha , thanks . i was kinda self conscious about how long that list ended up being ... xd my list is going to be long , i expect . 1 . i keep as much up to date as i can on the news on the middle east , especially syria because i have a few acquaintances there , and someone who i care about ... i think one of the key issues when it comes to romance and relationships is that people often confuse lust or attraction with love . lust and attraction are certainly part of it , but actual love isn't ... hopeless . like i need to just go away somewhere where no one knows me , and continue my miserable existence alone . thanks ! i've heard that , too , actually ! i'm part italian , so i'd really love to see italy myself . and i have some research i want to do in greece . :D safety and being able to live comfortably - not necessarily wealthy , just without having to worry too much about being able to eat or be healthy . i've only traveled to mexico , when i was really young and don't remember much of it , but i'd love to see italy , greece , and syria . i'm learning italian right now , actually . :D i might be able to ... - edit - i also want to add to non-infps that if any of you want to sign you are , of course , welcome to ! we'd really appreciate it . =) i have a friend from syria who i care about a lot , and things ... my mouth is in sooo much pain . i have been smiling big for a day straight . why ? the guy i have the world's hugest crush on said i have an amazing smile and gorgeous look . <3 i think drizzt do'urden comes pretty close , as far as high fantasy goes . one of these : assassins - the assassin's creed wiki - assassin's creed , assassin's creed ii , assassin's creed : brotherhood , walkthroughs and more ! ... okay , maybe not . D: i'd dabble in all ... i am almost never assertive , and it's actually become a big problem for me , because i've become submissive to a point where i'm being taken advantage of and emotionally hurt often . but , i have close ... i do this , but that's because i deal with a lot of people from different cultures , so i need to make sure that my behavior and interactions with them are appropriate . when i'm dealing with people ... i make faces at myself in the bathroom mirror . i'm surprised by how many expressions the human face is capable of , come to think of it . my normal expression throughout the day is something like this : ... i actually don't have one single favorite color , but favorite color themes - usually , i like colors that are sun or autumn themed , like bright golds , dark reddish-pinks , etc . i'm usually more stressed / frustrated than actually angry , but when i am angry ? whooo , watch out ! injustice bothers me greatly , i have no tolerance for it . usually , when i'm angry , it's because ... to be honest , i've only had one instance where this has happened , and it's with the man i've fallen for now . my reaction to it ... well , it's a very strange case , sooo ... i saw him online , and ... my favorite youtube video ever ... :D http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UHqPzaUrMDQ dear self-for-the-past-four-years ; holy crap you are the world's biggest pushover ! seriously , what happened to you , dude ? when you were 11 , you could have taken on the whole world ! your ... i have a very emotionally ( and on one side , physically ) abusive family , so i pretty much pretend most of them dropped off the face of the earth . i consider my mom and my two stepsisters my friends , ... for me , it really depends . i actually learn better when i have two different subjects to switch back and forth , so i'm learning two languages at the moment , arabic and italian . i'm going to volunteer ... ecstatic . i heard from someone i was worried about , and i remembered what it's like to smile so big that , after an hour , your mouth starts to hurt . <3 i'm learning two languages at once . i know , most people would call it crazy , but it actually works really well for me given my learning style . i'm learning them both at a slow pace - italian and ... he likes me ! 8d i got 6 . =P this is a spiritual thing , i guess , but in one of my past lives , i died protecting someone i loved . if i had to choose my death , i would prefer to go the same way . that time , i jumped in front of him ... while i am generally non-confrontational in person , there have been many times on a few certain sites where the admins / mods went way out of control , and i had no problem at all telling them off for ... i know it's been a little while since i made this post , i apologize for taking so long to respond to everyone . i've had some difficult things going on in my life lately . actually ... that's not ... not only do i have an uncommon personality type , i'm also a therian , and given the negative image therianthropy in general has because of a total lack of reliable information and extremism ... yeah . i ... note : while i'm sharing examples of myself here , this isn't a thread just about me . i'm wondering if other people might have similar issues . note 2 : i am what's referred to as a therian , and no , ... i hate being such a # $ ^ pushover . this is my biggest problem right now : i'm way too submissive . i mentioned before that i moved a really long way to live with my father and his family because ... i detest most of my family , and were a few of them ever to try and find me , would probably attack them if need be . to be fair , much of my family is incredibly evil and abusive . most people i know , no ... no , dad . i'm not bipolar because i'm upset about things . i am not bipolar at all , actually . you're just looking for something to have in common with me , that isn't there , so you can hold it over me ... edit : gah , wrong thread . my confession : i love you . you'll never read this , and if we never do get together , i'm all right with that . i can accept that . all of your kindness toward me has meant ... i'm definitely a drifter , but it depends on some things . if something really captures my interest and is important to me , it'll stay important to me for the rest of my life . i think back to over ... '