' horoscope = the superficial version of astrology . i'm an astrologer and there's much , much more to it than the popular horoscope that is the utter misrepresentation of astrology . a lot of people ... this was my initial thought . it is already hard to type strangers in the real world because a lot of factors come into play such as mental health issues , upbringing , and culture . so , how much harder ... the aux function is almost always bowing at the feet of the dominant function . if the aux function ever starts competing with the dom , then a issue occurs . fe in the aux position has to either ... hi . i mistyped myself and therefore , would like a name change . the name i'd like is ' pinkskymelody . ' i just recorded this today . : blushed : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUEDAN-c2hs&feature=youtu.be it's no problem for me . i'm an astrologer .. i'm just familiar with gemini women .. :) this is simply my opinion , btw but .. geminis are often double that way , it seems . they love and hate .. so , i'm not surprised . i know this thread is old but i found it by a google search and i am such a 478 but a sexual variant and i relate to everything written here .. especially about the love department . i stopped getting ... based on this information i'm going to say infp because si is indicated when you say you see something new and are reminded of something of the past ... also , you entertain theories , etc .. extroverted ... .. a definite se user , either in the first position or second position ... estp with mature fe . i'm an infp but i got enfp wow , i always got iei on tests and never thought to look into eii .. but you just helped me find my true sociotype . thank you ! jaguarpap - honestly , i guessed based on the vibe of the avatar you used . it reminded me of a bar where guys go get drunk . then , i associated jaguar with cars .. that was probably ignorant but that's ... captain cam : isfj . ( this was for the person before the last . me and jag posted at the same time . ) jaguarpap : this is for the person right above me : istp just pretend you dont see my username . :D i was about to guess iei , then i saw that you were an iei . did i cheat ? : confused : do you think mbti and enneagram theories should be mixed ? why or why not ? i think enneagram and mbti can be looked at side by side if you go down the cognitive functions , which i will explain the ... in 2o15 .. when i first got into mbti , i knew and was comfortable with the fact that i was infp .. but then i went through this silly phase thinking i was other things .. only to return back to the fact ... the whole idealist sad girl thing just seems like an image she rocks with . that's just the vibe i get from her . i like her music but i don't know about her . i think you misunderstood what i meant by measurably distasteful . i think a lot of people on this site somehow misunderstand the things i mean because perhaps i don't word things right . i thought i ... well , you see .. i have things i like / dislike as any human but i feel as though i'm not as judgy as the majority of society . i've made friends with people who've done some horrific things because i ... i do relate to this to an extent ... but i feel there's a large portion missing here ... i enjoyed reading your post , too .. it gave me great visuals .. ( which i'm also good at .. i can watch a movie ... i understand what you're saying ... i'll watch the video with an open mind .. i do like learning .. and if it can help me then i'm totally open to it . 💖 you are right . my imagination is very large but so is my spirituality . i basically don't live on this planet the majority of time i'm awake .. even when i am doing awake things . i'm not shying away ... at this point i'm drained but i don't want to be rude so i'm reading your replies .. i think the problem i'm having is how much more can one make a sensor believe in unverifiable sensory things before ... these are great infos on isfps ... in my opinion .. i've considered isfp and even made a thread asking am i isfp or infp & personalitycafe members said infp / isfp . .. i think my problem is i relate to ... i wasn't talking about you in that entire quote , i was referring to the one who said those beliefs are an imagination .. and it seems unlikely for an se dom to hold those believes due to lack of ... thank you for answering me . i enjoyed your response . i may start out with having an idea but the patterns of the universe , someone's behavior or whatever i'm studying will validate these ... i'll ... .. nevermind i quoted one person but am really answering many . ) for some reason the people on here have a hard time comprehending what i'm trying to convey . me believing in a starseed & believing in past ... i think the thing is , how would i know which information to trust ? there are a lot of different websites to observe the functions on , which i do day in and day out . most of my days are spent ... edit : double post so ni doesn't pick up on or just feels like it ' knows ' certain things ? i've spent a year and some months reading about the functions and that doesn't help matters because a vast majority of ... when i created this thread , i wanted to understand how a ti-user could come to the conclusion that the bible is legit based on logical consistencies . this is the very foundation i thought ti stood ... honestly , i thought fi was doing what you wanted to do . like , if i don't feel like doing something , i'm not doing it . an fi value to me would be like hating bullies , abortion , or people who hunt ... first , if there's any chance that you're going to get offended at this post , don't answer . i don't want to offend anyone's internal framework but i thought that went without saying . secondly , ... sei i've had a rough week with the mbti community because i feel as though i'm ni dom and fi dom and according to you smart folks and other smart folks , that can't happen . i don't see the world or ... i agree to this . i am a loser & i spent loads of time online .. then again , i have agoraphobia .. but still a total loser , nonetheless . 😍 hardy har har ! i came here to ask the same question and i kind of think it's how straightforward you guys are . i'm super attracted to entj men . damn you ! i don't think all ti doms or aux are smart but the nature of ti , i thought was to break things down until they are in raw form . so , then i figured , if a ti dom broke down the bible , asked / answered ... as long as it's about my own personal life . i think donald trump is an enneagram 387 . i also think he's a narcissist and i'd have to keep my distance from anyone who had 3 as their leading type , followed by 8 because it sounds like it could ... sorry if this is too long . please help me out if you can or if you feel like it . please also give detailed explanations about whatever you may decide & please be nice & respectful . <3 i know that ... first off , it doesn't matter if a 4 is useless to you , it's not about you , anyhow .. therefore , your opinion is not as important as you think . if you think judging people on how you can use them is ... multiple personality disorder if you're a christian ti dom , i'm very interested in learning about the way your brain works . i've been going over this in my head and can't understand how , with all of the contradictions in it , how ... if it was too much to bother , then you should've just kept your irrelevant data to yourself . wow , i like the way you think ! .. very nice post . :) i learned something new and i'm definitely gonna try this ! my ideal life only exists in tim burton films .. i believe that anything good can happen to anyone , unexpectedly .. on any given day .. which means , you always have a chance of having your tangible dreams fulfilled . like , if you're in a contest , you ... '