' or something like that lol have any of you ever had that is this real life type moment . like you can be fine one minute and the next minute everything just seems so surreal , and you feel even more out of place then before ... enunciate ! i can't understand a word you're saying . you're a whole new dimension of weird . titaaaniiiuuummm ! to enjoy my emotions and change others live's for the better . to never be forgotten . to help the people you love become the people you know they can be , larger than life and deserving of everything ... i would never want to be anything other then infp . i can see why people wouldn't want to be us though we're the most likely to get the most hurt , because we are so emotionally aware , and truly want ... ducatti , ferrari rhyming i like lol this one in particular rings very true to me ! i think i'll add that on to my philosophy ! :D since i'm super complex as i'm sure everyone on this forum is , i try to keep my philosophy on life as simple as possible . this is what i pretty much love and live by : live life , love hard , give ... preach lol hell yea ! if by boring you mean totally . mind blowingly , fan.fucking.tastic . well i know alotta people would've missed out on a lot of selfless love , with me being the sap i am ! lol there def would've been a lot of people with one less good friend . there are very few things i ... that's almost exactly what i said ! i think i just found my spirit animal . ( an alternative word for soulmate ) lol ps how am i typing in orange now ? ? i realiza that as infp's we are very observant , and intuitive . we know how to hurt a person , because we can read between the lines and figure out what their insecurities are . as friends this is a ... i listen to music , watch movies , eat , and read . thiese are my activities much of the time for i always feel stressed , and even if i don't who doesn't like to do theses things ? listen it seems your ... i def have premonitions . i dream pretty much every night sleep just wouldn't feel right without them . sometimes i see the future in my dreams just little glimpses it could happen years weeks or in a ... i honestly have no idea but really interesting thoughts . you shouldn't think you're unworthy of love though . i think it's very rarely that you find a person undeserving of love . also it's noble to ... i for one cannot go a week without finding someone to crush on ( an exaggeration but there's always someone . i don't think i've ever been long without some type of crush . i don't try to , but there ... i was just recently dealing with this . it seems i went through my identity crisis a little late in highschool , but i got over it . drugs and alcohol were present but not really a problem for me . i ... i totally understand this , only instead of it being with regular classes it was with my spanish class , and i didn't understand what my teacher was saying because she was speaking spanish ... maybe ... i'm a senior in highschool now , and it's actually pretty awesome . i always had a central group of friends though i was friendly to everyone . my group of friends was always the weird , corky , crazy , ... wow that's really shitty . lol sounds like you made the right call in leaving him , and yeah burn that tablet bago thanks that's really good advice i will follow it , and thank you for the help . you were very insightful 67 not surprised my friend wanted me to go out with her the other night . i said like it was no big deal , but it was a big deal . i don't know any of her friends , and was fucking terrified of meeting new people and ... this is something i realize i do pretty well . mostly with aquantices tho never good friends . i think it can be a good or bad thing.if they don't notice you ignore them or they are only minorly ... i am bisexual she is a lesbian , and she has no problem with me sexually i don't think , but i do see your point about her having her opinion . i just don't think her opinion's right , and that's ... that does actually sound like her . i guess i was just hoping she wouldn't feel that way with me , but thanks for your words of encouragement . it's realy good to hear people turn what's been deemed a ... thanks you guys i think i really needed to hear that . i have no idea how to tell her about it . after reading these threads for awhile i see that infp's generally don't reveal how they're feeling when they're mad at someone especially if it's an enfp ... ellen paige johnny depp julia roberts drew barrymore amanda seifried that chick from surburgatory , and daria ! ok guys i've been feeling pretty heartbroken lately so if u don't want to hear i bunch of bitching then get off this thread lol . anyway this girl who i've recently come to know on a pretty deep ... sleep ! yes this causes me the most debate in the mornings ! i swear i'd be content with lying comfortably in my blanket all day ! i'd need to get thick curtains though so that pesky sunlight won't wake ... i sometimes find myself frozen in place by the most simple decisions . like today i seriously had an argument with myself about which way would be the best way to make it back to my desk . well if i ... yeees i argue about whether a guys like me or not too ! ( fyi they do exist ... ) intrapersonal thinkers : spend a lot of time thinking about and trying to understand themselves reflect on their thoughts and moods , and work to improve them you understand how your behaviour ... i've always wondered . i love being special and all , but i really wish there was more of us . =/ yes i get this feeling of dread . it's never who you want it to be either . nature ! nature ! nature ! nature ! that's my evidence that's my god and the only thing worship . i think what a lot of people don't get is that dark is just as natural and beneficial as the light things in life . i never found it to be scary just another truth in the world , begging to be explored . only recently with a new friend of mine . i kind of have a girl crush on her so i think i idealize her , but yeah i have been feeling really dissatisfied with our relationship . she seems like she cares ... i do that all the time , and you're right you shouldn't apologize for your opinions ! i just took this quiz in sociology class . my results were that i probably seek social desirability more than most peopel . i didn't think this was the case . but recently i've been looking at how i ... i just get really horny , but i did get a gf that way .. so awesome . i also get really brave and become what i like to call socially adequate lol but i hate not being in control so i try and stay away ... times like this make me wish i were wittier * sigh * another lost opportunity . not all just the good ones . =D that was awesome . you're the man lol that is my biggest fear if i ever have kids 0 . o lol shoelaces is my thing . its not like i can forget they're untied because they always get in the way . it just takes me forever to get around to tying them . eventually people are like hey ... '