' i do extremely risky things . as long as im not the first one to do it . somebody has daddy issues . http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/134945-member-videos.html im pretty sure there's a whole thread of istp self shot videos , both male and female . dont know the name of the thread though . i think it was made by victoriab haha , high schools a joke . a joke with a messed up punch line . a depressed loner with shitty grades pretty much sums up my high school experience . at least until my senior year that was a little ... try getting in a near death experience with him , it would probably change the playing field a little . bonding through fear is a very valid thing as wellfxd said , it might not be for you , but i used to be just like that when i was younger . i would start playing and quite a while later . i think my problem though is that i would start off trying ... i used to play drums and was pretty good but stopped playing since they're so damn inconvenient . also just started learning guitar and am getting pretty good . but yea i love making music i feel like ... you should date her , its best to get all those anxious mistakes outa the way while your young . that way when you do find the one some day youll know what not to do . life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . this is my dream im just speaking from experience , everytime i get called a badass im pretty shocked . also you pretty much said the same thing as me , except in different words . a real badass would never call them selves a badass . and if someone else tried to call you one . youd probly say your not my idea of meditating is being in the woods , when im in the outdoors i feel completely there , not a single thought going through my head dirty harry was an investigator which means he doesnt have to deal with the same bs as a street cop . with that being said i would prefer to be an investigator porn and stumble upon theres really only one person i know who i can do absolutely crazy shit with dont know his type and dont care cuz we get fuqin wild . ex . we were drunk as hell tryin to show off with some new people ... if you had an energy burst that lasted a minimum of 2 weeks , your probably bipolar haha , who the hell talks on the phone while on a motorcycle well if your new into hunting , it usually cost more money then its worth back then they didnt want me , now im hot they all on me . if i even get one person addicted to fishing , my life is complete . also yes catch and release is the way to go . its all the fun without any of the dirty work . but seriously anytime i feel stressed ... take up fishing , it cures all problems im about his age and also very lazy . when i dont have a job though i get ten times lazier and just start to lose hope and get down on my self , its a pretty vicious cycle . when i get a job though and ... haha well ive watched enough porn to know that it takes about 100 bucks to get a happy ending . so ask for the good looking asian chick the day i retire is the day i win the lottery i can unfortunately relate to that last part , but i try to be as masculine as possible at all times . so no girl would ever ask me to do girly things with them , and if they did i would instantly make ... hmm . i went to a pretty cliqued high school and hung out mostly with skater kids . with that being said i would shoot the shit with jocks , nerds , partiers , hulligans , gang bangers , and everyone in ... yea i have a few . cleaning my car cleaning my room cutting the grass you know what they say . great minds drink alike . yea for some reason i have a much better attention span while slightly buzzed simple : alright , well have a good night . ill text you later wow , cant beleave i just read all that , but im glad i did runs towards you and licks your face p . s . actually did what ? well im pretty interested to see what the other types have to say about this . genius well first off have you ever heard the saying , if you find yourself calling every one boring , maybe its not them . also if your istp and going to a bar you better be getting shitty , not necessarily to ... fast dangerous cars give me quite the chub , or anything dangerous for that matter . for a quick fling any girl that wants to have sex with me is a huge turn on . but for some reason i like skinny ... never much been big into art . but i definitely like the stuff that evokes feelings . saw this quote somewhere , art should comfort the disturbed and disturb the comfortable . i love working on cars , its just i cant remember which part does which . that happens to make it pretty complicated . also dont trust mechanics as 2 more problems arise every time they fix your car . your definitely not a super villian as this quote clearly gives it away ill drink to that there are few things better than an ice cold beer after a long day of working . although i am under age and dont get to do it that often ( few more months to go ) , it also knocks me out . as far as ... oh yea , no doubt coffe is my wonder drug in the early am . if i dont time for coffee , i dont have to time for being nice well first off if i lived with 3 women i would literally go insane . and be a huge asshole everychance i got . especially if my daughters wernt independent enough to get a job move out . if your really ... i dont know man , this is looking more and more like an istp thing after all . as in it gave you the want to bully people ok so i was kind of an asshole to my boss this morning but he didnt care as hes more of a friend than employer . anyway alot of the time i get really mean and grumpy right when i wake up until about ... from my experience , the only way to humble a bully is to punch him square in the nose . but depending on what grade you in , it might not be the best idea . a safer way is to just make him feel stupid ... well for starters , does your penis go in or out . as for the type not to sure it probably means hes in love with you . id rather someone stare at me like that than say some sappy bs '