' ( ( ( happy for you ) ) ) : sun-smiley : first of all * * * hugs * * * i can feel your pain at accidentally offending someone despite trying so hard not to . you know this already , but despite perfect behavior people ... i wish i had some great wisdom to share here but i don't . i'll just share my two cents : 1 ) when in doubt , communicate . sounds like you and your boss have talked about things , which is great . but ... i absolutely love and adore intjs . my so is one , and our ni-ni clicked right away in a very deep tell me everything you've learned about the world kinda way . a big part of it is that we ... hmm ... i'll pass for now . if anyone finds good tidbits , please share ! i can totally relate ! the stereotype is that infjs are great writers , but i'm such a better speaker , in person . my biggest problem is editing ( and actually i make a great editor if i do say so ... you sound infp , to me . my advice : forget the tests . read the forums and you'll get a better feel for it . i don't mind repeating myself that much , but what i can't stand is being told the same thing twice . i'm like , i heard you the first time ! no surprise : patience is not one of my virtues . : kitteh : in yoga , the stretch should feel a bit uncomfortable but not painful . same is true here . when pushing boundaries , have an exit plan . based on the little info here , i'd guess intj . my intj is really lazy and not particularly organized , except for the projects he cares about . and there are only 2 or 3 of those total . what ... disagree . every infj i know is too picky to settle . they'd rather be alone . i waited , and now i've found my intj soulmate ( as you define it ) , and we're happy . don't give up . a bit non sequitur here , but why are you guys picking on the roman ? life is short . enjoy the show . it felt love how did the rose ever open its heart what a great question ! i have no idea , but there's an amazing subreddit called askhistorians you could post on : https://www.reddit.com/r/AskHistorians who's up for a field trip ? ! same . too much people time = need alone time i start spending more time in the bathroom , ha . that's the ultimate emergency exit when i need a second alone . these forums are another escape ... i have very think walls but don't put them up all the time . when i feel attacked , sometimes my walls come up so high i can't even speak to people i love - i need space to ' feel safe ' and time to ... intj the i keeps me sane the n keeps me interested the t gives me a new perspective the j keeps me sane i would pull out the hammer . look , you and your wife are constantly making comments about my size . it's rude and inappropriate and i've already asked you nicely to stop several times . i want to ... yes yes yes yes yes i find that my sense of humor is out of sync with most people . here's what it looks like : - person makes a joke i don't find funny so i don't laugh and then they're ... entp ? run away ! run away ! in all seriousness , to quote someone else in the forum , he found a new shiny . my intj boyfriend , especially if i want detailed advice my enfj super best friend , especially if i want to be ' heard ' and feel less alone in the world my 2 close enfp friends , especially if i ... before i found my people : - are you ok ? - you're too sensitive - you over analyze things - you're too bossy - you're too nice - you make it too easy [ i . e . don't play hard to get ] action oriented for sure . i have no patience for blah blah blah . let's get to the point , make it happen , and move on . i don't do it intentionally but do notice correlations between personality type and writing style . for example if i see : hello there everyone ! ! i'm new to the enfp forums and seriously need some ... said no infj ever . we're sticklers for authenticity and often have bleeding hearts . honestly , you don't sound infj or intj . actually you don't sound n to me at all . ( look at all you intjs falling ... my biggest weakness is getting defensive . and i'm really great at defending myself and my views in a very blunt let . me . tell . you . how . this . is . going . to . work . kinda way . it's effective but way ... try looking places where people aren't talking so much . coffee shops , parks , bookstores etc . even visually , if you scan a room , infjs aren't the first ones you'll notice . we're generally not wearing ... infj here . that's how i act if i like someone ... but it's also how i act if i like someone as a friend and think they're interesting . so , if i were you i'd make my interest clear though text ... intj for sure . sometimes i seem more intj than my intj boyfriend . as a hostess i seem enfj and at the right , rare , kind of party i can seem enfp . as a team with an entj , we're unstoppable , and look ... nox , you are a master . nailed it . esfj mom istj dad = estj sister infj me yes , it was rough . i've never really related to the enneagram . couldn't figure out if i was a 9 , 5 , 2 or what . just took the test again and came out a 1 - seems right . i don't know about infps but i'm very expressive in both my face and body . it's hard for me to hide what i'm thinking and feeling - even when i'm daydreaming it's obvious . usually , it puts people at ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BmErRm-vApI surprised to hear about entp social anxiety . you guys seems so , i dono , smoooth . where i live there are lots of ns , and the entp and entjs are like kings . a nerd mecca , really . i do still feel ... interesting to see so many infj's say math . i was always good with math but horrible with spelling and language classes . math wasn't interesting to me though - i was always thinking , what's the ... 1 ) names - i know you are too but i'm even worse than that . 2 ) spelling - less of a problem with technology , but still . 3 ) humor - i don't get it . yes , love is possible ! i found love but not exactly in the way i expected . interesting to hear about other infj / istj relationships . i almost married an istj but broke it off after we moved in ... my intj was so awkward about affection when we first started hanging out . it's like he wanted to be near me but didn't know how to do it . * smirk * now he comes round regularly to fill his ... find yourself an intj friend or lover for hours and hours of entertainment--it never gets old ! entp will play this game too ... when they manage to show up . i'm no mbti expert , so take this with a scoop of peanut butter . infj see ideas and systems too , but those ideas and systems are often focused on people and society . my intj and i love playing the ... i never knew you till now , but here's a * hug * goodbye . happy exploring ! what does that look like ? please share . hadn't heard of it . i'm still not sure i really understand se but i'm getting better at it , at least visually , for example by wearing more expressive clothes . when i'm stressed though i'll sometimes ... this is like poetry . tragic yet beautiful . i love that they love us too ... even if they can't use that word ! the ni bond is just so strong and there's so much depth and opportunity for learning on both sides . ( i swear i'm not trying to turn ... your rambling is much welcome . nice sig and photo too . :) for the most part i absolutely adore intjs and i'm lucky to be close to a few of them . there are a couple intjs in my life though that really get under my skin . one is married to an infj best ... here's one test : if you always end up being the responsible person , you're infj . ... oh , i forgot to ask : is anyone else surprised how many people selected intj in the poll ? i know that's true for me but i didn't realize it was common . i'd have guessed nfs would choose another nf , ... '