' i think he's an estp nah dude , youre an intp . not all intps are so similar , i know cuz i also have a well developed fe function but i aint not extrovert . these awkward idiots cant seem to accept the fact that someone has ... to raise it my way continue the bloodline maybe one of my descendants will rule an empire or some shit he's not too outgoing , he stays in the lab most of the time and is rarely shown socializing with the rest of the crew . mordin talks fast cuz he's a salarian , it's part of their biology . mordin is an ... you know you're an intp when you dont want to be an intp . when you are ashamed of your intp kin . ron = istp why would you think otherwise ? leslie = esfj thought she was enfj but ne is obvious . andy = esfp obvious tom = esfp no comment ben = intj ambitious , thinks long term . awkward in ... mordin is an obvious intp ! seens like an intp to me , or istp . hey idiots , intps are great debaters too . gandalf as an intp at expert human this convinced me . overmen lord of the rings lol changed my mind , russell = esfp . no wait , definitely isfj . she has a constant desire to be normal and be part of the flock . she even would go as far as destroying her powers ( the thing that makes her unique ) just to be a normal ... maybe she is infj . she just seems too boring and simple ( even if she does have fairy powers ) . i don't know . sookie keeps going back to bill despite not working on the past , if she had dominant ni then she would predict that the relationship would fail again . i chose intp for andy because unlike istjs , he is not a very responsible character . he prefers to use deductive logic when going on with his cases , deductive reasoning is many times attributed to ti ... elf even if it was for the worst . what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? i ’ ll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i ’ ve been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and ... - math and science is boring ! - gym bunny - passionate about improving my country and looking to do something about it - like leading and following - like fighting about being socially ... lol , how do you post video ? hell yes world domination ! barbarians swooping down the hills slaughtering the opposing forces ! nationalistic music and marches on every street . having the world adore you as you drink the blood of ... cats are definitely istps . savage and opportunistic , subtle and secretive . then we need an u200bentj to carry out our revolution ! we need a revolution ! another assertive intp here . dont know where the stereotype of intps hating being leaders comes from . i think esfj and esfp are thought as stupid because they are the opposite of the oh so smart intp and intj . mindfuck ! something that isnt meant to be ? who established the rules of typing characters ? cant believe i forgot about the protagonist . sookie = isfj ( maybe , i just analyzed her in less than 15 seconds ) you guys all suck at typing ! eric = istp jason = estp bill = isfp russell = entp ( really crazy one at that ) lafayette = enfp what do you think ? time to analyze . tolkien did not direct the movies though . lolwut so ? i have an isfp friend obsessed with comic books and i hate comic books . light = esfp l = esfj misa amane = istj ryuk = isfj rem = estj mello = istp near = esfp matsuda = entj light's dad = enfp ligth's sister = intj why would dooku be an infj ? i don't see any auxiliary fe in him or fe at all more like te . anakin seems to be too stupid to be an enfp and you can clearly see the se is strong in him . are you trolling ? cuz if you are then i must congratulate you on your success . if not then that's fine . but they can i see it like this . sorry if i dont explain why but im too lazy and tired now , maybe later . characters from the movies . gandalf = intp frodo = infp sam = isfj aragorn = ixxx very difficult for me , ... it's intps like you that make me proud of my type . eddy = entp may seem estp because of his way with people but eddy comes up with a lot of creative ideas coming from his ne and he definitely does not show any se . entp look at stuff and find ... as much as i wish barbossa was an intp , i dont see how . he seems like an entj to me with his controlling personality and authoritative figure . he does seem to act like an intp sometimes though . chaotic good type 3 i believe . my infp cousin and i always talk about society and how to improve it universally . he is more neutral good . i am what you could call an intp idealist . boss = estp the se is incredibly strong in this one . the guy lives for physical excitement not for knowledge , love , or money ( a little ) . sj ? no way in hell , he rapes rules and those who enforce it ... whoa , i thought the istj title the duty fulfillers was an exaggeration , but after this thread ... i don't know king henry viii = entj or estp mary tudor = infj but maybe istj or isfj elizabeth = cant say for sure it's completely obvious that the infp life partner is the estj . they have lots of things in common like the need for food , water , sleep , and oxygen . it pisses me off how he does not understand quantum physics . seriously , that's like the easiest thing ever . : tongue : beethoven's moonlight sonata . it's music to my ears : happy : '