' your global 5 / sloan type is sluei your primary type is unstructured extroversion : 62 % orderliness : 28 % emotional stability : 48 % accommodation : 34 % inquisitiveness : 62 % sluei david bowie - the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars nas - illmatic joy division - unknown pleasures bob dylan - bringing it all back home japan - adolescent sex op , i think it's both , but more of the latter reason than the former . i'd also throw in oversocialization ( as outlined in the unabomber manifesto ) , so-called awareness , trendiness factor , faking ... i don't care what other people think , period . 1 ) didn't go to my prom . 2 ) i didn't go because i moved to that high school before my senior year , and even though i made friends and such , i didn't know enough people to warrant going . i spent the ... ... whoever holds his own life in scorn will always be master of that of others - - montaigne started writing my novel the other day after two years of research and planning def got to turn off ti though , lest you fall into the trap of editing as you write ( and it's easier said than ... op : i'm right there with you . i've grown frustrated at the apathy of the american electorate and the disingenuous nature of the way our system is currently being run . i've already decided that i am ... crushed up d-amp dissolved in water , followed by a cigarette ( non-menthol , but after the come-up i'm not picky ) and a book intp 9 , 1 , 5 , 8 , 3 wish i had friends to discuss books with xsxj's generally david cameron in the house of commons wooow i was joking when i posted that last year ; was waiting for a new album estj ( mom ) = huge negative influence on my life ; have essentially cut all ties with her and that side of the family , trying to make me into something i'm not enfp ( apparently all my romantic ... i was referring to the general public opinion of them ; of course there's nothing inherently loser-ish about sequestering yourself in the library and playing a collectible card game . someone getting ... i will watch every nba playoff game ( but the portland / dallas series is going to be long and pointless since neither team will get to the conference finals ) , try to throw in hockey here and there ( go ... i love all sports , playing and watching . i appreciate the passion and artistry of sports . still looking for love that's not ephemeral broke up with gf few days ago ; 18 months , and now begins the unenviable processs of her moving out and all that entails ( e . g . not being around the ... stumbleupon espn stanford encyclopedia of philosopohy just add alcohol consulting he must have made sure that no news of cheating came out this year . good for him ! pats still won't win the sb though . but yeah , belichick is a master at those half-time adjustments . man was born free , and everywhere he is in irons - - jean-jacques rousseau if you wind up with a boring , miserable life because you listened to your mom , your dad , your teacher , your priest or ... man , just do you . leave the safe confines of your house and bravely step out into the world . listen to what she's saying , talk , make eye contact , pretend to be confident , etc . you'll fail at first . miserably . you've ... i only know that i know nothing , so i would learn what i could from them ; also , certain types aren't inherently more intelligent . but there are different types of intelligence . why bother - weezer i've known a lotta girls before what's the harm in knowin ' one more ? maybe we could even get together maybe you could break my heart next summer why bother ? it's gonna ... 67 % , but i bet i'd have done better if i'd been interested in the test or if i'd spent more than three minutes on it . meh . my girlfriend recently said that she needed to stop hanging out with me ; she started saying vapid too often . one of my coworkers laughed when i said something about sordid affairs in reference to not doing drug deals at work . only you , he said . said it before and i'll say it again : things like communication , mutual respect , attraction , honesty , etc . all play a bigger role than mbti type . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=076MrMynyak if you ever get the chance , watch sansho the baliff . jesus , i felt like crying more than i did . elevator to the gallows was really good . actually , most french new wave stuff is good ( god , i fell in love with jean seberg in breathless ) . kurosawa is great . seven samurai may be his best , but my ... my mother is an estj , and i am fucking glad to be moving out next month . endless lectures , refusal to even entertain different points of view , talking to fucking everyone , etc ... blegh . it happens from time to time , and it is kinda an annoyance when you have to remember to breathe manually for a minute or two . shot up for the first time , and ( unsuprisingly ) it was intense . pick up drinking / using other illicit drugs before going to school . makes it more fun / bearable . i did whatever the fuck i wanted to in high school , and could hold a conversation with anyone from the losers playing yu-gi-oh in the library to the offensive linemen on the football team . be ... erowd.org is exactly what spurred me on to try these substances . if only i could find some acid though ... i never trusted the dare counselors when they came to my school . they never gave us the reason why people did drugs , and just demonized them . when i had an opportunity to finally try it myself ( with ... mdma is great if you can find any that isn't cut with amphets . i would suggest trying it again , but not unless it's molly ( for the uninitiated , pure mdma powder in capsules ) . just don't do it by ... did you puke when you tried the morning glory seeds ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RKXw1JEyaKM i don't know how that song works . uppers are great ( in moderation of course , but i never follow my own advice ) . can be totally unpredictable though : sometimes i become e , sometimes ne gets expressed waaay too much , sometimes i ... from what i've read , the rape allegations really are just trumped-up charges ( a tale of a lover scorned basically ; those damn females ! ) . his non-fabricated actions ? crucial for those who want , no , ... splash 28 a treasure trove indeed . i mean , if it's just one bug , i tend to look the other way ( or if i'm at work , i'll sweep it outside ) . except mosquitos , which seems like a given . giant spiders ... well , i ask my little brother to ... i don't know ; i've had to nearly beat women off with a stick . of course , being attractive helps . maybe extreme / unhealthy intps creep out women ; then again , it could just be the women said intps ... amazon.com : the oxford english dictionary : blue leather edition twenty-volume set (9780191958 922 ): john simpson , edmund weiner : books '