' the first game i really got into was a zelda clone but i never had a nintendo console to the first ds and even then i only played oot 2 years ago on the 3ds which i enjoyed but back then i was really ... recently finished knights of sidonia , at first i picked it up because it was the same person behind blame ! and had a nice artstyle and didn't regret it . it's slightly reminiscent of evangelion but it ... it's pretty much a given , ever since i read the goosebumps books as a kid i've found most of my entertainment to be of a darker side though there are some exceptions . distant yet still focused , sometimes sleepy / sad looking . anywhere and everywhere , there is no specific location all infjs gravitate towards but we blend in as people have said , don't be afraid to approach the quiet guy with observant eyes but don't try to ... this is something that i can relate to except i've been approached by a few females so i never really learned how to approach women and have come to rely on them . i'm ok with it but i've had a few ... i'm an infj and though i'm not american i support trump . opposing illegal immigration doesn't mean you hate them . in my experience the left is full of hypocrites , liars , abusive manipulators and puppets to an extremely vocal minority . 484738 it depends on the rest of the face , for me i find milla jovovich's eyes quite cute . 457602 yes , love it especially outdoor sativa . dislike ' stoner culture ' though . we are the tsundere type . i've gone off video games lately , there hasn't really been much that has interested me but i was thinking of going back to ni no kuni but i'm also thinking of trying something i don't usually play ... there is a bit of a gap between western anime fandom and otaku culture depending on your tastes and just how far you've gone down the rabbit hole . somebody who collects figures and watches raws right ... 1 . what's your mbti type ? infj 2 . have you ever had a lucid dream ? yes 3 . about how often do you remember your dreams ? ( give a percent . ) by what context ? like do i wake up from a dream and ... 231194 pretty much sums up how i feel about screamo , emo or anything thats not 80s hardcore . ｃｙｂｅｒｐｕｎｋ ， u3000ｃｕｒｒｅｎｔｌｙu3000ｒｅａｄｉｎｇu3000ｎｅｕｒｏｍａｎｃｅｒu3000ａｎｄu3000ｂｌａｍｅ ！ u3000thoughu3000ｎｏｔu3000ｓｕｒｅu3000ｉｆu3000ｉｔu3000ｃａｎu3000ｂｅu3000ｃｏｎｓｉｄｅｒｅｄu3000ｃｙｂｅｒｐｕｎｋu3000iu3000am watching knights of sidonia ( same guy behind blame ! ) and started angel cop ( uncensored of ... i just want to get better at 日本語 so i can play all those untranslated and poorly localized / censored games . with my taste in music i mostly stick to metal but i've noticed two things , firstly as above said i have a sort of hipster approach in regards to music where popularity means nothing to me and some ... what kind of diet do other infjs have ? a there certain dishes you love and others you can't stand ? what about smoking ? drugs ? caffeine ? do you drink much alcohol and if so any drinks in ... every enfp female i've met have appeared to be more interested in intjs over us infjs , this isn't the case with entps but it's not like everything aligns together in a perfect pattern when it comes ... playing the smash demo as well , never played the others but i decided to give it a try after the hype and it feels fun though i don't know what i'm doing . still playing p3fes , i am up to january ... in terms of sheer numbers i believe the ds won , the 3ds hasn't been able to emulate the previous success possible due to mobile gaming taking off . as for games i think the wii held more gems but ... kawaii girls make my kokoro go doki doki some times i wish to be a little girl , but not in the context often displayed in this reality . part of it is due to watching too much anime but i think the other part is what drew me into it into the ... akihabara it's rare to see intjs that are interested in infjs in the first place but perhaps it is in part due to the intjs that i discuss mbti with , they seem to be interested in talking with us but not ... do you have an mp3 player ? a phone or something with headphones ? go for a walk , put on some relaxing feel good kind of music . alcohol is fine if you don't become dependent on it . because people develop a miss informed idea on what an infj is based on their interactions with people who claim to be infjs but aren't . look at this forum , hardly any of the topics really look ... i watch a shitload of anime and play a lot of video games ; escapism at its best . i think your description of infj females can apply to males to some extent but perhaps males are more reserved about it because of gender roles ? the ni stare is still there similar to the intjs kind ... female perspective , infj males can't even into relationship most of the time . the term hipster bothers me because i always had that mentality , everything i get into seems to be part of some kind of niche unintentionally , so basically i was a hipster before being a hipster ... i like collecting things which involves shopping , but i hate shopping in stores . everybody is so slow , i always go in there knowing exactly what i want to get and like to be done with it quickly ... white walls , lamenated ffxii poster i got a few years ago and the red dead redemption poster . i have a few flags i wouldn't mind putting up though they tend to fall down if i use blue tack . this is something i've been toying with , though its not really class specific ( well some could essentially be a class ) but more based on their functions combination ie an enfj would be a group ... haven't seen it yet but i do enjoy scorcese's movies , shame that the sjw idiots have already got to it . tales of the abyss and animal crossing : new leaf . just pre-ordered senran kagura , but won't be here for another month . life is too demanding , everybody loves to over complicate unnecessary stuff in attempt to make their lives seem more meaningful . i don't want to be a part of it but i've got no choice . throughout my life people have always tried to intimidate me so i've grown accustomed to it so i rarely ever feel intimidated any more . more often than not it is somebody who is trying to get their ... intps ( and infjs ) are cyborgs , intjs and infps are robots . ore no imouto konnani kawaii wake ga nai ( kyousuke ) - i see him as more of a sensor anohana ( menma ? ) - possibly . fate ( shirou : infp ? ) - more of an infp , rin is an ni dom . gintama ( gintoki ) - intp ... i've talked to a few people who tend to agree that key vns thus their adaptations are very infj , i think a lot of ni + fe comes through especially with the protagonists . ryuuji i'm not sure of whether ... kanon clannad little busters ! toradora * angel beats ! ef ; a tale of memories ( well hiro ) haibane renmei * higurashi inu x boku ss minami-ke * disgaea psp - up to chapter 9 i think , i don't know if i'm going to focus on the grind once i've finished the story and i want to pick up disgaea d2 . plus i've got a huge backlog . shin megami ... it's shit , i liked the internet more when it was a haven for socially awkward neckbeards . why do people try so hard to live ? life is shit , i hate it . seriously i do not get this clingy thing when we are notorious for being door slammers . when things become evident that it isn't going to work well in my favour it makes more sense for me to move on ... nonnaci - indeed , the irony is despite it's attempt to get otaku to resolve these issues it has ultimately had the opposite effect bring people deeper into the world of pandering and self ... cute > sexy the west is obsessed with things being sexy which doesn't drive me nearly as much as cute is , the west is obsessed with masculinity so much so that it encourages females to be more ... neon genesis evangelion is one of those series that can be discussed on a large scale 16 years later and still have people come up with new theories , granted its spike in popularity may be due the ... '