' i thought vidya was sanskrit . it seems to me like if you really feel like you can't tell any difference between events a and b , you're looking at it at the wrong level . raise your level of abstraction above ( or ... beneath , ... how do you see it evolve though , if it wasn't by power hungry liars ? if it has since been used in that manner , people following charismatic leaders and the leaders abusing their power as they ... i think you're cutting corners with your explanation . some of it is probably correct , like that bigger groups require something that keeps them internally stable , they need to be working under some ... i see you don't understand what i'm saying at all . maybe my writing is unclear . i'm not saying i think the people who created religions and came up with the concept of god ( i know they didn't pop up ... also by getting rid of i meant in the context of constructing ones worldview , and consequently when deciding what to teach children as truths at school ... because entertaining both views , the ... i know all that . even if there weren'tstrictly religious wars , there are impressive individuals who have taken religious stuff extremely seriously . just ignoring all that is beyond arrogant imo . what ... yeah i have a few times , but i've rarely heard hell mentioned . the state church is pretty tempered however . but i can think of many reasons why someone speaking to a congregation would want to ... it's not contradictory , it's the same exact thing . if it's easy to point out imbalance and incoherency and inaccuracy in almost any argument , then ( if you have any sense ) you're highly aware of the ... feelings are how our bodies keep us alive and feelings are how our minds manage to decide things . uhm , or ... are we talking about emotions or feelings ? the uncomfortable feeling that comes when you ... you're royal smugness is mistaken , i'm not religious people . i was thinking by evidence you must've meant empirical evidence , and i meant to imply that there are other ways to prove things ... that's a very strange statement , you might want to think about that some more for your own sake , but i can see this is not going anywhere so thanks for this thought provoking convo and i'll drop this ... right off the bat i would discard the presumption that he doesn't like you . ok . i can see how self-consciousness and sense of time passing would go together . but i wouldn't think a creator god and afterlife is the core of religious belief for humans . it's part of it but i ... why do you think belief requires self-consciousness ? i think to believe is to accept something as true , right ? so , could we not say that everything we think or know to be true , we are actually ... in what sense would it be belief in something that is not real ? i think ai would need to have a sense of self for it to begin to have a god , but if it did have a sense of self , then sure . it's true that a concept means an abstract idea , a mental construct . but how is it that we think them up and how is the mental concept different from the thing that is conceptualized , if the thing ... i don't know if people produce concepts . there's something and we get what that something is , how it is connected to other things and what it's doing , and we manage to give it a name . but it doesn't ... i was hesitant before to use the words ego invested , but i did anyway and am now reminded of the jungian interpretation of the hierarchy of functions . ego , the center of our consciousness , ... they may still have a point even though it's poorly developed and delivered , so usually i don't walk away if i'm interested in the topic . i just fight the battle on their behalf against other ... hi ! i was actually thinking more in terms of ... some people get offended or at least visibly upset if their ideas are challenged . i was wondering if it is because they perhaps identify with the ... i have a question about ti and objectivity . or how you relate to and perhaps identify with ti . i tend to get slightly obsessed with understanding things , systems mostly , but no matter how much ... : laughing : intj_female unless you know more about her , there's nothing you can do other than wait and not presume the worst . maybe her mobile is broken . if you know her ( name and ) hotel you could ... nah i did that from my photo with ai deepart . i have a strange relationship with art , i am drawn to visuals but usually take it only at , uhm , face-value , you know like it's colour and shapes , is it ... just all of them :) . i like visual puzzles . can't find one now but i always thought the ones with slightly more complicated symbolic calculations were tricky . there was one were in each frame there was a horizontal line with some number of ... all i'm saying is expectations of the level of difficulty limit my thinking because of my personal bias to expect difficult things to be of certain kind . it's my problem . i still don't think that was ... is that it , just think of two objects and then come up with a new pair , and a new pair , and a new pair ? no , wait , what's the rest of the mental imagery you're talking about ? and do they have to ... me sleeping was coincidental , but i think i woke up in the middle of the night because the unsolved puzzle was bothering me and i had to return to stare at it . i just mean the way to solve it is ... to be honest i was asleep for at least three of the said five hours . i think the only thing difficult about that puzzle is overthinking it . so ... it might be easier to do if it wasn't introduced ... no , i mean hours . that'd be an interesting kind of intelligence though . can solve that in 5 minutes but gets confused with hours and minutes :) . took me 5 hours . eat more horses , people ! feed them to your dogs , cats , ferrets , kids , anything that eats meat , too . muslims should eat more horses . my cheetah wearing pug post was the last one i saw before the great meltdown . i highly suspect it was a terrorist attack . i mean perc fail , 4th of july , how else can it be . i thought it was my ingeniouty ... ingeniouity ... ingenuity ( ? ) that made perc work on my mobile , but apparently not . bummer . littledreamer i got a notification that you've mentioned me , but i can't see your post . i probably won't see this post either . oh perc why :( ... http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/i/newscms/2016_36/1156726/dog-cheetah-today-160908-tease_b95774caf4ca1eecfc4df641d8feddd0.jpg https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/Alexander_the_great_temnos_tetradrachm.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlemagne#/media/File:Charlemagne_denier_Mayence_812_814.jpg ... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/Alexander_the_great_temnos_tetradrachm.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charlemagne#/media/File:Charlemagne_denier_Mayence_812_814.jpg ... https://images.earthtouchnews.com/media/1740/2013-12-05-the-hunger-games-cheetah-jackal-brown-hyena-15.jpg this is the only thread that allows me to post today . ... https://media.giphy.com/media/BzRngjA7Nd2fe/giphy.gif http://i.imgur.com/Shn16ik.gif this feels like falling into a wormhole . not sure if time is standing still or moving backwards . perc , what a surprise ! this thread came through ! oh joy ! : ´ ( can i please get back to -> jamaia i can't post things because of database error since about ... 7 hours ago ? but one of my posts that supposedly didn't get through and doesn't show in the thread or in my latest posts , just got ... i can't post things because of database error since about ... 7 hours ago ? but one of my posts that supposedly didn't get through and doesn't show in the thread or in my latest posts , just got ... with the visual shape things i have to move them around mentally , switch between the frames and test what lines have moved and how , and be pretty active , it doesn't often just come to me . and yes ... have you read of aphantasia ? maybe you have that ? '