' introverted , authentic , romantic , humble , chronically kind , creative , literature or english geek , easy going , old fashioned . currently dating an isfj and it is going fantastic :D the mentor . i believe in natural selection . infj i've always loved the infj's they are the green light at the end of the dock . it's nice to see my intuition realized by the test . i excel at fast food places . i am the king of burger king . i think up strategies of how i can assemble the food faster in between rushes . i actually focus really well at work because i only think ... i chose myself , because it's something i want to learn to love more . i go on walk's , to the library , supercenters at midnight , by my self . just to remember what the real world feels like . i personally find it hard to believe that one population can be predominately one type , merely based off of their leader's ideology for example , i don't think the u . s . is predominately estj because ... no , thinking of my ex with her then boyfriend was quite painful . i also took depression meds that completely cleared the little sex drive i have anyways . i dislike the effect it has on me . phase 1 : outgoing , crazy 2 hours later phase 2 : asleep have only had a few glasses of wine since turning twenty one last year . i wish i were a phoenix . the waiting moments before seeing people i love . i think the term “ idealist ” resonates deeply with me , and it is associated with infp ’ s because of our two dominant functions . “ fi ” causes me to constantly be assigning values ad purpose to people , ... isn't that the infp initiation ? :D haha i totally relate . my brain only likes to do philosophy in the wee hours of night , and only on nights where i have class the next morning ! third year in college and i still make the mistake of ... these poems are like the official trinity of the tragedy of lost love ! this stanza is especially amazing to me , it was a surreal like experience imagining these lines while inhaling and exhaling ... this almost brought me to tears , happy and sad ones . eight years ago i had a one night stand with this boy , and it was strange because i thought about my 8th grade literature teacher mrs . hopkins the entire time . he played pokemon and liked the ... the spelling is fine . poetry might not be your thing but at least you have the humor down ! ^ - ^ ahhh there is something beautiful about a child and his dreams . :D yours are all great ! :D hmmm what else ... best : seeing the underdog / friends / family triumph . the moment you finish a creative project . knowing you made someone smile . when animals show ... i'd go back and produce all the content of stuff i love . muahaha . harry potter series ( i'd change the ending though ) , big bang theory , walking dead , etc . then i'd take all that money and ... i've experienced this quite recently with the sandy hook elementary school shooting . i remember when i first saw it on the news and i got this aching wrench in my stomach . but it soon would pass as ... your entire poem is comprised of fantastical words ! i think it encompasses a lot infp ideology :D . write more please ! your poetry is very down to earth and heartfelt . i ... i would love to read some infp poetry , original or a favorite ! hope to see some of your fantastical words soon ! :D if you cannot be the poet , be the poem . u200bdavid carradine not sure if this fits a type but this - introverted , reserved , soft spoken - literature nerd - infectious smile - romantic / cheesy - compassionate towards animals and nature <3 - artist in some ... if you don't agree with his life-style , the extent of his attachments , and his lack of initiative why are you dating in the first point . relationships , if they are to work should be predicated on ... i agree with the inauthentic weirdness deterring me from other infps . i have seen it in a few of my infp friends , and it's kind of annoying . it annoys me because being true to yourself is something ... so much love in this thread . feelings overload . about to go on a hugging rampage ! p . s . my favorite cousin is an enfj :D well i ’ ll try and keep this as condensed and coherent as possible . at present time , i am currently on winter break from my university . the previous semester , i was privileged enough to cross ... i wouldn't say that infp's are necessarily bad at math , but i don't think it'd be too far of a stretch to say we have little to no interest in it , so we don't pursue it . numbers don't breed ... hufflepuff . badger pride ! i am in love with amy farrah fowler ! but then again i pretty much love the entire cast . sheldon , raj , kripke , zak , stuart . howard ( pre-bernadette ) lenard ... meh . 57983 hobbies : reading ! , charity , poetry , writing , drawing , any sport , video games , ukulele and guitar , photography , running ! interest : philosophy , psychology , love , evolution , world religions , nature , ... it's pretty simple for me . i stay in my dorm and my roommate actually transferred mid semester :D . lucky me , love the guy but personal space is bliss . friends at my university actually joke ... interesting theory . my best friend is an intj , we have been since 3rd grade . he loves to poke fun at me being overly emotional and attached to things , and i love poking fun at his ... first and foremost , i love this idea , especially pertaining to my timid youth state ! these days i do not find shyness to be a factor in my seclusion and detachment . i simply don't talk very ... to me sex is pollution . both for your body and your mind . it is one of the driving forces that makes us more creature than angel . it disgust me how often it comes up in conversations , usually as a ... i find creative trickery very humorous . for example just recently , i was having trouble with a fishing rod , unable to get it working correctly i purchased a new one . the next day my best friend ask ... i have only heard his music on a few occasions . from what i've gathered , he is a fairly humble guy . a very strong feeling type , and an introvert for sure . it is hard to tell the rest just from ... i find it quite interesting that you are having this problem in the first place . our strong extroverted intuitiveness breeds creativity , that combined with our deep introverted feeling and sensing , ... on the internet , where people see your type and get to read about your type , it is easy to pick faults . it all comes down to what you value . for example : an intj is likely to value logic most , ... 1 . ) what personality types are your parents ( if you know ) ? what was it like as an infp growing up with them as your parents ? do you relate better to one parent over the other , neither , or both ... i'm actually interested in how having te as your dominant and fi and your inferior affects your life and your outlook on relationships . since idealist are the exact opposite . all my infp friendships derived from the writing group i created at my university . i had a lot of internet interaction with them before in person meet ups . public : reserved unless spoken directly too . very polite and friendly . i give faint smiles in attempt to portray a connection that most certainly is absent . i am unable to speak loudly because my ... i am quite the sucker for anything romantic : books , movies , music , poetry , etc . however i wouldn't consider myself feminine , more so i am an admirer of love . being an idealist , i always envision ... i don't have new year goals or resolutions , just hopes :D . 5 hopes for 2013 1 . continue writing 2 hours a day . complete 2-3 novels . 2 . get my friends to bring back our weekly / biweekly gameboard ... when i think about becoming a hero , more specifically a superhero as you described , i am stricken with a great sense of anxiety . sure i have dreamt of defieing the laws of nature , having an ... definitely not alone . in fact the conversations i imagine in my head are almost always better than the ensuing real life conversation , leading to great disappointment . one of my interest in writing ... i do this exact same thing with any girl i have interest in . the end result is always me finding reasons why our relationship would not work out / or be everything i've every dreamed of . whether it is ... '