' can i change my username to sakuya ? she's a stoner intp . darou ne ... i'll provide images . i am very into lolita-type things , but i can never afford the full dresses , so i just incorporate small pieces into my daily wear . i adore hats like this : ... i'm fairly romantic , but i'm definitely the more serious ( or dare i say masculine ) in my lesbian infj-entp relationship . the thing about me is that i'm very into talking things through , telling her ... you just did the insulting for me . congratulations . typical infp , unaware of his own words . * rolls eyes * it's so pretty ... hnnnggg ... o . o i can't think of anything non-sexual . i'm remilia , and i have an introduction thread , but i'll post here anyway . i'm a 5w6 , and i haven't seen any entp 5s . do they exist ? o . o when you walk like you're a model . you * own * the street . ^ _ ^ hello everyone ! i've been on here for a while , but i was rather mistyped , so here i am , reintroducing myself . my name is remilia , and you can call me miss remilia if you feel like being polite , ... other than the fact you're one letter away from being perfect , i have no complaints . ^ _ ^ i would like my username changed to remilia . it suits my personality much better . ^ _ ^ no . nonononono . i am not chell . ( portal reference ftw ) . eva-st-clare from deviantart . she's ... amazing . and an infp . * groan * i read this title and laughed . the words intp and dance just don't work together . for me , unless if you count mmd , i don't dance . :P turinghopper : my username says it all . > . < i jogged yesterday . dun . dun . duuunnn ... i know . i never thought i'd do it . but i did . just like an istj to not have a creative response . you just had to copy someone else . * eyeroll * smileygirl : i absolutely love your signature . i just about died when i saw it . <3 * facepalm * turiiinggg ... i've never known an intp who didn't . xd oh . my . god . if i didn't have an istj mother constantly cleaning out my room , that's what it would look like . o . o it's like schrodinger's cat ( i do love that theory ... ): until it is observed , it is simultaneously dead and alive . maybe that's the case with intp females ; until further examination ( or until they ... thank you , prion indigo . i like to think i'm the most intelligent in my family . ^ _ ^ i'm an intp 5w6 , for anyone who's wondering . 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would ... my girlfriend's an isfp ( why oh why ) and my closest friend is an intp , like me . xd when your estj father tells you to get off your ass and go exercise and you say , i'm exercising my mind . this statement has been patchy-approved . * nods * i shall join the team . i refuse to be your test subject , turing . * frowns * ah , me too . with these : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6G5VTdtbKA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4HTu0XDyZpk we can . she's an android , and i have magical powers . ;) no . you can have it all . i'm the sexy short one . xd i love that picture so much . <3 you're supposed to attach the image . xd edit : never mind . you got it . disregard my comment . go ahead . i don't want it ! intp straight-up . that's amazing . i - 93 % n - 91 % t - 75 % p - 73 % i have empathy . it's true ! it's just very hidden and seldom expressed . of course , an in-depth analyzer could say that's my fe , but being that i'm not in amy twenties yet , i developed that pretty ... i'm an intp female , and i'm pretty sure i exist . what makes this all better is that i'm a lesbian , so i'm a rare breed . ;) intps are terrible ! they're so intelligent and witty , and oh god that smirk ... yeah . i couldn't insult an intp if i tried . turinghopper : when will you post our amazingly epic intp pictures on the intp picture thread ? xd just like an intj to have conspiracy theories about a toaster . funny story : i totally forgot to pee when i was at school . i was immersed in this amazing study about hal - 9000 and what his personality says about ai , and i realized that i was running late , so then ... i feel like total shit right now , because my parental unit keeps telling me how stupid i am . jus t because i'm not an xstj doesn't make me an idiot ! it's extremely frustrating . and then i think about ... paradoxes are my thing : the next sentence is true . the previous sentence is false . what would happen if pinocchio said his nose would grow ? who divided by zero ? ! ( this should be ... because . i am . i feel so profound . xd hello , turing . i'm glad you finally made it on here ! when you get nervous about being invited to someone's house . what are you doing in this thread , infp ? don't you have some depressing poetry to write ? when you forget to use the restroom because you are so immersed in your studies . this game has so many complex characters that i thought i should try to type them . if anyone has input , please reply ! i'm only doing mbti for now , but if anyone has enneagram ideas , those help . ... that's an interesting idea , but i'd rather put infjs on my list , since intps don't take things personally the way you do . get ahold of yourselves ! '