' i love how you guys actually posted pictures and descriptions of outlets . that's pretty funny . we apparently have a famed death glare / stare . ( though it has been argued we are only shooting arrows into your soul , haha ) if you think you have ' the look ' then take a pic and post ! let's turn this ... let me dive into the pit of my mind for a moment ... i have the , not necessarily bad , habit of telling people ' how it is ' . for example , when asked does this outfit look bad on me ? i * will * respond ... i'm not sure if i have a death stare , but i have only encountered 2 other people so far who could keep eye contact with me for long ( which kind of freaked me out because i'm not used to people ... i don't know about you people , but i am often caught up in stress or other overwhelming things . to help keep myself calm , i enjoy listening to music on repeat , making friendship bracelets ... i am also a language addict ! i picked up spanish easier than most of my friends and did the best in my class for the subject . i am continuing my learning of the language and don't see myself losing ... i have always kept journal , even when i was a little kid . i always just vented out my frustration , kept track of what happened those days , you know , kid stuff . nowadays i'm making observations ... this is exactly how i end up ! i am always thrown into the leadership , this-person-will-be-our-academic-savior position . i am a very helpful person when asked nicely , because hey , i have been there ... i have never heard of that sort of expression and find it very interesting as well . hm . yeah , that would describe it perfectly . i honestly make an effort to avoid a lot of eye contact now though ... you see , i recently found a perfect description of intp eyes / staring . thepermiepagan said it may not be a death stare , but there is certainly something in the eyes of intp's that is interesting ... i normally have nightmares , but no matter what i dream it always means something . i analyze the details of them and usually track them back to a problem of some sort . they're like little , stressful , ... i have been working throught the game of thrones series and am on a storm of swords . it is really fantastic ! excellent descriptions and concepts and ugh i can't even explain it's just great ... i am a bit of a perfectionist when it comes to my grades and get easily anxious from them . all my life i have been trying for the best , and usually get it . i am a straight as honors kid . however , i ... actually , it's usually me that's the one observing everyone's movements and actions ( that sounds a lot more creepy than it is ) i try to find patterns and habits with people so i know what to expect ... 47577 i pretty much keep a chill face on , i have a famous ' are you effing kidding me ' face though , which looks similar to the ones i've seen on here along with an actual glare of death . woo . i get my best work done at night , it's when i'm thinking at my best . 12am - 4am is excellent ! night owls , hoothoot ! i am in no position to talk about much on this post , but i do have to agree with the ' time is an illusion ' thing . i heard that ' time doesn't exist , clocks exist . ' and it always somehow made perfect ... bless you . bless you so much . that is exactly how i am . i just adapt to other people in order to keep myself safe and out of trouble . i cannot always be the intp i am , though when i'm alone or with ... i don't know , but myself and a lot of my other introverted friends just stick below 200 ( there's only about 200-250 kids we grew up with ) maybe it's a self-conscious extrovert thing ( no offense , no ... sadly , i'm a total chameleon when it comes to face-to-face interaction . online i am able to be myself because i can't mimic their actions or tendencies . it's rather nice . i just wish people would ... oemgee i just luv kids ! i want like 6 of them and aaah ! ! ! all there names will ryme ! ! ! ( ( shot . ) ) this is what i do wrong ( but i'm working on it ! ): cling a bit much care too much ( sounds impossible but as a cancer i make it happen ) don't give them private time try to unravel all their secrets ... i have a very good back-track instinct . if i'm lost , i can easily retrace my steps to where i took a wrong turn . my general direction skills are pretty good . as long as i keep track of landmarks and ... > just realized that . i'm exhausted , maybe it's time to get off the internet . - trudges off to bed - ^ ^ i've always been the same intp 5w6 person . i was highly mature and intelligent , getting easily through even the higher level classes . i wasn't very social because nobody could keep track of my ... i'm an intp and i got put into slytherin ( ( woot , just got myself a green & grey scarf today . represent ! ) ) i have no idea how it works , but these are interesting theories . : o i'm a 5w6 though , so ... ( i'm an intp , so these are characters i've possibly nailed as it ) loki laufeyson ( but intj ) kaname kuran sebastian michaelis ciel phantomhive - possibly - this whole series of posts is brilliant . my icon is a picture of my eyes , i'm pretty alert and focused , but always scanning around looking for anything ' off ' . my friend has chocolate brown eyes that always have a glint of happiness but she ... people just seem to get angered when i suggest something different but in my opinion would work better x ) i live around a bunch of stubborn , stubborn people , who are likely the very opposite of an ... ultracrepidarian . a person who gives opinions or advice on matters beyond their knowledge . ( ( i keep a lot of strange words in my pocket hehe ) ) pretty much exactly that ( ( plus , i read homestuck too so highfive ! ) ) i love sarcasm , dry humor , and i know this sounds so , so so mean , but i cannot help but laugh my face off when i see people walk right into things . walls , poles , street signs , it just makes me laugh ... i like to keep away from the negative traits of my type , but this is what people have told me i'm like . x-x ( but this isn't all i am of course , this is just the negative things that make people mad . ) ... well , considering i'm one and i'm in my room most of the time ... one does not * simply * find a female intp , except for when we choose to leave our thinking-zones . i'd think a library would be good , ... you know you're an introvert when you spend all summer in your room , hidden away . when you take joy in early walks to the store in the morning because it's quiet and generally trafic-less . when you ... your parents always ask you why you're so contradictory . x-x i have a bad habit of overthinking the what ifs and often wind up bawling in my room imagining the death of loved ones . i'm personally thinking about how one could go about running around in spyrographs ... question ( though i myself am an intp ) : i have a theory that the reason that we are humans and not apes is because we have a genetic mutation of the brain . could this be a possible , legit , ... people who try to initiate conversation with me when i am clearly not in the mood . people who are always overly excited about everything ( it's both creepy and annoying ) . people who are very ... well , for me , i'm known for dressing stylish but professional ! i haven't gotten into slacks or anything , but a sleek black jacket goes a long way . comfort is a must though , i will not put myself ... rock show by halestorm ! i am a rocker | m | ^ u ^ | m | hello everyone , my name is heather and i felt the need to join this site ! i am an intp , with a trifix of 5w6 , 9w8 , and 4w5 . ( woo ) my astrology sign , as i have a feeling that a bunch of you are ... '