' type : annoying heh , there seems to be a bell curve going on xd hatstall ravenclaw / slytherin but i am drawn to them snakes ;) i'm really only bad at math not at planning , spatial thinking or music . however , this sound very much like an intp i know . when people constantly ask me how things work even though the smallest effort in independant thought would suffice . yes i do , mostly if i want to make sense of my emotions , i yell or interact with the corresponding personas . once however i had hour long debate in my head about empiricism in psychology . b i became ... depends what you want from the world . hey all , just wanted to ask whether any of you are terrible at math . i am terrible at math and sequential logic . that is , i am uncreative in this regard ( when solving a problem ) but i will ... intj ( me ): slytherinestp : slytherinistp : slytherinenfp : racenclawesfj : gryffindoristj : hufflepuff yeah , you seem like a textbook intj ! ! ! your answer to number 6 indicates high nite if that is what you consider intj by definition . and answer to 18 rules out fe ( though not completely ) . not sure whether i'm an intp or an intj or even an esfj :P 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , ... your type : tbh i find most intp's to be annoying and whiny . just my experience , but they do have their good sides such as ability to understand everything and follow through with a perfect analysis ... ditto ^ blood type has no correlation to personality . that's a myth . diet however makes more sense ( marginally more ) . great idea ! for someone who is not acquainted with the myers briggs . however subconsciously one will answer what they think is right regardless if they choose their real type or opposite type . i firmly believe that either this or my time as an intp were a phase . i am pretty sure i am an introverted nt type . question is ni dominant or ti dominant ? whether this is pertinent i leave to you . ... i love nfs , but i know some enfps who are really arrogant and stuck-up about their uniqueness . spare me that nonsense . i have no rivals however i compete with this entp . i think ne dominants ... that is a very mature view ! thank you for sharing :) damn , you are describing my interior conversation while my ti was on vacation . i mistakenly thought it was ni while it was just my si and ne having a fight . intp ( me ): slytherin istj : hufflepuff enfp : ravenclaw infp : hufflepuff well , fi tends to keep values and emotions a personal thing first because it is an introverted function and second that its very nature is that it is a system meant for the individual . fe on the ... yes that is true as the intp matures it definetely happens and i apologize if i have been coming on too strong , i just find it frustrating that other types look up to rationals as if we are the ... i show emotion . my decisions aren't based on values , emotions or other people , but i think showing emotion is perfectly fine and it doesn't mean i'm a feeler . that emotions are dangerous bullshit i ... i got slytherin on my pottermore account and usually score ravenclaw with slytherin second on weighted tests . lol i actually laughed and my friend looked at me with this venomous look while in tears . then i laughed even more because it was so hilarious . i found the experience to be a valuable lesson in ... i didn't care much for jack and rose . but the other characters made me sad . especially the captain , the musicians , andrew the engineer , the foreman who shot himself , fabrizio and the fact that such a ... by this logic i must be an sf . i'm not buying this theory . intp : paranoid | 38 % schizoid | 34 % schizotypal 78 % antisocial | 62 % borderline | 18 % histrionic 22 % ... hmmm ... choices , choices should i pick the bible or the quran ? more female and feeler friends . i am the only nt in a group of nfs and st's so i guess i am the balancing force ? when i am with males they sometimes forget that i am a female and they start ... thank you for the reading suggestions . but by no means did i suggest that i think humans use morals for purely altruistic purposes . i am just saying that we have morals . for what ends they exist for ... my take on god is that the way humans imagine one is just our puny minds trying to wrap around the concept of existence . the god as any human has described does probably not exist . there is no ... intp and sun in leo , moon in leo , ascendant capricorn ... pretty random 1 . what's your personality type ? intp 2 . how's your pain threshold ? i guess on a scale from 1-20 about a 14 3 . on average , how many hours of sleep do you get per night ? 7 - 10 4 . do you believe ... well , 1 ) i'm a secret fascist : i want to round up all people who are not intelligent and sometimes just feel like killing them slowly one by one . 2 ) i am sadistic , once i get into a fight or ... with my friends / family i look at their eyes . however if i don't know them i talk past them , my eyes focusing past the right side of their face . sometimes i think people think i'm blind because i ... do you have a standard greeting to coworkers , friends , grocery store checkout people etc ? hello , good < insert time of day > . with friends there is an additional : what've you been up to ? do you ... i found a nice little animation ; ignore the bad acting , the visuals are where it's at ! http://vimeo.com/35176378 yeah , that's true of many and even i do it ( usually irl ) . i think maturity changes this and female intp's are not really subject to it . studying typology is meant to change ones perception of ... bengalcat did something happen with an intp to make you think that way about them ? i assure you , most ( mature and otherwise ) are nice , intelligent people and secretly ( it not even overtly ) admire ... i think most intp's have a posture and a kind of look about their eyes that is instantly recognisable . i guessed twice without having to know the people and i was right . 28826 damn 5w4 ' s : y u make me sound dull ? ! intp some sort of pandeist / own spirituality ( science dictates it above all ) many people don't explore other beliefs . i find that coming from a mixed religious ( as well as cultural background ) ... your type : intp mom's type : infp dad's type : intj siblings ' type ( s ): esfp best friends ' type ( s ): infj , 2 infps , current / last significant others ' type : none type ( s ) you have the most fun ... i swear , it's my ni ! i'm innocent . paranoid : very high schizoid : very high schizotypal : moderate antisocial : moderate borderline : low histrionic : low narcissistic : ... eh ... well i gave up a long time ago with dressing up . i see no point , it doesn't enhance my life . getting invited to dinners or social gatherings is just not my thing and i see to it that my friends ... 10/10 intp poster-child + 1 i like it ! but i'm more into psytrance ( azax syndrom , juno reactor , infected mushroom , gms , hilight tribe , goa gil , gms , eskimo etc ... ) and drum and bass ( the prodigy , pendulum , state of mind , the ... intj - 2 intp - 3 including me infj - 2 infp - 4 isfj - 1 istj - 0 istp - 1 isfp - 3 entj - 0 entp - 4 me-intp dad-intj mom-infp brother-esfp now i see why my brother always complains about not being able to communicate with us . paternal grandfather - enfj grandmother - istj maternal ... mathematically i think fourier transforms and fractals are really beautiful . in physics : the eintein-podolsky-rosen paradox really captured my attention and led me to discover holographic theory ... '