' i'm not sure but i feel like i'm the same but i can not define or explain it yet . i'm not sure if this belongs in this section but it does involve academics in a way . now i had a fight with my college professor but thats a long story . now being the classic type i am , i like to ... i am a type 5w6 maybe i should write a book . get a pen name and become the myserous type . : ninja : you and me both . interesting , didnt think it was such an appealing talent . ive be starting writing fiction , being my type i am very good at it despite being new . maybe i should stop hiding it from people . to me it depends on if i find them logical but i will most likely still follow them but try to change them . to know the future . its never truly good the first time . eleborate ? what are your ambitions then ? me and machiavelli connect because i too believe in these same words . i like to consider myself a person of change . thats why i get fustrated with things i feel i can ... thank you then . its much appreciated . i'm not interested in preserving the status quo ; i want to overthrow it . it is better to be feared than loved , if you cannot be both truly a wise ... are you asking me or telling me its reall sweet ? wow that an interesting dog . especially the dacing part . i might be an intp but even i can feel the love . :p roud : . my dog is a german shepherd . he all white thats why i call him casper . there is a ... you must care for him allot . what kind of dog is he ? and how can i dog be comical relief ? calling an idea stupid is ignorant . you should try to understand before you reject . your talking about the girl right ? ... i hope to god you say yes . we have the exact same personality numbers . if your signature is correct . for me its less about what they have but how they effect me . so whether a dog has a soul or not doesnt matter to me . only if i have an emotional attachment to him and his loss would hurt me . your pic is cute and all , but mines awesume ! ! ! ive taken to much chances , and got nothing for it . life of happiness or saddness does not matter . for with ever happy moment comes a sad moment with ten fold the impact . my apoligize but i can not ... i don't get why your getting agressive . could he have said something that conficts with your principles ? the name of this thread itself should tell you things like this will happen . anyways i ... lights problem was at its core that he felt the pain in the world that feeling is what eventually made him seek to become a ' god ' and change the world . light has a natural ability toward empathy ... i had one of those moments . i ended up having a record short 20 min relationship from when i confessed my feeling to when we decided to end it . a female expecting something from a male that she can't do herself ... yea never saw that before . ( insert sarcasm ) don't comment and don't judge . if you want to know how i got to this place , just look at my past . no matter how much advice or information i'm given it wont change a thing . i know perfectly well ... i have a pretty good fashion sense . i were white , red / black and brown colors with my normal clothes . most sitcom's follow that kind of humor . and to be honest most things deemed funny arent intellectually satisfying anyway . i hate feeling that . i rather just not talk to a girl then feel that . maybe the rejections finally got to me . i think light is a infp . yes i meant ordinary.lol me too . but my fantasy's mostly revolve around a story and not myself . i eventually came to a logical conclusion . i am wierd which means i am different . being different means i am not the same . being the same is ordinary and normal . i rather be unique than a grey face ... i was thinking the same thing but i would save my dog first . considering i'm not obliated to save anyone . i would probably pick my dog . when i start feelign more than i think . when i start trying to become outgoing . true neutral you are 5.6 % evil . you are 15.4 % chaotic . yes i consider myself intelligent . but only after years of viewing myself as a bottom feeder . to get to where i am and where im going i must use the great tools god gave me . it depends on who ... things i cant change and the idiotic sheep who make up the majority that further point to my face what should be changed . thats about it . show with your body not your words . thats what body language is for . that is the best advice i can give you . listen to him and stop saying it verbally and start using a different kind of language ... i had the same problem with the ' t ' and ' f ' . but i would agree your a ' f ' . '