' iam ' judging ' ( everyone is imo ) but after that , i try to put myself in the shoes of the other person and try to understand . i literaly imagine that iam the other perso . after doing this , i feel ... i dont personally do it , because i always imagine how i would feel if someone told me smth like this ... but in my head , maybe from time to time , i have some good comments ;) when someone tells me a story and i don't care much , so i listen just half way , not really interested . or when someone has a problem , i understand and would like to say something to comfort the other ... sometimes it is difficult for us to make clear for ourselves , what do we feel . we are so confused , i agree that kind of ' bipolar ' . it is hard to ' state ' , what do we want , what do we feel . it is very ... respect us , show us this respect and accept us as we are . when someone is ' pretending ' , faking and noone else sees it . ( they play along and support this person's behaviour ) talking badly about someone when he / she is not around . judging me for what i am or ... i guess you miss the community , because you miss intimacy to other people ? you want to connect with people on a deeper level which is not always easy and quick , it takes quite a lot of time to ... oh my god , yes ! i catch myself sometimes doing it , i was asking myself , why do i do that ... maybe we really seek a ' greater whole ' , can be the missing part of the mosaic ... does it still work ? i hate putting make up on my face but i do eyeliner for special occasions . so in everyday life , i am just too lazy for that . and yes , sometimes i feel a bit guilty that i need it in order to look ... the same : not sure , how i experience si but i do experience se through dancing and mainly playing theatre ... through theatre , improvisations , i can express my feelings , dreams , imaginations , put them ... i agree that one needs both in his / her life - sensors and intuitives . i like time to time to talk with them , basically the majority of people around me are sensors . but honestly , i feel a depper ... i feel unmotivated to do university stuff . desperation . like deeply , i don't understand , why am i doing it . this shit is holding me back . i have the urge to leave and never come back . i feel like ... i don't think you must be vegetarian ... why do you think so ? you can have respect of animals and eat meat at the same time . when the society is mostly materialistic , of course it doesnt admit that it needs one . it doesn't admit , it needs to heal . i believe that everyone heals the world but we help other people to ... i think the society needs shamans even more than ever before ... ok but i think that sometimes , they can be related , interconnected . i think there is no problem to communicate with the sensors , the intuitives just have to concentrate more and put more energy into the topics and keeping interest , then it is ok , i think . it's a ... man , i can relate like 100 % to what you wrote , so either you are 100 % infp or i got a wrong result ... no really , i think you surely are an infp . i also seek this connection to others , from my ... depends which kind of perfection ... what does this word even mean ? how do you know , what's perfect and what is imperfect ? you consider touching , holding your hand as agression ? or even seduction ? it is definitely not meant in this ' manipulative way ' ... i mean ... the problem between him and me is that we didn't have ' the ... i love cuddling . lets cuddle together ... like pinguins . do they cuddle ? are they even real ? isnt everything just a fantasy ? my response won't be long : i feel from your writing that this girl is quite unstable , unsure and doesn't know exactly , what she wants - if she likes you or more ... why did you actually break up ? ... my response won't be long : i feel from your writing that this girl is quite unstable , unsure and doesn't know exactly , what she wants - if she likes you or more ... why did you actually break up ? ... another question : how would you guys react , if the girl did the first step ( or kissed you , touched you ... ) ? would you see it as intrusive that you need more time to really explore , what you really ... amazing idea ! let's meet , almost parisians ! : i mean it :D let's do this ! ! and you're saying , you were supressing your emotions ... what kind of emotions precisely ? in which situations exactly ? hey - what do you want to hear from us ? just a personal note : i hate those guys who - consciously - and extensively flirt with girls , especially feelers . i understand that you might not think about it ... oh my god , you have no idea ... i feel more and more ( i perceive it ) that i'm often stuck in my head , thoughts , in this alternative reality . especially in cases , when i'm thinking about something ... reje haha yes , that's exactly . :D belief is something , you build on your experiences , feelings and intuition - at least that's my experience . my intp special friend call me once also ' brainwashed ' , i ... a total outcast . was most of the time alone , others organized parties and i was in my room ( i lived in a boarding house ) and read a book or watched movies . weird introvert stuff ... i kind of get the impression that intps fall for infps quite often ( i wonder , what do these two types see on each other ) ... might be just a misconception . i find this topic very interesting , i was ... i like this question but i find even more interesting , what would one do , if one knew , he / she has a month left . one day is not enough - of course i would like to spend it with my relatives , with ... hello ! i would be really interested , how do you have it with spiritual stuff - do you believe in god , higher power ? do you also trust your intuition ? or do you rather rely on facts , statistics and ... oh my god , what were they fighting about ? i add one happy song to this thread , for everyone who is feeling blue ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0AOGeqOnFY i have the impression that sometimes , i am invisible . in classes , the teacher / professor often forgets about me , people often overlook me ( probably due to my ' introvertness ' ) . it is sometimes a bit ... i identify myself with : fragile and speech filter broken for myself , i'd say : warning ! no instructions included i have the impression that there is a certain ... not hate but distrust to the infps . : laughing : how is that ? ? when you feel deeply disgusted that you have to open your bag everytime go enter a building at the university in paris ... ( because of terrorists ) as if that wasn't just a rule ' for the effect ' . i do that all the time ! :D the best thing is , when you turn off the alarm with a thought that you'll get up in 5mins ... when you don't have folders for your college classes but one big writing pad where you keep all the notes . the best moment is when you are looking for something in it in front of a judger and you see ... when you would rather starve to death than go and get some food in the kitchen full of people . when i read this , i'm telling myself , how difficult it must be to have always a plan ! i mean considering all the things that can go wrong ( and when they do ) - that must be so frustrating ... you know you're a feeler , when : if someone critisizes you , it feels like stabbing you through the stomach and the blood and everything else is pouring all over the place . you're with a guy / a ... haha yes ! you have been travelinv a bit ! i would like to come to london some day ... hopefully in the nearest future . or if you come to visit , pm me ! :D another infp taurus over there ! i agree it is sometimes a bit contradictory which is amazing ! even more excitement ! like as if just being an infp , always bubbling with emotions , wouldn't be enough ! a recipe for happiness the chocolat makes people very happy but it is extremely addictive . the chocolatier will have to make a decision and deal with moral dilemma . at the same time , the concurrence ... i really love it ! in case that it's a person i know for a while , not a total stranger . i like the attention , the feeling that the other person wants to get to know me . it seems like they are not ... i love flying by plane . but when i imagine that i'm physically flying , it makes me to throw up . i cannot even dream about it , because i am scared of the image of my body floating in the air , with no ... i'm trying to be respectful towards other people and i believe that insults don't help you in any way , just to make the conflict , everything worse . if it is a serious issue or repetitive , i won't ... '