' game theorist , numberphile , singingbanana and mynutephysics . and honest trailers ( or the channel that posts them ) long term revenge isn't a motivator , but anger can be . i don't remember exactly the argument of bh6 ( i only remember that the film was awesome until they make a superhero group , and hiro ) i ... if you haven't created your ( his ) masterplan yet , i think it should be a brilliant single idea rather than a complex , i-do-this-he-does-this thing . and if it is , he shouldn't plan everything , but a ... i think he means serious , that the thread isn't about an evil plan to exterminate sensors . and probably technology , computers and all that jazz will become sensorized sooner or later to make ... the only thing you proved by this is that absolutely all entps are typist morons i had this two days ago . i remember being very lost in thought for an hour , to finally talk to myself about this . it was something like this : okey , this thing [ a private thing that caused the ... at my high school level , no . i like when the teacher gives us something without any explanation ( and even with mistakes ) and figuring it out by myself to understand it . or solving problems i create ... i'll just assume that all the votes for entps were given by entps i think it's the most accurate test i've ever done . i can't do the 2nd page it says internal server error the server encountered an internal error or misconfiguration and was unable to complete your request . please contact the server ... hola buenas yo espaniolo tambien ser de madrid , cocretamente 235738 what ? just 35 % ! ? okey , okey , i should'nt be offended . after all , you're just an intj he said hug ! ! ! he said it ! ! in the nt subforum ! ! ! ok , seriously now ( i've only typed a few people , so i ... yeah , i thought that ne-dom and si-inf meant the same , but now you point it ... this is just my opinion , but i think that si-inferiors , when depressed , feel like too weird / different , or freak ( based only in a few ne-doms ) si-inf also have a hard time focusing or ... obviously me . ( i mean , my type , because we have me ) so , i've met a lot of people who are difficult to type because of this : they completely ignore details ( not s = n ) but aren't intuitives at all (= s ) they don't care at all about others or harmony ... disclaimer : this thread is over-simplified , and created on a theorical level based in intp / entp . i lack knowledge of a lot of types , so i don't think it's correct . don't doubt on telling mistakes . ... my friend just lose his left side in an accident . _and he died ? _no , he's all right . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rPY4yOmNw7w i am between the mimic and the all nostrils i don't really like games ( unless when i become addicted for a month or so ) but i like pokemon , layton ( awesome story + puzzles ! ) , tetris , and casual games . i have only played 2 rpgs : pokemon and dq ... this plan is not of my own 1 : become sweeper 2 : clean the stairs of the white house with loats of soap , and do a pustch . people will run out , slip , and breack their necks . i own the white house ... outburst , sorry . yes , i know i am a teenager , and that probably was important . and i know that that was really me . but my point is that there is a book called was that really me about the mbti and anger , and lots ... imagine a medieval bridge i live under it no , it's the opposite ! look at this what happen if intp gets angry ? or just type angry intp or similar in google the basis of my post was the why you don't like it and the was that really me even at my age , rage changes a lot between different types : passive-agressive , destruction , crying in a friend's shoulder , depression ... don quixote , thus spoke zaratustra and barnett & cia ( and i have a lot of non-finished books ) my last intp thougt was about the grandpa paradox . why do you end your posts with lord of the dark snark ? what does it mean ? i don't think it would work at all . not for me , at least . am i the only one who panics when he has an appointment , meet with someone ... but only if i know it in advance ? entp . and then i'd work on my ti and si to become an intp again nobody flirts with you . based on personal experience 162890 a character from a book . the first thing i thought . i want to change it . any ideas ? ¿ de donde eres ? translation for non-spanish-speakers : where are you from ? google would be an entp : it shows millions of results ( ne ) and uses key words ( ti ) no , but it made me remember a joke a scientist trains a spider to come to his voice he says come , spidey and the spider comes . he then cuts it two legs come , spidey and the spider comes ... nop welcome , by the way . difference between the pressure inside and outside . it would kill it . erosion . gravity ... a friend told me that i look like a 83 years old man . but i laugh about friends with girlfriend with childish songs . so , i just had an emotional outburst : screaming , almost killing my brother ( but my ti stopped me saying duuude , your mother is right behind you ) , punching a sofa in a dark room for fifteen ... ... i like esfj because of their social skills , and their ability o express emotions . this is the second part of my evil plan - i got a quote mwahahah well , it is the i-like-this-side-effect-let's-say-i-planned-it part quoted : people read and have an opinion about what i said , while i can thank somebody just reading quickly . ps : i thanked diophantine just to feel evil then we started asking by signs where did we come from . am i the only one who tinks that the intjs here are searching for secrets to blackmail / destroy us and finally be the smartest type ? and ... practice , here , then . i'm spanish and good correcting it's over 9000 ! ! ! or 3 . i can ´ t remember a really annoying feeling . oookey , maybe it's not saying it's a crap ( i learnt socionics this morning in two hours ) but in wikipedia ( the first approach i make to a subject says and the requester finds the request recipient a ... socionics says that relationship is crap , and that infj dont really loke intp apparently it's not true one of my best friends is probably an infj , too , and its one of the few types i wouldnt care ... '