' found a really interesting infp movie character while checking out old foreign films - - rocco , of rocco e i suoi fratelli ( rocco and his brothers ) is a true infp , & enneagram type 9 , who becomes the ... i don't drink anymore but did from age 19 - 30 . it definitely helped me to talk and dance with men at clubs and bars . alcohol inadvertantly gave me a gift - - my current husband and i met at an aa ... alain delon : people go to the movies to dream , not to see actors with faces like their plumber . 10348210349 01034981035 06103474 all right , all right , all right . on a lighter note : i regret that i'll never get to be a cougar ! been with partner for 19 years now and we are going for the dream - til death do us part . not sure i would bother dating again ... my aunt and uncle married when she was 40 and he was 21 . they are still together 40 years later . one thing though - - both knew they never wanted to have kids & never did . i wish i could give ... i changed from intp to infp on here . i have always had close t and f scores . my problem was , when i would go into long discussions on the intp boards , i always felt ( < the key word there - felt ) ... yes , i found like i found my other half . ( me infp , he enfp ) . lasted 7 years before various addictions and total financial irresponsibility on both our parts ended it . if you want something ... yes , yes , some of my best friends have been straight men . what makes you think a straight man can't be your friend and at the same time want to have sex with you ? there was some mutual attraction ... so i take the time to give on line advice to a 20 - something woman as to why she should rely on her own brains and knowledge , not a man or her looks , to move ahead financially and i get the comment , ... i am an intp female with an esfj male - - and it has worked out well , but a lot of why is because he is balanced in a lot of ways . he has been encouraged to use t , not f , since childhood and likewise , ... internet stars . who or what the fuck is a kerf ? who the fuck is kath ( the k of kerf ) and why does anyone besides her family and friends give a flying fuck about her , her food , or her baby ? anyone ... i asked a question , what replaces religion ? , and someone on here called me a monster . summary - - kid = inner world , adult = outside 94326 ^ i'm really not exaggerating my back and forth between these two states . and speaking of dreams ( real sleep rem dreams ) , i think when i try to suppress my mind from wandering where it wants to go ... ^ i guess it is an intp thing . - - yes , you could call it a dream , but it's not always wonderful . sometimes constantly perceiving new things and then analyzing them and trying to fit everything ... and this really isn't true , because when i shut my head down long enough to look around at the amazing real stuff around me , yeah , there's a huge world out there to experience firsthand , i just have ... i have to block out times on a weekly calendar , and i do try to stick to the same sleep times , meal times , and weekday work hours . then i list everything else i need to do on the calendar . i leave ... do any of you do this ? you have the big picture of everything in your head - - life , the universe , existence , society , history , etc . and it is fed by your constantly scanning intuition that picks up ... benjamin from animal farm . and , coincidentally , eeyore from winnie the pooh . what pisses me off - someone ( who borrowed some money awhile back but refused to repay ) who argues like this : no , i don't owe you any money , because if i wasn't justified in keeping the money you ... being left out of the planning and development part of a project , then , when it's time to implement and the damn thing doesn't work , getting called in to figure out how to make it work and to clean ... i looked back at my life and realized i am a jill of all trades , and master of none . i do have goals , but they are tied into my own interests and at my own pace , so my goals have not translated into ... it's all about how she makes decisions . if her feelings about something are so strong that she doesn't see reason , and sometimes might even get angry when someone makes a reasonable although ... how unrequited love can torture your soul for ever : liz hodgkinson reveals how her doomed obsession with the man who took her virginity still hurts after 50 years | mail online note : i have no idea ... your overall percentile is 87 % which means you scored higher than 87 % of the people who have taken this test . the internet population tends to be more intelligent so your percentile might be higher ... - i just find it pointless for you ( not you in particular btw , the general you ; see , i even edit my responses in an attempt to be more tactful ! ) to have a relationship with someone with whom ... an update : my brilliant entp daughter is going to start at a charter cyber school after finishing half the school year at her current school in january . this requires her to spend 5 hours a day at ... i'll nominate estp - my husband - he has always just shook his head at my various personality interests ( sites , books , etc . ) over the years . in general , the esxx types . i am pretty sure lieutenant columbo is an intp . and the classic columbo plot is a mastermind entj who really has their stuff together going up against ( and always underestimating ) the somewhat ... : happy : hi all ! ! ! i just spent the morning washing the windows and cleaning the blinds , now clearing the windowsill for the autumn dried flowers and pumpkin arrangement i put out every year at this ... to the op - i would probably walk over and when you were done spinning the ride , say hi and ask your name , where are you from , what school , etc . , checking out your apparent normalcy and whether or ... true , exactly , so by your own logic maybe you should re-think your earlier statement : there are enough child abductions of both sexes that you really shouldn't give one gender more attention over ... i am supposed to be studying accounting right now . lifo versus fifo . i wish i was more * stj sometimes , i would excel at accounting . i am an intp with an estj . i was told my entire life that i would need a mate who was as intelligent as me or i would be unhappy . well , i qualify for mensa and have a ba , to give you an idea of the ... just wanted to chime in , many women behave this way toward intp women as well . which , with our fe inferior , can make us pretty paranoid sometimes . this is definitely good , thanks . she is the oldest of 2 . anyway , no medication for either one of my kids ( at one time the school wanted my energetic son medicated for adhd - - no . ) . taking her ... i am just reading and absorbing your posts now , so i need some time to respond . btw , i am not here to try and win a debate , just here to get some insight into my daughter . and i have . one entp . - how did i bond with my kids ? - well , just being with them almost all of the time . i worked only part time , 12 - 20 hours a week , when they were infants , and was with them full time ... of course i had to respond to this - - i do not see anywhere in my post where i indicate that there is anything i cannot stand about my daughter . i actually think she is brilliant and she's the only ... yes , you are right , he is very young . i think i don't want to put much on his plate right now , just the basics : doing well at school , a couple of activities after school , and generally behaving and ... thanks for the link , it's pretty accurate as far as how my son acts . what always trips up our conversations is my well-developed ne goes off in directions that he doesn't get and has no interest in ... we ( parents ) are pretty good about letting him do his own thing . just curious , did you get punishments like losing your x box / wii privileges for a weekend if you didn't fulfill an expectation , ... not sure if his school has wrestling , they do have a lot of sports . hi - - my son is a 14 year old istp . freshman in hs . he failed last night to make a program for teenagers who want to be cops because he mumbled and gave one word answers at the interview portion ... hi - - so i figured that since i have a bunch of young entps here , i might as well get some insight into how to speak with my daughter who is a 17 year old entp . she does nothing but argue with her ... that's great if you like them without effort . i had to learn to tolerate them . i had 2 children , and honestly , i loved them when they were babies but as far as like - i did not find them the most ... i'm a 5w4 , hello sister ! when i used to go to a popular enneagram site that i won't name here , most of the 5/4 s , mostly male , typed me as a 4/3 soc / sx and would not budge from that no matter what ... thanks - i started looking at these a few months ago but got distracted , now i can take my time and read through all of the people's stories . '