' much <3 . ( why are you enfj females so cute , lol ) i agree , same here . that's why i could stick up with a job for 4 years at a media agency job ( despite my allergy to being managed ) . partly thanks to the accomodating style of an esfj manager . as long ... definitely happy with linters for php , css and javascript that point out these annoying syntaxical details before i get stuck in a four hour ' bug ' hunt . are you an intp ? if i may revive this thread another year later ... it's good to update how our job experiences are once in a while isn't it :P just came across this page because i was looking for infps in the front ... sounds awesome ! i can imagine it's such a great combo when it works . sorry for reviving an old thread , but i would like to know more about the dynamics . right now i have an enfj female friend and ... honestly i am increasingly curious about the emotional intensity that both infps and enfjs have . somehow i can't live without it , even though sharing true emotions can be risky and volatile , it's ... yeah conventional society is just really a bummer for us ! at the moment i'm having fun with freelance webdesign projects , which feature wireframing , design , wireframing , programming and testing , ... enfj cuteness , yay ! :-) infps can be quite different from eachother sometimes but for me it's important to have my own ' bubble ' where i can't be read or pinned down because i am cooking up ideas ... interesting , i assume it's not the talkative people that are your reason for wanting to live there , haha .. what would bring you back ? yeah it seems to be in retreat , luckily ! although in some areas of peru it's far from gone . at least in terms of domestic abuse and respectful behaviour towards women . i'm in contact with a peruvian ... i am also dutch , but i prefer the more indirect ways of communicating . honest , yes ! please let me know what you think , indeed . but i find that a less direct message can also convey what someone ... are there any infps in peru ? i am from holland but i am amazed at how hospitable , humble and indirect people from peru are . it's refreshing compared to the direct , blunt dutch culture . that has worn ... i thought it was worth at least a reply :-) kind of overlooked the fact that it was an old thread , sorry ! not caring or caring less about other expectations works good for me . it's hard to let go ... do you mean when people are kind of narrow minded because they have to protect their carefully built up image ? ( albeit grandiose or not ) i try to stay away as much as possible from these bosses ... sorry for replying so late . just a couple of months lol ... currently i am in a transition phase after getting overstressed at my job . still running low on energy ... stress free would be nice ... cool , i have been trying to figure out what career step to take next . being a webdesigner , i am getting tired of technical goals , dealing with too many detail requests , strenuous bug fixing , etc . you ... personally , i don't like that an enfj can come on strong , making you feel great and special at first . but before you know , they're ignoring your messages or sending other mixed signals that are ... i've had a friend tell me he doesn't see me in any conventional job . which is so true . i need originality , authenticity , innovation , and at least some amount of freedom and appreciation . and it's ... i guess i'm still grappling with this on a personal level , having had symbiotic parents and working through some insecurity & dependency issues . there seems to be an important difference in 2 people ... ah , i think i know what you mean . i've heard statements like it would be nice if ... or maybe someone will ... in a generalized way , and have myself act upon these statements to take care of a need ... geoffrey epic post ! ! maybe nf empathy is tough sometimes because it goes after things of the heart , which is often something i would try to avoid naturally when it gets ugly , unfair or confronting ... oh yeah , the magical what just happened moments . can you give an example of that ? sounds like a sensible thing , as friends we can support eachother greatly . isn't the ti function installed in 4th position by default for enfjs ? or is this a non standard issue ? ;-) my female enfj friend is quite smart also . she loves t guys i think because of how their ... would you date one again , if so , under which circumstances ? :-) sounds epic :-) and recognizable . i feel happy or even hyper after enfj interactions usually . are you still together with your gf ? if so , what are your common interests & goals that make it succesful ? :) for me , i'll definitely just tell her that i find her special at first . unlike hey , was fun , bye . then you're in my special zone , hehe ... the area between special zone and dating zone is kind of ... for me it's helpful to take a friendship approach first . i don't care if i'm friend zoned because good friendship is my preferred basis for something more . the hard part is when i get feelings and i ... i'm sorry to hear that man ... were you exhausted and misunderstood because of a large i / e difference ? or was it more about the difference in values of your fi and her fe ? i totally dig the organised and result driven lifestyle enfj girls lead in combination with their lovely ideals . in terms of dating i feel it's really tricky because as an infp man i prefer to just ... i guess my definition of strong also included the more extraverted types who like to assert their own values strongly , and sometimes also communicate that they're so strong that they won't let ... + 1 on not needing more mother type of dates . done before , still doing : mad : first get your own mother connection issues healed , then attract more healthy types with your own health ( maturity ) . i ... in my opinion , making the spiritual connection with god through worship is the best place to be , because god's love can freely flow through the infp ways :-) i do have a conflict though . once i am ... i'm not dating one , but an enfj girl lives next to me . it's a really close friendship in terms of emotional sharing and humour , and now i'm constantly re-evaluating the difference between a close ... right now i think enfj comes closest to romance for me . first nf closeness experience ( wow ! ) . i've been in short term relationships ( < 6 months ) before but i'm done with all those misplaced ... i got the feeling that i am familiar with this dynamic between female enfjs and male infps . i'm having friendly contact with an enfj girl for some time now . with ups and downs we seem to be getting ... now i recall : i've had that exact same thing said to me by an ex i suspect was enfj too . and i recognize a lot of dynamics from your post ... but i would never want to be like an enfj . at least ... yeah i recognize that with myself : frustrating : there's some unconscious process that happens when i talk to smart and sweet independent women . i start to admire their independence . and before i ... i'd do a follow up so here it is : i just thought about the nf emotionality and how that can connect to relationship satisfaction .. nf's are feelers tuned in to other people and prefer harmony . so ... i second that about the overanalyzing . it's good to take the step to let relationships just happen . giving eachother the freedom to initiate , to take the relationship and connection further , or not ... yay for happiness ! :-D so recognisable ! ! i hope it's possible to feel more secure by having friends who support you as well . i tend to expect wayy to much from a potential so otherwise . for now i seem to be attracted to women who are nice to me all the time . feels kind of dependent so i hope to move on to more passionate relationships . it's a typical dreamer thing to do , isn't it .. dreaming of a possible future with someone and then excessively worrying about that , etc . can i ask how you've learnt to connect more in the moment ? thanks for your honesty there . i recognize what you call the domineering aspect , i guess i was wondering before , where that came from . i think it's when i get overwhelmed by her debatefulness , that i ... : sad : my humble opinion .. female enfjs are too cute to be sol darn it ! not possible . did you ever get together with an infj male ( abundant j qualities and stuff ) ? if there is ever an enfj ... when it comes to love types i've more often seen infp female <-> enfj male recommendations than infp male <-> enfj female ( not on the list guys , the theory says no ) . but wow , i love this ... good points , thank you ... we do have a lot of expectations eh ... dating seems to be on a lot of peoples minds . i do too fall into that ' trap ' , thinking i can glue myself to an interesting ... interesting perspective . quote of the day for me :-) and i am discovering the importance of art and other imaginary forms of expression just now . life always has rough edges and the only right ... '