' i have always found the myers briggs labels to be confusing ; especially the judging vs . perceiving . when trying to explain to people who are new to mbti , that is the most difficult hurdle in my ... awww , sweetheart ! ( ( hugs ) ) why is it that you are feeling bummed ? is it really 40 ? age is so relative and nebulous to me , it doesn't even seem real . was there some goal , or place in your life that ... this . so much this . sometimes people ( you , in this scenario ) process internally a lot , and that is fine . but , when it comes to relationships , a lot of people need things to be communicated . you can't ... i do this as well , but it's actually not romantic for me as much as it's just random . i find people that i have that instant , electric connection with and ... wow ! it's like a roller coaster ride or ... wow . i was super angsty when i came to this thread , and i'm already feeling better , seeing so many wonderful things ! keeping it going ... ( just some of my favorite things :p roud :) 602762 ... question : if i had eaten a radish , would i remember ? what if i'm not sure i've ever eaten a radish ? sometimes ... i like to imagine i'm eating food with my mind . i may not be even craving at all , but it is so satiating . tonight : pad thai , i can't say i completely disagree with the folks here , but i just wanted to say that we've all messed up at some point . every one of us has done something awful to another human being , ... is absolutely dead on imo ! also , i would add that ... for me personally , nothing really can destroy the potential in that person except for repeated disappointments . or even simply being ... um ... i find this highly comical , jeb , as your comment was snarky to begin with . also , i got g_w's reference and thought it was funny ! : kitteh : i also wish we could all just get along ; so back ... i hate micromanaging ... hate is too mild of a word . i can * not * survive in a micro-managing environment . likewise , i can * not * survive in the blame rolls downhill type management environment , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nMEHJPuggHQ so amazing . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkeDBwsIaZw i hate these platitudes as well . they are trite and meaningless to me . would you tell someone who broke their leg , oh , i know exactly what you're going through , you should just be grateful because ... oh my . now , i realize that i have insecurities . everyone does ! but do you ever run into a person whose insecurities absolutely make you crazy ? ! ? i can't stand it when people need everyone to be ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmKU14TRiho i've always been a clutter bug ; as a kid my parents gave up on making me clean my room ! i just make these emotional attachments to things or i see their purpose and it's hard for me to let them go . ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9v8jLBrvug&list=PLnCpaW2iFGzhZjw7Zo7FxSmIlCOJmGvfY&index=2 i love tv on the radio so much . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OaKVy-FlaUA i feel lost . and more than a little tired . it's like , i summoned up every bit of energy i had to leave everything i knew for what was supposed to be a new beginning ; and it has been ! but , ... sometimes it strikes me how funny it is that some things about a person just never change . i always have the hardest time going to sleep at a good hour ; partially because i absolutely love the ... you've been given a gift , then ! you have the contrast of being without to really relish the richness , the gift of it . when you do find that girl , i hope that you do make her feel like royalty , and ... uggghhh , that's the worst ! ! ! :( ( ( i feel so sad for you . :( you know what's super weird ... ( and you probably won't even believe me because it doesn't sound real ! and that's okay ! it'll just be there , pinging around in your head until one day you try it ... they love being the devil's advocate . actually , i don't think they can resist . people who don't know me at all : are you always this sweet ? to everyone , all the time ? variations of : you know the most random information . my co-worker said it best , you're just like ... that sounds like so much fun ! i love costume parties . i miss being in drama . my favorite part was doing the plays for the elementary schools every year ; one year i was dorothy and a whole auditorium ... wow ! i've just been watching a bbc show the buccaneers , and the main character annabel i am certain is an infp . i just heard the perfect infp quote from her , sometimes , life feels so dreadfully ... a bird doesn't sing because it has an answer , it sings because it has a song . - maya angelou / unknown whew ! that is a tough one , i'm a pretty extraverted infp and entp's of the opposite gender have always paralyzed me in a way . although , i am pretty sure i dated one at one point before i knew of ... 306378 3063 86 306394 :( looking at cute pugs because i miss my pugbaby . sometimes i think i never want to love an animal again . : crying : blind post ! i read the first page only . hi infj's ! this is my first time in your forum and this thread caught my interest . because ... i have personally found infj relations rather confusing ! ... yes ! ! i have found myself very unpredictable in this regard . there are some people i'm super close to and tuned into and replies are generally more frequent and i initiate more often . especially if i ... jazmein 85 hey , i'm feeling lost and disillusioned about turning 30 this year as well ! just started a new job and 2 of the 3 dr's i work with are younger than me . i dropped out of college due to the ... eyesopen ... i think sometimes we infp's can be so in love with the novel , the possibilities that when swept up and away by ne , we don't realize what we're like at all . or , we have an idea , but it ... awww ! ! one of my life long good , good friends is an esfj and i have made a kindred spirit best friend with an isfj that i love love love . sometimes istj's are very eye roll worthy and can try my ... i don't want you to feel ignored , but this really isn't enough to go off of . : unsure : i could see all of those behaviors belonging to many different types - - - my suggestion would be to look at the ... dabbling ! ! ! oh , friend . i could use a cup of tea on your porch . haha . really i'm doing great ! new state , new job that i love . after the first job here that i didn't . : unsure : but i made some ... refugee ... omg i needed that ! lmao ! i was just puzzling on this today . i think if everyone knew exactly what i thought and how i felt all the time , the ish would hit the proverbial fan . i've always been very self reliant , considering ... so , today i went to get a cup for milk out of my upper cabinet , and unbeknownst to me there was another smaller cup inside , and i realized with a distinctly familiar sinking feeling that it was , ... sometimes it's not until other people notice that i notice that i'm in that mode . i just started a new job and my co-worker notices a lot of what i do / say - - - including the fact that i exclaim that ... i love firefly ! i'm re-watching it for the 2nd time , which led me to resurrect this thread to add my thoughts , i'd welcome thoughts / comments / criticism ! kaylee - enfp but she knows it ... when having the perfect vision of how something should be is so incredibly satisfying , but the effort it takes so deflating that you have to dig deep to make any of these visions come to life , and ... dabbling is the best and nicest and kindest and most diplomatic intj ever - - - i think that intj's can be so wonderful . it's very true that our two types do have their sticky areas , but wow . when it ... : blushed : * shoe scuff * dawww ... :p roud : i will say that when i was younger , i know i came off more insincere - - - and sometimes when i'm tired i'll get sloppy and lapse back into it . i ... the search for a painless existence is an illusion . better the pain that comes from a direct result of my own choice , made in good faith and hope for the future and tempered with as much wisdom as ... gah . : confused : sometimes i really realize how impossible i am . whenever i'm dealing with any kind of big decision / change in my life , i pull away from some people , and confide in others . the ... i am about to make a huge life change . like , everything about my life ... is going to change . the closer i get ... now that there is a countdown ... the less sleep i think i'm going to get ... celebrating differences ! exactly . because i admire extroversion's ability to constantly express in the moment so much easier than i can ! but that's what i love about well balanced and self ... '