' interacting and communicating with other people involves responding to them and letting them respond to you ; giving and receiving feedback reflecting our subjective experiences of each other ... over the last few weeks , i have been toying with the idea of trying to get in contact with other possible infjs in my area . i recently moved from norway to the uk to study english literature at ... i completely agree with you . for me , the most important part of watching a movie , reading a book or listening to a piece of music , is to become completely immersed in it , so much so that you forget ... picture this - i am standing alone in the school lobby , waiting for a friend to return , when suddenly , out of nowhere , i spot the creepy janitor , smoothly dancing his way across the floor , making ... 53353 yes , but only fleetly . sometimes i'll be walking alone , my mind in deep thought , not really paying attention to the world around me , when suddenly , i open my eyes just a little wider than usual , ... a few days ago , my philosophy teacher invited a young guest-speaker to our class , asking him to elaborate on his thoughts regarding independence and personal freedom . the reason for this , was that ... when you really need to be needed by someone , and you feel so indescribably useless when no one opens up to you with their problems , and no one seem to be able to trust you enough to let you help ... holy diver - dio https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkysjcs5vFU macgyver hmm-hmmm yeah , yeah talking heads - psycho killer http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l5zFsy9VIdM caterpillar found you this morning in the cookie jar first i liked you , now you've gone too far i can't sleep cause ... you know you're an infj when you constantly find yourself procrastinating , and when you continually put off finishing any of your projects because of your inherent perfectionism and your ceaseless ... when you once thought all of the statements from the past 228 pages of this thread only applied to you . like my mum used to say : the best man for the job is a woman :p roud : anyone else think these people look strangely british ? : tongue : there was just something about their faces that just screamed british to me , i don't know if it was the shape of their head , the ... i agree wholeheartedly with what you are saying , and i believe our ability to detect fakeness in a lot more effective in social situations where we get to see all of a person's body language than in ... bbc science has a pretty challenging quiz where your ability to spot fake smiles is put to the test , and you can attempt to find out if you really have what it takes to distinguish an artificial ... i finally got to see sunlight again , which resulted in a somewhat impulsive photoshoot from the terrace of my new apartment :p roud : i have to say , taking a picture like this is just way too much ... when you try not to let anyone know about your fever because you don't want to upset anyone with problems you can handle nicely on your own . when you don't mind being a little sick because you ... there is a problem with my browser , which makes the pictures show up as their original links , and right now its telling me that your picture is called lying.jpg : wink : oh , and i believe ... as usual , i spend too much time writing my posts , and it seems i was a bit too late with my response : tongue : but i swear , i wrote my reply before i read your description . lullabyblossom she feels helpless , as if she's no longer in control of her own life . she doesn't know how to handle things anymore , and its almost like she's given up . she feels like everything ... i find myself a secluded spot , somewhere hidden and out of the way , put on a pair of headphones and turn the music up until it drowns out the noice . i let myself drift away to a distand land of peace ... when you can forgive everyone but yourself . when people constantly misunderstand your intentions , and you feel like you never do things for the same reasons as everyone else . when you never ... when you wish you could withdraw so far into yourself that you would be hidden from view . when you wish you could leave your body and run away from the attention for a while . when you start ... when you wish some posts could be thanked more than once because everything they said was just so ... perfect . don't worry , i'm not going to leave the comfort and safety of my current home any time soon :) i dreamed about if for a while , but at the moment the idea doesn't appeal to me as much as it used to . ... there was a time when the notion of just heading out into the wilderness and living by myself in a tiny cabin seemed strangely seductive . i dreamed about sitting by the campfire at dusk , humming ... during our roadtrip in the northern part of norway , we came upon a small zoo claiming to be the northernmost zoo in the world . one of their main attractions was the chance to cuddle with a couple of ... meowpower hey , welcome to the forum :) i really liked your first post , it reminded me a lot of the first post i wrote myself , and i can really identify with everything you said . you seem like a ... it is really fascinating seing people's responses to this , and i can pretty much identify with all of you . i've never thought about the angry crying before , but now i realise its something that has ... have you ever gotten so frustrated at something that you could feel your entire body begin to shake ? i have a very long fuse , and even in the most annoying of situations i am mostly able to keep ... i used to do this a lot too , i would freak people out by intensley studying them while they talked , its was always really funny to see how they suddenly started to cringe and move around and trying ... i remember when i first welcomed you to the site , your first post was really wonderful and i felt really in tune with everything you said , i'm glad that i could make you feel at home here :) i ... thank you so much for saying that , i really appreciate it :) you seem like a really nice and friendly person yourself , and i am very grateful for everything you said . based on the way you write , i am ... i am very shy and self-conscious , and very cautious about posting pictures of myself , but today was a good day , and i am feeling brave , so while these favorable circumstances last , this is what i ... being in love . having a secret nobody knows about . watching the trees sway in the wind . when you are feeling lonely , and the one you love calls you just because she wanted to . when a ... you know you're an infj when you are among a group of people standing in a circle , and you constantly end up outside the circle . when you wish math could have feelings . when you leave the ... thats something i might do too , i tend to always look down when i know someone are taking a picture of me and i never feel like my appearance is able to represent the way i feel inside . i usually ... oleanixmoon and kaly it is really great to see you here , let me be the first to wish you both a very big welcome , i really hope you will enjoy your time here . i can't tell you how nervous i was ... you know you're an infj when you start looking for a cubbyhole to hide away in as soon as you enter a building for the first time in order to be prepared if the need for shelter and isolation should ... you know you're an infj when you prefer being around just one of your friends at a time . when you don't really care about people's appearance , only their eyes ( or maybe this is just me ? ) when ... when you've been struggeling with a problem for a long time , and everyone else seems to get it , then suddenly connect all the dots in your mind . when you and a friend say the excact same thing ... hearing the amazing snap as you break through the crust of a creme brulee to reveal the creamy goodness underneath :p roud : i suppose you're right , i guess what i meant was that a lot of people go through their lives doing the same things over and over again , and they're just too busy to appreciate all the wonderful ... here are some of my personal favourites , these things always manage to make me smile : happy : i like hearing the squeeking of snow under my feet as i walk . the smell of freshly baked bread from ... i have a small journal where i try to write down all the little things that i see happening around me in my everyday life . these are never big things , just tiny and wonderful little moments and ... congratulations , you seem like a wonderful friend . if you would like one more , you may accept my humble friend request :) i just added myself to the map , seems like i'm not the only norwegian after all ! if any of you would like to meet me sometime , feel free to drop by . you will be met with handshakes , friendliness ... you know you're an infj when you watch a movie in a language you don't understand , and still cry at the end . when you can have the most amazing conversations with other introverts without ever ... a few late thank you's to people that noticed me . jeyssika thank you very much for listening to me and even quoting me . its really great to know there are people out there that actually agrees ... '