' hi , my parents are enfj-estj and their marriage is awful . i have just found this and this is spot-on , it actually explained a lot . they argue all the time and just can't get along at all . i'm ... you're mistaking an enfj for an entj . edit out of curiosity : are they aware that they're considered just a wild fling / fuck buddy ? i never stated i would let him cheat on his girlfriend with me . where did you get this from ? what i said is that i wanted to officially date him , not becoming his mistress . what i meant with him ... because you made it pass as if i was the one initiating all this . i'm not . my fault is that i fell into the trap , though . also , i got what you said with his other relationship not being an issue if ... thanks , this is what i thought too . thank you , i'm taking what you said into accounts . definitly . i have so many doubts about this guy , even though he's being very nice to me . i think i needed to read this to believe it , as i'm too ... hey , me again . i think i've just found the perfect boyfriend material . i actually met this entj one year ago , had some sort of love at first sight syndrom and things went wild immediatly . this guy ... dear entj , when exactly did i fell for you so hard ? i hate feeling so much confused . sincerely , your beloved intp girl thank you for worrying . :) i think i am fine , no worries . sending you a pm to explain . dear estp , and to think that i first mistook you for an entj . i probably projected my ideals on you . i had no idea you were taken . i won't tell your girlfriend that you cheated on her with me , nor ... if that helps , i've seen my entj friend interacting with some fake , obnoxious attention whore . while he secretely despises her and laugh at her , he shows her his polite side . one of his friends is in ... arakkun , madman , mr canis , ouchies , piyush , quang + , remcy , silverfalcon , themaraudingtimelord , xenss . hi to those people who visited my page . definitly inumuta from kill la kill . look at him being full intp : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N-JLnxQxKKk i mean , this is so hilariously accurate that i suspect the scenarists to know ... i've bought a pdf from here that was extremely well done and exhaustive . these are very shallow reasons to type yourself as an intp . any type can need their alone times . as for seeing everything from a logical ways , hopefully any type can do that . you see my point . a ... i can't deny this . not saying any of those things are incompatible with being an intp but based on this , the vibe i get from you and all of these do any intp [ insert random activity ] ? threads you constantly open , i ... a large part of infps are enneatype 4 , and 4 crave for authenticity . other types , not so much . think so ? i just love that city . paris is boring . not a problem , i'd only have to study another year in england to validate my degree out there . both systems aren't as different as you may think . or i could join an international company and work ... hmm . i'm hanging out a lot on this sub-forum . the intp sub-forum is cool too but it is pretty much like interacting with my mirror images , while entjs here provide me with some insight i didn't ... yeah . truth be told , i'd like to practice in london . i'll try to find a way , but most likely france . i am extremely happy with my job as a fashion model . i'm soon to become a lawyer and i think i'm going to love that too . intps have a hard time dealing with a boring job , but we're pragmatic enough ... those socionics intertype relationships seem so narrow to me . so many things have to be taken into account that i find it impossible to define one single pattern for a relationship . my dad is an istj ... quoting myself from another thread but i guess it fits there too . my dad is an istj ( either 2w1 or 1w2 with a strong 8 fix , or an 8) and he is way more dominant and controling that any entj father could ever be . mother is an enfp 8w7 . you should take a look at the enneatype 4 sub-forum , we have plenty of similar threads that might help you . i don't think my love for precision prevents me to build an intuitive understanding of a foreign language while i am still learning . it's just that i won't be satisfied until my level in said ... since the forum is all broken , i came wondering on your land . i have never dated an enfj but i am close friends with one . we get along just fine . he has a lot of insight , he is way more idealistic ... no worries , i know you want to help me and i didn't think you were an always right smart-ass at all . i don't know if i seem angry or something , but this isn't the case and i didn't take your ... i agree with this , and this is fine by me . is that really how entjs can be ? playing with people's feelings ? i guess anyone can be an asshole but most entjs i've came accross seemed pretty much ... this is interesting that you point this out because i didn't realize that other people would feel that way if i showed them how bad i felt for hurting them ( even though i obviously wouldn't want to ... mygti we're both 22 . i wish i was a bit more like you because i am certainly unable to pursue someone i like , out of fear of rejection and being vulnerable . i am confident in most other areas ... that's a great advice that i am keeping as well . thank you msbossypants , you're a wise person and i often enjoy your posts . and here i realise how dense i am when it comes to figure out that a male is attracted to me . i pretty much expect them to friendzone me and thought he was only doing this as a joke . is that the ... this is eery because i was in this exact same situation , and i can totally relate to your state of mind . i don't think this person is worthy of your time . look at how it is pissing you off . you're ... same here . i have tons of intp friends and most of them are passionate about their chosen field and hobbies . some of them have music as a passion , one of my best friends is a brilliant painter and ... now that you mention it .. : laughing : rofl , i get this a lot but i am not asian at all . however , sometimes it makes me wonder if i do not have any asian ancestor . could explain the resemblance . i have slightly slanted eyes according to ... holy shit . i didn't expect that . i slightly mentionned a guy i was attracted to during a conversation and he didn't say anything . i am feeling extremely bad if i hurt his feelings doing so . i guess ... this hold some truth but that's absolutely not how you initially phrased it . my biggest crushes are immuable things , though . let's not forget that i am a 4 , and 4 are easily fascinated people ... broken link . :( i wanted to see you ! then i guess you hit a chord of intp girls . :D what i see in that staring is a warm emotion . pics or gtfo . : cool : you look great ! dunno why i have always loved asian features so much . am i proving your point solely because i disagree with you ? as for a proof that i am not right or don't make sense about my claims , i have yet to see it . this quote was the reason of my post ... i have known this entj 8w7 online for 3 years , i met him in real life once and he wants to see me again . he has been immediatly fond of me ever since we met , i have no idea why . i get a different ... dear entj , i know how dear i am to you and that it's the reason why you are constantly teasing me , but this is not always as fun as you think it is . i know that all you want is to impress me , but ... i am telling you that i can relate to being obsessed with all sort of things and yet you're stuck in the narrow opinion you've built over intps for whatever reason . '