' lol ok , i will humor the idea . just because your intp doesn't mean your hobbies only relate to the stereotypical ones . i have all the stereotypical ones including love all things technological ... this is possibly just a phase where i feel the need to fill some void in my life and it will pass with time . however it couldn't hurt if i don't happen upon a pot of gold while traveling down this ... no i have not , any particular logic behind the suggestion ? perhaps you feel i am showing an exorbitant amount of s but believe me i test n on everything . however with age i am seeing a shift , the ... yeah i see your point but what better place to find someone who shares similarities when you are not looking for a date ... entrepreneurial idea : website to find friends not just dates ;) what i hoped to find was a meaningful connection to someone who thinks like myself since that is lacking from my real life . obviously the limitations of the internet and real life present hurdles ... some good points in here . however i see nothing wrong with going with your initial feeling if you meet someone new and seem to connect . perhaps the connection won't last but theres no reason to over ... i don't know if it's just me but i tend to lose interest in things after a short period of infatuation . take these forums for instance . i came here with the desire to meet people of similar minds ... trance is the best thinking music and this video is pretty tight youtube - broadcast yourself . for entertainment i read a ton of fantasy series like the ones mentioned above . a few more are : the sword of truth series . sword of shanarra series , an older female friendlier series the dragon ... 99 % of people learn through trial and error . don't touch the stove ... you know what they did how old are you ? your challenge is typical of young adults anything can become an obsession and have negative effects but generally speaking striving for meaningful goals is positive . the statement about moderation i made applies to everything . as for ... lol , ok just making a blanket statement : wink : burn out sure . now to find a way to re-charge ... start small and incrementally increase the fe to a suitable level in your interactions . fe is useful tool that should always be kept handy :) motivation can be internal or external so if you are having challenges with your internal motivation i would suggest finding a source to provide some external motivation . if you want clarify on what ... my advice would be to establish said farm / underground facility on an indian reservation . you can analyze me anytime i enjoy the feedback . no force about this thread ... what you dislike in others is usually a fault in yourself well to start with the advice doesn't cost . 05 ;) i can appreciate your perspective as i have felt the same way myself on occasion . it really boils down to you and how you approach or view yourself and others as far as loneliness is concerned . if ... i believe the buddhist ideal was addressing material / exterior inouts . desiring to improve yourself for example is not a bad thing so i think perhaps you could focus your desires towards meaningful ... those are adequate answers unfortunately not conducive to extending a conversation . small talk takes practice and conscious effort for most intps . in the weather example i might say yes its nice ... in communication i would have to say that i wish i were quicker but usually like yourself i think of things i would have liked to say after the fact . it really depends though because sometimes i can ... i am new to forums but every time i see a post from you i can't help but feel pity . you need to be a little more positive about your worth . note comment based entirely on about 6 posts i have read ... i know it was expected . it's entertaining to me as well sometimes so i dont mind feeding some trolls :) if one thing i share allows one reader to gain a new understanding or perspective then the thread is a success . i will gladly debate all day with any and all naysayers . i can't expect all the intps ... that's fine , then why waste your time in this post ? the intention of this thread is to provide possible insight / advice for those who are interested . with only the limited info that i can attain ... the thread is not intended to please everyone . if its of no interest then why bother replying ? ... lol willpower is a trait that doesn't come naturally to everyone unfortunately :) imo the only people you should consider above yourself would be your kids . otherwise selfishness is generally speaking a normal and reasonable trait . their are obvious people who may behave in the ... these are good suggestions but it is also important to make sure you are not dwelling on the surface but rather going deeper to the root . if you were more specific with how one is a failure then more ... then why bother replying ? the first step is admitting you need help :d ry : some internet guy may or may not have valuable info for you . i myself am always open to new ideas i was inspired to make this post after browsing the forum and seeing that many of the youth here need a little wisdom . lol i know the answers for myself as well just lack the desire to solve some of the challenges like not having enough wealth yet ... lol i am an intp and i have 99.999 % of the answers , post your questions here and i will check daily to give you the answers you seek . : laughing : seriously though i get energized helping others solve ... you tell me ? does a cow deserve less of a right to life than a dog ? it's not about the money , but the money buys time to explore new ventures . so get rich in the most efficient manner , then retire so you can become a scholar . that's my goal but alas i too am ... whenever confronted with a question which you know that if you answer matter of factly will get you undesired results , one good practice is to divert the topic . or you can put them in a frame of ... obviously there is no magic number . i believe that external circumstances / experiences come in to play with the maturity process . generally speaking as an intp you should be able to analyze the ... lol , thanks . read that back in college and even though its human nature to worry about your weaknesses i make a conscious effort to focus on my strengths . it is exponentially more valuable for ... on a side note , most people dont understand that their type is evolving until they reach maturation . thats the problem with many people here , they are young and not fully developed into their type . ... i am who i am i dont try to be something i am not . however that doesn't mean that i dont evaluate the situation and make adjustments as necessary . pretty much everyone puts on a front in various ... usually when i do blow up its fast and furious ;) if viable i go to the gym and lift weights , or just get away from the situation and try to settle myself . in this case its easy to see the logical choice . 3000 vs 1 is a no brainer . however if its 1v1 then ... i personally would take all variables in consideration when making my decision . the amount ... as a kid i use to borrow from stores and would justify it even though i knew it was the wrong thing to do . i don't know if i did it because my single family mom couldn't afford it or because i have ... just curious how other intps feel in regards to abiding by the law . i evaluate the situation as it relates to the law and make decisions whether i will follow it or disobey it . for example , most stop ... isfj - wife istj - bestfriend the majority of family and friends are guardians of differing variations . i know a few rationals but we are not super close . i always have an opinion on what the best solution is to any given problem , too bad some people don't always want to hear it , including my wife ;) in regards to the subject matter your friend does come off as crass to put it a nice way . however some people may accuse me of de-humanizing in the sense that i feel humans are not superior to other ... smiling is a gesture that may not come natural but is a valuable asset in dealing with people . i smile as a gesture of friendliness not because i necessarily want to but because it typically has a ... hi all , i already posted this on the introduction forum but thought i would throw it in here for the other intp's to compare and contrast hello , just joined today after delving into the ... '