62337 excuse the baggy eyes , i'm a little bit sleep deprived these days . well , i think it trumps my list : i've lived in norway ( several cities ) , belgium , france ( several cities ) and spain . i live in norway , but i recently came back from the south of france , where i'd ... and here i thought i had moved around a lot , that's an impressive list . anyway , welcome to personality cafe , i hope you'll find some answers here ! intj genres : - classic rock ( the ' 60s and ' 70s in particular ) - progressive rock - alternative rock - hard rock - blues - jazz - folk rock hello , fellow scandinavian , and welcome to perc ! don't worry about your english , as far as i can tell it's completely fine :) thank you for answering , therevan and grunfur ! i'll research istj and istp and their functions and hopefully figure it out . i've been aware of the mbti and the cognitive functions for a while now , but i still struggle in typing other people from scratch and i wondered if any of you could help me type my father . ' but why ... welcome to the forum . it is always good to have another intj around . i hope you like it here :) hi , welcome to perc ! i agree with you , the book is always the best ! tim burton's movies have gone a bit downhill lately , but i like the cheshire cat and between the disney one and the latest i prefer the colors on this ... first of all , i'm sorry that you're feeling depressed . having experienced mild depression myself i hope that i might be at least of some help . i read the original post and mainly skimmed through ... it's the cheshire cat from alice in wonderland , so it's meant to be kinda creepy ... not that i am , of course : shocked : oh , that's too bad . it's not long though , i reckon i'll finish it by tonight or tomorrow morning , so if you have the time and will , it's definitely worth reading :p roud : o negative finished the lord of the rings some days ago and just started the hound of the baskervilles . you look a bit like andrew scott , the actor who plays moriarty in sherlock ( the bbc series ) . here's an image for reference : ... 10/10 lost in translation is a favorite of mine . welcome to perc ! just as krelian 91 said , try posting or reading threads in the ' what's my type ' sub-forum , i recommend this thread in particular : ... welcome and happy birthday , peachie ! welcome to perc ! hope to see you around in the intj sub-forum . well it really depends on the person but in general i dislike being touched at all . i need my personal space . however , i frequently hug people in my family and i love being hugged by them . when it ... were you involved in sports or the arts ? i took art classes even though they were optional at my high school . it was a great way to cultivate my creative side and to improve my sketching technique ... - i touch my face and especially my nose when i'm nervous . - when i'm sitting on a chair , sometimes my leg ( s ) will start shaking without me noticing . - i used to bite my nails but have stopped ... thank you , everyone , it's nice to meet so many friendly people ! i'm also glad to see that several of you share common interests with me :) hannachi : cool to meet a fellow slytherin and intj ! ... thank you everybody : > novastar : nice to meet you , ravenclaw ! gadfly : hmm ... that's a difficult question , i kind of dodged it in my introduction to be honest ^ ^ however , the films i keep ... sophiascorpia : yes , i suppose so . i really don't mind being in slytherin , in fact i quite enjoy it , it's an awesome house ! it was just a bit confusing at first because i'd always considered myself a ... thank you all for the welcomes :D also , krelian 91 , nice to see a gryffindor here ! i also completely agree with you concerning the relations between personality types and houses , there's no exact ... i've never been too good at writing introductions and english is not my native language , but here goes : my name is selma and i'm a 19 year old norwegian girl living in france . i'm studying ...