' parenting is a two sided coin and i can only give you half . i voted istp as a common sense counter to the nay saying over protective mother who ties children to her apron string until they are 50 ... here are some ideas : what are your interests ? they can be personal interests or work interests . what appeals to you ? what do you consider to be fun ? what are your natural skills , your ... hate to say it but you sound just like a bright istp . i've worked with lots of smart people and what you are doing is not uncommon . two things will help . develop some self control . mature . ... cookies work . welcome . i have recently read at least two posters to the forum describe their experiencing a major change in type . a more common change is a shift within type . i have taken the mbti at least six time ... school was a strange mix of like and dislike . so imagine this : you're a little kid , a bit older than a toddler . life is sweet . you get up when it suits you . you have something to eat and ... i'll bust my butt , especially if i like what i'm doing , i believe in what i'm doing and my employer has my back . if my employer screws me , lies to me , doesn't pay for work done or hold up to agreed ... i don't mean to be humorous at your expense as this situation can be troubling to you , but honestly , sometimes this is how life works . someone long ago coined the word exasperating and it seems to ... i have been typed at least six times in the workplace by professionals . the experience was wonderfully productive professionally and very helpful personally . mbyi opened the door to the rest of my ... last night i dreamt i was looking at a blood moon . it was not orange or red tinged , it was blood red , as if the moon itself was made of blood . as i watched it fine black lines appeared and formed ... i really disliked school . i think i disliked being controlled by the system . doing what i want to do comes naturally . doing something that someone dictates runs against my grain . i don't mind ... here's a thought for you . sit tight a bit longer . get a new therapist you are comfortable with and bring them up to speed on what you want to do . get an opinion or a suggestion from your ... i suspect both genetics and environment play a role . education not so much as by the time you enter school personality may be established . my opinion only , i'm not a psychologist . appreciate a rainy day and be thankful for it . it offers a time to rest , read and relax , and perhaps enjoy a movie . bewildered by the past , boggled by the present and i thought this was going to be about beatnicks and bad poetry . oh , well . laurel & hardy . - they made the world laugh . bogart & bacall . - what magic they had ! the three stooges - they brought humor to millions of children . mighty mouse and oil can harry ... istp here visiting . with focus and premeditation , i'm ok short term . if someone pushes or tweaks me the irish appears . also , great sadness is too much to hide ... so is great love . pineapple . with ham , onions , mushrooms and green pepper . in indonesia corn is very popular . with pineapple . fresh pineapple . i think it is great advice . there are far fewer problems when people are honest with themselves and others about who and what they are . it is intellectual honesty in action . some people go to ... average means you have hit the statistic norm , meaning of course that you are perfectly normal . can you imagine how many people would give all they possess to be normal ? across the continents and ... home is where you hang your hat . istp . grey and gloomy , drizzley and quiet . especially the deep , leaden grey before a snowstorm . only once , after being in a place like the alamo , for 9 months . we got out ok , but didn't expect that it would work out that way . the second night after we were free i had a dream . i dreamt that ... because people love to bitch . they would rather bitch than fix it . if they fix it , they can't bitch . people love to bitch . it is a vicious circle that brings meaning to their lives . i'm in a very small town and the local doctor and his practice are pathetic . i chose to locate competent care givers and travel to them . it has worked out well and provides a chance to shop and ... a person who is very unhappy in marriage is emotionally unstable . she is filling a void with you and may use you as a means to end her marriage . once free of her bonds she may opt to stay single , ... i computer search frequently regarding the why and how . consider this , if you will ... during the history of humankind we have desired and sought knowledge . it was , in a general sense , unavailable . ... penguins actually have very different individual personalities . zoo visitors would ask keepers how we were able to tell them apart , as the birds of the same species were nearly identical in ... i used to be a zoo keeper in a brand new penguinarium . we had a variety of penguins , to include emperors , kings and a number of smaller species . cute for sure , and they just excell at biting , ... networking is about using real friends to possibly assist you in your life . this is far different than simply using people to meet an end . networking is about gathering leads to follow up on . if ... thank you for the clarification . the term network or networking is currently in common use as a means to locate jobs or improve career opportunities . to network is to contact people who will ... still networking . you are the one being worked . your friends are the net . no . it isn't practical and would be unenforceable . do it . it's another college degree on a job allocation . it may serve to separate you from the rest of the applicants . networking is no more than being in contact with friends and acquaintances , then using them as resources for information that support your needs and interests . retirement . free money from the government and i do what i want . every day ... i just don't see the friend thing happening . if you are attractive , and apparently you are , and fun in the sack , he may think you are looking him up for another biological joy ride . if your ... then you have two situations to deal with ... managing your load and managing yourself . both are adding to your stress . i suggest the load first as you can bring about some measure of improvement in ... relax , be yourself and let your heart flow . you have no need to worry . just don't do anything to intentionally hurt anyone and you will be fine . people in your age group , as you note , are typically paired and often married , leaving you odd man out . the college crew would , i think , be somewhat younger than you are . there could be good and ... twenty years younger and know what i know now , with homes in asia and scandanavia . when overloaded , reduce the load . when under medicated , increase the meds . you sound like you are approaching exhaustion and mired to the point of inefficiency . you could be at risk for becoming ... as an istp i'm lovin ' the houseboat . a perfect fit . when you are all alone it is time to stand on your own two feet and make your way in life . after you do this a few times you will begin to develop the confidence you need . when people see you buck ... so i actually landed my dream jobs . there was great satisfaction in doing what i wanted to do , but it wasn't quite like most people would expect . i loved my work and wouldn't change my choices . ... but no doubt , allergy , a warm heart . root 0 , my job had me traveling constantly . you didn't ask but i'm going to toss this out to you . get with her one on one and tell her how you feel . be 100 % up front with her and see how she ... if you want the most money go online . if you want it gone , yard sale . welcome to the club , tanner . jump in and get your feet wet . i think you will like it here . '