' yeah , of course i just don't usually bring it up myself unless i'm around people i know well and trust i seem to be the odd esfj out as far as enjoying , participating in , and starting theoretical / philosophical debates there are many things i could say in response to the rest of this but i don't ... 4 . we do pick up feelings from those around us . so if our friend is sad , we can get sad thinking about how sad they are . we also pick up opinions from those around us , so if we're with a bunch of ... i'm pretty sure it's just a you thing . i have music stuck in my head constantly . tend to prefer instrumentals , and i've realized that even when listening to songs with words i tend to ignore the ... i'm confused . violently was talking about reactions . not physically violent , but strong and emotional . i was saying that's how esfjs react to often not very important things , and i was asking if ... sensational do you want the truth to be something else ? do you react as violently , if more spread out over time or aimed inside toward yourself ? these things don't just whoosh away . also , wrt your ... generally , it goes inside . i find i keep it inside until i'm alone , then i get upset , then i feel bad about feeling the way i do , and so forth . that said , in the moment i have the bad habit of ... thank you for answering a question about us that is both fair and truthful . i appreciate that , we often get people answering questions for us who don't know what they're talking about and aren't ... i agree . i think you misunderstand . we want the truth . we know it might be painful . it often is . we can't shut that off . we can react strongly to these things . but then we react , and for the most part that ... oh goodness . i want to clarify one issue . people are saying , well in my experience they criticize this or find this annoying . that may even be true . the issue with this thread , and i think the ... i have no idea , given you haven't shared much . they could just be esfjs who act differently than others , or it could be something about you . i'd rather assume it's the former . i can try to help if ... sounds like you're handling it pretty well . keep it up and good luck ! * blinkblink * yes ? i'd say that's kinda a lot abusive ? no healthy normal person acts that way normally ? i mean you probably see it as worse than it is due to the situation , but still , with what ... want to make sure to warn you to be extra careful not to push him into something he'd rather not do just because he wants you to be happy . just like with mbti , anybody using anything to build walls in their head between themselves and any other person in any way is not good . period . many people still do it anyway whenever they can . ... eesh . i feel bad for him . but yup that explains everything . yay for figuring it out ! sort of , except all of the countries in the competition vote , as well as televoting from any country watching . joooin usss ... dodgers fan from my point of view , and obviously i'm not you , but i see him not really ever going to go beyond this , particularly if he hasn't denied that to you in private or anything . do any of you do the laugh i've observed where an amused smirk flitters across the face and one lets out a sort of single huuh chuckle before returning to contemplation ? if you think that he's fairly serious about what he's said re : relationship seriousness , and you've said that casual is not what you are interested in , why are you still considering riding along with ... a long time . depends on what you mean by that . yes , maybe . depends on the situation . ... lol no we dooon't : unsure : lol okay . the one thing i'm certain about after having read through a few times is that he's being honest when he feeldumps you at the car . that is basically ... i'm guessing it's a female harpy eagle . i believe they're quite a bit larger than the males and would be better at playing that harp . in fact , you should join us on the lifeboat . that way it's democratic . birds of prey always look angry . it's the ... bits that would be eyebrows if they were . 525530 hey , i did say friendly , didn't i ? event : i've stolen one of the lifeboats and most of the food and drinks . come join me as we plan our friendly takeover of the yacht and sail the friendly seas ! it's pleasant . i've already made friends with half the sharks . watched it this year for the first time in austria , enjoyed it a lot , agreed on the most part with the voting , it was suspenseful and kept me up too late , so yay . also snacks i brought all of the food . nice view of the ocean , isn't it ? i'm aware , and i do not feel attacked by the statement . the christian philosophy . what is the christian philosophy ? nowhere in the christian faith are you encouraged to tell other ... i'd love to see you back this opinion up . first things first . islam , christianity , and judaism are not the same . islam does not worship at all the same god as christians . the beliefs are radically ... ( sorry for butting into not my forum ) no . but what exactly do you mean by very religious ? if you mean , in this case , following the teachings of the bible well ? this is the category that most ... glad to see some people are defying the norm / stereotype of stare semi-seriously , wrinkle your eyebrows up , and raise the corners of your mouth . : tongue : what single things do you get most excited about ? cite a recent example if possible . isfps ! isfps are awesome ! i don't need to say any more , because it's not really that complicated . curious , creative , fun , friendly . i like ' em . not quite as sure about this one , but even if it's the case we still worry that it might have not been the best thing to do for the next few days . yeees . there are three croissants , eight ... huuhugghugghughgug ... and ? even if it is a joke thread ? hur hur hur , i don't like people because they're different . that's neither particularly funny or something i would really joke about . particularly because ... 1 . what is your favorite food ? kässpatzen . it's a german dish with spätzle and cheese . also just cheese , particularly allgäuer bergkase . 2 . what is your favorite color ? orange and blue . 3 ... * drapes colorful stuff about the room * thanks for this thread , guys ! made me smile . : happy : i don't value it incredibly highly , i . e . i see it as an interesting way to look at the world and maybe consider things from others ' viewpoints , but generally have shied away from places where it's ... thank you ! it's a tendency of my personality to want to help and fix everyone , and i have to learn to just keep back more sometimes . take it as a sign of yourself being very interesting and nice that i am writing really long posts . it's something i rarely do . but i am ! hehe , yeah . it's tucked in there somewhere . deeep , ... how would you want a friend to help you out if you're feeling kind of depressed and under the weather ? is encouragement or positive talking appreciated , or do you prefer to figure it out by yourself ... i really appreciate this long and well-thought out comment ! thanks for responding ! this is totally understandable . i mean , sometimes we're like little puppies jumping around and you don't get ... sorry for this answer in advance , but it really depends on the xntp . if i share interests , they are nice people , and so forth and so on , of course . but i would say that about any type . '