sds | self directed search | online career guidance test $ 9.95 for a single user https://www.sokanu.com/ free but with ads https://eparachute.com/ thanks for the reply and your comparison of my themes and my type . perhaps the adaptability theme comes from your ni , looking at something from various angles , that would require a certain mental ... how closely do you feel your themes match your mbti type ? thanks again . thanks , i hope so , haha . i suppose to some degree . i don't have an in depth knowledge of mbti , but i suppose at least going by stereotypes or the basic descriptions of the functions , there is some ... hi , thanks for the post . i have been trying to learn more about the positive aspects of myself and what / how i can do my best work in life , so of course i came across this test and took it . here are ... x93if you hate a person , you hate something in him that is part of yourself . what isn't part of ourselves doesn't disturb us . x94 agree or disagree ? thanks for any responses . hi , i hope this answer has some value for you . i think when it comes to my se , i do it in the typical ways . i am a huge nature and one of my favorite activities is to take in the beauty and ... well , a member did type me as an introverted esfp and if he is correct and just for fun , here is how i would differ : enjoy time alone tend to do things at a leisurely pace not charming ... hahaha , if you go by stereotypes , then i would be the worst istj ever , haha . istj : we have to get this done ! : worked_till _5am : me : hey , look a kitty ! : chat 02 : thanks for the response , yes sorting things out can be quite difficult when it comes to this journey of self knowledge . it definitely helps to get input from other people , so thank you for your ... haha , i will have to check that out , thanks for the link . i love your screen name and avatar . thanks for the response . i will keep you updated on the exciting adventure that is me . i think a lot of people go through that . i think type is a good means to the general end of finding out what is ... thanks for the response . that last sentence of yours hit home with me . i have met people mostly at work who seem to like me , mainly because i will entertain them . i think people perceive me as a ... thanks for the response . i posted this question out of curiosity . if you are curious about the discussion . here is the link . thanks again for the response . ... thanks for the response . i don't necessarily consider myself an introverted esfp . i have really been viewing it as an interesting possibility because the human condition is so malleable and varied . i ... hi , thanks to anyone who responds . i got a couple responses to my post in the what is my type forum and one member suggested i am an introverted esfp , have you been typed as this or can you relate ? ... you know you are an isfp when you just bought a few groceries and decided to take the longer , more round about way home because it is so much more scenic and beautiful , especially on a cloudy day , ... thanks again , hmmm interesting statement , but it does make sense . yeah , when i had to pick a career direction and start really planning my future i didn't handle it well , haha . i didn't get the shits ... thanks for the response , it is great that you have embraced that part of yourself . that is still a bit of a challenge for me . i also am tempted to do many things and i think that is one of the great ... wow , that is pretty great . i wish i planned things out that well . you should start a blog or one on personality cafe about crafting your current career path / job and how to take advantage of your ... thanks for the reply , i did find your post helpful and not suprisingly everyone here pretty much agrees the tests are messed up . the differences you listed about how a dominant si and fi user will ... i must admit , what you have said about me being an introverted esfp has been on my mind . i did check out that link you gave me and a couple other descriptions . i can definitely relate to the ... thank you for your time and help . i appreciate the counterpoint and i did check out that link you gave me . i was suprised how much of the description i related to . i do feel like my se is tempered ... thank you for the kind words and the detailed analysis . i appreciate your time and your help with my introspective journey . i am a bit confusing , lol . i agree i think my enneagram influences a lot ... hi , thanks to anyone who responds . i ask this question out of curiosity . on regular assessments , i score as an isfp and on cognitive functions assessments , i typically have scored as an isfj . is ... hi , thanks to anyone who responds . what is your experience fi , how does it play out in your functional stack and how do you feel it affects you as your primary function ? thanks and thank you for the response , i enjoyed your post . i also enjoy your signatures . so what did you find helpful to get past the influence of your immediate family ? thanks for the response . i grew up with a similar family and yeah , it definitely has an impact on your environment . it can really lead you to devalue those parts of you . thanks again for the reply . thanks for your comments ! wow , i can totally relate to what you are saying . i personally have come a long way in working on realizing who i am , dealing with conflict and really figuring out what i ... that's great , i can see how a job like that would be challenging , you kind of have to be two different people . still that is pretty exciting . yeah , i don't think they will be listing art director for ... thanks for the response . that is great , isn't it when you get those results and it is already in a career direction you have chosen . so what is your current career direction ? thanks again for the ... thanks for the kind words . it is great that you want to be a teacher . a good teacher has so much value to people . my general focus for now i suppose would be writing content . it is a huge field with ... i am tempted to say isfp as well . from what you have written , things about learning through experience , shopping , pulling away from the main stream . also wanting to know who you really are could tie ... i love your post and the break down and all the details you gave me , finally someone who gives me details . i really enjoyed reading your work history and analysis of it . you had some great jobs , i am ... thanks for the response . my brother is an engineer so i can imagine what your co-workers are like . that is interesting , was there an adjustment period for your ne , to switch over to a technical focus ... hi , i feel i have been caught between these two types . almost like i am a combination of them . thanks to anyone who responds . typology questionnaire 7/22 / 17 1 . is there anything that may ... that is what i have learned through working on myself , thanks for the kind words . well , i do have the brownest eyes you have ever seen . some say a soul can get lost in them . just kidding . thanks ... that does sound very compatible with a nine , seems like a very mature state of mind . so what are the challenges you face expressing your personal style and if you are fi-dom , why do you think this ... i wish i had been more like that . it was the opposite for me for years , i would just want to avoid conflict even if it meant internally i was dissatisfied and not at peace . thanks for that ... thanks for the response . based on what i have read about infp stereotypes , that seems like a job out of left field . do you feel being an infp helps you with your work and do you engage in more infp ... thanks for the response , i agree with the looking back to childhood part . so what is your holland code and what specific ways has it helped you ? thanks again . thanks for the response . i definitely thought it was one of the better assessments out there . i also scored ais or the strong interest inventory scored me as ase . what work have you found yourself in ? hi , here are my two cents . i think you could be an enfp . i remember reading that the extraverted intuition function loves novelty and is directed at the outside world . you are 17 and already ... so do you think this is true of the other types as well ? thanks , that makes sense . i appreciate you responding . hi , thanks to anyone who responds . i am a solid type nine and most of the online assessments type me as an isfp . nines stereotypically seem to be blank slates that just go with the flow and that ... hi , thanks to anyone who responds . i am a solid type nine and most of the online assessments type me as an isfp . nines stereotypically seem to be blank slates that just go with the flow and that ... thanks for the response , that is what i usually score as on these online assessments . thanks again .