' thanks for giving your opinion , though i expected an answer from the admin ( at least by courtesy ) , as they are responsible for our data . on a more general note , most people ( particularly in the ... x93contact us for further detailsx 94 ( in the notification text ) . apparently , not all questions are welcome . can they extrapolate other infos from our ip address / user name / etc . ? can people make financial profit out of those personal infos ? can they link our posts on perc with more personal ( non anonymous ) , ... common sense is one thing , technical expertise knowledge ( about actual consequences ) is another ;-) hopefully , technical experts ( from vertical scope ) will answer precisely . this question is indeed interesting . the thieves seem to have our ip address / community user name and ( hashed ) password . i do not know if they can get more personal information with that . what was ... not so silent then ... ;-) well done ! you expect people to reject you and with this mindset you masochistically sabotage relationships . i went to see a specialized pharmacist and he told me i needed to resynchronize my sleep . he gave me serotonine , orotate magnesium + taurine and also a mother tincture of valerian , escholtzia and ... ... by sniffing peppermint essence oil ( or camomille essence oil ) in your bed right before sleeping . it is very powerful and peppermint can be used also for headaches , digestion , flue , etc . by comparing what you think other people think with what they really think : the only way is to ask them ... then you will develop more and more your objectivity and get much less naive . i do not read very much either ( infp 4w5 ) , but when i do , it is mostly books about self-development or understanding others . i read voluntarily very slowly , as i make a lot of connections and make ... i am leaning towards esfp , as he seems more of a te user than ti . some of his broadcasts set him as a entj or estj , but he himself is a dominant se user . if you get more energy from being with people than being on your own , then you are an extravert and vice versa . healthy infps are at ease in social settings , though they remain dominant introverts . i agree with maker of helmets , you are probably a “ p ” ( ne / se as a dominant or auxiliary function ) , but apart from that , it is hard to tell you more . i would say probably an intuitive , but i am afraid ... hi smc 29111 , if i had to tell thinks bluntly , i would say this wall of a text shows you have little empathy for the reader , not because of malevolence , but due to a lack of interpersonal ... in riso & hudson levels of development , this guy seems to be a 4 at level 6 ( the self-indulgent exception ) . for some average to unhealthy 4s , in order not to be rejected , they prefer to break ... this is clearly the dysfunctional people cafe . haha the more posts you have , the more dysfunctional you are . yes , stupid question indeed and it's not the first time . you do not think much by yourself , do you ? too lazy , maybe ? lol i like to be surrounded by healthy people ( which is not the most common thing on this website , i have to say , lol ) whatever their type , but if i had to chose , i would pick up healthy 9w8s :-) hi o0india0o , so , basically , you are an oral type and he is tactile / kinesthetic . you have different natural ways of communicating . you think talking is the solution , he “ thinks ” sensing or ... i am confused now , but thanks for giving us this piece of information . i watched the part you talk about and he did not seem sure about it . anyway , if he is really infj , then it is very instructive ... ok , now i think you are right , he is probably enfp and 6w7 with 4 in the tritype , considering his micro expressions ( i learned recently ) . actually , the actor , tony shalhoub , is probably a sp 6 ( w7 ) while the character adrian monk is a sp 1 ( w9 ) with 6 in the tritype . hence , my mistake . ok , i did not see the hamster video . it is an outstanding performance considering it is a fanfiction . i think he is a sx / soc 3w4 entp . he could have a wing 2 , as well . tritype : 369 or 379 . that was a ... littlerayof sunshine and daf 25 i agree with you , dan howell is an entp , but what is his enneatype ? 4 , 6 , 7 or another type ? i think he is a sx 7w6 , with 4 in the tritype , but i woud like to know ... dan is clearly an entp . fe is his third quite well developped function , but definitely ne dominant . as to the enneagram type , i thought of sx7w6 with 4 in the tritype . gluttony of experience seems to ... adrian monk is an istj sp / soc 6w5 . ocd just emphasizes his natural si dominant . he is phobic at core as much as an sp 6 can be . i am triple reactive , but i have a dom social instinct , so maybe it is easier for me . i learned not to take things too personnally . i think it is called objectivation and it is particularly useful ... i chose this video more for the body language and general attitude than what he actually says . the tics and so own . i personally saw him as a 9 isfp , 963 or 962 ; but he could also be a 6 , ... i was typing people randomly and i had a doubt about him . i ask the question to improve my understanding of the enneagram . could he be a phobic sp / sx 6 or a sx / sp 9 ? i think fear is a part of life . take a look at this article : rafael nadal : scared little boy by dominic bliss - itennisstore.com and : ... the mediator archetype : a combination of 3,6 and 9 in the tritype . so , 369,396 , 639,693 , 936 or 963 . i would say 9w1 , 963 isfp . i got fired by a female estj several years ago because i had criticized the technical rules ( too rigid to my opinion ) . she told me during the formal meeting i would jeopardize the company if i did ... this person would go through a process of authenticity , in not being kind just for approval for instance . it is a usual process we should value as it means we are getting free and no longer trying to ... hi discoveringzeke i think you need to sort out different layers of your personality and brain structure to get out of your typing confusion . this is how i see the picture : statistically , ... in the video ( thanks for that ) , jung himself suggests ( in the last part ) he is an intp and has always had the greatest difficulties with feelings and reality . intps are statistically 5s . he also ... i like that as well :-) on the other hand , if we could isolate people with the same tritype , stacking and health level , we would notice psychological differences . so , my assertion : “ variations within types are merely due to ... to my opinion , there are no such things as “ temps ” that would be independent from the “ instinctual variant , tritype and level of health ” ( ith ) of an individual . i mean , everyone has a temperament , ... i did not look closely , but as far as i watched on youtube , she may be a 9 or a 6 ( i voted 9 ) . i recently got this interesting list of videos that could help you figure out her enneatype : stackemup ... a guy called heavy sent me a link to 9w8 youtube videos and especially soc / sx 9w8s to compare with paul walker . it builds a strong case for a soc / sx 9w8 , indeed . however , i still find paul ... so true and we should add they are more arrogant than most descriptions of 7s we find in the literature . if you do not comply with their caprice , back their enthusiasm and follow their views ( even if ... thanks , father of dragons . patrick swayze was another well known 6w7 ( like david letterman ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QaLvzbZAowU and another video with paul walker , who looks ... thank you , firedell . it seems i did not understand this description of sexual 6s ( found on the enneagram blogspot ): sixes with this subtype tend to act strong or seductive when insecure . they are ... it sounds like fighting injustice to me and the most prone to react strongly to injustice are 2 , 6 and 8 . ( thanks for your answers . ) on the other hand , he says he is doing this job because he wants to learn , discover people and understand who they are , how they are the way they are . he can obsess on ... thanks for your input , vanguard . i do not know why there are so few people , who actually voted . thanks for those who did . here are some interviews i found on youtube , which give some material to ... i have no idea . do not know anything about mbti . sorry . i see him as a 6w7 , probably sx / soc stacking . look at his phobic eyes and counterphobic demeanour . however , 4 can also have that kind of look . i think he is probably a combination of 6 and 4 . riso & hudson write on their website about mistyping 9 and 6 : these types are actually frequent mistyped . sixes and nines are both concerned with security and with maintaining some kind of ... '