' i'll give it a try ... - notoriously absent-minded - calm and quiet in the eyes of strangers - thoughtful , philosophical - strong ( this is partly self-affirmation and in a lot of situations i ... i dislike a radical juxtapositioning between eastern and western philosophies . overall , they deal with different issues : broadly speaking , eastern philosophy is philosophy of life , whereas western ... this . i hate the combination of my need to please and my personal opinions . often my need to please and my personal opinions are in conflict and i feel very heavy internally because of this . at ... good idea . i'll make a similar list . from other peoples ' perspectives about me : - too intellectual - too slow - arrogant ( in reality i'm not arrogant at all ) - too quiet - too weird - ... btw , i like fake insults . but it demands that i know the person very well . i don't really like people who take everything oh-so-seriously and think that every funny fake insult is horribly mean . but ... i rarely tell jokes or make sarcastic remarks . i don't find jokes or sarcastic remarks funny , either . sometimes they may be insightful but they don't really make me laugh . sometimes i say things ... personally i don't feel strongly about natural disasters or any event where masses of people accidentally die . i don't like those things and if i could , i would make them go away , and i want to ... i have a small nose . it's neither pointed / sharp nor wide . it's not straight , either . it has a little bump at the bottom ... my nose looks circular if you look at my face in the position that you see ... http://i186.photobucket.com/albums/x169/hatsumomosheart/juhannus6-1.jpghttp://i186.photobucket.com/albums/x169/hatsumomosheart/P1040403-1.jpg ^ ^ and there's my eyes ... hopefully no one recognises ... i'm not sure if i believe in eye-typing but there's a thread infj eyes ? in the infj section and i've noticed that an awful lot of self-identified infjs on the internet or famous people that are ... i've had issues with self-esteem and i certainly couldn't say that i can honor and love myself , no matter what other people think about me . my self-esteem has been very much tied to how other people ... growing up is ... taking responsibility for others and own actions . realising that you have to start making lasting choices instead of just dreaming up possibilities ( at least for me ) . some of ... yeah ! i actually rediscovered math when i was depressed ... math made me focus on something else than myself or other people which , at that moment , made me feel sick . ( the first time i discovered ... i could visualise intuition as a giant machine that takes a while to really turn over , and then it hums and snarls and releases all kinds of strange noises and finally it spits out a product . the ... type 1 : 4 type 2 : 3 type 3 : 3 type 4 : 7 type 5 : 7 type 6 : 5 type 7 : 2 type 8: 0 type 9 : 5 come on , someone reply ... i would also love to know if someone had any idea of wether there has ever been a culture were introverted feeling is the norm ? perhaps the ancient greek culture ? i read on vicky jo's infjorinfp.com that the north american native culture holds infp as normal and standardised : infj or infp ? a closer look that's very interesting . i would like to ask if you ... :D looks like provocation . what are the infj's social and emotional skills like ? here are some qualities that i have understood to be factors of social / emotional intelligence . could someone rate how good infjs generally are ... i find this concept rediculous . do you mean that you find the concept of being misunderstood ridiculous ? i don't . i have plenty of experience about being misunderstood . and unlike isitso ... are there any other nfs here that are interested in science and math ? maybe you even have / had / are going to pursue one of these as your major or minor subject in college ? i am ( i have math as a ... i like holidays and their message but i don't like it how commercialised christmas etc has become . i used to make gifts for other people and stress out about the gifts ... and i always felt like my ... i'm certainly not an expert but isfj + teaching sounds like a good combo to me . somewhere i read that the majority of education studies majors are esfjs , which is almost isfj . i have an image that ... suigintou , you really come across as an infj to me ... i don't feel the presence of fi or te in your writing . your thought processes seem pretty close to my own , but still just ... different . ... it seems that we agree on this . but let me clarify that in my opinion fine-tuning opinions doesn't end in reasoning , either . rather , it is a dialogue between reason and intuition . if my reason , for ... ps . i do think it is possible for people to fine-tune and change their opinions via reasoning , but at least the starting point of forming a belief is intuitive . or ... so i believe . leeloodallas , so you're saying it's always wrong to hurt animals on one hand ( that's what the period implies in your original statement ) and on on the other saying that sometimes it's right ... as a child : a little princess by f . h . burnett little women by louisa may alcott the famous five by enid blyton sweet valley kids / twins . now : a little princess by f . h . burnett little ... just for the record , my thoughts about ethics are still in process . hmm , thank you for your insight . it is possible . it is also possible that other people sometimes intepret my random observations or associations as arguments . sometimes i don't try to argue my point ... my infp sister was very much like what you have written but she wasn't very quiet . sometimes my mom would say : do you have to talk all the time , my dear ? and my sister would reply : but i can't ... hmm ... well i've never been in a relationship but ... i guess i would love to be noticed . kissed and caressed ... and i would love romantic moments , like candlelit dinners or a weekend together in a ... i look for someone that i can respect and share my life with ... and someone who respects and understands me . also , someone that i really , really like , more than just as a friend . also someone who ... this is a really tough question . firstly , i don't know many of my friends ' personality types , and secondly , people within the same type can be very different . i know nfs that are really nice , and nfs ... i would just say that hurting animals is wrong , period . i know that it could be reasoned like this : hurting animals is wrong because hurting another being , when not necessary , is always wrong ... thank you for taking interest in my personality-typing myself : blushed : it is really difficult to answer a question like that about my own inner motivations . i really don't know if i can tell why i'm ... i've read that charles dickens and his charater david copperfield are isfjs ... how can people hate such lovely people / characters ? i do agree , people shouldn't say such mean things about ss . i haven't been in a serious relationship ... but if i ever get in one , i'm probably going to be clingy and affectionate and still need my own time and space . i'm probably to build trust slowly , so at ... i'm currently at college . the first few years of my studies were chaotic . i didn't get as much studying done as i should have , i was depressed , didn't know what i'm really studying for and was ... thank you , that is a very sweet thing to say ! especially when it feels like infps aren't very popular among other types , it's nice to see that someone appreciates them :) i had an intj ... i've been wondering about this . i'm not completely sure if i'm an infp but if i am , then according to the description i should dislike hard logic and even be irrational . i don't view myself ... ha , i tend to daydream , too . and i also read out loud . i've been reading out loud since i was a child , so it's never felt weird to me . i read out loud nearly always as long as my voice is strong and ... hee , one of the reasons i started this thread is actually that i've been unsure of wether i'm an infp or an infj , and i've been hanging out at an infj forum , where i have enjoyed myself . however , i ... is there an infp reading style ? do you read slowly or fast ? do you feel like you need to read every word , or just get the general idea and skip a few sentences here and there ? do you finish all ... '