' just recently in history class ( highschool junior ) on a wwii lecture : ay naw if i ever see dat nigga hitler ima kill that nigga . i put dat on errything i love breh w - ... w-well he's kinda ... gender : male hair color : brown ? hair style : short eye shape : uh eye color : green glasses : nope personal style / manner of dress : i suppose a mixture of urban socal and casual formal / prep ? ... http://i60.tinypic.com/2ujsc61.jpg what it is . me currently at 16 . totally forgot about this thread lol . http://i44.tinypic.com/14xndkz.jpg taking those little lint sheets out of the dryer . stopping the microwave 1 second before it starts beeping . waking up with a dry mouth and refreshing it with something cold . the warmth of paper ... i'm by no means a sensitive person but slumdog millionaire just hits me right there . especially that ending , cry every time . i'm not really a poetry person but i write when the urge strikes me lol . some really good poetry in this thread . this might get kind of long and i couldn't figure out how to hide text so don't ... those are insanely cool , i envy you good sir . i'm bi-racial ( half black half white ) and i got my mom's green eyes . will edit post with pic later . yes , but come to southern california as it's the best california . http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_RQjQvxtmK8A/TQJYAuFn1aI/AAADaQ/tWxiXSr3Jq8/s1600/trolling-for-dummies.png i for one welcome our potato cake overlords . i hope most of you feel the same way as it'd be quite the disappointment if you disagreed . grand theft auto ... this . christians : 1 atheists : 0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WxwEmpSD_Is omg ur so right id liek dis errtime if i culd night-time is amazingly beautiful . it's always much much more colorful at night , and the environment and scenery is always much more intense and passionate . much better for facilitating deep thought ... metaphysics epistemology literature i'm exceptional with c + + and ... just one more hour of sleep , please . you know , you don't have to try to be so absent-minded and deep all of the time . lighten up and learn to live a little ! just go away . please . we'd do it all : probably in this order 1 . try to capture some and in the process kill a good amount 2 . attempt to experiment on them 3 . we'd start to develop moral feelings for them , and ... 1 . it was never my intention to come off as condescending or pretentious , truth is i don't put any actual effort into being the silent and introspective type , nor do i disassociate myself with your ... yeah , just a very introspective guy . heh . '