' ryan : istp seth : infp marissa : isfp summer : esfp taylor : esfj anna : enfp sandy : enfj kirsten : istj julie : estp ? reagan - istp winston's partner ( forgot her name ) - istj sent from my iphone using tapatalk just the season one people ! i haven't seen season 2 and on schuester - esfj . the fe-si is beyond obvious . struggles with his own needs , stuck in the past . sue - entj . finn - isfp kurt - intj ... with eric , yes . idk , i wouldn't say she's definitely estp , it's a guess though . also - i feel like pam is the estp . omgg yes . except , tara is an istp nora gainesborough - enfj has anyone typed julian ? the only remedy for extreme mental anguish - raw , physical brutality i love this guy . sucks he's dead ~ sent from my iphone using tapatalk santiago - estj rosa - istp holt - ixtj ? gina - entp charles - isfj terry - esfj ? peralta - enfp winston , i changed my mind - enfp sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think overall , it depends on the person regardless of their mbti or whatever . however , i will say that i recently had a fallout with an enfp i used to be really close with and after reading up ... russell edgington - entp please change to ---> wanderlusts :) jaha - the 100 lmfao some people need to go outside and experience real estps in the real world because sherlock is sooo not an estp . am i the only one who thinks he's an intp ? he's too eccentric to be ... yess , i can see estp for mark now . daymond : istp , i see . something about him just comes off with an istp vibe . barbara : estj kevin : estj lori : enfj robert : ne-user ? yep . i see tons of fe in him throughout s4 . sent from my iphone using tapatalk ike evans - magic city sent from my iphone using tapatalk update : stevie evans - esfp danny evans - infj lauren evans - isfp sent from my iphone using tapatalk update : watching s4 . schmidt - i decided he's definitely esfj sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm so excited for the klaus and stefan crossover ! ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk http://45.media.tumblr.com/bd2265cfd2b80ea21f3b34af98a133de/tumblr_myphbdoHAf1s2r4b5o1_250.gif http://45.media.tumblr.com/478d941df19759d74ccc74f2e0009479/tumblr_myphbdoHAf1s2r4b5o2_250.gif ... eddie's let it ride attitude in the xmas ep is such an se-dom thing sent from my iphone using tapatalk the 4 girls were all different temperaments , i love it . carrie - enfp samantha - estp miranda - intj charlotte - esfj - - - big - istp ? stanford - isfp this thread is fantastic ! my biggest issue from high school to college was staying in the routine of it all . keeping up with the weekly assignments / the readings . the only routine i've stuck by in ... what types of naughty things / haven't / we done ? ( minus the psycho loony bin stuff ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk i had no idea this was a common thing for estps ? ! most people think direct questions are like attacks / starting a fight . to me , i think it's just a matter of being real with someone which is what ... for eric , the fi-dom is hella strong throughout the series . hyde - i mainly thought of him as an istp because of the se-aspect and inferior fe , but i'm seeing entp as well . i really don't know ... you know , i actually agree with you now . i dunno why i never considered entp before , but now i can't unsee the entp in him . the devil's advocate thing of hyde's definitely fits into the entp frame . so to start , i'm a person who actually isn't into the relationships thing . i'm just not interested in them , and have a habit of always being the one to cut guys off . so i can't say i understand what ... it's not the same thing - but i have a close friend who is an istp and we get along famously . we always appreciate how well we get along because neither of us are fans of the clingy stuff , have no ... i can't tell if max is istp or entp but caroline is definitely an estj funky mbti's opinions aren't always valid sherlock is sooo not an estp the way he operates on and off where he can just sit around for days on the couch and then go to the other extreme in taking ... xd you amuse me too ! agreed ! i'm not opposing , i just wanna know what an introverted extrovert is sent from my iphone using tapatalk lmfao what calm down broseph i'm just asking why sent from my iphone using tapatalk how can i put a thumbs down on a post sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm arguing this one :) an introverted entp ? lol sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm laughing how you emphasized more mature estp too funny sent from my iphone using tapatalk bel jaffe - istp mark - istp kevin - possibly estj i'm pretty in love with this show and wanted to get this thing going ~ ike evans - enfj ben diamond - entj vera evans - esfj ? stevie evans - esxp danny evans - ixfj judi silver - enfp i'm wondering why nobody has entertained the idea of katherine as an entp ? devils advocate , uses her tert fe for manipulation like crazy . her and damon both use tert-fe and know exactly what to say ... gray fullbuster - fairy tail sent from my iphone using tapatalk irene adler ( the woman ) from sherlock sent from my iphone using tapatalk samantha - sex and the city sent from my iphone using tapatalk the ability to intimidate other people ;p ( so many people have a bigger voice in text to me , but then get all quiet & scared when it comes to in person lmao ) sent from my iphone using ... princess azula - the last airbender dawn chamberlain - the secret circle vee - orange is the new black fiona goode - ahs coven bosss lmfao nailed it sent from my iphone using tapatalk agreed ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk the way he operates doesn't come off estp to me . he's also kind of a pushover with his wife . even though eddie is a pushover with that chick , and i claim he's an estp , he's also really young ... '