' says more about your opinion of autism than me lol isn't answering jokes as if they were serious statements a symptom of autism ? might wanna get yourself checked . i believe that's normally termed watching anime i did a bsc in physics , then msc in software development triggered they have stroopwaffels though . best accompaniment with tea / coffee ever . actually , not sure why i never ordered more when i ran out . need to put that on my todo list . hence , where have all the good guys gone ? sad , but oh well . i got me a good one , who was never interested in those traits . on this forum , actually lol . plus asian , so bonus points : laughing : and how do you ascertain that ? this is an interview with a psychopath : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eu17Wuq3nI8 talking to a victim , i'm sure he'll appear likeable on the surface . he'll ... well there were three interpretations : 1 . literal interpretation : women can't be rational 2 . literal but extrapolated to more likely meaning : women can be rational but aren't permitted to , hence ... i knew a few guys like that , and they moved from girl to girl easily . the other guys i knew were decent people , but struggled to find any relationship . that's why it seems like women actively select ... i'm partly joking because you said women can't be rational , rather than what i'm assuming your implied meaning was , which is that you feel they are prohibited from being so by some kind of ... that kind of stuff is only tangentially related to introversion / extraversion . it refers to your default orientation . if you're introverted , then by default ( i . e . most of the time / more often than not ) ... so you're sexist ? avoid dating guys who exhibit signs of psychopathy , narcissism , or bpd . one is introverted nah , i'm happy so long as i've got a desk fan , can listen to music , browse the occasional non-work related article , don't have to stand up all the time , get free coffee , don't have toxic co-workers , ... anyone else ever wonder what it'd be like if the visibility of water was the same as air , so you could see all the way to the bottom of the ocean from the surface ? although of course if that ... i pre-emptively skip embarrassing parts of clips that i know are coming up , and can't watch those videos where they do something embarrassing irl . but movies aren't so bad because they're staged , ... 1 . we used logic to determine the earth isn't flat , and now we believe it isn't flat . we subscribe to whatever logic tells us at any given moment . 2 . flatness is an external , verifiable property , ... i figured a ti dom would realise that meaning is a human construct and not something that externally exists , therefore there's no point trying to find life's meaning , because it has no meaning ... me : well , why be subjective if you can be objective ? damn i'm predictable : laughing : these are two differing points to me , at least . i'm so se deficient ( or maybe s in general ) that i struggle to retain any sensory detail . in the last couple of weeks , i've asked my wife what colour ... as a carrier of fat legs , i welcome these findings . ( even if they're a little captain obvious to anyone who's been following actual nutritional science and not just mainstream advice garbage ) strong fe and ti . i would say intp , maybe istp , depending on if you feel more grounded practically or more abstract / theoretical . fe - desire to fit in , not be too weird , takes time to pick up on ... probably fi followed by te although which function is most likely to interpret every negative event as racism / sexism with no explanation or justification , but expects everyone to bow down to their ... someone mistook my wife to be a gay man ... she doesn't look particularly manly to me : confused : is this a question , or in the context of something else ? otherwise , random statement is random . and are you explaining fe , or explaining something intended to be a contrast to fe ? and what does fe ... ne - connections , patterns , possibilities . se - sensory detail , spatial reasoning . have you seen the raisedbyborderlines reddit ? it has some crazy stories k , but doesn't change the fact that bpd symptoms tend to be toxic , which is the original query , my stance being that some conditions can lead to toxic behaviour but aren't inherently toxic , while ... i go up to 11 partway through the test , and some ambiguous questions are popping up ... i find it hard to know what to do in a social situation . ok , so what if you understand the social protocol really well , have ... intp eat spicy food what are the available entertainment and learning media ? say you run a darkweb live show where you torture animals , and offer to have them join in . that might be a little too u200beffective though . depends on the degree and area . i don't consider degrees inherently at fault for people getting useless degrees or degrees that aren't in demand from employers . nice irony there , with the ... inherently ? no . it depends on the disability , and the individual experiencing it . they choose what to do with it , depending on what it is . but i'm sure there's a correlation . also , some ... no more peeing in cups . that did not taste nice . oh , somehow i missed out children's show the first time i read that and was wondering how a kid designed an ai smart enough to parse homework in such a dynamic and not pre-defined way . one time my cat chewed at pages i was working on , and when i told the teacher my cat ate my homework he thought i was lying ... so , given the tendency for tornadoes and the suchlike , the day after tomorrow should have really been called overmorrowind . no need to apologise , innocent mistake . weed doesn't generally kill brain cells , but there might be an exception to that rule if you're young enough . not enough research yet , it seems . i tried it once and felt nothing . maybe i'm ... perhaps it's promoting their products whilst claiming to be neutral that's the issue . you use price comparison websites for an objective summary of prices . what if they hid cheaper prices and ... are you confusing conscience and consciousness ? or you mean that we only feel a sense of morality in our head and nothing else ? genital region . why , that not normal ? irl : mathematician lets engineer approach because he's too shy irl plot-twist : she turns out to be a feminist and has the guy arrested for harassment for approaching her seems very unlikely . i match the intp description in every way anyone has ever framed it . well , sounds essentially identical to my views i agree , and that's because i view identity as something defined by you . i've seen a lot of nfs , however , who think that your identity depends on external verification or something . the identity ... something between 1-3 % of the population are intps . obviously geniuses don't occur that often even if intps had a monopoly on genius . most intps are obviously therefore not geniuses . not to ... interesting - all types with se in their stack . i probably would have gone for an fj type in the equivalent thread for becoming an f type . perhaps we feel the need to hold on to the inferior . '