' no . i've never understood that infp fluffy bunny stereotype . i'm too sassy for that . i would like to be more patient with people . one of my biggest flaws is that i have really high standards for myself , and when other people don't meet those standards , i am often in awe and sometimes ... i think love is simple , but relationships are work . i hope at my funeral they do something jazzy like play the price is right theme song while confetti falls from the ceiling . because i know they won't do that , i don't really care . funerals are for ... um , no . half of the time i was barely even part of the group . i've never dated a feeling type . even the guys i only went on one or two dates with were all obvious thinkers . i have two . my cat snoozing and snow falling . my cat is an obvious one . as for the latter , i grew up in an area in which snow was rare . i distinctly remember a snowfall during which i just stood ... i don't really have a lot of deep questions , e . g . , what is the meaning of life ? ~ ~ i don't believe there is any single meaning , and i don't believe in an afterlife . i am interested in how ... my istp boyfriend loooves his cats . he's not normally a cutesy or sensitive individual , but he definitely is with pets . do any other istps gamble ? i was joking with my boyfriend earlier and he told me about a gambling addict quiz he found online somewhere . he really enjoys poker and plays online a lot . he said he ... i do . it's not even necessarily to help me think . i just talk to entertain myself sometimes . i'm not sure if this develops ne or if these things come natural to me because i function with ne . nonetheless , here are examples of something i think i use ne for . i play a lot of board games ... i was interested to see infps in the lead , but i'm wondering if this is because those infps got their sos interested in mbti / this forum . or maybe it's the other way around ? i wish there were follow ... i'm pretty sure almost everyone does this , though the degree to which you are conscious enough of what's around you to realize you are actually saying it aloud varies . i talk to myself very often , ... i actually studied something very practical , and i enjoyed myself . i majored in advertising and just took a lot of sociology and psychology classes on the side . i got to do a lot of social science ... she may be interested . i suggest you just ask her out and see how it goes . somebody has to make a clear move , and most girls want the guy to be the first to act . all the coy , cute , flirty stuff can ... i don't like children . i have never been the least bit maternal . no . i was raised in a religious household . it always felt kind of empty , i was plagued with doubt , and then one day i stopped forcing it . teacher ( ne-infj ) . not the other one ( fi ) at all ... i have always thought the same thing . iei usually seems more like me than eii , and , admittedly , i can relate quite well to the idealist ... i think it's just people on the internet that are single . 24 in a couple of weeks . pampering myself . hot shower , shaving all the shavey spots , exfoliating , moisturizing , painting my nails , etc . i also really like changing things physically so that they feel different ... no specific type . i am romantically attracted to thinking types . when it comes to friends , i'm not very picky , as long as we have something to talk about . well , i am holding out for real tears . : shocked : : kitteh : i was obsessively orderly in high school because it was the only way i could keep up . i loosened up a lot in college when i realized that it doesn't really mean anything to have everything looking ... seriously , what's with the istp angry mug ? you think they're ready to hit somebody , but then you get them alone and they suddenly become all cuddly . i love my boyfriend more than i can put into words ; that's pretty much all i can say . i get a lot of outside comments from friends and family that he doesn't do this enough or should be doing that . i ... moving out of my mom's house and starting college was the best time of my life . i missed my mom , my cat , and my room , but there is nothing that feels as wonderful as complete and absolute freedom ... i am an infp . my boyfriend of two years is an istp . obviously , he likes and would date at least one infp . i will go ahead and tell you that if you pursue a relationship with an istp , you're probably ... i prefer bigger cities . it's not that i spend that much time out ; i just like having options . i really like apartment living . you get your own space , but there's a huge amount of comfort to always ... this is not at all what you asked for : i sincerely appreciate your use of tildes in the thread title . i have used tildes to indicate ironic or less than confident usage of a word , and it always ... i love reading only xxxs poll threads that have been established for a few years because of all the elaborate posts from users who are no longer labelled as the respective type . if i started posting opposing views in each of these threads , would anyone notice ? i don't think it's a silly ambition . i understand why people like money . i think it's more about how you prioritize things than whether or not you want to have money . it's more important to me to ... i suspect forums dealing with personality types are statistically skewed towards those who identify as intuitive . i do not understand descriptions of sensing very well , and i suspect many other ... i just get really silly and giggly . https://thephilosophicalboy.wordpress.com/2012/11/12/a-more-honest-look-into-mbti-descriptions-the-infp/ source . air is everywhere and invisible . it's like a quiet observer . i can't swim and hate when water goes up my nose . earth seemed boring and fire destructive . my boyfriend says i'm a little needy sometimes , but he's also an extremely independent person . we just accept things as they are . he knows i may send him several text messages throughout the day . i ... i don't fear committing to people , in general . i'm fairly loyal to those of whom i have grown fond . however , i am terrible at making life-altering decisions . when i chose the school i wanted to ... thinking types are all about this . ; ) i've dated estp , intj , and istp . my intp friend had a crush on me for a really long time . i'm still with the istp . it's a fun match . i'm enneagram 4w5 ... from my experience , the best thing to do with istps is to be blunt and honest . i always have a hard time coming to terms with the fact that things just aren't as complicated to my ( istp ) boyfriend as ... people who don't know him well often tell me that my boyfriend ( istp ) seems scary , angry , or otherwise intimidating . before i even dated him , i suspected that was just his natural facial expression ... when i think cool , i think collected . because my emotions are constantly in flux , i am attracted to people who are very stable . low excitement personalities make me feel comfortable and safe . i am very attracted to slightly cynical , quiet guys . that's my one weakness . i think i may associate these things with intelligence and wisdom , though realistically one does not necessarily guarantee ... when i am more comfortable with someone , i include more details , perhaps too many . i often become distracted and lose track of the main point i'm trying to make . i end up saying everything i know or ... i have an istp boyfriend . from my experience with dating an istp , this guy sounds interested . if you intend to turn this into a relationship , i would keep in mind that he may never communicate his ... i have absolutely no maternal instincts . i have an infp friend who is the biggest mom ever . i also have an esfj mother . at one time or another , i have felt all of those things . i've let go of my expectations . you really can't expect anyone to be anything ; they are what they are . my mother ... '