' lol , yes i see what you mean , with new friends who hasn't seen you naked , it's a good point . :) anyway , about having to choose between friends and love , that is a tough choice . in my last ... it could be interesting to hear anyway :-) exactly ! he talked to me again now , an he said that he thinks i'm being unjust and that he doesnt want me to be talking to my ex secretly and he thinks it's unfair that he has sort of given up ... probably not type related . maybe this was the wrong forum . anyway , i would be super jealous and not happy at all if i were him . but i dont hold myself as the ideal at all . i understand him though . ... how do i make it better ? he's angry at me because i've been talking to my ex boyfriend . i have to say this , i wouldnt sleep with my ex if he so was the last person in the world alive . he ... hello ! ! ! definetely sounds like you're an f anyway ;) i hope you'll like the forum and verything . my advic would be to take mbti with a grain of salt . at its best , it can be a way to greater ... hello and thanks ! i'm a procratinator and probably always will be . i have to recommend this though , it's hilarious and spot on : why procrastinators procrastinate | wait but why dont miss the ... i've been in a relationship with an istp guy for 1,5 yr now . we live together . i think we're super compatible ! we had some fights in the beginning , or i dunno if fight is the right word , rather me ... i'm sick of this shit , but i like this place anywaysss i am overly sensitive to critisim but as my boyfriend is an istp i'm getting used to handle straight forward comments :) beside me-a snoring man . but nor just any man , but the love of my life . me - naked , drunk and hunggry for some buttery garlic bread or something :P hi ! i would say that it hasnt so much to do with type as on how you would define friend . i , for example , would say i have many friends , but then , there're just a few that i really trust ...  ... hm ... i don't even know your type , but i saw on youre profile you're ennegrame type 9 ( as so am i ) so ... stop being afraid of criticizing others . if you express your opinion in a thoughtful and nice ... i feel this so strong that it must be true . hi ! i'm a little bit too drunk now and i havent been in this forum for ageees , but i finally found love ! ! and thats with an istp-guy ! ! ! we've been together for like 9 months now . he's the best ... case report well , he was very charming , very talkative , open , curious about me , warm . i was shy as hell so i dont think anyone seeing me would have typed me esfp . he was acting kinda gentleman ... lol it's interesting you say that . about that you appearing to be another type than who you really are , if someone runs into you . :-) and yeah , coffee date it is ! ^ ^ from the mails we've ... thanks guys , well i'm 30 and he's ... 33 . yeah lets just see what happens . i'm so nervous though , i'm tired of dating . tired of falling in love , mostly unhappily so , tired of being disappointed ... oh i have to say that my best friend is enfp , and we have a deep connection i believe . although i feel like if the enfp-personality is kinda , you know , girly ... ? sorrysorry thanks for your stereotypic input guys :P well i'm very curious about this date . it will probably take place saturday :-) i will report ! :D hi ya'all ! ! ! : crazy :: crazy : you enfp guys , have you ever fallen for an esfp girl ? or do you think you could ? hugs ! : tongue : you slut ;) with love of course : - * that enneagram info is depressing for me ... my best match is only with type 1 ? lol and what kind of man for me ? you know , i'll be going on a date with a estj , could it be something ? if we screw ... hello to you too from sweden ! ! :D i hope you enjoy the forum ! welcome dear ! :) hello dear ahlicks ! i hope you'll enjoy the forum and for gods sake , dont get addicted , i am :P i wish you a lovely day too ! ! ! nothing ! how could they ever ? they are so sweet , probably i piss them off far more , than they piss me off ! :) hiya , i'd date you any day ! ! ! :P although we're quite far apart , plus i'm a little too old for you imo :) but best of luck ! ! ! wohooo hot vid coming up :P just kidding ! ! ! congratualtions miss julia bell ! you're one of my absolute stars ! ! * moah * congratulations miss ! ! ! : crazy : nah , i'm desperatly in love with an intp , but he's not so interested . i think he's great , and he thinks i'm weird . which is partly true but ... anyway , when i want someone i do the pursuing ! there's ... hello and welcome ! ! ! :D is that you on the pic ? dont worry , you will not be forever alone . actually , quite few people are actually forever alone . so using logic ... why should you be in that small group of people ? some smart ... could as well be ... :( i don't know ! ! ! hmm maybe more likely to be e ... oh dear ! dunno ! ! ! i'm gonna post a quote here , down below , which i think is very good , and important to remember . mbti are ... hi ! ! ! i'm glad you thought of me :P although i'm nor so sure if i can be to any help . well , first of all , i have to say that in my mind you're already an entp , because it said so at the end of ... well , nah , i didn't think you were being serious anyway ;P lloydy is this person a whiney freak hahaha lmao , seriously , lol ! ! ! ok i see , thanks for explaining ! :) well , for me , asking ; who's your next partner of amusement ? is not the same as calling someone a whore ! i dont think someone should have to like hold back ... but i don't understand how you by mistake call someone a whore ? ? lol staffan thats the name of my dad . ok sorry to the topic : yes ! i do neglect my physical needs at times . normally i have a very strong hunger for example , but when i'm into something it's like ... i'm writing a post in an fun thread on perc :P the funny thing is that everyone writing in this thread is actually doing the same thing ... doh amazon.com : women who love too much (9780671733 414 ): robin norwood : books aoutch ... she's so right it hurts . :'( thank you , you are so clever too ! ! ! lot's of good advices ! for sure , i've been letting this guy take to much of my mind . i'll fix me up now , emotionally speaking . i promise :) i promise . i've ... oh dear , don't worry . i will sort myself out ! i will stop writing about him now . i'm sorry i don't wanna make you sad ! ! ! :) but won't falling in love with someone who wants to fall madly in love with you too be worth more than the heartache you're experiencing now ? ^ i don't believe in that ! ^ i don't believe in ... well if you think he has logically determined that i'm not his type ... i do take your opinion seriously , but in the end it is your opinion , not a matter of fact . but i think you might ... lol , my piece of advice : don't go on dates when you have a crush on someone else ! thank you ! in fact , i did tell him how i feel . and i said i can't go on sleeping with you because i like you too much to have this kind of friends-who-sleep-together-relation . he said he understood ... '