' it just seems a bit arbitrary to me but i could be wrong , i haven't looked into it . i got 80/100 masculine 43/100 feminine 53/100 androgynous , i'm not sure i agree with this test btw . i to believe that x93man is disturbed not by things , but by the views he takes of themx 94 the subjective meanings we give to instances that happened in our life is everything . you can see this ... i can identify with what you write , i myself always get very high ti and fi scores on cognitive functions tests , i value objectivity more than anything else so i'm definitely more on the entp side ... i had tons of lego when i was a kid , i was always super excited to build the set only to take it part in about 30 minuets , and try to see what else i can build from it , and how i can combine it with ... israel is also quite expansive in general , a big part of the budget goes to the army , orthodox jews families of 12 + that don't work , and settlements . just buying a beer at a pub would cost you around ... everything relates . yes i was and you missed out on steak :) jerusalem is much more expensive than it should be , so i don't think i'm going to rent an apartment by myself anytime soon . besides , it's not like the pay is ... lol no , though it was full of orthodox jews and was really annoying . i needed to find a new roommate somewhat quickly , and no one came because of bad location and a bad room , i wasn't going to pay ... i need to evacuate my apartment in the next few hours . it's not in a good place , it looks pretty bad , and i don't have any good memories from here , yet somehow i feel kinda sad never coming back . i was just thinking , we are generally more affected by our perception of reality than reality itself . a 1998 hyundai lantra , not much i know , but i do drive it like there's no tomorrow . yep , these things are really fun , they are sure to make your life a whole lot better . - _ - not all relatable characters need to be good . ofc he was evil and deserved to die from the beginning , but he had qualities that made you identify with him , as a fictional character i'd find the ... my older sister is an intj and it seems like she never liked kids or babies , i honestly thought she will never have kids , but now she has a baby and it seems like she loves her very much ( still hates ... i also enjoyed the presto from the 1st sonata , so different from the violin ( or guitar ) it is great ! yep , you caught me . i'm an ih8u , we are very simple minded people , so we can't possibly understand when someone is joking , i whole heatedly thank you for clearing that out . ih8u is a secret type of ... cool i love the harp ! i feel it could work very well with bach arrangements , unfortunately it doesn't seem popular to do . i play classical guitar , i uploaded a video to the entp videos thread ... you only feel motivated to do something when it becomes impossible . : laughing : i think you're typing people way too much , you don't want to get to the point where you see people through ' type ' glasses instead of who they personally are . what polexiasmallpox u200bsaid is very true , ... o . k i just got to this part - to be honest i don't know your specific situation but from what you've said this sounds very unhealthy . you guys should really talk this through , moving on might ... understanding someone's type can only get you so far , at the end of the day everyone's an individual and any type combination could work well on a personal level . having said that , this - can bring ... possibly :) as long as i'm here i can say one might argue claiming entps are not crazy in an entp forum is basically preaching to the choir btw ... society is stupid , can't argue against that . aaand wrong thread ... there should really be a way to delete posts , at least in the first few minuets ... so i've decided to help making this thread a little more active :) and made me want to contribute . i enjoy seeing other people here playing guitar , and ... i can't talk for anyone else , but i see the world as an intricate web of connections , finding patterns helps you simplify those connections , than you look for patterns of patterns and so forth ... ha that's nice :) where i come from we don't really have that . you could say that in israel the water is green and the grass is yellow :) it's to see what are the first things that come to your mind :) , so far it seems entps are big on open mindedness ( no surprise here ) but i think it's too soon to make any generalizations , i also ... you have a lake near home ? o_o for me , from the top of my head i'd have to say * self awareness * open mindedness * intelligence * talent ( people who are very good at what they do ) * strong will pretty simple , so what are the 5 traits you appreciate most in people ? let's see if we can find entp specific patterns . comment first read other's later , so you're not affected . i don't know why people care so much , your ' type ' success or failure statistics reflect nothing on you , at the end of the day you're an individual . if you want a high paying job , go get it . because we value tradition above anything else . every person is an individual ofc but i usually tend to get along very well with estps . i really don't like happy people ... i eat 2 really small ones because i'm too lazy to make food and i forget most of the time , but don't worry , around every other week or so i eat for 3 people for a few days , so as it is i'm perfectly ... talk about worst help ever wow , i know where not to go now when i need an advice . in defense of all the compassionate entps in this forum , so little backstory can make you sound like an emo ... if for instance you never got any warmth from your parents , were secluded and beat up your entire childhood outside your home , and most of the people you cared about were religious nationalists who ... i think you don't get how depression works . it's like telling an anorectic oh you feel week , why don't you eat something . you have until the end of the month . aaand i just remembered i haven't eaten anything since morning , it's 21:00 here . i go eat now . i make great steak though , and i'll teach you free guitar . sooo ... i'm going to be kicked out of my apartment if i don't find a new roommate by the end of the week , anybody thinking about moving to jerusalem ? lol , i was sure a lawyer , or maybe something in finance . sure pi * e = 8.53973422267 , o . k i have no idea where i'm going with this ... but soon i wouldn't need to know anything because i would be drowning in drugmoney , sweet sweet drugmoney , so there you go . i meant to write wide age demographic but never mind that , seeing as fucking guys is not something i'm too keen on doing at the moment , i'll stick to women in their 20 ' s . i'm off to buy chocolate ... this post is much less pretentious , i'll give you that . and by the way sexual services at a cost of a fancy date is still prostitution i don't see the difference . as i know you're not going to ... are you sure ? because i know some old ass people who believe some pretty stupid shit just because they've heard it enough times . i want to start a religion , so i need to address a wide range ... around venice in the summer :) 208250 jerusalem , israel 17:20 i tend to be attracted to entp-enfp , and chances i'll ever find my self with an sj are very low . '