' we only just met . i don't know what the future has in store for me or her . all i know is that i value and respect her , and would love to be part of her life . i feel like she needs to be in the ... hi ! i haven't been on here for a while . i recently met an older enfj female at a bar - - i've been alternatively typed intj and entj . we started talking , and i found that we have quite a bit in ... i can be a jerk , but i only do so when it is absolutely necessary ... i love depeche mode ! david gahan's voice is quite amazing . i despise dubstep because it has too much mainstream appeal . to my mind , electronic music should always be associated with the ... yeah , that's one aspect of trance music that i really like . sometimes , it can sound both futuristic and pre-historic ... thank you for your response , samhain ! i like bjork , even though i should familiarize myself with more of her stuff . trentemoller is german , right ? lady gaga first appeared on my radar 5 or 6 ... i am curious as to how many pc members are electronic music fans . i'm a certified junkie . i especially like trance . progressive house , breakbeats , and drum n bass are other favorites . i suspect ... you said what i wanted to hear :) i think working as a recruiting executive for nearly six years did the trick ... gandalf _ , i like to think that i'm pretty in tune with other people's emotions . over the last few years , i have worked very hard at becoming more empathetic , and as a result , my dealings with people ... according to my research , entj's are most compatible with enfp's , infp's , entj's and intj's . more than anything , i want a woman who is emotionally balanced , intelligent , hard working , honest , ... guten tag ! which city do you live in ? i have a friend who lives in ghent ... dear female enfj's , what is your favorite mbti type ( s ) to date and why ? from a flabbergasted entj ... was it good ? my situation is the exact opposite of yours . i'm an entj male who is romantically interested in an enfj female friend . i've known her for a little over a year . we talk on the phone a lot , text , ... something by gym class heroes on the radio ... are enfj's known to be indecisive ? good stuff , man ! are you a poet ? i was in the same room as mr . tyson once five years ago at the new york academy of sciences in lower manhattan . i didn't get to introduce myself to him because he was mobbed by a number of ... as a kid , i made three major moves with my family . i anticipate making my fourth major move within the next twelve months , and this time it will be for work ... can enfj's be contradictory also ? for me , routine serves the purpose of giving my life a degree of predictability . as far as changing places and friends is concerned , i've done that three times over the course of my life , and i ... bonjour , alain et bienvenue ! je m'appelle samuel . enchante de faire votre connaissance ! je fais partie de ce forum depuis presqu'un mois . j'habite aux etats-unis , et malheureusement , les casiers ... what does executating mean ? fashion has never really been a problem for me . i grew up with an older sister who loved to spoil me with nice clothes . in my early 20 ' s , i was advised at a clothing store that form-fitting attire ... i can totally relate . if there is one thing i hate , it is when unhappy people seem to just want to dwell on their misfortune and get stuck in a rut . i'm all about rising above and conquering ... i am an entj male , and i can definitely relate to your dad . i have a lady friend who is an enfj female . we have a bit in common ... great spirits have often encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds . albert einstein iloveporno welcome , archip ! i've been a member here for exactly three weeks , so feelings of what it's like to be a newbie are still very fresh in my mind . so far , i've really enjoyed my time here ! come to ... you know that you are an intuitive when , even in the face of extreme stress over an extended period of time , you have yet to succumb to a nervous breakdown ... you know that you are intuitive when ... you think that the god of christianity either suffers from multiple personality disorder or is a seven-headed monster ... i try to stay away from the touristy areas . i'm not one for paying $ 4 for a soda while on disney property ... part of the reason i prefer tampa / st.pete over orlando is that you get true feeling of community out there . also , unlike orlando , a lot of businesses are locally-owned . and most importantly , the ... thanks ! st . petersburg / clearwater is cool . orlando sucks . i'm getting the hell out as soon as possible ... hello , everyone ! i really should have done this about three weeks ago when i first became a member . my real name is samuel ; my friends call me sam . i'm a 30 year-old entj residing in the greater ... based on my research , it appears that a male entj / female enfj combination works best because it is consistent with the societal norm of a man being dominant and the woman being more submissive . i am ... thanks , melaniem ! ! i have a lady friend who is an enfj . she's very smart , beautiful , and loyal . at this point , i'd like to take upgrade the friendship . what are your thoughts ? vanitas i have been talking to a female enfj for the past year or so . she's an attorney with a very busy work and conference schedule . she comes across as somewhat needy emotionally , but i like ... when i first took the myers-briggs personality assessment 8 or 9 years ago while in college , i was labeled an intj . i took the assessment again recently , and it seems that now i am an entj . for a ... does any one out there know what personality type is the best match for an entj male , generally speaking ? hi , everyone ! i'm new to personality cafe , and i think i'm going to like it here ! i am an entj male , and i have the same issues with clingy / needy women . i'm extremely career-focused . for the last ... '