' moving on sucks , i find it helpful to keep active in atleast 2 groups simultaniously so as to not dwell on this when it occurs ( and how it does ) . sophmores in highschool ... i dont know my own reasoning behind this it's amazing how much of the cultural norms you just miss as an introvert . poof , plushwitch's wish is now uncorruptable ... cause she is banned and all posts erased . i wish to score high on my asvab ... off to take the asvab in 20 mins so i dont expect much of a response before i have to leave , but anyone that has taken it before , you have any advice for me ? im looking to score high and go into ... i get confused sometimes with the trade off's between making normal eye contact and the weird silences that follow ( i think im doing it wrong ) , and the distancing power of looking away and trying to ... this is really vague , rehearsed simple decisions ( the modern fps for example ) sure i excell at split second decisions . anything abstract is gonna take awhile though . never die trying , never fixate , never fail obligations to others love me my video games don't procrastinate fleshing out an idea , it will not come to you they day you put pen to paper or start typing . get some night's rests in if possible between brief periods of mulling over a single ... i hide inside myself when the world does not meet my expectations . my perception of the world as merely an observer is something i can control and it will always behave as i expect it to . thats my ... so , my experience with the deaf and blind is near zilch so allow me to ask you this question . so , do you have the other super human senses supposedly to compensate ? i would suppose reading lips and ... plan on getting into one of those military occupations that give you no life skills what so ever . after that , anything that isnt a boring deskjob , clocking in and clocking out durring the same ... hmmm , maybe i am alittle prone to interpretting personal attacks , considering my response to this thread . irony is palpable . if you never say anything wrong , you know it has to be personal attack > . > lost my camera ... how do you lose a camera ? hostile work enviorment you say , hmmm hope i can cope though i wouldnt know myself . plan on joining the army outa highschool , while ive never held a real job otherwise . think i will give this ... poof , you're expelled , your classes are now more intresting to you . i wish i had a job . that sounds beautiful , forget what i was about to say ... ap psych book says females are more likely to fantasize about improbable mates , while males are more likely to think about probable mates . you know what , im starting to see it . thought i was ... i see more of a , we are dieing buts we got each other so its peachy nod in understanding picked up a nasty something after a panic attack ( just getting out of it ) , i never get sick otherwise . nah , shows heart , if you want anything more than that you will have to post in the psychoanalyze the avatar above you thread poof fairy godmothers are real and stopping by your town for the next 10 minutes , but you cant find your butterfly net because you dont have one stupid ( > . > ) . i wish there was more time in the ... hmmm , always had trouble getting along with women , in real life . never could look them in the eyes so i end up staring at their chest ( that doesnt inhibit any sort of good conversation ) where as with ... i would love to particapate , my handwriting looks like shit and i would like for someone to be able to tell why . though i think it comes down to how i hold the pencil and possibly how it requires ... i've been told i mumble , but i have a feeling thats just the easiest excuse you can come to when you don't understand what i am saying . don't get me wrong , i do have some troubles conveying ideas , ... collosus said i was mistyped and it hurt so he crossed me as a meanie lurking on the weaknesses so trustingly posted here . i am happy i was proved wrong . ( he isnt a meanie ) no coward soul is mine , no trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere : i see heaven's glories shine , and faith shines equal , arming me from fear . o god within my breast , almighty , ... omg portal , will entertain you with my thousand plot theories of the game if you wish . pizza rolls , yum self induced exhaustion ( exercise ) is great , really calms the nerves and helps me see the big picture . exhaustion from lack of sleep makes me feel sick , kinda like some of the other people here . candy candy candy i don't dream much durring sleep , i do that durring the day anyway . chronic sleep walker and talker . also i got this weird thing where i can't sleep in rooms with other people , even familiy and ... poof , the publishers clearing house prize patrol you find knocking on your door , asking if you know when neighbor who just won 5000 $ ' s will be home . i wish i could recieve better grades in school . i am the servant to groups of noble cause , just action , and kind spirit this is good stuff my rich inner life involves jumping between a few circles of friends , switching every few months when my old groups pull me back in . to your credit , anyone who goes to this degree to keep a friend , in a fair world , should not be denied that wish . also , in my experience as a social misfit and pariah ( grains of salt ) , a single ... your her friend , you were chosen , that speaks leagues of your own character . don't change and just let who you are reel em back in . i've wondered if i am wasting my childhood with these thoughts . do i really want to look back on these days , and remember how i thought and not what i did ? portal 2 preorder ... * pure joy * with my supportive english teacher , mr.fiene , with no one nearby to notice me addressing him as more than just a drone . but , i dont do it for me , i do it for them xd always enjoy talkative character , can't wait to hear some more gabber . welcome aboard , feel no need to write more than 4 drafts , ussually the idea is so completely lost by the 3rd . nothing you say here is wrong , so write what you fell and stick with it . hop in and start posting , nothing you say can be so wrong it cant be taken back or forgotten . i very much appreciate recieving a thanks while on personality cafe , and last profile , would obsess over this system and systems like it . for example , there was a system of likes that this forum ... idolize them , not really something i can help either . '