' a little cold , yeah . first of all , yes , i was being a bit of a silly enfp . enthusiasm , excitement about meeting a potentially compatible person , which happens hardly ever , etc . secondly , is this ... ummm ... hi intj friends ! it has been awhile ! i dabbled over in isfj land for awhile and it went very poorly ( all attention-seeking and lack of forthrightness and ugh ) . but ... i have identified a ... yeah , given that it's been 2 weeks since i asked to have a conversation and he hasn't done so much as acknowledge my request , i am going with not in at all ( and i have emotionally moved on as well ) . yeah , given that i already told him i was hurt and it has now been over a week without him even responding to my polite request to have a conversation about why something feels off , i think i am just ... thank you for the apology . i am probably a little sensitive about being criticized in any way for not being patient / empathetic with those who really do need more internal processing time than i do , ... so i should ... keep waiting for him to acknowledge my request in some way , because it was inconsiderate of me to not respect his feelings by merely asking if we could have a conversation instead of ... well , thanks for everyone's input , but it apparently is no longer needed ... either i have misidentified his personality , or he's just an emotionally immature a * * hole , because it has now been a ... thanks again for all the input , everyone . we have officially survived the vacation time ( texted varying amounts almost every day ) and have a date planned for friday . woo ! i am still adjusting to ... thank you , that is helpful and reassuring . one of my favorite things in interpersonal interaction is figuring out what makes people tick , drives then , demonstrates love to them , etc , so when someone ... [ this is so long . i am sorry . i tried to be concise , but ... all the feelings ... see tl ;d r at the end ... ] i am a pretty true-blue enfp ( with some j tendencies in work environments ) , including the ... i know i am way behind in answering this , but i have been doing an informal poll of all of my closest friends , and the vast majority are xnfj , with a few esfx in the mix . i know of one ( just one ! ) ... i have frequently been asked what i am drinking / taking when i am stone-cold sober . ( why would i need to be on something to dance on a table at a frat house ? ! ) tiny keys . hehe . as to whether or not i would ever say that to him ... i think had i thought of it right there and then , i would have ( never had trouble being bold and honest with him ! ) , but alas , ... i suppose that is possible , though it was difficult to make that kind of argument because he was unable to clarify / specify exactly * what * in our interaction was lacking , and he himself had already ... i think if our logistics were simpler ( lived in the same city or knew when we would live in the same city ) , i might have said that . but since that is still a complete unknown , it did not seem worth ... we agreed to a clean cut with an open door - for me if i ever need to process further ( doubtful , since it was such an open conversation to begin with ) and for him , if he ever realizes what a terrible ... less spoiled , more ... what's the phrase ... appetite whetted ? ? god help me ... so . i think i need to return my intj decoder ring . the intj and i talked last night . he isn't feeling it ( his words ) , and while he thinks i'm awesome , and enjoys spending time with me , and ... ha ! g_w , i think that actually * is * how i instinctively communicate with him , though i am not 100 % sure now that you say it ... duly noted . as for the silly-storm ... like ... non-chalantly ... he typically tries to ( and does ) , but we have a well-discussed understanding that phone calls should happen when both are available and feeling up to a phone conversation ( neither of us really like ... theredpanda - i would guess that might depend on the enfp in question's value system , but i , personally , would never lie maliciously - in fact , anytime i lie it is because of , at the very least , a ... jeb 713 - i … think so ? we have been playing phone tag for like 3 weeks . i left the country for 9 days in the middle . he called when he thought i might be back ( returning my call from before i ... scene : i am 5 minutes late to something relatively inconsequential what i say : ugh , traffic . missed every light . what really happened : i really needed that song on my ipod and then the itunes ... indeed . g_w let's just say i'm doing my damnedest not to frighten off the intj . ( especially on reviewing that the disastrous relationships of my past were with an enfp , a likely exfj , and an entj … with the ... i have the added challenge of having been raised by an enfp with adhd . so help me god , if i get anywhere within 5 minutes of the prescribed time , i call it a win … ( it is so hard to explain to people ... faaascinating . ( i'd say i'm taking notes , but i'm feeling pretty good after reading that thread ;) ) this made me laugh so hard . one of my friends used to ask , when i said i would be somewhere in __ minutes , if i meant in real time or my time . she had a valid point . ( there are shiny things ... my friends know better than that , heh . i love hosting people - but only my terms and with time for preparation ( for the house and for my emotions ! ) . there are a select group ( maybex 85 5 or 6 ? ) who ... i like to be chased , but only by someone i like . i am unimpressed by grand gestures if i'm not interested ( and i am rarely really that interested ) . even if i * am * interested i am more likely to be ... i think this is related to why i feel like i've won the damn lottery every time the intj breaks out into raucous laughter . ( and i give him the same for excellent wordplay and puns - terrible puns ... the idea is that the person has some time - even just a few moments - to prepare for bad news to come , so that it's a little less of a shock and maybe they won't totally shut down and be able to hear ... fepa ugh . maybe just ... tell him that you hate it when he says that ? and in the future if he needs to talk he should just call you and start talking ? ( in medicine we talk about firing a ... worst four words ever . especially if up until those words there has been nothing to suspect - light , pleasant banter , no fights , no mild disagreements , no warning signs . makes my stomach turn and ... heh . i will not deny my weaknesses , though i will say that i am loyal nearly to a fault and so don't really fit enfp there , which is the nf-descriptor that made my-but-not-my intj a little leery ... that also works on scorpions . for the record . ( i am not afraid of spiders - aside from the large furry kind - so much as i hatesss them . hates them . but not as much as crickets . < heebie ... 1 . definitely know 1 male , maybe 1 female . probably know more ( given that i have a lot of science / engineer / computer science friends ) , but don't know their types . 2 . hard to read ? not terribly , ... hmmm . i really ( really ) like to answer genuine questions about myself , so sometimes if i'm really interested in someone i make a conscious effort to let them talk , ask them questions , etc . , because ... having gone through plenty of iterations of does he like me ? doesn't he like me ? why is he talking about other women if he likes me ? ! panic-crazy-emotional breakdown , sometimes for months ( months ) ... yep , pretty much what ai.tran . 75 said … i can talk to a wall for any length of time , but generally despise small talk ( in a bad mood even chit-chat with a store clerk can make me irritable ) and ... the funny thing about it is that i am not , like , dying to talk to him . it would be nice to talk to him , but i do not desperately miss him or anything . the only reason i start getting anxious after ... jeb 713 - due to some circumstances when we started talking , we didn't text at all in the beginning , and now that that has been established i actually prefer it that way , even if it does mean less ... dear intjs : you are straightforward , and yet you are baffling . ( warning : ne ahead ... ) to confirm a conclusion i have come to - if you like someone , and know they like you ( all bluntly stated , out ... my memory is fairly photographic , but if i didn't snap a picture of the object ... all hope is lost ... only if it has been more than 10 seconds since the item left my hand and i do not put it in a place i usually put it and / or am thinking about something else when i put it there ( see : the time i ... this . it's part of the all-or-nothing thing - i have all these little systems in place re : where things go , keeping things in order , etc , and the system either works perfectly or is completely ... superfluous - don't know if my cheekbones are high or not ... maybe ? my av is actually me , so you be the judge ( if you can see cheekbone well enough ... ) yes . and jeb 713 - i often choose staying in over going out for exactly these reasons . now , if it's forced on me - like i am sick and have to stay in when that isn't what i need emotionally - i ... yup :) sometimes - usually i can tell well enough whether or not i have piqued their interest and can tone it down so that there are as few mixed signals as possible . the trouble is always with the ... '