' now i feel better , you're right it does count , this is why i don't draw boobies on my notepad in public , just to avoid that akward feeling from stares via strangers and the unknown walking masses . i gotta say , those texted boobers are kind of attractive , they're like so plump , and full . is it wrong of me ? well , you got me ... now i feel like a perv ... anyway ... let's see ... something i know , i know that i'm really pressured and feel stuck as soon as someone asks me what i know . an explosion that has one hell of a rough time trying to be contained . congratulations ace face you are a bottle of sex just waiting to be opened and poured out all over everyone's faces . my social skills have devolved 480 notches down the tower of social life . if rapunzel was keeping check , i'd be all the way to the ribbon just before the tail's end of the ponytail was reached . sigh , i remember when i used to win this . when i was a child , i believed shoes were made by hand , and not in a factory . all 120 million of them . i desire twenty , fresh and green - bucks ! together we set out on the blue , how wonderful the sky above was true , how nice the sand below was new . paddling away , and streaking across , how soft this sailing went . through soft wet splash , and ... check me out gettin all modern and shi'z using google chrome , i'mma finally making use of these new 21st century doo-hickies , i am amazed at meself . it's ok , bro , you're still one of us , ain't ya ? i struggle between being a so-called jackass and a clown , or apparently the labels that are besmirched upon me for being way too hyper and doing everything at full throttle . some day , some day ... i do know about that one , but it only works once , for the very last message , and there's no folder for drafts which you may be working on on the side , like if you're in between posting and replying ... i wanna be ridiculous too , how do i sign up ? i need a time machine , where's that crazy doc brown when you need him ... dear perc , i really think that the auto-save feature needs to be more reliable on here . i have many a time spent a long time writing up a message , and by some browser problem , or touchpad problem , ... gees . sorry about that . i confess there's no hole big enough where i can jump to . they could've picked a better animal for thanksgiving , something that would not be so dry and crusty after 4 days of leftovers ... i am concerned that eventually , real old movies and tv shows will look like crap as hd advances even more . wow , i particularly found this fascinating . i love dem diagrams . drinking blood ain't cool , vampires . you're right , i'll use a padded glove next time so it doesn't hurt him as much . oh , and yeah , i know , technically it's cacao . i hate to break it to chocolate , but without sugar , no one would think twice about it . i let them know the other hand i have is for slapping . http://cdn.buzznet.com/assets/users16/raquelreed/default/moviesno-hair-extentions-woah--large-msg-119551642261.jpg yeah , i often think if people would take it as an insult if they went into something agreeing and accepting that it'd only be for two years , they had their fill of each other , and then they go to the ... i'd tell the dumb clutz to avoid the internet for another 10 years , until dial-up was vanished from the land . it'd save me many a night of sleepless , headache inducing , panick-stricken ... the last movie i watched was something with mel gibson , i am unaware of the name of it , but it may be taken or ransom ... or something along those lines , anyway , it was quite bloody , i wouldn't give ... personally , i'd like to see the thread what is the true nature of self ? reality ? go further than the short length it has , but that's just my preference . yeah , that drives me nuts , i especially hate it when my browser comes across a stupid ad on some generic page where i was checking the spelling , and making me lose what i had in mind due to it ... welcome to perc , exquisite bio there , it definitely makes me want to see you around here in action . great , you can just simulate a rather timid dance , no need to get drunk , and then you can pretend like you were holding back and they'll be burning with curiosity to see more of it . i bet your shoulder is lovely . i'm gay , but i don't do much with it . this is beautiful . i admire you so much , in so many ways . congratulations to kaleidoscope you make this world , and this site , a pleasure to be in . you are an icon ! congratulations kayness http://www.cartoonstock.com/lowres/cza0489l.jpg omg frosty has reached 5,000 , that's enough to give a post to each member of a spartan army phenememanonal , congratulations ( you're already a cafe legend in my book ) congratulations cover 3 i feel like i've known you for so long ! congratulations to our resident op / spy / overall gentleman and great poster yardiff bey do you mean that it is another voice other than your regular mind's voice ? oh alright , like those silly bands , special interest pages , companies o groups or such ? that i would understand . thinking about what niccolo is plotting about ... when i was in my love experience / s this was a primary importance to me , i took faithfulness very seriously , and considered that to extend to not finding anyone else attractive in any capacity , to me ... yeah , of course , spent 99 % of my life doing so , i recently gave up on it , but when i thought my fantasy became reality and turned otherwise , i stopped trying to fantasize for good . i'm not one to critique , but this gets to me , what kind of friends do people have that they can't stand or that are annoying to them ? i thought friends were supposed to be people you wanted to be ... hmm , i never put myself past doing anything , except one thing i can think of - go back to school ( high , junior , elementary , or das kindergarten ) '