' jamaia aaahahaaa , i do something like that ! it works great with not getting sucked into stupid arguments , but unfortunately the gloomy infj mystic thing my spouse does ( let's disclaim that i'm sure ... geonerd interestingly i had pretty much the experience you laid out yesterday with my resident infj - - we started with a fight and graduated to a calmer discussion on life , relationships and what is ... i was sometimes unintentionally rude ( social awareness , let's say it took me a while to develop more than the bare minimum ) but also kind of oblivious to others . the bf says it was the same for him - - ... if we're talking fe / ease of emoting in entp women vs men , my vote is on nurture , not so much nature . hormonal craziness is more ... i'm thinking of dealing with hormonal fluctuations of the type ... not the cramps , the sleep deprivation . it turns out i'm not a pleasant person after a few nights of 2h of sleep . but that happens when i'm desperately hangry too , i lose my ability to adult and reset ... that makes three of us then . yep , i can empathise with this . ( look ! i'm empathising on the entp forum ! roll out the choir of angels ! ) i think i'm actually better at the whole emotions , wth are ... i used to not care so much about what happened to me , but my friends and family ? yippii-kay-yea , motherfucker , we're on . but as i age , it's become more evident to myself how fragile human beings are , ... no , we call that a vivid imagination . oh , right , yeah . you said that . idk . there are some exes i drifted apart from , and i do occasionally think about the sex fondly even after all that time ... i think of it as cultivating the next generation of eye candy . my motives are pure as the driven sn ... nevermind . : laughing : the way i see this , you can choose to take the board as a joke that the chairman doesn't get ( and keep your mirth to yourself ) or get out . staying in and fighting a losing battle ... meh , we have ... no . but i'm really good with ok , i love this person but we're not compatible and this isn't going to get better , let's break up . i can love or appreciate people without wanting to be with them ... i want to say that growling is underrated as a communication style . how to win friends and influence people this isn't , but then that's not my concern when i want to avoid socialising . i'd grow it longer on the front and go for a slightly asymmetrical cut . somewhat messy and layered is good . but not overdone emo shit , just a bit less run of the mill than what you have now . and yep , ... the sucking the balls in / not ejaculating thing i've heard of , but the person doing that said it doesn't feel particularly good ... kind of a sneeze instead of an orgasm . do we ever discuss ... http://i.imgur.com/d9Mcy.jpg another species ? are you absolutely sure about that ? anyway , now that you've picked your jaw up from the floor , i'm more or less agreeing with you there . that test was a nice way to spend ten ... new threads are for less annoying people ! derail ! derail ! i'm imagining that said in a dalek voice . kind of like i'm currently envisioning my new substitute german teacher as cartman . ( long story , ... = = results from bdsmtest.org = = 98 % switch 92 % sadist 90 % dominant 87 % rigger 83 % masochist 82 % non-monogamist 80 % degrader 79 % brat 78 % rope bunny aaahahaaa , this looks eerily familiar . eryngo honestly , i'm not sure . i like interdependence after it's been established to a sufficient degree that we're all capable of standing on our own two feet . like , it really rocks my damn boat , ... oh , i think my spouse is useless with some things and impressively good at others . i'm awed by how organised he is when it comes to paperwork and the like ... and yet i'm still baffled by how ... oh , this is good . with regards to intensity , i agree , and would add that it's achievable in several different ways : the ability to be emotionally vulnerable ( can be healthy ) , lack of stability ... dear lord , the world is populated by sjs ! oh , uhm , well . i like splitting work down in the middle and having different spheres of influence and there could be something to the idea of usefulness ... yep to all of this . dating rules are stupid because although you might attract people by playing [ whatever it is that people are recommending , there are plenty of ridiculous ideas out there ] it ... it probably would , but my response to that ( and everything else in this thread probably ) is but balls ! balls ! freud was wrong , there's no penis envy here . ( i'm envisioning cocks as gigantic , ... i had something like this going on for a while . but i'm like twice the age of op and i did get over it . a few thoughts : 1 ) you don't have to be in a relationship or prioritise looking for one ... anyway , i want to do johnny ( har har ) because what he posts here gives me the impression i might've very well chosen to pursue things in a similar fashion had i been born a dude on the other side of ... oh , right , i want to to swap because i'd like the experience of having multiple children without really having to go there . : laughing : being a man sounds like one of those wonderfully vague ... i'm up for a body swap ! but after that i want to go check out what life is like as johnnyyuukon , i've never been a dude before . shitty drag when i was 19 and looked like an underweight choirboy with ... ok , now your dad sounds a slightly stricter version of my mom . : laughing : she's an intj btw - - we relate extremely well on a theoretical level ( we tend to agree on things and differ on how we reason ... what a bunch of happy people ! and the shittiest part is that those who aren't analytical or self reflective enough to break the generational chain of shitty parenting tend to go on to channel their ... aaahahaaa , i feel tempted to do this a lot . i try not to , because it's not often in the history of the world that calm down has worked as intended . so , i found this book , how to talk so kids ... ^ yep . but to look at the other side of the coin , i also meet people who have children for whatever strange reason ( it's expected ? ) and then end up being neglectful , resentful parents who can't be ... more that having children was a low priority to me until i decided to spawn , after which my deck of things-that-matter got reshuffled thoroughly . how this will affect the spawn is often my first ... yeaaap . i don't want to settle , ever . i actually really like the established , comfortable everyday routines i have with my spouse , but we find ways to keep things interesting , often by pranking ... this has been interesting to observe about myself : it's really , really hard for me to stay angry with somebody , or to hate them . there have been a few people over the years , but ... it's not something ... i've been cracking up at this for a good two minutes now . sounds good to me . you're both old enough and , i'd expect , experienced enough that the usual oh lor ' , this is a match made in hell relationship griping written by twentysomethings is unlikely to be ... i got pregnant right before i turned 28 , so 28 . at 26 my stance was euuugh , no and by the time i hit 27 that had shifted to hmm , it could be interesting . it's been interesting . if i could go ... ok , die laughing . i did the test and thought about my relationship with my spouse first ... fully in the secure quadrant with 1.something scores on both axes , anxiety 1.22 and avoidance just below 2 ... oh ! zoe and wash from firefly ! edit : i guess the parents from the cosby show would count , but real life bill cosby ... yeah , totally the poster child for healthy , respectful relationships . just add ... i haven't seen that ! and this might deserve a subthread of its own . can you think of many realistic depictions of functional , enjoyable , long term relationships in movies or series ? i can't . off the ... ditto . ( oh , screw it , i can spend another ten minutes here and respond to this . ) i really like the give and take of a healthy relationship as long as it's voluntary and comes from a place of hey , ... wasn't there something about ingrained reactions ( basically , the way we often relate to our kids when they're tiny has more to do with what we grew up with than what we think we want to do ) in the ... ^ i remember the percentages as being somewhere around the 55 % region for securely attached types . let's google . ok , this gives a ballpark figure of around 60 % , which sounds fair enough to me . idk ... for once i'm very much disagreeing with geonerd . draw a cross on the wall ! : laughing : securely attached here , from a family of securely attached thinkers . ( mom's side . ) i think there's one feeler ... so ... i'm curious , how have your relationships tended to be and what have been your dealbreakers ? desthro kind of . my best breakups ( i should write a cheerful pop song about this , these were good breakups ) were with people i thought were cool as fuck but simply a bad fit for one reason or another ... it was glorious . if my goth phase had more to do with disliking people who take themselves too seriously ... possibly emo wouldn't have been such a great fit . i like the hairstyles though , probably ... ok , i need to analyse this further . sporting a green mohawk and ripped fishnets ( and leatherrr ! ) was less about being true to my authentic self and more about liking the aesthetic and , yep , how ... '