' talk to kids as if they're adults , you'll be surprised by their insight . what i want is a perpetual army of clones that systematically destroy the world by taking over every single key position on earth and then proceed to do nothing about that power until lethargy and ... i couldn't care less about which organ turns people on ( or lack thereof ) , but what does annoy me is people who seem to have their entire entity based upon their sexuality or gender as if they're some ... at first i thought this was about fe dominance in a sexual way , i was so ready to post an extremely hot scenario with a dominant fe-type too . so disappointed . only because i don't show people how intelligent i think i am . most possibly the latter . yes . brilliantly crazy . they probably don't think i know some shit , but that's really only ... i saw a mother breastfeed her child in a bus today , and the people around us looked visibly uncomfortable . it's weird how we're okay with tits being shown everywhere if it's in a sexually charged ... there's a superimposed image in society a black and white system of doing something every time you're involved . the very concept of not doing anything , not getting involved further or just simply ... i keep noticing a common trend of infj / intp partnership , i wonder if we're naturally compatible . my best relationship and worst breakup is an infj without a doubt . i'm forced to be efficient since i put everything aside until the very hour before i need to have finished everything . i was in this huge conveyor belt full of people that were about to get their heads chopped off via guillotine , i remember feeling a sense of either fuck it or ah well before it was my turn . i ... when you can't really tell how something is being said ( facial expressions , gestures , body language all contribute to how something is supposed to be taken when it is said ) you'll either tend to ... eh , my parents basically just let me do my own thing and only intervened when i'm about to fuck something up majorly . alcohol helps in parties , i just have to deal with the embarrassment the next day . i've never had trouble with ballroom , though . too much . yep , i have this terrible congenital disease which renders me allergic to the world , i need to live in a hamster ball to survive . an abandoned cane i found on the school yard when i was in 6th grade is probably the coolest thing i'll ever bring home . i just want to stay awake as long as i can but at the same time i don't want to miss sleep , god i wish we had a few more hours until the earth completes a rotation . personally it was tiring and troublesome . keeping up the chameleon gets really exhausting after a while and she'll be all omg u don show your true self when you're wit me ;( ( ( and i can't just go , ... when an intp finds someone he can talk to at some topic , listen . he doesn't speak about stuff too often , so you might want to listen ( or pretend , it doesn't matter ) . yes , but not so much because of intellectualism rather than unhealthy cynicism mixed with some know-how of how things are ( if that sentence even made any sense ) . for example in a conversation i'm ... them metaphors breh . but srsly . when it comes to minor everyday decisions i just do whatever is most convenient at the moment . if we're talking about the really big decisions , i'll have to mull ... video game writer astrophysicist astronaut software programmer physics professor english teacher journalist writer chef psychologist idiots . only on the best of days , ' specially when i wear tight shirts and they see my 34-27- 33 smokin ' bod . i really can't remember the last time i've been scared by a horror movie , it's always the same startle effect that gets my heart racing for a few seconds , and then it's back to the cheesy cheap ... the last time i got pissed to the point of blind rage was way back in my elementary years , needless to say everyone was shocked when i reached for a knife ( i got bullied in home ec class ) . i'd say ... ladies want me , men want to be me . http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/520/691/c9a.png but srsly . there's some edgy reddit-tier fedora vocabulary going on in that paragraph . http://1.bp.blogspot.com/--5YpYeTOKZw/UZre0Z5BSgI/AAAKnI/nh2_PujoQ8s/s640/pillars_of_creation.jpg the pillars of creation http://www.eso.org/public/archives/images/screen/eso9948f.jpg ... the sports i play apparently aren't considered manly ( let alone considered as sports ) . tennis , cycling and running marathons aren't manly , it seems . ' scuse me while i go do my 10 rep squats . high school , when i joined the newspaper club . i was a sophomore , she was a senior ; she taught me all i know about journalism , writing , public speaking and little tidbits of useful information a ... street cops have the work hazard of getting killed , so ... i'll take the lab please . what goes up must come down , the only difference is that i plan to fall down with elegance and glory . this is why i take hour-long showers and why it takes me almost 5 hours to finally fall asleep . i watch films alone , sometimes i go to restaurants alone , people seem to have a problem when i tell them at i really would just like to sit in a damn movie theater alone ; then the looks follow , the ... i really cannot remember the last time i talked to myself , internal monologue has been the voice in my head for years . check reddit . but srsly . check reddit . personally i think pseudo-intellectuals are those who pursue ( or at least pretend to pursue ) knowledge just for self-gratification on a societal level ... one of my best friends might be an intj . - thinks i'm stupid at times - drags me into his worldview - gets pissed about my nonsensical ideas - every conversation borders on debate i think he ... my all-time favorite movies include artificial intelligence , the sunset limited and eternal sunshine of the spotless mind . 3d women are disgusting , 2d is the way to go . get a husbando . ohai future self , i expect that you check all these things by the time of reopening : __ have a girlfriend __ learn two languages __ get over your crippling social anxiety __ still be of sound ... if we're talking about formal debating , where the debaters have parameters and rules ( in my case i had been the captain of a debate team that primarily follows the asian parliamentary type ) , i'd ... i've only played rome and empire from the series , and while the grand strategy aspect and the rts aspect of the game were good , i just seriously suck at playing the genre , this makes me enjoy it less ... i've begun reading some john green recently via the recommendation of a friend , and i got to the fault in our stars first . the book made me think of the inevitability of my physical death ; but for ... you post a video to insult a person ? i'm sorry but that shows just how lazy you are , maybe not even lazy , maybe you're just too dumb to form an insult by yourself . is it really that hard to unleash ... i like cake and free stuff so i look forward to birthdays . scrabble definitely , i've been trying to improve at chess my whole life but it's really not happening . i think my moves in chess waaay longer than in scrabble . way . fucking . longer . my right leg got caught inside a bike wheel while it was going at about 20 km / ph . the worst emotional pain i felt ? being called a lot of terrible things by a normal person who misinterpreted my ... i'm still in the crossroads between practicing psychology or teaching it in college , given my tendencies of laziness and procrastination , i'm not sure i'd work well as a professor . i rarely read books ( hell i'm not even done with the 4th hitchhiker's book ) , but i can say i've enjoyed the works of douglas adams , carl sagan and george carlin . '