' what ? yes , many medications are prescribed too much , but you're implying adhd doesn't exist and medication can't help . my brother has a variety of neurological issues , severe adhd among them , ... i totally understand you . i'm fine with reading and understanding people's emotions , but i very rarely become personally invested in them . it makes me feel bad that i can't feel bad for other people , ... i could see entj or estj . have you looked into function theory at all for help ? there are really great articles on the cognitive functions forum . i have panic disorder , with associated severe insomnia , and a myriad of kidney problems . but i don't feel like i suffer generally , i have medication that keeps me feeling fine . my biggest complaint ... defined trade . i'm not sure prostitution ( though i've heard that before ) or hunter-gathering qualifies as a trade . i would connect that with , like , a skilled craft ... so i'm inclined to go with ... first of all , chill . you don't need to go into college 100 % sure what you're going to do . i've switched majors , most people do . it's not a big deal . suggestions for you : neuroscience , ... i have terrible insomnia and i am extremely dependent on sleep medication . i have been awake over 48 hours when i have run out . i think it's more of a health thing than a personality thing , though , ... massage therapist . medical or vet technician . i got 45/55 . i kind of rushed though , i probably spent like 5-7 minutes on it . i got kind of bored . frats are only good for the parties they throw ... but it's free beer so i'm not complaining . i'd like to add to the discussion with this clip : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NXQG5_78w9U gtl 4 life . :P for real though , it's largely guido-free here unless you're down the shore , and the guidos are all from staten island and queens . we don't like them either . women should be able to get an abortion under any circumstances ( including late into her pregnancy ) and the government should finance abortions for women who can't afford them . / to follow up on ... my handwriting is awful , but i mostly attribute that to being left-handed . my cursive is legible to no one except myself ( and sometimes even i can't decipher it ) , and many people struggle with my ... alternative rock , classic rock , punk rock , blues rock . so ... rock . :P favorites : the white stripes , cage the elephant , foreigner , the fratellis , the police , rise against , van halen ... i'd ... i'm inconsistent with my competitiveness . i generally only get competitive about a few specific things i know i'm really good at and like to be the best at . if it's anything else i usually don't ... http://oi56.tinypic.com/mts3e8.jpg grainy picture of me i just took . err . i don't relate . i'm just awesome at opening bottles , i guess . i would say my si is reasonably developed , i suppose . but i do have a way of always being right when predicting the outcome of events happening to other people , whereas i get all confused about ... probably < . < or < _ < because i use them gratuitously . forever alone in the northeast . ( a ) would not . ( b ) would not . ( c ) would not . ( d ) would not . ( e ) would not . i have issues with trust . even people i really care about , i often still question their motives . i tend to put myself first , and i tend to expect others to do the same . it's a problem because it ... i've read all of atwood's novels and some of her poetry . handmaid's tale is my favorite book ; alias grace is a close second . i'll add about type and books later , i just saw margaret atwood and ... valid points ( especially about victrola / victoria , wouldn't have thought of that ) , except for this one . i assumed it was pronounced durj , like a funereal song , and i think the average person can ... does enfj not fit for you ? it's what the functions would suggest , anyway . i've identified as an entp for a long time but i've always been hung up on my pretty considerable preference for ti or ne . the only thing keeping me from jumping on the intp boat is that i just don't ... my first guess is isfj , mostly because i associate them so closely with the idea of work ethic geared toward family , which sounds like is important to you . the other functions fall into place to : ... kind of depends on your branding plan / target audience . victrola sounds kind of feminine and upscale while dirge sounds more dark and punk . but i liked those two for the music references , and ... i believe that the lord god created the universe ... i believe that he sent his only son to die for my sins ... and i believe that ancient jews built boats and sailed to america ... i am a mormon and a ... bad table manners . bad manners in general . arrogance . math . people who smile too much . totally spontaneous questions about the nature of the universe probably freak the vast majority of people out . i'd probably be like um wut ? as well . anyway i don't think it's necessarily weird ... honestly , i'm a lot more likely to make myself guilty than someone else . if somebody tries to guilt me about something i tend to just get annoyed at them , usually . generally i can back up most of the ... uhh no , it's not something i ever worry about . honestly i'd probably be kind of flattered if i were being stalked , in addition to creeped out . yeah , their perfection contrasts the enormously screwed up adult world presented in the books . the untitled series makes me so happy . i love curious incident ! :D if you can get a certificate in professional writing , technical writing , grant writing or something like that , there are actually a decent number of opportunities . i would say there's not much you ... slightly unrelated : doesn't studying for the sats compromise the integrity of the test if it's supposed to be measuring aptitude ? i dunno , i didn't study for them . :P i did use them to study for ... i really like dystopian novels . the handmaid's tale , 1984 , brave new world , a clockwork orange , etc . bleak visions of the future are just cool to me i guess . :P i like assessing the plausibility of ... i find all this really really interesting to read . i guess it really is in the eye of the beholder . i too have been told that i seem argumentative when i didn't mean to come across that way , but ... yeah , i'm really inconsistent . some days i feel cuddly and affectionate and some days i hate everyone . but i would say i'm more affectionate in private . pda is not my thing . i think my fe ... why does every type feel persecuted ? nobody's walking all over anyone . people are entitled to their opinions , and unless they're blatantly attacking you personally then don't read too far into ... he probably doesn't scare as easily as you would think . don't stress yourself out about it ; the more upfront about it you are , the more he will appreciate it . i usually need a physical means of venting my anger , particularly ripping up paper . or writing in my journal , being sure to write in all capital letters and use gratuitous expletives . otherwise i ... to me , debating implies a competitive component , where the goal is for one person to be right and prove the other person wrong . this doesn't really interest me . i'd much rather have a non-competitive ... it is interesting to see that all these entps like introverts . i have a soft spot for introverted feelers . isfps and infps . <3 hi ! welcome to perc ! :D don't be too shy . i'm sure you have a lot to bring to the conversation . here's a penguin cupcake . ... i have a ferret at home , which i guess is very p-ish . but i want a cat . i would associate dogs with extroverts and cats with introverts . but i'm totally a cat person . so i dunno . i criticize you for being from new zealand . that's totally a valid basis for criticism . i got my navel pierced today and i love it . :) '