' i appreciate the beauty of math , but the more complicated forms are really above my head . i struggle with math unless i'm actively learning about it in , say , a class . i call it my negativity machine because it feels like a cold , black-as-soot thing that constantly churns away . the winter months make it stronger , but i think i am getting better at fighting it . i ... i've been called cute or adorable by quite a few folks , many of them i trust to be totally honest with me . i gotta say though it's a bit bemusing but nice to hear a compliment . after actually reading things written by infps my reaction was holy cow , they are so much like me ... it's neat and kind of freaky ! motoko kusanagi , no question . she is a clever , strong badass ! what's not to love about her ? i related to some of luna's craziness , but i also closely relate to ron . i can totally see myself with his oh what have we gotten ourselves into now look on my face . hmm can i say a bit of all three ? :P honestly , the infjs i am friends with are very caring , but can be annoying ( usually to pester me for their own amusement ) or harshly judgmental when someone ... as a child i admired strong , outgoing characters . though to be honest with myself i am most like the quiet , caring characters who open up around friends . i call them support characters . fuzzy brain , worried . i sometimes worry i am manipulating people . i often think about doing so , but i don't think i do it . of course , there is quite a bit of doubt there , so maybe i do manipulate people . do you think you do it as a reaction to stress ? i catch myself after i make little inconsequential lies . it really pisses me off that i do it . a few close friends often warn me i am paranoid , but i tend to call it worrying too much or worrying about the worst possible scenario happening but whatever you call it ... it's the paranoia of ... i strongly suspect the vast majority of humanity have to wear masks when out in public or interacting in normal social ways . some people are comfortable with this , while some are not . i admit i ... * hugs * don't beat yourself up , ok ? ~ ~ ~ f'in a , i have no idea why she isn't still pissed at me . as odd as it sounds , i wish she was angry at me , it would make this a lot easier . a few of my friends have noted my personality and attitude changes somewhat when i move from one circle of friends ( say , my gaming friends ) to another ( say , my costuming friends ) . i don't find it too ... i don't think i test my relationships with people . in fact , i go out of my way to not offend people and make sure we are cool . this can lead to problems , though . i do admit i tend to slowly ... i tend to like comedians that are atypical : funny life stories are okay , but comedians like mitch hedberg and demitri martin are my favorite . i am not sure if a certain kind of humor is tired to a ... i've found it easier to use we when writing or speaking to refer to a general group that i consider myself a part of ... but this is a very interesting question and i must think on it some more . so , i'd like to pose a question : if many of us get pretty angry sometimes due to frustration or what-have you , what can we do to make sure our anger doesn't hurt others in a negative way flaws is a pretty subjective term , but i guess i would say i love being around people who are odd or have quirks . mind you , some kinds of quirks bother me , but i find others endearing or people ... wow hey , i do that too ! for example , i'll explain what i am currently doing ( like , say , cooking a dish ) as if i am teaching a class . of course , this also have a negative side-effect : i sometimes ... well , i got it to stop . thanks all . i second this idea ! i've gone weeks where my sleep cycle is ruined by thinking too much ! i usually ponder the problems of the world , though recently i have managed to trick my brain into thinking ... i don't want to receive e-mail notifications at all , yet i keep on receiving notifications about threads i've subscribed to . i have made several attempts on my options control panel to stop all ... i feel like the nfs in general are a lot more likely to hug and such . being an nf myself i really appreciate it . however , i think personal history and disposition also play a big factor . as does ... see , everyone has positive traits , and a good sense of humor and an ability to laugh at yourself are hugely important . i like laughing at awkward moments too , i think a lot of nfs do . but to add ... i am pretty close to the p / j line myself , and while it was annoying to get different answers if i took an mbti test one day or another , i learned to be comfortable with my not-totally-solid ... * chuckles * i must admit i don't talk about this because it makes me feel kinda crazy . but eh , all the cool people have quirks ! ha , now in my mind's eye i see a bunch of prime numbers wearing ... i dropped out of college , mostly because i felt adrift in my life at the time . now i have a few careers that really interest me , and most require me to go back to school . however , the financial side ... i'll throw in my two cents here : both of the infjs i know are members of the lgbt community , and pretty open about it too . of course , my sample might be biased since i'm a member of the lgbt ... if i've met nfs who are spiritual , they didn't strike me as similar to me ( infp ) . mind you , i find ufo stories and the like to be very amusing and fun , but it worries me when people take such things ... i'll have bouts where i find myself terrified of death , but i now suspect it's actually a fear of living an unfulfilled life . i don't know whether or not there is an afterlife , and this frustrates my ... i think i have a problem seeing both sides on issues i feel really passionate about , but on issues that interest me in a more academic way i can easily understand both sides , or feel like a ... that's interesting true , i honestly thought female and male infps would be about as common . and i suspect we think there are more extroverts out there ... simply because they tend to be pretty ... the ability to get along / work well with others can either be learned or innate , but as near as i can tell my two infj friends make a considerate effort to respect and help those around them , but they ... a blessing for interpersonal relationships , but a curse as it leads to some serious frustration when we can't change the world . well ... if it's any consolation i've found it easier and easier to move each time i do . i also use it as a time to get rid of clutter , which always improves my mood . oh , and get as much help as ... thank you all for such a warm welcome ! : laughing : do you make your own costumes ? what do you like to read ? favorite games ? ever play tabletop rpgs ? i am starting to make my own ... i am curious , why do you feel like it's more difficult for male infps ? is it because in american / western society men are expected to be take charge people ? what types do you think don't have to ... well random i must say the reality checks in your post sound damn familiar ! they are the critiques i hear from authority figures , and from the negative part of myself . i do feel immensely ... i am definitely much more physically affectionate with those i consider my adopted family / very close friends . i cuddle whenever we feel like it , which is pretty often . on the other hand , i ... i always assumed big changes were stressful for nearly everyone . that being said , i say there is a 66 % chance i'll feel immense relief after completing some big , stressful change . i love small , ... not to worry mog , i do the same thing , though usually when no one else is around ... : tongue : now , confession time for me ! i've kept this a secret because it strikes me as so utterly strange . i ... nice to see so many others enjoying exploration games . shadow of the colossus is the most obvious one , but i also really enjoy ( ed ) world of warcraft , fallout 3 , knights of the old republic , and sly ... i definitely feel two distinct kinds of wanderlust . when stressed i often desire to get away , instead of solving all the problems before me . more than once i've come home after a too-stressful week ... * chuckles * infps = book-sniffers anonymous , apparently . i must say i often used to feel like i needed to change drastically to be happy , but i can say with confidence now i like myself ... i like ... i am the one who thinks of entire worlds while sitting on the train . i am the one who yearns for a creative partner . i am the one who gets so passionate with righteous anger i sometimes scare ... i share these traits / reactions . when i become angry it usually goes one of two ways . i'm not always in control of my anger , but i am getting better . the first way it winds up is i turn my anger ... i find the prospect of someone letting me play with their hair to be attractive / nice . if i compliment someone and they smile and blush a bit , i want to give them a hug for being so adorable . ... * waves * hello to you all ! per my friend's suggestion , i came here seeking people with similar personality types and interests . ( dunno if she is a member here , though ... ) i'm pretty sure i'm an ... '