' sorry , what was the point of your comment ? yeah . when you have a similar auxiliary , those two can be confused . fo . hey guys , ... anyone dated another entj ? i just realized the guy i've been interested in for a year is an entj . we're not together yet but things are progressing that way . i'm just curious . we ... i hear a lot about how it's hard to get an enfj into a relationship . can someone explain this to me ? is it because you have high standards and don't click with people easily ? or you want everything ? ... hi maisie 7 , i've dealt with this with the enfj i'm interested in . he seems to just be really nervous about screwing things up . i've just taken things slow , shown that i'm interested , and let him ... thanks again . he somehow didn't get my text . he responded immediately the next day when i texted again . he seems a little busy and i am too so right now it's not a big deal . we're keeping in ... is it ? i don't understand . does it take a while for y'all to commit ? i mean , once i know i'm all in . i've known for about 11 months . i called him on wednesday and told him i was moving for sure and ... thanks , hgy . i've known him for a year . we've been talking often . he just seemed to rush into talks about me moving there and asking me questions on how i see marriage and whatever . we're not ... so , i'm currently seeing an enfj . he's been overseas for half of the year and is due back soon . i'm curious , what is necessary for an enfj to commit ? we haven't seen each other in a little over 6 ... i think a lot of times we sit here on this forum and think we know how people think . i'm guilty of this too . we think we know someone's morals through some sort of description someone else gives and ... absolutely . thank you for that . i completely agree . fortunately , i keep busy enough that i don't think of him always . hopefully i'll talk to him when he gets home next week . ... seriously ? he lives 1000 miles away from me . that's not the kind of person he is . i know that it's not . wow . now you're just projecting . thank you everyone . i'll deal with this . i don't know . taking me home to meet his family and asking me to move to another state after telling me he doesn't do long distance relationships seems pretty telling to me . not to mention making ... okay . i'm at this point thoroughly convinced he is very very interested in me . but , it's just not good timing which is why he constantly checks in on me and asks for updates and tells me his plans . ... oh for fuck's sake . any enfj want to confirm this ? it sounds pretty spot on . in which case , i absolutely will freak out on him . i'm thisclose to just losing it . i feel like he's using me as a ... no i javent told him yet . but , can i be that direct ? the last time i told him what i thought about him he responded surprised but then didn't contact me for a week . it's like he forgets about me ... i'm having a problem with an enfj who i am interested in . he pursued me and has shown interest in me for about 6 months now . yet , i see him playing hot and cold . he perceives my straight forward ... oy vey . what the hell does that mean ? when am i moving ? ? what's with the winky ? i guess my question is this to all the enfjs who have helped with this thus far : what's with the hot and cold ? am ... so what reason would there be to ask for an update ? he asked when i was moving . again . then told me to let him know how it goes . also , he had phone problems and i offered to help him 1 . figure ... okay . so when you guys go let me know how it goes and want to keep up to date with someone , what does this really mean ? ? do you care a lot about that person that you'd want them to update you ? so at what point do you decide that is time to tell someone how you feel about them ? are you ever comfortable about it ? are you guys not very in tune with your feelings ? i thought this cognitive function was the dominate one . i guess it's hard to explain over the internet . he has been keeping up with me over 3 months asking me when i'm moving to another state ( we're in different states ) . over those 3 months we kept up ... :/ what do i do now ? also , he just flew to another country on thursday . he didn't text me all week and didn't tell me anything about leaving . i knew his plans to leave . i did not know he was ... do you ever get intimidated out of pursuing a relationship ? are you pretty indecisive about your feelings ? what happens if someone else expresses feelings to you about you ? is avoidance a normal reaction ? i'm wondering what a general reaction would be . so i told this enfj that he was my favorite person . then after he asked why 10 seconds later i said you listen well though i talk a lot . and give good advice . i think you're funny . a little dorky ... i know you guy probably have a very close small circle of friends but , if you're seeing someone or like someone a lot , do you talk about them at all ? like share thoughts or anything ? who do you ... he seems completely clueless about girls liking him . and he is pretty caring . i'm in a situation with this guy who keeps asking me to have an affair and he's pretty upset with it . texting in caps ... entjs , i've noticed that i have this tendency to share a bunch of information with people about my day or situations that are going on in my life . i do this to make people feel connected to me or ... sounds like he's interested in being friends and maybe starting something but then changes his mind . and that's what you may be picking up . yeah . so far it's like calling myself and talking for hours . i feel like i can already trust him and we don't really have any quiet pauses . we think the same things about people and can make each ... entj and entj relationship ? is this a good idea ? i'm hoping it doesn't get boring or predictable . though , even then , people in general are different regardless of cognitive processing . what do ... actually , he called me last night and told me he's not quite sure what he's going to do once he returns . he said he's not thinking too much about it because he doesn't need to do anything for about 9 ... i can tell the difference between an enfp and enfj . he's absolutely without a doubt an enfj . super obsessively clean , extremely organized , very perceptive of others feelings to the point that he'll ... he's worth it . i've never had so much peace about someone . i know we'll get married . i just wish he was better at communicating . and more logical . this is all about it feel like going and i'm like ... i think you need to re-read everything i've typed on the last couple of pages . obsessed and needy is the last thing i want from him . he was like that at the beginning and it freaked me out a bit . all ... i don't feel like he's jerking me around . i feel like he doesn't know how to have his cake and eat it too . unfortunately it's in both situations . what he's gagging is that i'm going to just hang ... the enfj i know did this a couple of weeks ago . he stopped talking to me . granted he's in another state but i know enfjs pretty well . i'm surrounded by them . i just knew he needed to work it out . so ... i get that . he's not the center of my world nor will he ever be . and vis versa . but , it's never good to have a relationship inside your head . no matter what . he'll leave for 7 months . i may or may ... anyone else besides kc on here have an opinion ? thank you kc but it's nice to have a variety . the enfj i'm interested in mentioned marriage , raising kids , future plans the first time we hung out ... do you share important life events or your feelings with anyone ? how open are you ? thanks kc . any other opinions ? any doors . i can't edit on my phone . we had plans before we met . i've encouraged him to stick to them . if he wants to travel i think he should . i ended up quitting my job and he is going to quit his also . he lives in city a and i'm ... our conversations are like this : what's going on ? oh i'm glad those are your plans . these are mine . our future plans match . i'll see you when you move here . it'll be good to have you in town ... yeah , i'm wondering how to identify between friendly and an enfj liking get you . at what point would someone know that an enfj is interested more ? so i posted something on social media on monday about how sometimes the timing has to be just right for things to happen and he texted me right away asking what was going on . i told him i'd tell him ... i know it's not too late . he just never told me what he wanted . is the liking my posts stuff just to let me know he's still around or interested ? ? i'm not exactly sure what to do next . '