' orange beach wants to pay to bring drug testing back to gulf shores high | al.com tourist thank you all very much . when / if this plan is put into motion ... hello again perc , long time no see . at my high school they have recently unveiled a new plot to conduct a schoolwide , biweekly to drug test every student who attends the school . afaik , i thought ... ever since i started to become a little addicted to l4d i've started to wonder about the personality types of the cast of both of the games . so , here goes : francis : istp bill : entj louis : ... oh god , i remember every single one of my dreams . they are pretty down to earth most of time , but i think they have hidden meanings . they are weird as hell to , just ask indyannajoan , she's ... edit : shit , accidental double post well , i like to see life as a game . it's all about success and humiliation , embarrassment , losing fights , gossip , drama , and events . it's an se thing . yeaaa . i can also see how people fear us . we are a very powerful personality type , and we tend to stick out like a sore thumb in crowds . and yes , even though i am an estp , i often do envy other ... but i didn't ... : cool : so in my physical science class in school , we have this weird teacher ( most likely an intp :P ) , and during labs , her class is torture , she sucks at giving instructions , and she gets flustered when ... mbti tests are a good starting point , but it's up to you to decide from there . moral of the story : there are some creepy ass mofos on the internet . i'm trying to see if i can find any correlation between the 8 letters and stubbornness . - he is a male - extremely impulsive , self declared kleptomaniac ( which i believe is true ) - loves to be high / drunk , but doesn't mind being sober - gets in trouble often , last week he was ... i think jake is an intp only because he is lazy . i think the ability to lie very well comes from either se or ti , i could be wrong . i know several peoples who's families are all in the sp temperament . so this lead me to asking the question : do sp's run in families ? does anyone here have sp families ? the indecisiveness comes from the n , not the j / p , a common misconception . i can't decide for myself if you are a j or p , but everyone else so far thinks you're a j . i'm sure of the infx though . i can relate with 2 , 3 , 4 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 10 ( but i smoke too ) , and somewhat 11 . i'm thinking he's either esfp or estp , but i'm pretty sure it's esfp . i speak very loudly . it's hard for me to be quiet . not to mention my voice is very deep , one of the deepest in my choir class . i wish i had a little more range though . my computer is fucked over from malware . here's some of the symptoms - computer randomly shutting down - volume will randomly change itself ( especially annoying when i'm playing a game ) - ... yep , i've been in infj mode before . it's not fun . i'm quiet as hell , very aggressive , paranoid , always assuming the worst about every situation , thinking everyone is out to get me . this happened ... mom - entj dad - isfp me - estp sister - intp brother - esxp ( too young to determine t / f ) i think this guys on the right track . here's a screenshot of all the dumbfucks ... http://img189.imageshack.us/img189/2323/unledmeb.png my friend shared this image on facebook , thinking that this ( fake ) photo is religious or something . all her dumbass friends think it is too . little do they know , it's actually goatse in the sky ! ... there's the n ... :D yep , even you thought you were an estp :P shame you had to leave us . i'm almost 100 % percent sure stan is an introvert . you know how much time he spends alone ? there is several episodes that express this characteristic of his . there is even one where he realizes he ... simply from your style of writing , i can surely guess that your exxp . and that fact that you forget things and lose things is n thing , not a p thing . but with all the descriptions you gave us , i'm ... i think it has to do with the enneagram type really , like adrenaline said . even a 7w8 can be manipulative . however i do disagree with whoever said estp's don't prey on the weak and gullible . ... i'm thinkin estp . i'm the exact same way in school . i have a few istp friends and i noticed they hardly like to draw attention to themselves , they barely even talk , lol . it's relatively easy to ... and of course paragon is offended again . noone else seems to be complaining . i thought you blocked me anyways . i would like to know how this is sexist , too . so in credit recovery ( computer class you take if you fail a class so you can retake it ) this ugly ass looking girl took my computer instead of taking hers , when i noticed mine was missing i ... yea , i'm very paranoid sometimes , however i am always anxious . like fizz said it probably has to do with ni . meh , i don't mind wasting time . one of my weaknesses tbh . - should it be legalized ? hell to the yes . - what do you like or dislike about it ? i just love the feeling and the act of smoking . - funny stories associated with smoking it ? i'm only socially anxious in certain situations . especially when my paranoia kicks in . i can be very paranoid sometimes . i've been inactive for awhile , and now i am attempting to make a return . : cool : i'll try to post as much as i can now . liminality if she has no problem with / with others knowing the first three , i would say istj , if her jokes are more ' loud ' / direct / blunt / possibly a little cruel / harsh in their directness . how does ... that's a pretty useless degree unless you wanna become a teacher . not really a fanboy of halo , but people have always given me shit for liking halo more than call of duty . i do love halo though . i just think call of duty is incredibly overrated and there's really ... it isn't to me . i enjoy deep and abstract thoughts . i wanna get in on this shit but i don't think i'm cool enough : crying : i think it may have something to do with me being left handed ( right brained ) . since right brainers think subjectively and intuitively . i've always been somewhat intuitive . but i am also a very ... is there any exceptions to this ? my fe is very developed and i am gonna be sixteen soon . my top 4 functions that i used ( in order ) were se , si , fe , ti . se and si were very close , so was fe and ti . as for the fe thing ... a well developed and mature estp is much more considerate of other peoples feelings . they dislike inconvenience for other people . estp's with well developed fe also defend ... estp + isfj = relation of supervision , where the isfj was the supervisor , and the estp ( me ) was the supervisee . i honestly don't get socionics at all . i've fixed my other computer ( the one that just stopped working ) , i found out you can reformat the disc during startup . and the other computer , well , got all the drivers , and it crashes waaay ... only one i can really think about is calvin from calvin and hobbes . is estp + isfj generally a good match when it comes to relationships ? has any estp dated an isfj before ? could you tell me how it went ? lol , is that a joke ? can't tell : tongue : '