' when people look at you and automatically judge that you smoke pot hahaha how're my favourite people doing :D people do know i'm there , but generally not in the convo . :P it's just a mood swing mate . you'll get back the feels soon enough . :D nailed it man . xd angelo music as promised heh :p https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0EygqL--RW4 - bruce lee remix https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wTP2RUD_cL0 - money for nothing ( dire straits ) is it just me or being in love is both easy and confusing for all isfps ? ? calvin : mom , am i gifted child ? ? mom : i certainly wouldn't have paid for you wow ! weeks ? ? that must be so wierd to experience man ! wooo nice watch man : o i keep time looking at the sun . it's not perfect but close enough . if you need precise time , hey i got a cell phone too xd procrastination heh . :p but i will eventually :D cheers dora . :) i menat it like experience the experience and then fly away once its experienced . i think it's more on the lines of , we have a good sense of art . like we know which colour goes better with which in general or which note sounds good in a piece . i think that's what they mean by ... dora closure is a bitch isn't it ? it's like the end of the movie inception ... was all that just a dream ? the last statement is pretty close to what i feel when there is no closure . heh . but you ... my kinda a person ^ :D yay ! let's partayyy ! then you agree that the old testament was insufficient ? doesn't the bible say an eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth ? or is it the old testament ? whatever either points to the same . also god sends a plague on the pharaoh and his household because ... don't mean to intrude ... but yeah religion is creepy as shiz . well , let's make one thing clear . i am an atheist . so i do not have a belief system . if i see it , if i can verify it . i believe it . if ... just visited the enfp forum . they talk deep . oml . deeper than the empire state building heyy rainbow poopers are us isfps . we just do it in private though . any type ? ? yay ! well , i'm gonna talk about unicorns . we all are unicorns . just tape a carrot on your forehead . heh xd nah man , wow , this thread is so full of serious things . beyond me xd i want somee hmmm amen ;) i don't mac a lot . too costly : e . i won't use that level of quality so why use it ? also mac is incompatible with a lot of things and i don't like apple when they starting pooping phones every 10 ... train simulator anyone ? yeah , i like that game you know you are an isfp when someone is telling you something very philosophical , and you honestly don't give a flying fuck . but acknowledge anyways . dannng xd nice music the red spirit nice music angelo . uggh now i feel obliged to post links too . : e i will in an hour or two . hey just curious . what songs are you guys into ? bob dylan , joni mitchel , zeppelin , doors , rainbow , status quo for me :D what songs for you ? on a good day ? a bad day and regular day ? the red spirit what a tough read heh . xd but yeah . it sounds a lot like welsh or armenian ... yeah . it sounds close to what the armenians say : o : o i'm not russian . :p or luthian hah ! umm hi , i don't where to go , so here about an year ago this date 07dec2015 ... i met a lady , called mackenzie . we dated ... did umm things together ... for the first time , for both of us . it ... what red said ^ i'm gonna get myself to do this lolll . i'll post one soon enough : e i find the constant nagging of intps extremely irritating . i'm like i didn't ask for your opinion mate . so please shut the fudge up . they take it as their duty to cure the world . man the world ... what about pooh bear ? : e . pooh's awesome . when you hate arguments so much that you shut up and listen when one starts . but still do whatever you were gonna do anyways . :D why thank you ! dude i don't want to be the last poster in this page man . it feels awkward : e yay ! well i just want my cake :D and a bit ' o whiskey if it can be arranged xd lack of faith xd in ourselves and others . : e sounds rad . logic ? bahh better just go with the flow you know ? maybe i won't be successful as my intp dad says but whatever man . i've done what felt right at that time and it's going well so far . is it just ... haaah ! good one xd haaah ! too right mate xd . procrastination and random priorities that's a lot like me . cheers ! hey umm what's this ' event reminders button ' on my profile ? are there events arranged here ? how do we access them ? '