' it's not the easiest . i make up excuses since saying i don't feel like hanging out because of stress or feeling bad leads to questions i don't want to answer . : tongue : i figure a fair amount of my ... te is a fabulous function . i wish i used it more / effectively . i dropped out of school , let my social life die , and didn't really do much other than sit on the couch and watch tv . i was also ... i have a hard time telling my negative emotions apart sometimes . usually feeling like quitting and withdrawing is a good indicator . i used to not do anything about my stress , just let it consume ... i can't do it consistently , but on days i need to be awake earlier than usual , i don't sleep . i like myself better when sleep-deprived . less self-conscious and everything's amusing . : tongue : thanks for responses guys , i'll keep them all in mind . she's been talking to me like nothing's happened after i apologized so i'm going to assume things are alright for now and just let it go . adverseaffects her problem is that i make her feel bad . i've expressed that this isn't my intent and altered my behavior to avoid that , but it doesn't seem to be enough . if anything , my relenting ... i have an unhealthy infp ( ex ? ) friend . we used to be tight friends until just recently . her main complaints about me are that i joke too much and criticize her , often comparing me to another person ... how have you decided that the op messed her up or is even the cause of her emotional instability ? how can you decide that he's treated her without decency ? you're hurling a tremendous amount of ... nope . maybe it comes off as callous here , but it's based on experience . i'm sure his ego is getting on just fine without my rubbin ' , even despite all your personal attacks against him . the insane ... i figured she didn't have a life outside of you guys . the problems she had were all connected to her losing herself . no personal life -> obsessing about relationship -> no independence -> constant ... i was waiting for my thanks . : wink : what's her personal life like outside of the relationship ? to summarize pretty much everything : i have no idea what i'm doing or what is going on . this will be the death of me . : confused : it wasn't meant to be a hey look at how shitty my infp girlfriend is topic at all . obviously the op sees value in trying to mend the relationship or he wouldn't have tried ... infps are challenging to be with and require tons of patience , in my experience . it's difficult because i feel like if you bring any of this up with her , she'll just shut down and things will get ... i wish i could age to 21 , then stop aging and live forever . get to know tons of people , explore everything and everywhere , study all the subjects i've always wanted to study , practice the hobbies ... i've had a couple infp friends and , if anything , i felt more disconnected with them than my friends of other types . that said , i never feel completely disconnected . there are similarities and ... no energy for anything . i'm surprised i made it this far without shirking ( m ) any of my responsibilities or dropping out of school . november is the perennial thorn in my side . no , guys , really , it's totally cool that you always talk parties up months in advance being all hey yeah this'll be great , you better be there then never get back to me when they happen . :d ry : words , primarily . expressing how a person makes me feel is important to me . i feel like it's the most direct way of letting them know my love for them . :p roud : this is huge for me . infps ... now . being alone is pretty lame . losing hope is really lame . ha . disappointing response , but not unanticipated . thank you for your input . one last thing : in general , who ended the relationship first ? i was thinking that after taking a function analysis test . i'd want to be proficient in using all the main cognitive functions . : tongue : as for a specific type , entps are pretty boss . i'd also ... 1114 page venting thread . oh , infps . : tongue : recently got to know this really neat entp a few states away who unfortunately has a pretty unstable lifestyle . we've known of each other for a long ... an hour or two ago . stress + the right music + sad goodbye = bawlin ' . feeling a bit better now , though still not sure how to sort out my emotions over this situation . been there . : sad : is it ... johngalt what a thorough , flattering reply . :p roud : since you have experience in dating infps , what have been some difficulties you encountered in those relationships ? don't mean to thread-jack , but seems like there's some off-topic business going on anyway . : tongue : in what ways would the advice here be different if the female is infp instead of infj ? and ... i fight tooth and nail for the people i care about having in my life . lots of chances , lots of compromise . they need to have really messed up for me to think it necessary to kick them out of my life ... my best friend throughout all of my childhood is an estp . there's a kind of mutual attraction and i could see us dating - - but , man , our friendship is pure gold . we do fun stuff together and talk ... the only thing i'm expressive with is humor . over-the-top reactions and exaggerations everywhere . otherwise , super-serious face all day everyday ( if you don't count the involuntary polite smile that ... there've been many occasions where i've wanted to just hit someone more than anything , but i never do . i empathize with my enemies too much to actually hurt them and content myself with daydreaming ... i've noticed that i do this all the time , even if i'm just walking with one person . the reasons i've found for my persistent tendency to lag behind : 1 . i wander aimlessly . i let the other lead in ... oh whoa . i would've killed something had that happened to me . : angry : on topic , i sometimes feel that way . i usually write when i do . the feeling i'm ignoring / suppressing comes out in my ... i * acted * like a good girl , if that counts for anything . : wink : the same either way . : tongue : i'm bad at communicating my feelings . if i like someone , it usually comes across that i hate them . i avoid them at all costs . the only difference is that eventually ... i cry easily , but i'm not easily made sad . if i see a touching moment on tv , even if i have no idea what's going on , i can cry . i experience emotion pretty easily , but it's a fleeting experience ... i used to be that way . actually , it wasn't until sometime last fall that i really changed my eating habits . i can't say how it started . gradually , i just stopped eating ( not completely , of ... awkward silence . the entire time . mark my words . : tongue : i'm up in northern indiana , though , so i unfortunately can't contribute to the awkwardness . y'all have fun without me . http://badges.mypersonality.info/badge/0/20/201354.png :p roud : ^ - - this here's the most important part . when we take offense to something , we do it automatically . it's like a reflex . in my case , i end up looking back on the times i got offended and thinking , ... my humor fell flat . this is depressing . : crying : hey , don't be gossiping about us in other peoples ' forums . : tongue : they can mosey on over and take a look at the atrocities themselves . ( if they dare . ) stuffed animals are cute , but they don't stay with me unless they have some kind of special meaning to them . i currently only have two : a bear my friend sent me for valentine's day , and a ratty old ... i wonder where plain old ' content ' falls on this . i'm comfortable and enjoying life , but not like man i'm so goddamn happy . i'll put 7 , i think . :p roud : i wanted to comment on this . ' cause i really agree . i can't say much for other people , but for me , the library is one of the only places that i'd enjoy a conversation with a stranger . it's usually ... i used to have this problem with one of my friends . she was one of the only people i really hung out with at one point , but she had sooo many other people . she always took pictures with them , texted ... i can only imagine . : laughing : it's gonna be an amazing experience , whatever happens . i'm going because of a friend's birthday , but really , it's become more for me than him . it'll be my first real ... you brave man . : mellow : on topic , i haven't taken any risks lately . but i will be at the end of this month when i go on my first trip alone . i planned it all myself and haven't really told ... i'm pretty insecure , so my wardrobe is mostly baggy , super-concealing clothing . i look either like i just crawled out of bed or am about to rob a store . it's not a great look , but it sure is comfy ... i have 11 books waiting to be finished , 2 video games , 10 + albums i need to listen to , and tons of downloaded information that i need to read and take notes on . and , i need to put the harmonica i ... i do this quite a bit . makes my friends mad when they come ranting to me and i respond with something like , well , i can see why he did that or if i were in his shoes , i might've done that , too . ... '