' who are your favourite intjs in anime ? i'm pretty partial to lelouch ( code geass ) and shiroe ( log horizon ) though there are quite a few good examples . bonus points if you can name the show this ... hmmm , i can't infer your exact intended meaning from that comment , though if you'd like to clarify , i'd be interested to hear your point of view . i would say that peoples ' motivations for dating ( or whatever cultural equivalent is in essence similar ) are as widely varied as peoples ' personalities themselves . for some people , it's about the ... it's a thought i've considered , for sure , but i don't think i'm in a wise position in terms of furthering future life aspirations while doing so . i would seriously consider it if i had a good job ... the only other thing i can say as an entp is that growing up the things that annoyed me the most were ones that tried to limit possibilities in ways that i felt artificial . things like , asking how to ... it's been about five years since i graduated from university and i've been feeling in a rut for some time now . i've tried various things to get myself out of it , but nothing has really worked . as i ... i grew up ultra-sensitive to sound , though recently i've noticed it's not as much so . still , i find i notice things other people don't , or i use my ears a lot ( i drive with my window slightly down , ... i would say to make sure he has the minimum practical life skills to take care of himself when he moves out / not lead him to subsisting on cup noodles and take-out . if he ever wants to learn how to ... i'm super surprised that nobody's mentioned haruhi suzumiya from the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya , she's a very standout entp , and from a reasonably well-recognized series . ( albeit anime , and the ... better than hiding them in self-denial . on the topic of polyamorous relationships , until very recently , i was pretty turned off by the idea of polyamorous relationships , aside from just wanting to keep things between myself and the ... the way i think of it is that you're going to forget half of your cool ne-driven ideas without some si , so it's a good thing you have it on your function list at all . trying to make him speak in logic is probably like trying to get you to speak in touchy-feely . though from your point of view he may come off as nosy and overbearing / pesky , he's ... i'm always hopeful that people will underestimate me , because it makes both trolling and exceeding their expectations that much easier ... good for brainstorming ... maybe not so much for practical implementation . i think the difference between the two might also be reflected in how distinctly one leans towards t or n in the most general sense . for me , i tend to score the highest on my n trait , with t being ... impatience . as a side note , i am totally going to be in seattle next weekend . not that it has anything to do with actually attending , rather than running an anime convention . nothing like that at all . on an ... hi everyone ! i realize i haven't been around here in like ... forever , because , well , i run a convention that i've always talked about a bunch . since i've talked about it so much , i wanted to throw up ... aw , i finally come back and now you're taking off and becoming a businesswoman ? so disappointed ! ;) [ edit ] < insert bad pun about making an executive decision here > liquidlight yeah , i think i'm actually somewhat like jung in principle in the sense that i'm not too into the concrete divisions between the types , that's sort of why i hold the position that , ' hey , ... liquidlight - i felt that last post was a little more concise and to the point , so thanks for that . i felt that some of the links were more addressing the idea of changing type from quiz to quiz vs ... i would say that sometimes the way you get to know a person is also a reflection of the sides of you they see . now , i don't know much about you personally , but i find that i have a habit of being ... i acknowledge that's possible , and i wasn't meaning to imply that it's necessarily better , and , if by optimal use , you mean , basically , what's the best thing to do with your brain / self in general , ... mkeath i saw that one quite awhile ago , but with the real subtitles , pretty good . xd i can vaguely make out what they're actually saying . > . > very vaguely . well , this might seem like an odd suggestion , but try a little estp method acting , because , well there's the definition of being out of your head if i've heard one ! ( and , you should have the ... 2011 was an alright year for me . financially speaking , i was able to pay off all of my credit card debt ( september 2010 it was $ 18,000 ) and have managed to save up a bit . school-wise , i've ... i would say it's a balance in general , though i do seem to get closer to the introverts overall , i guess that makes sense , though . yeah , i would say debate still occurs in the less directly confrontational cultures , they just do it in a more indirect way ... post amusing conversation clips from your friends . crono says how you been spending your vacation ? flaire says getting fat and making music 16s and gabber crono square says i usually lean toward tunes with a positive / energetic sound to them , rather than positive lyrics . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SanodTD46Ew this totally used to be my alarm clock music .  ... well , a lot of my friends would say that it's the mbti , but saying something like that around here isn't much special at all . xd ( my intj friend mentioned the other day that he's been keeping track ... i realized i should totally answer my own question too ! i'm a pretty big bargain hunter , but only insofar as things i actually use / need , because it's only a deal if it's something you actually need ... i think the poll would have turned out more interesting with the omission of entp , actually . though i agree that this is possible , and even likely , i don't agree that it is necessary . liquidlight i would like to see something much more concise and straightforward that says you can't ... perhaps , but , from a system resource point of view , it can also bog things down . i have no idea how i got that . xd i'm generally in agreement with the not expressing one's self very well thing , in fact , even going beyond the statement i that enfjs keep their feelings to themselves , i think , in some cases , they ... yeah ... i can buy that it's unlikely , but claiming necessary impossibility really seems like it's stretching things to me . i'm a little hesitant to buy the idea that , out of 7 + billion people , nobody ... i had a pretty good christmas , and then i can't even explain why , but i read this christmas fic that someone posted and it just totally made my day . ( think tsundere archetype + a christmas carol ... geez , you make it sound like i'm bordering on intj or something . ;) gift cards : the shittier money . the only exception to this i make is that i used to be part of the at home program that gave you a bonus $ 20 for every $ 100 worth of gift cards you ordered , which ... does this include people who are reconsidering their type as entp too ? ;) possibri - i highly recommend checking out in the groove , if you enjoyed the challenge factor of ddr . the high end of difficulty is much higher , and you can actually load custom songs into the game ... i think it takes a lot to get me angry as well , but when i do , i tend to get quieter , sharper and more focused , entirely intent on completely dismantling whatever it is that's gotten me to that point . saymoi - i can strongly identify with what you're saying , particularly when it comes to exercise . this is the only way i can stay in shape , because i just get too bored with normal exercise : ... i think that not only do your words affect how others perceive you , it also affects how you perceive yourself . st augustine has a bit of a theory about how lying creates multiple realities of sorts , ... i just noticed that the title says enfj / intj , but we ended up talking about infj / intj . i feel kind of disappointed that i can't make jokes about looking in the mirror now . this definitely 100 % describes how i was as a teen and into my early 20s , and though i would say it's one of the levels my mind still works on , i've also tried to take a more laid back approaching to ... another interesting answer that comes to mind is that some philosophers will actually take the position that the world we're in is actually the one and only perfect , and most complete world , because ... '