' people often tell me i'm intimidating , or that i intimidated them before they got to know me - - this is pretty common , but it's usually the people who know me less intimately who are intimidated . i'm ... i'm either a 7w6 or a mistyped 5 . i've always been stuck between the two , but i do take enneagram with a heavier grain of salt . i'm very much an entp . i'm a student , probably double majoring in philosophy and international relations . i'm thinking either law / advocacy / academia , or film / journalism / public relations . college entp here with a more specific question : where can i find intjs on a college campus ? as an entp constantly surrounded by infps and isfjs , i really need an intj break . how do i find you ? ... ^ second being told what to do . even for something extremely minor , i mentally flinch . being cut off while i'm speaking . being ignored , or meeting non-response , after i speak . i'm an extremely convincing liar . i almost succeed in convincing myself of the pure , unquestionable truth of my lie . i don't enjoy telling direct lies , although i'll do it if the stakes are high or ... first , i am in awe at how similar all of our interests , positions , anxieties and hopes are . especially for younger entps like myself , it's extremely comforting to hear back the things it seems you ... lateral thinking is pretty much just ne , which is difficult to fully describe to a ni-dom , but i'll give it a go . given a situation / problem , i'm immediately overwhelmed with many , many different ... common sense . the obvious approach . i like offensive humor when the offense punches up and offers an original play-up at power dynamics . biting , shock-factor humor is interesting only when it punches up at establishment people and ... materially , of course not . emotionally , we just don't want to be stifled or smothered . to be frank , i'm not even clear on what emotional high maintenance is , but by the sound of it , i don't even want ... i've tried to meditate multiple times . maybe i need more guidance , but meditation seems to the exact opposite of my actual mental nature , so it's really fucking difficult . i see the benefits , but ... to be blunt , this is a pathetic notion . do entp women shut down our mediocre and ineffective advances instead of entertaining our fragile egos and gently rocking us to a comforting sleep ? uh , sure ... witty , analytical , inconsistent , passionate , idealistic . i'm a 5w4 . there's a possibility i might by a 7w6 , in which case my full enneagram would be 7w6 4w5 1w9 . either way , i identify extremely strongly with both 5 and 4 . what are your questions ? i seem to be the minority here : i'm extremely good at talking about my problems . a little too good , as my friends may say . i really like to work out a problem out loud with someone - it makes my ... i think polyamory is extremely rational , and an appropriate choice for me / entps in general , though i haven't been in a polyamorous relationship yet . monogamy does have some benefits , i suppose , but ... yes , i completely agree . what bothers me about the enneagram is that it reads distinctly more like horoscope than mbti does . mbti has breakable components - cognitive functions - that we can dissect , ... what desire machine said . a good middle ground between small talk and interesting things is whatever that person is passionate about , unless it's something reprehensible like sports or celebrity ... i see nothing 8ish in myself at all . two and eight are consistently my lowest testing types . if a seven , i definitely would think i'd be a 7w6 . the doubt , absolute love of research and factfinding of ... it is a lot of that , yes . i attempt to identify the root of the problem , the fi-holder feels attacked and lashes out , and instead of feeling hurt / upset and retaliating , i remind myself to stay ... my best friend and other close friend happen to be this type , my mother is this type , and it does not work . please . just don't . entps and fi-doms do not go together . don't do it . just . never . never ... i can't do this to save my life . i can't fake interest in boring things people talk about ( ex : their lives , health trends , who achieved what ) and listen intently and ask follow-up questions and ... i started a thread a while ago discussing this exact thing . click to read . ( i discuss the inconsistencies i see in being an entp 5 , the problems i see in my entp self clashing with the expectation of ... i'm not popular , as in friends with many / most people , but i'm very well-liked by certain people . i can't fake interest , in either people or the subject matter , to save my life . this limits my ... currently in a similar situation . i'm interested in everything , but i'm especially into screenwriting and journalism , while keeping law school in sight . i'm thinking of double majoring in english and ... 1 . what is a good person like to you ? a good person hates malice , or the unprovoked intent to do harm . all other traits are ambiguous to me ; this one is clear . compassion may be another . 2 . would ... why ? is it social anxiety , actual disinterest , something else ? also , how do you feel about the attention of others ? my life seems ridden with infps , and it's extremely fucking exhausting trying to communicate with them . weak communication and the total lack of effort to communicate , sensitivity , selfishness , the ... witty humor . if only we can add a poll to this thread to show entp results ? aliceinbrc social norms definitely play a role , yeah . we praise / encourage sensitivity and grace in women , while we admire male mavericks as independent . a female entp learns quickly that behavior ... i have a pretty developed fe . frankly , it's fucking annoying . i have the fe awareness of the emotional / situation , but that fe is still critically weaker than my ti , which makes me not give a shit ... for an extravert , i spend a lot of time by myself . when i think about what i'm doing when i'm by myself , i realized that i'm researching things that interest me , digging through articles / blogs , ... i literally set 10 alarms on my phone , which go off in 5 - minute intervals around an hour before i have to actually get up . and each alarm has the smart function that goes off three times each . i ... i literally can't even stick to a political stance . i have varying political modes , based upon varying levels of idealism , cynicism , humanism . i can see the ir / rationality behind many ... finally ! insight ! thank you guys . still a bit fuzzy on how i fit into this ... any other entp 5 ' s , please add your thoughts ! okay , so pretend you're offered some new experience , an unnecessary ... it's apparently very common for entps to be 7s . fives , not typically so . as someone driven to the very edge of frustration being stuck between 5 and 7 , i'd like some clarity on the enigma of the ... a few are more creative-writing oriented , but : * we work well under time pressure . * nt in general , but i would argue ti specifically , is exacting and can use language to meet precise needs , and ... yeah , the entp forum quality's dipped for a while now . so why is it ? what's with the lackluster threads and inactivity ? thank you all for your thorough responses ! exactly what i was hoping to read . it seems to vary heavily on the individual , but it looks like a quickly changing situation that exerts creative ... this is the exact opposite of me . i have uncontrollably loud , literally incessant mental noise . it's fucking loud in my head . constant connections , hypothesizing why people are doing this or that , ... 1 . what do you do ? 2 . is your job your passion ? rate your passion out of 10 ( 10 being most passionate ) , and then describe . 3 . were you more passionate about your job before you started the job ... i don't have values or principles . if i were forced to consider vague ideas of good things by which i live my life , they would be curiosity , creativity , intellectual inquiry , willingness to improve ... ^ i'm not sure what you intended to mean by this , but if you are implying that evolution made intuition more favorable and thus common in the population over time , i find that problematic in a few ... functions used by each type , in order of dominance : infj : ni fe ti se intj : ni te fi se intp : ti ne si fe fe-ti are one pair ; te-fi are another pair . you cannot mix and match between these two ... i wonder if an equal distribution of types would affect how government has come to evolve - power structures in general . the typical triangle structure of a majority of individuals answering up to a ... i'm confused why people are saying whether this is a good idea or a bad idea . this situation is like , what if the continents were evenly distributed in land mass ? i strongly support this , it's a ... fi . nuff said . manticore , why do you think we should assume that the proportion has changed since 1200 ? my estj friend is going through some difficult times right now . i'm better at advice than consolation , and comforting is not a strength of mine . how would someone go about cheering up / comforting an ... '