' update : so i've come upon the realization that my detachment may have been an indirect symptom of under eating . i truly cannot believe how i didn't notice it earlier but i would go days forgetting ... thanks :) it does maybe it is time to let go and ride it out .. thank you for all your responses they have been enlightening . oops sorry i did ! i'm looking forward to starting a routine now if that's possible ! and i really do hope it's gonna get better because i only feel it's getting worst from here .. i'll try and take a ... i realize indeed that i've become too concerned with social rules now that i feel inept to deal with people . i just don't want to scare anyone away ! but then again , it's only a reflection of me .. and ... is that one of the side effects ? haha entpeeved oh gosh this exactly me . what supplements did you start taking ? and it did help thank you :) ) spastic origami , you got a point .. hmmm i guess it's time to bring out the inner istj ! ahh lucky you , i've had no luck faking enthusiasm . :/ and good suggestions , some more intensity in my life to pull me out of this would be helpful . and i believe its chemical . hopefully i'm sorry it must be hard to deal with it for that long . i get what you mean exactly , i've been the emotional wreck myself lately . and hey i'm actually pretty happy to know that someone else feels ... i've been off the drug for almost a month now . and i get what you mean , but i just felt so helpless for a while that i wanted to find some answers . yes i have tried breathing exercises and other ... omg how funny , 5 years too late i guess . <--- ( not the cat .. : kitteh :) seem's enfp-like ! her changing her identities may be just her trying to communicate better and be more agreeable . and the getting bored part doesn't seem anything out of the ordinary from my ... alright , so it all began when i started taking accutane . ( a semi-permanent drug for acne where one of the side-effect's happen to be depression ) that was the beginning of summer . after getting off ... would if i could get a hold of some , its only me and mary jane in the mean time awesome , thank you ! yes and i have tried them ! i just simply was searching for what people may use / do to get creative and i realize now that is how i should of phrased my question . and that is true creativity is ... same sort of like strategies . more like tools to further ones train of thought if that makes anymore sense . i agree although my perspective on creativity is that it's more of a process then you describe . but hey if it works then that's great :) matvey so essentially what i'm looking for is for creative brain sparks . for example , a while back i learned by taking consideration of and trying to see through the perspective of someone in a certain ... i prefer decaf . oh i can find something to admire in all the types ! but my bestfriend is a entp and some past love interests as well . but over all i love enfj males , the ones i met were pretty amazing people , ... i don't know about you guys , but i would personally say being so self concious . it was really the worst thing in the world , knowing you have potential to do things but missing the chance to do it ... burgendy , mustard yellow , a pale peachy pink , purple like the royal kind , and a dark but soft green . the answer to this changes every other week .. but honestly just humor me and we can call it a night :-) and i've been craving mexican food so that would be great too haha . i mean i know we're pretty good at it but i didn't know we would convince you it's real that bad , you won't no longer listen to reason ! quite a entp thing to do oh no see you must be the fool ! enfp ? we show you what we want you to see ! but my my you entp's are like a open book . :) oh right ! if it isn't the entj way it's the wrong way ! my god why don't you just type this thing up for me while your at it . and oh yeah i found that gps you put on my car .. and the camera in my ... dance ? you want me to dance ? i would never do such a unspeakable act ! ah i don't know and yeah it doesn't matter much anymore , it's over pretty much . and oh my god that's fi gold . and hah same here ! it don't matter what it's on but i'll buy a bunch of books and never ... omg i didn't finish my post cause i pressed send by accident haha . and well i found myself trying to do everything by myself and expecting everyone to get off their ass and do things for me . i ... hmm lets see .. i was in a ne-te loop for like 4 years and i finally came out ( alive and ok ) although that sucked i do have a nice te developed and stuff . now some personal matters .. ( yummy lol ) ... if only entp's could read people as well maybe they wouldn't be so tactless ! feminism by google definition is the advocacy of women's rights on the grounds of political , social , and economic equality to men . so by definition you / they are not feminist if you put females on ... ah yes i understand all too well . i agree with auroralight in the sense that anxiety can be transformed or used productively ( like making art , etc ) anxiety can actually be really energizing , it can ... haha my best friend for 9 years is an entp . i don't know if i'd agree completely with entp's not giving a fuck .. i kind of see that it's more of the context that differs between the two . instead of ... i'm dead i did not expect this , the longer you stare the sadder it looks lol : laughing : lol maybe idk , but that article yes , is pretty good it just doesn't really differentiate a unhealthy from healthy enfp . i'm very curious , all i know is making eggs with a song in the back is the ^ { * { % i usually just put on some funk or like i will survive so life is a downward spinning spiral .. ( if they did they would probably end it with like , enjoy the ride ! ! lol ) yes :D i like how many ways it can go . if you throw your fucks around like you don't give a fuck ( lol ) when it comes down to having to give a fuck .. you can't . it's like when a disaster strikes and ... i decided to post this thread because i wish i would of been the one to find it lol . i hope it can help anyone who can relate . so ok , i was a unhealthy enfp for quite a few years and never ... 9 words of affirmation 8quality time 7receiving gifts 4acts of service 2physical touch makes sooo much sense , pretty typical for enfp i suppose ? besides my very low physical touch ... i'm doing great , thank you . :) and oh nice ! ! i joined fairly recent too , what topics were you interested in ? : o hello huong from vietnam , i'm alexandra from united states . :D i would love to ask , what made you decide to join this fourm in particular ? hope to see more from you on here ! :) would of guessed enfp omg yes , although i feel my stages may be further dependent on the person i'm dealing with , more than you describe . i kind of mold my behavior to fit the situation although i don't just do ... ok i didnt think so but i wanted to make sure :P p but oh okay '