' much love and big hugs infps i don't like you ' what do you think makes infps so easy for intps to open up to ? my intp friend says the same thing of me ... that i'm so easy to talk to . i think i'm the only friend he truly confides in and i think a lot of people on that site you linked to are mistyped ... nah . i personally know two lonterm infj-intj couples and if you go on the infj sub on reddit you'll see that a great proportion of married infjs are happily married to intjs . it is probably the most ... mbti-wise , i see infp most commonly with istj , longterm . infp-entj happens sometimes , but it seems to be the male infp and female entj for whatever reason . infp-intj seems to mainly break up at some ... interesting . i actually seem to see lots of infjs with intjs ... i think the dom-ni bond is worth noting , and perhaps is an exception . dom-intuitives in general seem to really enjoy eachother ... but entjs are supervisors to infps ... surely that isn't ' equal ' ? yep , i would change my type if i could . nothing we're especially wonderful / talented at ( honestly , i think there are far more successful other inxx writers than infp writers ) , other inxxs make more ... as an infp ... i definitely vomit my feelings . the thing with fi is that often feelings are kept in until they burst out in a one-way stream . this is why infjs will often complain that infps can talk ... ' vomiting feelings ' is fi ... hannah tends to be quite self-centered and unhealthy fi-users are like that ... she needs to be true to herself , go her own way , wants other people to bend to her etc etc ... huh ? the show centers around her but that has nothing to do with cognitive functions ... i don't think having a few different friends = fe . i kinda feel like adam is tooo damn quirky to be istp , honestly ... his quirkiness is so quirky that it almost seems rigid and thinker-y some of the time so he's difficult to type ... but honestly he ... ' matter of fact ' does not equal ti . entps are like jon stewart : they need to have their zany intellectual discussions constantly because of how they process the world . and it's glib to say that ... letterman is intj , leno is xntj , fallon is esfp , kimmel is enfp , conan is enfp haha what's funny is that fiona's longest relationship was with an intj---paul thomas anderson . is there another type you've had better success with ? because it's both ! ! ! i have a complex relationship to everything i do / say / think . that's part of the enjoyment for me . what does my relationship to the idea have to do with the idea itself ? want to ... i may be interested in the trends and i may see some of them work a lot , but irl i'm perfectly capable of talking to people like human beings without type attached ... i really don't need a lecture ... it's not a huge trend but the ones that work really work . part of the issue is that entjs and infps tend to not cross paths or are both immature when they do . for mature people of both types it's a ... entj-infp is functionally pretty compatible :: shrug :: . i've found there to be remarkable consistency with compatibility and functional stacks . other people don't have to be interested in it ... it's ... again . maybe there are some ni users who think ne is annoying but certainly not the majority . enfj-infp is notoriously difficult to make work . i don't take them to heart . i just think they're ... oh i've read that post . yes , i think intjs can be protective of some infps due to dom-fi but i don't know that that usually translates into longlasting , day-to-day connection for most . intjs still ... sure , but there are still trends among samples of people . and these are trends that have been trends for as long as i've been involved in the mbti community , on all the sites . it's not a matter of ... do the people who post these things only exist on the internet ? lol . i'm not saying that this pairing is romantically impossible obviously , just that intjs seem to say certain things about ... it's more pronounced with infp-intj because we're both fairly withdrawn and they're n-dom while we're fi-dom . they're primarily interested in ideas and we're interested in deep , personal feeling and ... of course there are posts by intjs who like infps ... however , they are far outnumbered by intj posts that echo what i posted above . it's not a matter of ' seeing what i want to see ' it's a matter of ... here's a really interesting infp-intj post i just read on the topic . seems to touch upon what most intjs imply about this pairing : here's my thoughts . this is all in my opinion , and i'm not ... well a tritype can have wings or not ... i've mainly seen it as three types + wings in a row , one which most fits you and one that does but a little less , etc . anyway , i'm so excited that i've found ... huh ? you seem to be speaking mainly about enfps ... i don't know any infps who have reserves upon reserves of people to date ... we generally don't interact with too many people on the whole lol that's an interesting theory ... i'm more inclined to believe that enfp-intj just tends to work out better for both parties . n-dom connection is a strong , consistent one . the comments i'm referring to are generally about intjs who've had failed relationships with infps . i don't know the demographics but i do know that the number of intjs complaining about their infp ... who do the infps you know end up with ? yeah . enfp-intj is way more popular than entj-infp but the latter does happen . i hear of lots of entjs with enfps and honestly kind of a random assortment . i think it's the n-doms that have the ... regarding the trend thing ... sure the forums may be self-selecting but i've seen tons of intjs rave about enfps , i've seen tons of infjs in relationships with entps etc etc so obviously while unhappy ... i think it's best in debates not to make it about the person but about the idea ... you saying like , ' you're explaining away your type 4 predicament ' is making a lot of assumptions about me , the ... i think there's just something raw about us that can freak people out sometimes . like we can kind of be gaping wounds of people ... there is something disruptive about our raw , inward , unsaid ... idk i'm sp / sx and i've been called intimidating on occasion . i do get ' sweet ' or ' forlorn ' or ' what are you thinking ? ? ' a bit more though kind of ot but are you a 4w5 9w8 5w4 ( my tritype ! ) or do you have a 9w1 in the middle ? what is your instinctual variant ? i'm sp / sx . sorry , i am pretty excited when i come across another infp 4w5 9 5 ... i don't mind debating . i don't enjoy when people lecture and make things personal though uh obviously intjs prefer infps to some other types , but infps seem to really like intjs overall , and i think it isn't fully reciprocated . we have a benefactor-beneficiary relationship in socionics ... and how does that relate to your need to lecture me as a person and lecture me about self-growth ? share your own experiences . i've clarified my comments but my observation still stands that intjs ... um i'm not angry ... i'm stating my opinion forcefully because i believe in it . i made one crude , throwaway comment that loosely tied to a trend i've noticed re : how intjs think about being in ... and ? are my comments a direct , literal reflection of me and how i always think ? many assumptions on your part . sometimes starting a conversation in that way garners more responses because people will ... from what i can observe , entj and estj women don't have that much trouble finding partners . and of course , they aren't dom-feeling so they aren't going to ruminate about it as much anyway , generally ... i never said that certain relationships are an impossibility , i just said that on all different mbti platforms over time i've seen the same things over and over and over . i am perfectly willing to ... the trend of intjs not really liking infps in romantic relationships can be found on perc , on typologycafe , all of the reddit mbti subreddits and intjforum . of course , broad brush claims aren't , ... you like infps but most intjs don't ( in a romantic sense ) are any of you 4w5s ? attic blackwing 94 seamaid nicoloco 90 i see female infjs most frequently rave about entps and intjs . honorable mentions go to enfp ( though it often seems like more of a pal connection + many infj females seem to really idealize logic in ... this wouldn't be such a problem if infjs weren't so idealized and infps weren't always so put down online . from how i've heard others speak about infps i can't blame some of my kind for wanting to be ... does anyone else notice that other feelers like enfps and infjs seem to have way more longterm success ? i feel like when i do hear of infps in good longterm relationships they say things like ' well , ...