' probably waaayy late now , but i would just reply : [ city ] , why ? you don't want to appear too explicit about how you feel about him yet . keep some of the mystery to yourself to keep him ... haha , i get it now ! i was puzzling over it for quite a while ! i can totally relate to this thread . i wasn't ' in touch ' with my feelings for most of my life , as for school / work i didn't really need to use feelings and ended up working in a very male-dominated ... can you explain at bit more how an entp dad and istj mom created a perfect environment for you ? i have a intp dad and esfj mom , and it was extremely frustrating growing up as none of them were able ... lol ! thanks guys . kind of confirms my suspicions that though he was initially attracted to her looks , he ’ s grown tired of her and their inability to have to good mental connection . it ’ s interesting ... do you mean your mom is istj or intj ? yes i agree with this . i definitely sense his resentment and growing apathy towards her . the other day we met up after work and she called him and asked him when he would be back . he said he was with ... thanks everyone for all your comments . from what you guys have said about the entp / istj match , some of you won ’ t want to enter this partnership and those of you which have experienced it have had ... one of my best friends is married to an istj . it was a long-distance whirlwind romance and they got married pretty quickly not long after dating . however it's been a few years he is not doing too ... swimming butterfly https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebMfr7n65_c weightlifting snatches https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oWNSNtC6Kmc waterearthfireair funny you should say youth minister , as i used to lead the young adults group of the church i grew up in , which i found to be a great experience ! i've since moved around quite a ... being out of school a number of years , i have found my social circle getting smaller over time . i chose business / finance as my career path , and there really arenx 92t too many infjs , in this line of ... you're welcome ! look forwards to the update . all the best ! let me just throw something out there . his brain is going to work very differently from yours as his dominant function is ni , while yours is ne . what this means is that whilst he may appear to be ... the fact he tells you this but still wishes to keep his distance might mean a couple of things . 1 . he does like you , but feels things are moving too fast and hasn't had the time to process his ... it's been noted that infj and entp make a good match . do you think this is only the case for heterosexual relationships where infj is the female ? : i think this is a good question , and i've been ... lise a sounds like you are infj rather than isfj to me . from your detailed answers picking up fe / ti which is common to both but also strong ni / se vs si / ne . infj love people and what makes them ... i don't think the op is going to be able to garnish much useful information from this question as to finding out unhealthy traits commonly found in infjs . infj can demonstrate any number of ... i have encountered something like this before . one of my main issues with infps is that because they judge so quickly with their fi , they come across like they think everyone else judges so quickly ... my parents struggled with codependency issues throughout their marriage . after understanding more about mbti i can see a lot of it i think has to do with their cognitive functions . they share they ... my sister is an infp and her husband is an istj . i thought i would revitalise this thread rather than starting a new one as there's quite a lot of good things here , which i have seen in their ... if i am analyzed in a nt way , it would lack an emotional connection , and i would feel uncomfortable . if i am analyzed in a sj way , it would lack sufficient depth , and i would feel detached .  ... even though an enfp and an entp have the same dominant function , ne , would their areas of interest and emotions , or lack thereof clash ? i have seen conversations between the two and the 2 of them and ... i would agree with this . i have found no matter how much you want to change things or stop bad things from happening things may take months or years before they fully play out . you may have the ... mix of low to high intensity sports , food comparisons , driving fast cars and cornering real hard , thrill seeking . buying new things and gadgets that i probably don't need but just want to have . i got the same from enfp and esfj women . i would say i can see why people would say i am stone-faced though . never got commented on by guys , but i think half of us are stone-faced anyway regardless ... it's really not as you say it is at all , but i don't expect you to be able to understand as you've never felt a strong sense of connectedness to any type , which is sad ... i think any of those subjects are equally good , depending on your area of interest . you can probably excel at any of them at an undergraduate or graduate level , and find meaningful work with any of ... yeah , i ’ m with you here . it ’ s a pretty harsh article , and i can ’ t identify with what he says much at all . personally i don ’ t think this guy is an infj even though he says he is a ‘ solid ’ one . my ... may i just say , it was not instant and it wasn ’ t a decision . it was based on intuition , and was actually an ni theory that took time to develop and which i got based on the fact that your answer to ... ok , i can see where the misunderstanding could come from , and i accept your interpretation . discussing someone's type is sensitive which is why i have been very careful in my wording from the ... , really strange behavior here . i took the discussion offline as i thought it might be more comfortable for you , and the thread is not really about discussing your type . but actually it was you who ... i don't purport i know you well or indeed better than yourself , but i know what it is liked to be mistyped and not truly identifying with my type for so long . then when i found my true type i felt ... 1 . not really . i have developed strong , deep , values over time and generally stick to them , and live according to them . but for most of my life i was a chameleon , blending in to social situations and ... l fair comments . i can be quite abrasive too ! i would second this . might create more answered questions but at least you will be questioning forwards . the answers are out there , you just haven't found them yet . 1 . infj use ni which goes from broad to deep and narrow , so the point of this thread is to explore the breadth of infjs experience with loyalty in romantic relationships and to examine some of the ... as far as i can tell from your story , the good news it there really doesn't seem to be anything unusual going on . he sounded really into you from the start , enjoyed your company , got creative , had ... thanks everyone to your many interesting and varied responses ! i fully appreciate the discussion , but i thought i would come back to provide some added context to the op . this thread was not ... i can definitely identify with the development of infj children . my sister is an infp , and watching her grow up , i can totally see how her path differs from the infj . how is this a potshot ? it helps to know which type you are so you can learn to grow in your type and not think you are one type when actually you are another . i have nothing against infps . i know ... i don't think that utopia can be achieved in this world . too much evil exists for the world to be purged in its entirety . what would be needed is a whole new world to be created . however , there ... i mean this is in the best possible way , but do you think you could be an infp rather than an infj ? at the end of the day , everyone has to get comfortable with his or her mbti type , but there were a ... i don't what it is between enfp and istjs . according to socionics they are conflicting pairs . i had a similar experience once . at first they got along , but i think the istj couldn't handle the enfps ... no , we are not a heartless bunch , in fact we love helping people . however , there are several reasons why an infj is likely to walk pass a homeless person . 1 . deep empathy : contrary to popular ... there was an infp girl i was great friends with for years but when i was interested into turning it to something more it didn't work out . she wasn't looking for a relationship at the time , which left ... i've been playing chess for year . not training or anything , just playing random games online for fun . i made some decent progress initially but don't seem to have improved that much after . probably ... thanks for a brilliant quote ! trust jung , the godfather infj , to have something to explain my behavior and that of my friend's ! i guess it makes sense now that these steps were taken as a ... . '