' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cL0qDty1zmE happiness is a butterfly , which when pursued , is always just beyond your grasp , but which , if you will sit down quietly , may alight upon you ... nathaniel hawthorne on a happiness scale from ... our lives are not our own . we all are related to other living beings . when you choose to end your life , you end affecting the life of those around you . these deaths continue to haunt for a lifetime ... johnny : so … what do you think they really are ? the stars , i mean . river : i … i ’ ve never told anyone , but … i ’ ve always thought they were lighthouses . billions of lighthouses … … stuck at the ... i have always wondered about these questions ... even when i was a kid . my curiosity probably was driven as a way to put a framework to my own experiences . since a child i experience many things that ... all i could think when i read this thread was a song . it has a tragic ending but it captures the everyday interaction of someone you are in love with . you should fall in love with someone that makes ... there are lies , damned lies and statistics . - mark twain every time someone share an study with you .. try to always answer these 5 questions : 1 ) - who said it ? : 2 ) - how they know that ? 3 ) - what ... i fall between the two . because i am lazy ( but responsible ) , i am always trying to figure out how to do things in a more efficient way . i see a problem and try to find an adequate solution for it ... 1 . life is a gift . we are here to experience happiness and to learn a bit about ourselves . 2 . learn to embrace uncertainty . we don't have all the answers and there are so many unknowns . many things ... my current eating habits are the product of various years of trials , error and research , to figure out what kind of food works well for my wellbeing . i was an ova-lacto vegetarian for 3 years , later ... i have never posted my picture online to be measure by the beauty standard that others have . human bodies comes in all sizes and shapes . no matter who you are , there is someone that will find your ... we all have happy , joyful days but also sad and depressing days .. such is the nature of life . in my case i find that the balance inclines to happy and joyful days . every day i try to think of the good ... i lost my fear of dying the day i had an out of body experience . that day i understood that i can exist independent of my physical body . it was kind of a liberating experience because for me it is ... x93better keep yourself clean and bright ; you are the window through which you must see the world . x94 x96 george bernard shaw i wish that i could have a magic wand to take away the pain and loneliness ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2eUw0CUuMc watched this beautiful video today and feel like sharing it with others that experience the world like i do . i have always thought that there should be ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xY8-8KtxfkI no matter who you are , you have something to offer to this world . there is no one else like you . what will you like to do wit your life ? ... what makes ... i have experience many unusual thing since i was a kid . i can remember 3 specific occasions in which i saw the future or a probable one : 1 ) - future wedding of a cousin : this happen around one ... life is whatever you make out of it . it is an open journey that we carve with the choices we make everyday . because it is your own story it is up to you what you want to do with it . happiness means ... “ it will remain remarkable , in what ever way our future concepts may develop , that the very study of the external world led to the scientific conclusion that the content of the consciousness is the ... root : open ( 31 % ) sacral : open ( 25 % ) “ humankind has not woven the web of life . we are but one thread within it . whatever we do to the web , we do to ourselves . all things are bound together . all things connect . ” ~ chief seattle my ... for every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it . for every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it . for every love there is a heart somewhere to receive it ” ... ivan panin i probably have ... no one saves us but ourselves . no one can and no one may . we ourselves must walk the path . ~ buddha ~ i used to be a people rescuer in high-school and the first years of college . i also used to ... i can read people very well . i agree that most of the time infjs are good at picking the subtleties of all forms of non-verbal language ( body language , tone of voice ... ) but in a few occasions i tend ... infj , love . i call my religion love because is so simple that everyone can get it and no one can't argue again it . it is the main tenant of all spiritual and religion traditions . even if you ... i am also into deep and interesting plot . specially well develop characters as the drama unfolds of . i tend to prefer short animes because in most cases , the longer you prolong something , the less ... there doesn't exist a perfect thing in this reality . everything is a work in progress , including ourselves . relationships are about growing in the end . they are a link that exist between two people ... do you believe in past lives ? i don't believe in past lives , i know it to be are a real phenomenon . it is also the best explanation to date that i have found about for some very interesting ... intimacy in lak'ech ala k'in opus :) . a musical greeting for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMUhjDeEPfA i am also a walking contradiction :P .. think that is kind of common for a lot of infjs here ... do you ever find yourself wanting more mystical or spiritual experiences in life ? spiritual and mystical experiences have been part of my life since i was a kid . i have seen and experience so ... i am not an infp ( infj ) but that has been the major goal of my life and i am almost there :) . i call that endgame . will share this text with you : the empty boat chuang tzu he who rules men ... there are four questions of value in life ... what is sacred ? of what is the spirit made ? what is worth living for , and what is worth dying for ? the answer to each is the same . only love . don juan ... your post reminds me of this quote : “ immature love says : ' i love you because i need you . ' mature love says : ' i need you because i love you ' ” ... erich fromm it is quite the conundrum . it took me ... humor me :p when you have the time . to see what kind of cards and message from the great beyond i get ;p . you are not a fool at all . i have seen and experience very unusual things in this life and because of that i know that anything can happen . i have meet a few woman that share the traits that you seek ... i will just hug her , let her know that i am there for her and give her the space she needs to deal with the depression . it appears to be such a simple thing but that does wonders . sometimes that's ... i can only speak of my own case . when i was in a very unbalanced state of mind a long time ago , i never could be cruel to anyone , other than myself . to this day i haven't experience what people call ... there are people that are in love with the idea of falling in love . they don't want the person itself but the exhilaration and exciting feeling they get when they are in the first stage of any ... only when we are so at peace being with our self that we do not desire a relationship with another are we truly ready to enter the experience of intimacy ... sri barbie bungo could said to be the ... you don't love a woman because she's beautiful ; she is beautiful because you love her . - anonymous one can never know how someone feels about you . at best you can make a good conjecture . the ... our entire life consists ultimately in accepting ourselves as we are ... jean anouih i am sorry to hear that you were hurt by them . people usually externalize their own problems into others . someone ... cloud atlas : sonmi ~ 451 - final speech http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYLpQFuxV5Y this scene will be on my mind for a long time . it struck a chord inside me . there is so much wisdom in that ... i am familiar with his model of reality . i read his trilogy of books and saw a few of his presentations on youtube . as far as i am aware of it is the only model of reality that derives ... i have experience it twice in my life . for me it was more of a recognition . it was like seeing an old friend in which i shared so many joys and frustrations in times long forgotten . being someone ... that's the problem with language and metaphors xd . everyone will get a different meaning that will be molded through the lens of their perception . what they will comprehend will depend on their ... i can't be anything else that i am . authenticity is a very important thing to me . so i don't like mind games at all . i love spontaneity and expressing how i feel and what i am . i can't act or put a ... space and time are the framework within which the mind is constrained to construct its experience of reality ... immanuel kant “ all that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream . ” ― edgar allan ... what are your interests and hobbies ? my main interest are nutrition , health , relationships ( sex ) , truth , psychology , philosophy , etc ... in general to gain understanding on how people and everything ... if quantum mechanics hasn't profoundly shocked you , you haven't understood it yet . ... niels bohr the akashic records is like a database where the system / god / universe / source keeps information of ... '