' for those of you out there who have a unique name or foreign name with a different / possibly difficult pronounication , how do you introduce yourself ? do you have a different way of pronouncing your ... i just finished my first semester of freshman year of college and my gpa is not looking so good . i'm ( hopefully ) gonna end up with just a 3.03 gpa for this semester and a 3.23 counting my not so good ... i asked my professor about it today and he said that i could talk about different industries like the health industry and alternative energy and everything . about outcomes , he said to remember that ... a1b2c3d4 thismustbetheplace thank you soo much ! ! i was hoping to be able to do it over some sort of health research , so i think i'll try to find a specific area of interest and ask him about that ... i'm taking intro to microeconimics and we have to write a 6-7 page paper over this prompt : do government subsidies for new technology or services lead to the desired outcome ? use 3-4 historical ... 1 . favourite planet ? i did a project on uranus in 8th grade , so i guess that's it ! 2 . can you bake ? kinda ... i haven't baked much , but really want to start . 3 . do you keep a journal ? ... you're definitely not the only one dealing with procrastination . i'm like the queen of procrastinating . it's bad . for me , trying to do things in parts usually doesn't work . if i have to write a ... oh my goodness . this . i do this all the time , haha ! i have these fake conversations and what not . : laughing : i do it all the time ! i've even done it just walking on the sidewalks a few times ... people probably thought i was crazy since i was talking to and giggling to myself ... even though they won't see this , i just kinda wanted to apologize to the people sitting near me in the library right now . i'm sitting in the quiet study section in the library and this chair and ... i'm really disappointed because i turned on the fan without thinking and it popped my pretty silver balloon i got from prom last night : sad : thank you all for the suggestions and tips ! ! :D that's such a cute and funny idea ! i want to try now , haha . maybe i'll do that in the library someday ... hahaha , i actually ... amazing spoken word poetry . i've listened to this so many times ... if you repeat something over and over , it loses it's meaning . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EILQTDBqhPA im fine i was looking for a piece of art for a class and that's the song my friend recommended ! what a coincidence ! aw , thank you , you're so sweet :) haha , i guess people are weird in that sense at times ... oh dear . good luck ! ! :) haha , that is good , i'm the same way . i usually pull one or two all-nighters in the couple of days before it's due , not a great habit , haha . right now , i'm reading blue plate special by michelle d . kwasney . i'm lying in bed , considering going to sleep when i really should be studying for a test ( i don't understand or enjoy the material ... calculus . eugh . ) i'll be attending the university in my hometown as a freshman this coming fall . i can't afford to live on campus , so i'll be living at home , but that worries me because i'm not very good at making ... i don't know if i would quite describe myself as versatile , at least not right now ... that's great that you've had that realization ! i hope i will have a similar one day . may i ask what your job is ? i have a test tomorrow and a 5 page paper due on tuesday , which i haven't even chosen my topic for ... this is going to be fun ... this is my profile pic on facebook . so , obviously , i look much better here than i do normally . 110546 with my best friend before a dance ! 110594 and this ... is what i'm wearing to prom on ... i sometimes feel as if all the talent is concentrated in just a few people . i mean , there are people who can do it all ! draw , sing , dance , play instruments , you name it , they can do it . pleaasseee , ... i'm sorry , this is really long and rambly and probably just a waste of space , but i just kinda felt like i was about to explode , so yeah ... also , sorry , reading over this , a lot of is just me sinking ... these are all kinda ya books , but still really good ! forbidden by tabitha suzuma - - it's a different and taboo topic , but an amzing book ! delirium by lauren oliver - - about a world where love ... yes , all the time ! i can never think of what to say that really tells who i am . short version : i'm a very envious person who envies basically everyone and am very average with no talent of my own . and i tend to wallow in self pity sometimes . kinda annoying . long and overly ... oh so many ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QO0iGlV2wbE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqkdw8-D0wY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9Y69p1Lx48 i don't think you ever stop loving someone . the feelings may get weaker and be buried , but i don't think if you truly loved them , they'll ever go away completely . what was the point of that conversation ? i don't know what i was trying to get out of it . i basically told him i wasn't over him yet , but i don't know why i was expecting that somehow telling him ... i feel exactly this way so much . i don't understand why we feel this way either , but i really hope we can learn to let it go soon . it really does make things harder than they need to be . oh my goodness , i was just about to make a thread just like this ! i'm going through the same thing . i broke up with my ex ( of one year ) last june , due to some family problems . i still talk to him on ... it's really hard to choose . guilt is definitely one . i hate the feeling of having hurt someone or even saying something and then later realizing that they could have taken it the wrong way , it drives ... skimp whims hmm ... i guess there are some things that i believe that don't really have a rational reasoning ( everything happening for a reason , reincarnation , destiny ( kinda ) ) .   ... well , i've typed as an infp on many tests and my friend who is really quite good at typing , also said he was pretty sure i was an infp . but one thing that sometimes makes me doubt my typing is the ... indian ! :) i can't seem to form opinions on anything . and this drives me nuts . i don't know if im crazy or just lazy , but seriously , i just don't have a view . i can usually see both sides of the argument and ... powershell oh wow , 2.5 years ? how did you manage to take 29 hours ? at the schools i'm looking at the limits are like 19-20 hours / semester . aah ok ... for ultimate goals , i'm not too sure . as of now , ... bluekitdon i don't know , the idea of going to community college and then transferring doesn't appeal to me , despite the amount of money that could be saved . yes , i think i'll probably just the full ... wanderingalways ah , thank you ! what degree did you pursue ? yeah , the extra year of salary was one factor that was pulling toward trying to finish within 3 years , but now i'm rethinking cause i'm ... jbking ok ... so ... by 4th year course , do you mean that they're higher level courses ? or that the pre-reqs for those classes would typically take 4 years ? would you say this would apply to most ... william i am i wasn't sure that there was a thing or major just called pre-med . i was told it was just a general path or something .. thank you ! ! :) oh ok , i'll do that . jbking well , i guess it would depend on what types of scholarships i got . because i'm aiming for a full ride ( 34 on act ) , which is highly unlikely , but it might save a little bit of money , i'm not ... william i am i guess i'm thinking of microbiology right now because i'm kind of considering going into medicine . my sister is about to start med school and she recommended to do a science-y major so ... ok ... thank you very much ! i was already mainly leaning toward just taking the full 4 years , but just wanted to know why people recommend not to do it in 3 years . and i was kind of swayed by the ... random 2d thismustbetheplace what exactly is an internship ? is it like a research job / working in a lab ? how do you get an internship ? oh ok .. well , i'm kind of doubting i'll have too much of a social life anyway cause it's not likely i'll live in dorms and i'm really quite slow at making friends :P anyway ... i'm kind of thinking of ... arghh ... i have so many things i think of writing in this thread , but always feel stupid when they're written out ... aaahhh ! i'm sooo hopelessly confused about every freaking thing ! like really , i ... '