' did we ever get the final say on what she was ? ? ? isfp ... that's my guess i wear urban decay primer potion also and i found the wipes at sephora . they are by korres natural products so normally i wash my face to get my makeup and the dirt off but today i picked up these pomegranate cleansing and makeup wipes . they even take off eye makeup . i was pretty impressed with them and ... what do you find to be the most attractive trait in a person ? i like someone that can keep up with me or maybe even out smart me . do you like making music ? i dance and have since i was 3 . i ... don't you know since you are one ? he was on the list the other day that i saw ... tiger woods holy shitzel ... i was just kidding . he has been added to the intp list though ... blah let's see mine would be ... albert einstein darwin socrates jung aubrey i have seen you and you look feminine to me . i mean i don't look butch either but seriously have enough of the i hate some people tendencies to beat some ass . i'm just the type of girl that ... that it is : tongue : where did all this come from i want one on me ? ? ? i like the way you think ... hehe . intp's are amazing ! ! ! hugs for you today . : happy : so some of you health people give me new ideas on what to eat . shoot some recipes at me . i don't want to get bored with my foods . i made mango chicken over jasmine rice . i'm working out pretty ... i read the article on intp and was nodding my head up and down through most of it ... good job finding this ... : happy : i agree this motivates me more ... plus i have just felt so much better when i do work out . mindy and body are taking over . it's a new way of life . oh crap i watched another video after yours ... nevermind ... moving on ... sounds like intp to me ... 1 . you like to sit alone and observe what's going on around you in the cafeteria . when i sit by myself someone always ends up sitting by me ... 2 . you don't like to ... hang out with an intp ... lol . you can take my thinking away for me for a change . : laughing : welcome ! ! : happy : yeah if you have a good instructor and you make an effort to be there i think it's a good thing . i have a big dance background so it comes easy for me . i don't realize i'm working out b / c it's fun . ... [ / url ] [ url = http://s14.photobucket.com/albums/a318/rockchik21/hotties/johnny%20depp/?action=kodak&selectedMedia=johnnydepp-27.jpg&productType=tshirts ] so for a few months now i have been doing zumba at the ymca . for those that don't know what zumba is it's a fusion of latin and international music that creates a dynamic , exciting , and effective ... so i have been around here for a few days and there seems to some interesting intp's on here . so i am opening this up for whatever you have always wanted to ask an intp but never have ... anyone can ... k sweet ... i'm off to go read about these types ... it's probably a type that i never dated in all of my life ... lol . just curious what they say the so called matches are again for the intp ... thanks ! : mellow :: mellow : i <3 this thread ! :D welcome ! i was new a few days ago . how is the intp female expected to be feminine again ? ? ? i like black a lot ... i wear a ton of it . i also like a green emerald type of color . i'm a taurus though so i like earth tones . i always look good in red though . ohmigod you took the words right out of my mouth ... uhmmm i say spill it anyways ... i'm new to this stuff and maybe i already know i just need someone to list the stuff so i can see it clearly ... make sense ? she was an ex sometime back ... but yes before i was born ... my dad was shady . : confused : i can't either ... and i'm kind of a bitch to men and an even bigger bitch to women . girls have never liked me ... even before i was a bitch . i became a bitch because of women ... it grew stronger b / c ... good to know ... so for a woman that is intp ... that would mean she is not feminine enough ? ? ? besides being a female intp i also share the same birthday as freud . i'm probably pretty screwed , huh ? i get what your saying about how they look at you . i live in missouri ... lots of hicks ... sorry if anyone is offended but i have never taken on the accent of the ozarks here . i look like i could be ... thanks yeah i was named after my dad's ex gf . i did not know there was a ufc girl named that ... not sure what you want to know ... i enjoy dance . i have danced since i was 3 . i just got out of cosmetology school so i will be getting my license soon to do hair and makeup . i just found out a ... so what is the hang up of being an intp female ... nobody posted so i'm still waiting . newbie here ... so fill me in . thanks everyone ! ! thanks this will be post 10 i am an intp female ... and that is my photo on my avatar ... i'm new to this stuff ... tell me why it sucks ? thanks res : laughing : my name is leah and i'm new ... just kind of wondering and figuring out this site . i recently took the meyer's briggs test and discovered i was intp . i took another one on facebook and came out intp ... ha ... reading this just helped me realize i withdraw and process when i am in these situations . crack me up . '