' my father is an istp and i can attest to this . he has always been the eternally calm presence in our neurotic family of two infp's and an intp . he really does not seem to understand why we over-think ... if i am already interested and want to do the work , or if i've started my work and begun to become absorbed , i will want complete silence . but if it is something i am in no way interested in or ... from birth , i was obsessed with : george washington and abraham lincoln until age 6 , then the civil war for a couple years , then plantation history for a couple of years ( made my parents take me to ... i have an incredible lack of knowledge when it comes to sports in general . my husband also happens to have a football obsessed uncle who attempts to chat with me about it every time i see him .  ... i'm just curious if anyone else does this . when i have something important to work on , i often find that working on it in complete silence is a challenge . i obviously cannot focus if actual live ... is this an intp thing ? an introverted thinking thing ? i'll be in the middle of something i need to focus on and inevitably start pondering other things . then i get the overwhelming urge to drop ... what about mr . pitt , who was elaine's boss briefly on the show ? here's a compilation of the scenes featuring the character . i see some fi in his character , and he's definitely particular about ... i have three modes when it comes to dress : 1 . dressing for me : this is usually wearing very loose fitting clothing ( stretchy palazzo pants , yoga pants , t-shirts , tank tops ) and sandals or comfy ... mr . pitt is one of my favorite characters from seinfeld and i've been wondering what type he might be . here's a compilation of the scenes featuring the character . i see some fi in his character , and ... this was a great test . i got entj and i've suspected that i was probably an xntj . the word - personality analysis was surprisingly spot on . i made my husband take the test though and he for some ... it has dawned on me recently that four married couples and one serious couple i know well who adore one another are this combination . in all couples , the male is entp and the female is isfj . i see ... this is really interesting , mbti enthusiast . do you happen to know if this same type of information is available for the other types ? ha , currently trying to figure out if i'm istj or intj , as i seem to display the characteristics of both . i think i'm a kind person but i unfortunately really related to the crunching as many tasks ... ... although i may be too hasty in that assumption , mbti enthusiast . i would actually agree that i've inadvertently become the resident expert on several topics over the years among my friends . the ... mbti enthusiast you were pretty spot on with identifying the difference between my original post and the majority of replies relating to it . i'm an enneagram 135 tritype , and suspect that my main ... still pretty stumped on whether i'm using istj or intj functions , even after a second side by side analysis of the excerpts fern graciously shared . so if anyone has some insight , opinions , etc . , ... this may be information overkill , but i found this other questionnaire i filled out . i suppose it's better to have too much data rather than not enough . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you ... ok , here's a questionnaire : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? ... i also use the what was i thinking about / discussing when i parked the car ? thing to find my car in parking lots . i do discuss old memories , but mainly just one time and most of it is exclusively to ... i guess it would depend on the complexity of the problem but more often than not i would like some context . ha , i definitely do that too . after reading through this , i definitely relate much more to ni than to si . my husband read it through and also said that ni sounded spot on for me and si sounded nothing like me . so i may have my ... hmm , yellow is my favorite color and i like it fine on cars . what i think looks stupid on cars is orange and that neon green shade i see on some . well , i'm not really sure if i'm an istj or intj ( still trying to figure it out ) so i don't know if my two cents will enlighten anyone , but ... i cry at very weird things , when you consider what i ... thanks for all this info afterburner . i'll have to process this and compare them with one another . where do you think the info i shared regarding my memory fits in with this , if at all ? and also , ... curious as to if this is a thing with istjs as it seems to be with intjs . by obsession , i don't mean of the unhealthy stalker variety , but in the vein of getting so absorbed with an interest , hobby ... how could someone possibly be both istj and intj , if the functions are so different ? something i read about recently regarding istj vs intj was that they remember things very differently because they take in info and experiences differently . any thoughts on this ? as far as my ... thanks for this info fern . it is very interesting . unfortunately , i can relate to aspects of both , so i'm still a bit confused as to what functions i seem to be using . i will go back over them a ... not sure if this will help indicate type or function , but i figure it can't hurt to share it . i took a career aptitude test a couple months ago and these were my results : only bachelors required ... the si indicator would be that i do believe there is a right way to do everything and i am a creature of habit in doing things the way i've always known or learned them . an example would be the ... i've been researching all the types and functions affiliated . though there is an outside chance i could actually be an e instead of an i , i have narrowed the possibilities to these two . i'm ... http://youtu.be/EDEEzS7OV2k so i've been reading more in depth about the functions , and while i still think that intj and entj are strong possibilities , i'm now more open to the possibility of estj or istj . i do know that my te ... out of curiousity , pendit 76 , do you know what your enneagram type is ? i'm beginning to wonder if enneagram really has more bearing regarding this trait . that's the thing that gets me - - i don't like being alone for too long , but i can most definitely be drained by people after awhile ( maybe i phrased it misleadingly ) . i've heard the term ambivert of ... great analysis acerbusvenator - - i'll have to look into infp more . i just suggested this type to my husband and he told me he has a hard time believing i'm a perceiving type or a lead feeling type - - ... here's a copy / paste of info i shared on a thread last month . - i like to be very organized . if things are out of their place , they are lost forever . - i'm generally a neat and tidy person but ... intj and entj are the two results i've gotten taking multiple tests online . i've also studied all the types and functions and i'm pretty convinced i'm one of these two . i would say i am most ... so i have a ballpark of what mbti type i am ( which i will not share at first because i want some unbiased ideas ) but i'm trying to figure out if i'm one or another - - so here is a questionnaire to get ... i relate to everything you just said . the te makes sense to me . anyone else a control freak ? i feel the need to have full reign over the majority of things in my world , i believe there is a right way to do everything and though i can deal with surprises , i hate ... curious as to how gullibility plays in with the personality types . any thoughts on types / functions that seem to lean toward blind trust more than others ? hi , could i please have my name changed to : champagne wishes ? thank you i found and filled out a questionnaire so this may help : 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i have in the past taken the test a few times and i have scored 1 , 3 , ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i have in the past taken the test a few times and i have scored 1 , 3 , 5 and 8 , so i don't particularly have a type . but i relate to ... hello . i'm new to the forums . joined to hopefully find out my enneagram type or tritype . i look forward to talking more and if you have any interest in helping with my enneagram type , i've filled out ... i've taken many of the enneagram tests online and one in an enneagram book that i have . i've gotten types 1 , 3 , 5 and 8 different times , and i can relate to all of them . i'm wondering if there is ... she may be an e , although i teeter between thinking i'm an i and an e and i've always thought she was more introverted than i was . we could both possibly just be more introverted extroverts . couple more things : she recently came to a party at my house with lots of family and friends . she separated herself off in the other room with her daughter , not interacting anyone and wouldn't eat ... '