' what are some unique bible verses that you can consider symbolic of something important in life ? i enjoy the darker elements as a kind of recognition of fundamental conflict . sorry if any of the ... he is above the law . ∞ this song is sure to make the atmosphere much more interesting . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJXrq2qEPhc even though i highly advise against my own funeral , this video + song would make ... you may or may not agree with me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MFT4OgFxfes but perhaps i have simply spent too much time on the internet . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_jzuxM3O8M&feature=branded i have become very fond of this presentation . amazing setting and environment . anybody here familiar with the recent 2011 film with joel murray by darko entertainment ? it should be on netflix right now . i personally find it to be an amazing movie with its dark sense of ... lol ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5oVUqFF_mU how does this make you feel ? extroverts welcome to . and if link doesn't work for some reason , please reply . no , noob . they the ones that you find in your cereal boxes . ( frosted flakes is superior ) so , what comes to mind when considering politics as seen in media ? honestly , i watched that recent debate between david and ted just to mock them behind their backs , and what else can i do ? and i ... i'm placing this thread within the intellects section because i would like to gather intellects ' perspectives . with the title , who would you consider a criminal with significant historical action ? of ... hah , this topic has bothered me for quite the time . personally , i find my school encounters distasteful . when in the beginning sessions of school in elementary class and such , i became interested ... i like to think that personalities as we see them are factors of the evolutionary mind . there would be the perceptive functions and variations of them . lol , guess which function ( se , si , ne or ... living in a world full of thoughtless beings who all depend on miracles because of their tendacies to mismanage everything they get involved with . i would hate getting surrounded by a simple-minded , ... simply , the intj would win because he said so . the cabin in the woods film . i loved it . a lot . if you have seen it , just picture that oh shit ! i moment when the group of guards realized what was about to happen when the elevators open . as catagorized into the intj persona , i can say i am a variant different than you . i do indeed love to further my understanding in areas of interest , often with ambition and will to change reality ... i'd like to place emphasis on the bug by magnetic man . http://m.youtube.com/index?desktop_uri=%2F&gl=US#/watch?v=aJXrq2qEPhc take evolution higher ...   ... oh and also . much of ... i'm thinking if whether or not i will proceed . what makes me cry : how the world is a beautiful cluster of great potential and yet people have managed to screw it all up . oh yes i know what you mean . lol ... the whole concept was great though , with the philosophy of time travel stuff and all . very tragic , with a great plot . i love those mind screw movies where the main ... haha , lol . i will be sure to monitor your life , and make any avenging as needed . but yeah , too bad everyone here is considered equal until one can prove their value by ranking up in the higher ... eh ... i didn't make enough concern to actually fix it realistically . if anything i would have much different ideas for conquering the world . remember this is a silly thread . to get serious i would ... i would like to introduce here a thread in which you may place your various silly plots that may have a sprinkle of intrigue . i say silly because of course no nt type wants to reveal the true plot , ... that is all i need to share . oh and a more universal annoyance , the general ignorance and short-sighted attempts of civilization when the truth is people are morons . our elders are amateurs , our educated are fools , and even our ... what pisses of intjs ? perhaps when you are in an even more quiet mood than usual , in which all you want is complete peace and silence . but your non-intj peer thinks it is his obligation to break the ... you know you're an intj when the only time you agree with another person is during role play . ( random ) you know you're an intj when you spend a good amount of your time thinking about how you ... i'll admit i admire the robot analogy , but i thought i would post this . or say , i was programmed to . besides , robots may have just as much intelligence as people in general do , being like programs ... great reply , i'll be sure to thank you . well , english class is a good source for we intjs are masters at such . we waste hours of class time discussing symbolism and defining the concept of tragedy . i always made 100s on spelling / grammar ... eh , all that applys to me anyways . i'd rather be a praying mantis and have my head sexually devoured with eggs . i like turtles ... ! does any other intj kind of dislike the robot / intj comparison , and of course we're not robots ( right ? ) ? my reason being that robots are slaves , very unlike intjs , and such a nickname is rather ... yeah , the meaning associated with underachieving may vary . i have never liked to put much effort in work unless it was an ideal challenge . i never was an over-achiever but often a high-achiever . i ... uh ... i really like the third response where i'm some kind of dragon / praying mantis hybrid for master of visibility . i like to have things well thought out . i mostly avoid acting on risks and impulses , often with complex plans envisioned in my mind . i am difficult to be deceived or manipulated , for i easily ... well , here i am . i have been using typology for a while now , and i like the way this site is organized . i am very familiar with carl jung's work and the following mbti research , and have fully ... '