' sexual : 45 self-preservation : 30 social : 29 925 - the problem-solver i'd love to help ! feel free to message me . ^ . ^ maybe this can just be it ! nanan's house ~ lavender silhouette and mauve-carpet daydreams wide-eyed yet half-blind oh , let's go discover the backyard again it's okay if we fall there's a pillow of moss just beneath ... acquiescence ~ a trader tilled so a traitor killed from a feeble leaf fallen to the dust of my own will voice of liquid velvet gently cradle me to sleep lead me by the breeze for i was always ... pulchritude ~ the storm of inhibited truth swims beneath the surface of your eyes the steady flame of conviction a tone once-mellifluous-turned-hot the urgency of repressed love in an ... if not , there should be . this isn't just nf domain , after all . i'll share if you do ! i like him ! this made me feel good about myself . you are a prophet soul you are a gentle soul , with good intentions toward everyone . selfless and kind , you have great faith in people . sometimes this faith can lead to disappointment in the long ... haha , wow ! ! even if i wanted to , he'd hate that . people who do that so quickly usually aren't looking for commitment . unless you were joking ... in that case , forget everything i just said . xd it's just so hard for me to move on when i know there's still a possibility there . my stupid all-or-nothing tendencies ; _ ; my infj romantic interest is 162 . my infp best friend is 174 . 925 :) love these :) i'm always magnetically attracted to one-to-one guys , and i seriously crave a relationship like that ! i'll keep dreaming ... i actually had this conversation with him recently . this is some of what he's said ( in response to me spilling everything in a text ): it is painfully obvious . but that's okay . that's just the way ... you guys , i've been pursuing an infj , sx 162 male who has horrible trust issues due to a bad relationship , claims to want a committed relationship but is too afraid to get close . everything he claims ... so / sp 6w5 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhZzEE-Q2JA sx / so 9w1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Graa_Vm5eA sp / sx 9w1 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SXB--SDOEto so / sx 7w6 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pp0mNFr1iNw sp / sx 6w7 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZO3gWIGzH3A i absolutely love this song , bon iver , and the fact that you picked my type . man , you're good . 84378 2w1 ~ 84388 7w6 ~ 84373 9w1 ~ 84374 8w9 ~ 1 - treating others with fairness and equality is incredibly important to me . that's probably my biggest moral code . 2 - this is the second in my tritype , so of course there is a lot of 2 in me ... yes yes yes i've been obsessed with love since i was a kid . it's almost constantly on my mind , my biggest motivation . to some , this might make me appear desperate , but i wouldn't call it that , ... i just think i would be seriously unsatisfied and annoyingly emotionally needy if i were with anyone who's not a sexual-dominant . i'm magnetically attracted to them anyway . i don't think secondary ... thank you ! ^ . ^ it's interesting to know what my type tends to end up with . i actually find myself attracted to estp sevens for the most part , followed by esfp sevens , but anything could happen . i'm ... i'm afraid it's too late ... listening to mewithoutyou and getting ready to visit my baby brother in jail ... o . o me plz ? :) 925 yes it won't let me capitalize this but yes . but i have two 7 brothers and the way the parent is depicted is vastly different in the two descriptions . my mom really wasn't benevolent towards ... i love your hair ! i don't really wanna take the time to reply to all of this right now xd but i did read all of the responses , thank you . sexual / self-preservation - words of affirmation & physical touch i think i just died . i'm kind of the same way . i'm on a tablet right now doing multiple things , so i dunno if iming would work too well , but i'll message you on here , and maybe we can do that another time . :) omg , ... yes , let's do it . ^ . ^ are you talking messaging or like a type interaction video ? i do know what i believe is an istj just online , but i honestly never got to know her well , because , in ... i impressed an entj ; my life is complete . y'all are hard to win over . ( i did say that i didn't need your approval ... but i do like it ... fe , hello ) :p roud : wait . you're a doctor ? this made me laugh so hard . oh , you istp , you entp : 7 intp : 6 entj : 4 intj : 2 enfp : 5 infp : 8 enfj : u infj : u it's okay . any type is capable of closed-mindedness . one of the most closed-minded people i knew was an intp . he was an extreme ideologue and compared my conservative friend to hitler for opposing ... would you feel good if ... lol , is talking to me in such a condescending manner really necessary ? you must think that i need your approval to feel good ... wrong . i never said it was because of ... he's a stereotypical conservative , minus the religion that tends to go along with that ( especially with the older ones ) surprisingly . i mean economic conservatism does seem well-suited for te though ... lol , i was like , is he for real ? it's just my experience that communication tends to be much more difficult with them . i do talk to an entj sometimes , and we get along fairly well , because we ... we really do . we talk about politics pretty often . '