' i graduated last year from college and now i'm doing an apprenticeship . after i graduated from college , i applied for several office jobs and nothing . i then looked at the trades because to be ... i'll call them out , and i'll lose respect for them for not keeping their word . i've completely stopped talking to friends who have let me down . who wants a friend that can't keep their word ? from the sound of it , it seems like you've seen some signs . you might want to start connecting some dots to get a legitimate answer . well , maybe he is in the closet and you're just a front . do you just lay there and play dead when you guys have sex ? that would be the only reason why i wouldn't want to have sex . i was just messing with him , mr . sensitive . i highly recommend the fall of giants by ken follett . the book is fiction , but it's based on events that led up to wwi . i'm sure you are over this by now , but just learn from that experience and don't let that happen again . i'm gonna have to confiscate your man card , sir . it depends on the strain , some do that . i recommend you checkout leafly.com before buying weed . that way you'll know the effects of the strain . if you want to stop thinking , just smoke some pot . it works every time . you will never catch me without some . how is greeting someone you know seeking approval ? if i've talked to you before , i'll say what's up , it's not because i seek approval . if someone i don't know says hi to me , i just raise my ... this is what i got . enneagram type 8 - the challenger i have a favorite fast food chain for pizza , fried chicken , mexican food , hamburgers , etc pizza : domino's fried chicken : dinah's fried chicken mexican : king taco hamburgers : everest andre johnson ( nfl ) - istp marshawn lynch ( nfl ) - istp frank gore ( nfl ) - istp dee gordon ( mlb ) - istp derek rose ( nba ) - istp kiko alonso ( nfl ) - istp josh gordon ( nfl ) - istp 5 . - - - weapons - - - . 22 rifle for small game . 323 rifle 9mm handgun 12 gauge shotgun lots of ammo for each gun ammo can be used to barter machete bowie knife oh yes , every bodybuilder in the world thinks they are unstoppable and nothing can stop them . how did you conduct such study that proved your theory ? trolling for feedback ? how old are you 5 ? are you retarded ? he was making money , in case you didn't know . smoke that shit . get a gym membership . you'll make plenty of friends there , especially if you workout consistently . where's the thought it was gay option ? what your uncle said about jews is true , it's not a conspiracy . if you do some research you will find out that they control the media and the money . inventor of adhd's deathbed confession : adhd is a fictitious disease yes . good advice , but rookies should still do isolations after their compound workouts , no need to wait 2 years . so , what do you guys like / hate about us ? you need a doctorate degree to do that . you sound immature too . that's a pretty good strain . i have some xxx og right now and that's master kush x pre - 98 bubba kush . i recommend it . do you have a mmj card ? the manliest personality type is the istp , that's a fact . cannabis connoisseur checking in . what are some of your favorite strains ? why , didn't you tell him you would drive ? http://l.yimg.com/bt/api/res/1.2/098v4ejBjH6ip5MTawcc9A--/YXBwaWQ9eW5ld3M7cT04NTt3PTYzMA--/http://l.yimg.com/os/publish-images/news/2013-12-18/96b6b2c5-6d78-45ad-bb1b-ff7e18d84604_rob-1.gif this guy gives the best gun reviews . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pn613oejWHg you can use a 9mm for combat and home defense it will get the job done . not sure why you said it's not good for anything else ... sour whiskey when you've decided what gun you want shop around . some shops will try to rip you the fuck off so watch out . i've come across people like that . the reason they do it is because they think they know more than you . money , tools , gun , weed . 9mm cz sp - 01 , cz - 75 b , beretta 92a1 , beretta 92fs , glock 34 ( polymer frame ) , smith & wesson m & p9 ( polymer frame ) . you can check the guns out on this website budsgunshop.com we're screwed . just look at the way people behave for material possessions . how will people behave when shtf and they are starving ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RYca0rtZOgk dude i've been waiting for the cz sp - 01 for almost 3 years ! if i didn't live in california i would've gotten the cz sp - 01 phantom already . hey everyone ! do any of you guys own guns ? if so , what brand and caliber . i have a cz 75bd 9mm and remington 870 tactical 12 gauge shotgun . old thread , but well said . nope . back and chest ? this is how i break down my workouts sun-chest , traps , abs monday-off tuesday-bi's , tri's , abs wednesday-legs , forearms thu-off fri - back , shoulders , traps sat-sprints do any other istps have a similar walk to mine ? i'm on the right 86028 for things that i'm interested in i'll go online , read books , or ask people questions . when i have to study for school i procrastinate and find any excuse to stop studying . i'll study for 10-15 ... i hate it . here's a similar thread http://personalitycafe.com/istp-forum-mechanics/46300-clubbing.html i don't really like to go on walks unless i have a destination . like other people have said , stop worrying about what other people think about you . '