' this place is a living time capsule , it's been years since i last checked in . i think i'm growing up . i'm not so worried about the future any more as i am about just going about my day and just hitting small victories consistently . day after day . life still throws shit my ... reading and reading and reading . this gluttonous feast for my eyes doesn ’ t quite satisfy the void in my chest . i ’ m forced to reckon with the issue that ’ s been plaguing me over the last couple of ... do you think that cats were spawned by the devil himself ? the few points that come to mind : * the plot of the count of monte cristo feels pretty sublime as a back story to fuel an infp antagonists ' actions . * there could be the miscommunication and ... alright infpsx 85 what is john thinking ? eh , you're guess is better than mine . we're not mind readers lady , and to really read into a crystal ball requires a gratuitous donation of cold hard cash ... i feel like a 1-3 on most days . though my feet are absolutely horrendous , damn those years of boot wearing and boot stomping for miles on end . seriously though ... i feel like my feet are the ... i've been working on my memoir quite a bit lately , just seems like a sudden impetus that i'm going to keep forgetting the last 8 years of my life . in a disturbing twist i remember more when i'm ... passion and careers intertwining have always been a crapshoot in my experience . you may land a job you thought you'd love and hate every waking moment of it , actually come to appreciate and enjoy a ... first round of exams are done . work is still a pain in the ass but more enjoyable . cheers for not having to deal with the elements . i've got a little bit of cash and pay day is this thursday . ... as a person , i can respect his accomplishments . as an actor ... oh the travesty , i've seen wooden planks exude more bravado . there is a lot that could be said for internal motivation ... the law of diminishing returns , tangible vs . intangible benefits , deterministic influences , barriers to entry , life choices , etc . about ... atheism doesn't require anything other than a disbelief in a theistic deity . i'm not attacking the idea itself but rather the method a lot of people tend to construct their argument around . ( i ... i really really really loathe getting involved in religious debate . i think it is one of the lowest forms of mental masturbation available when you group together with a bunch of opposing beliefs ... ^ this guy gets it ... http://media.giphy.com/media/pHb82xtBPfqEg/giphy.gif i wouldn't worry about it , just another quip to the infp description that may or may not hold for a single person . to let you in a dirty little secret , i usually drink when i know i'm going to be ... quite well peasant , but you shall have to excuse me for i have affairs to meddle into and rainbows to chase perhaps with the reward of swooning a damsel in distress . yip yip ! going to rob a jewelry store and tell ' em to make me a grill #flashbacks https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UQu2woQDK-c damn straight , those trips to the bar with a bunch of grunts has provided all the debauchery a guy needs for a lifetime . though my rep might change a bit if i started sharing the stories of flirting ... so there's now a rumor about me making it's rounds at work . apparently i've been sleeping with my supervisor and sneaking off during work time to mess around . i laughed at the absurdity at ... i've got about four of them , two or three of them are a fairly considerable size and noticeable if i take my shirt off . two of them were just kind of whatever , i'll get them to signify yeah ! ! ! ... some days i really wish morgan freeman would narrate my day to day activities . somehow the act of eating a pb & j just sounds more appealing to this thought . i don't take the mbti as seriously as others may . it does have some utility in understanding others , but people in general are complex and take a lifetime to truly understand . what i do like is ... i'm certain of only a few things in my life so far as to what i want . i want to road trip across america on a motorcycle . i want to enlist in the french foreign legion . i want to publish ... have you thought of self-publishing ? there's a multitude of ways to go around that . publisher's seem to be on the way out wailing and crying due to the short circuiting of distribution because of ... everybody around me seems to have damn panic attack every time a news piece over ukraine or isis pops up . granted it's an interesting situation and reminds me of realpolitik way way back towards the ... in my experience , those requirements of being sociable , assertive , taking initiative ... etc . they all come down to two major things in layman's terms that you can't really put down on paper . don't ... i'm going for an applied mathematics undergraduate possibly coupled with a minor in russian and computing . i've started to really appreciate math in the last couple of years , particularly in how ... i threw my hands up in the air trying to type all the bullshit in my head . here's the culmination of everything i want in the world .  ... i was told i look like enrique iglesias today by my eyes and smile which was flattering ... until she added the part that if i had his kind of money she'd be all over me . ah , the joys of working ... are humans good or evil by nature ? by nature i think people in general want to connect with others and feel a sense of community . without this , i don't think good or evil exists . otherwise the ... well this thread is fairly unique compared to similar ones . seems like i'm reading my own thoughts 8 years back . to get straight to the point , damn near anybody can do the job after going ... telepariah & claude hit the idea head on with what they have to say on this in my view . pain has it's own utility in this world for building character and developing an individual . the emotion ... just a few of my favorite old haunts you might catch me at ... literally speaking in a figurative sense . most comfortable out of habit . there's an osmosis like mechanism when an individual ... i've considered the peace corps at multiple points in my life as an option after i complete my education , there are certainly some tangible benefits and drawbacks . unfortunately as i get closer ... reading a historical narrative by john kerr about the love triangle involving spielrein , jung and freud . i'm still in the beginning , but so far it's managed to hold my attention . the background ... within the last couple of months a handful of people keep mentioning that i need to see the va . which to be honest does not bother me much , even if they were pushy about that . i may not be aware ... i've been single for the past six years , sooo take my opinion with a pinch of salt ... better yet , take the whole bottle . anyways ... this is my take on the whole deal , infp , love , ... at the moment i'm churning out some poems by a the poet rumi in his big red book . lots of wisdom eloquently compacted into that tome . i'd recommend that for some morning reading . on that little ... swole latte ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KSwS-Ax_pL8 you're not being specific enough and you lack vision with these answers . society , govt . , or any other fabricated bullshit will never be able to give you a path to be happy . that is a ... tater pacer eastern influence ? ? ? expand on this . otherwise everything else is straight forward . do you mean slav brah ready throw down a litre of vodka and endless slang russkiy style ? ? ... i'm quite positive i saw a guy on a bicycle strolling down my street with a katana sheathed at his side today . just when you think you've seen it all . moped drool caffeinebro-the ability to live solely off of exorbitant amounts of coffee & energy drinks ... only to remain in a constant state of hypersensitivity and insomnia .  ... i'm a seriously impatient guy . a couple of grants are posted on my financial aid board , but i'm still waiting for a few loans to be processed . really it comes down to one things ... i wants my ... '