' one sentence is too restrictive to accurately portray an description of ourselves . when a person replies to your status update with and gets around 25 likes / approvals . when you get into a debate with a friend about a particular topic , get home , research it to find out if you were wrong on any particular aspect , print off supporting evidence and then show them to ... anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new . albert einstein when you want to fool the world , tell the truth . otto von bismarck every great advance in science has ... nevermind .. college humour is great , especially their current event / videogame parodies . person : i hate x me : why ? person : just because ... if you're going to hate something , at least have a valid reason for it .. since i'm now officially an intj i suppose i'll post here : serenity star wars ( iv-vi ) 2001 a space odyssey star trek 2009 inception bladerunner back to the future trilogy dr horrible's ... http://img407.imageshack.us/img407/6054/1283385412132.jpg wait what sort of questions are they ? multi choice ? if so i can see how it's easy for him to get as without studying . my favourite television series and movie of all time . i actually changed my name to malcolm reynolds on facebook ( and couldn't change it back ) ! . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUn-eN8mkDw ... wow , epic . although i'm a little disappointed at the pikcahu model . mother - esfj father - enfj brother - esfp extroverted feelers , kind of explains why they kept on forcing me to go out side and go find someone to play with rather than read a book . :( ) gorram ( gorram the 10 character length ! ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUn-eN8mkDw http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zi0pad6nRdg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ud83soZpEj4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lSxy8h6Iz-4&feature=related inception . easy : http://www.impawards.com/2005/posters/serenity.jpg yup , i will not be confined to such limitations . sheldon cooper . river tam simon tam malcolm reynolds house dr manhattan nerd and proud of it . omg i just gots this new videogame and its like uber pwnsome .  ... i can't do this . i think i'm going to barf . when you read that carbon is boring and suddenly you feel the need to list the reasons why carbon isn't boring and actually a quite fascinating element but can't be stuffed doing so . http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_cCL3Taq_MoE/Sd_zrMWgEkI/AAA9o/597E6i8ipGc/s320/Green+Day_american+idiot.png are you allowed to feel the bowls before choosing them ? ( ie lift them up etc ) since the hour hand moves half a degree per minute ( after 3 hours it moves 90 degrees . 90/180 mins = 1/2 ) i don't think that it would be a full hour since it would have moved 30 degrees which would ... i grinned at the performance . i laughed at the audience expressions . that would be the correct answer yes . hahaha , i remember solving this before lol , its quite a clever question . wait , does he not know if the younger one is the liar , middle is mischievous and elder one is the truth teller or does he not know which girl is which by looking at them ? if it is the latter then i ... difficult question here , i will not have time to do such an analysis when i'm in the middle of this situation . but since i'm on a computer i may as well analyse it . this is coming from a selfish ... i don't think this is associated with type much but i get irritated when someone says lol in real life.as in they actually say the anagram lol as a word in speech conversations . ugh discriminating against people because of their type is quite frankly stupid . why do you assume that all estjs / esfjs are the same ? anyways , welcome to the forum . sounds contradictory doesn't it ? but a laissez faire market doesn't ensure the basic rights of workers . nor do i have any faith in the invisible hand of the market that is supposed to kick in once ... pragmatism would be the best choice for me , but since that is not possible i'm probably a libertarian that doesn't like the laissez faire market / invisible hand of the market and want some government ... + 50 male angles this task tested your ability to identify the angle of a line by matching it with its twin . this is a spatial task , which looks at how you picture space . your score : 20 out of ... i like the concept of objectivism . the only problem is that she keeps on trying to put a free market ideology into an otherwise logical structure . top : deep hard line that is straight across and curves towards the index finger , has criss crosses that can be seen . middle : initally it starts off as one branch / two branches and ... not necessarily , since a lot of artists put the lyrics on the little book that comes with the cd , so these could be the official lyrics . i know green day does this . although your request is ... so what you classsify me as ? i know i'm definitely not istp . university time next year too . hopefully its much more flexible than high school . this is me when my ne takes over . basically the two scenarios are from before and after our biology exam . one of my acquaintances lets call him ryoo said this is ready to seek his revenge and ... i don't even see why we need to have fb integration . though i suppose some people would want that ... so yeah , make it optional . i don't argue . i debate . ( i'm assuming by arguing there is something do with emotions involved . if that definition is incorrect , i shall post a different reply ) germophiles unite ! let messiness and chaos rule . definitely . still don't understand why i do it though . russell peters . apathy motivates me . :d ry : i love the theories of math , but when comes to actually doing the exercises ? no thank you . i'm addicted to my computer if that counts . what do you find to be the most attractive traits in a person ? i would like people to have an open mind but be also pragmatic in their decisions . i enjoy people who have a good curiosity and ... are you absolutely sure you're not istp ? of course not , i'm not even sure of my own existence , nor am i sure that the whole world isn't just an rpg and everyone else is a non playable character ... '