' ^ ^ ^ loved this . plus lavendersnow white cat pose . read coming up for air by george orwell . a middle-aged man disappears for a week back to his childhood town / village . recommended . disappearing wouldn't be to see if someone would come to ... didn't he ? well maybe that would be too unreal to have a dad like that , like something out of the movies ... but if you spoke those words , accept the truth of your own words ... as you say , many ... not understanding the ppps . pink political photos . maybe infjs should give their views and opinions more ... from the heart and the mind ... a dilemma though ... i like . but whats with the mickey mouse holding hands with the scary creature in front of the burning car ? well i thought what you said was deeply poetic . and if your dad truly said something like that you are truly blessed . coming from the deep south ( of south london , england , lol ! ) i thought what you ... problems with giving opinions ? sometimes i'm happy to and will fight for them . other times less so , because : - 1 . my deepest views and values - that i will be misunderstood or judged . this ... p . s . i don't follow politics in the states much , though we have lots of pictures of trump in our newspapers who are ' shocked ' with some of his remarks . however , perhaps in true infj style - i think ... i'm from the uk and for me the word liberal has become more and more a pejorative term . for me , political liberals live in a privileged world usually cut off from real difficulty . but they still ... as i understand it , ni is not always immediately ' verbal ' . our instant intuition can be fast but perhaps relatively unconscious , at least to begin with . so you get an impression of something , a ... i think my post had two agendas , reflected in the answers ... first , sorry to go on a bit ! but i was distressed by counsellor's reaction . i guess ( fe ) tried to smooth it over at the time . it ... st elmos and hppygirl , thank you for your comments . i was taken aback too that the counsellor didn't understand what i was getting at and seemed to immediately go down the ' pathology ' road . it ... nabbit , for a few years i tested infp , before sudden change to infj which has remained the same for a long time . generally i would guess infjs - fairly open , expressive-faces-trying-not-to-give-too-much-away but failing miserably . i am sometimes taken back at how closed , flat and expressionless many peoples ' ... interesting . for the record , i should add i think overall i feel born this way , so a strong disposition i would say , though with society and family expectations playing their part . but i am ... i saw another thread recently called fe is magic on auxillary function feeling extrovert , which was interesting . in it , the poster referred to an article of the same name by stellarmaze , which i ... just wondering . i showed a new counsellor i saw only a few times a page of infj material . she seemed to think it explained what was wrong with me as a result of my childhood , which she knew ... thanks hppygirl ! i am glad you kinda get where i am coming from . another book arrived on my doorstep yesterday . the orphan : a journey to wholeness by audrey punnett , in case it is of interest to ... yep , agree about being aware already , at least to some degree . but my added extra-take is that maybe we also miss stuff e . g . appreciation ! maybe sometimes - equally - people might find it ... thanks to everyone's contributions . further thoughts on this ... those brain cells are sure working hard ! i was reading about jungian archytypes yesterday * . i think that kind of feeds into ... so very much what rather unusual says here , it kindof explains what i think i am trying to get at . and why perhaps we sometimes feel so isolated . also really appreciate what umop 3pisdn and mystiko ... yeah , lol , when i get attention / appreciation / validation - i can feel quite confronted at times and don't really want it ! ! ! its like it messes with my flow ... but it can be nice if done ... first off , just feeling a bit sorry for myself this afternoon :-/ i was just wondering why infjs often feel unappreciated and unseen , and if anyone could shed any light on this . i think perhaps ... thinks : fgs , stop boasting about your kids ! says : nothing thinks : why do you think you're so great ? says : nothing thinks : god , why , why why on earth are you so bossy ? how does anyone around ... [ quote = khiro ; 2443879 4 ] i was , but then i experienced what it's like to be hated and it's not as awful as i expected . i actually think it strengthens you a great deal because you're forced to accept ... [ quote = tthomas ; 2422578 6 ] ... because infj people's hidden agenda is to be healthy ... interesting tthomas , i kindof get that agenda , though i can't put it into words exactly ... but thank you ... personally , i don't have a lot of people running up to me for free therapy , which is a shame as i have a lot to offer , lol ! infj's can be a little standoffish you know , maybe we look like we might ... ^ this . this new year i was around a lot of different people at a gathering . the people nice and really enjoyed some of it . but when people are rude , bossy , or boring - i do feel like i need to ... oops ... i think i said these are the questions one should ask oneself . hppygirl's comment , reminded me of an article shameless and loveless i read a year ago . it argues that sexual shame is a good thing and that it can have a protective value . it is a schutzgefühl ... i also wonder if infjs more likely to be single . i am in my 50s , and have been single all my life . to be honest , i wish i had realised it earlier on and made more of it in a way . though i think ... yes , i think that is what i was trying to say ... and the downside of tying you down to obligation to convention or as i read yesterday a quote from anais nin i disregard the proportions , ... i'm from uk , but always found this american expression fascinating . i believe it has its origins in political policy sponsorship , lol . for me it means , you are given a reality in which you are ... i loved the dubliners , one of my favourite short stories ever . i did read hesse in my teenage years - i found him somehow . probably in a library here in the uk - who knows how infjs find what ... yes , i think i totally get what you say fabi ! the quiet , inner knowing of childhood before we had to learn fancy words to explain ourselves ! i sometimes still feel it . and i think it is a great ... i have found what helps is to keep going . having an enquiring spiritual mind can be a great blessing . i finally found my faith and my truth ( catholic ) . albeit after many atheistic and eastern ... 1 . have you ever considered suicide ? regularly i think , especially from mid-life onwards , though mostly vague and passing . its usually to do with pain and related feelings . 2 . have you ever ... mostly true . i was in a supermarket this morning , buying biscuits , and talking to an employee as i tried to pick them up . an impatient couple strode up ; the woman said something and the man ... interesting thread ! i have a thing about wolves too . and owls and snowy owls ! and i like horses very much though i have no contact with them . things i might do: 1 . try to work out if there's anything i can do . i will either think about it , go on forums , google it , very occasionally seek advice ( though usually advice doesn't help much ) , ... gosh . just come off the phone to my son's school . not being kept informed of anything by the school office . staff member being passive aggressive and stupid and refusing to take responsibility ... i had a strange realisation last night ... i'm a typical sensitive infj plus been in difficult circumstances many times in my life , perhaps partly through my idealism , partly fate . i know i ... ^ ^ ^ you may be right , it may be the kinder gentler option ; it could be that simple . i agree its always about putting themselves over others too . i have reflected a bit more , and suspect that ... i kinda don't like to get involved . but if i do something in the real world , i . e . step outside my home and open my mouth ( ! ) my experience has been you ... get ... involved . i do like to ... i think we also find it completely confusing when people behave badly for no obvious reason , when we never would ( if we could in any way help it anyway ) . maybe that's the crux ! we're just totally ... columbo . what else ? ! intherockies , thank you . i read your link thread makingcuts , and was , like , wow . the entj door slam is mostly simple , quick and painless . they don't look back , or even sideways . ... i have been thinking about this quite a lot recently . i came across the idea of infj ' door slam ' a few months ago , and its been quite an eye-opener . i realise there are several issues at work ... '