' i'm currently rooting around in the forum , looking for a place to rant . i think this thread is as good as any ! i have a friend who asks me to go with her to a bunch of events and stuff that i do ... i got reformer ( vdi-s ) . nature : 53 % visionary tactics : 77 % diligent energy : 68 % introverted identity : supporting interesting - - thanks for bringing it to our attention , steadfast 04 ! but ... everyone's mom is isfj , are they not ? ! : rolleyes : oh hey , inregardstomyself ! how are you today ? asking for a friend , huh ? are you asking for your bff rose ? : wink : i look 12 ! ! ! :D :D :D - isfj who is being a big lurker how i recognize fe in myself ... i care sooo much about how things that happen affect other people's feelings . i want to make sure everyone is feeling okay all the time . my most-used phrase when ... after a break-up i need space ! no contact with my ex - - just polite distance and time . i need to turn my attention back to my own life and regain energy , sense of hope , and purpose . i've been ... i've experienced most of these struggles , but right now in my life being assertive , being overwhelmed with conflict , and stressing over the uncertainty of the future are what i'm dealing with . i want ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eT70RUV_9rw&list=PLZovIqon2N4KLOh4sSI27PHBJb0p1_1t3 angel olsen's album burn your fire for no witness : blushed : i read through this and went to go thank it only to learn that i had already thanked it . : rolleyes : hehe ! i've been decluttering and reorganizing my closet space and storage boxes over the past few ... this is a rant from an isfj who's trying to find the right sort of person to date and settle down with . erm how do i put this ... my last three romantic relationships have been with nf types , and i ... i've been known to make others wheeze with laughter and to make beverages ( or in the case of my brother one time , soup ! ) come out of their noses . ;D yes . this . i keep reading that s outnumbers n out there in the world , and i'm like ... anecdotally in my life , no ! i am surrounded by n's . i really do appreciate what they bring in the way of ... i just wanted to say that i really appreciate this thread . this is stuff i spend a lot of time thinking about and trying to figure out for myself , so it's helpful to read perspectives from other isfj ... haaalp ! assuming they have not been severely censored in their upbringing , infjs are generally happy to share their feelings and perspectives . in fact , given the right opportunity , infjs will ... i'm sensitive to hearing criticism , even if it's not directed at me . hearing people level a lot of criticism just wears me out ! type 6 : when they are being ‘ testy ’ , support them with genuine reassurance to ease their anxiety rather than trying to win the argument . this is so accurate ! just last week i discovered that i ... isfjs are cuuute ! 522121 favorite musician = kaki king 522129 mini golf on the side of a mountain 522137 me and my cat , indigo . we hang out ! sure , i'll bite ! 1 . what's your age / age range ? 28 years young 2 . where are you located ? ( city , state , country , region ) tennessee , usa 3 . what's your current occupation / job / career ? admin ... the album dopamine by børns are you ... overwhelmed by all the possible things i could be referring to ? : laughing : i mean like i'm doing nothing at work and then all of a sudden four different requests come in at the same ... is anyone else feeling easily overwhelmed ? kate bush's the dreaming https://youtu.be/JWy8nONlh_Q i love that you've been posting more recently , teddy 564339 ! about the whole 6th sense about other people and not being able to translate that sense into valid arguments - - yes . omg yes . i ... i can attest to both the statement about healthy infjs expressing love and to the challenge of emotional exhaustion . i've been in a relationship with an infj ( who is moderate in introversion and ... it's been quite a while since i've had a long flight . on the short ones , i either read a book the entire time or just zone out and think / daydream . i usually travel alone ; i don't know under what ... who me ? oh , i don't have a question . i just popped over to say that i'm in a romantic relationship with an infj , and it's amazing . she's amazing ! :p roud : carry on , friends ! aw , man ! i wanted to like you , slothpop . ( it's okay , i can get quite annoyed by xsfjs as well . ) off topic , i really appreciated something you posted in the type 6 forum about feeling equal in ... haha ! you know you're an intj when you doubt whether the people who claim to be are intj are , in fact , intj ? ;) it does seem to be a popular type to talk about somehow . i have at least one confirmed ... my mind is really so boggled by this right now . where are these supposedly common sensors ? ? almost everyone around me is an n ! i'm starting to think it's because my interests are relevant to the big ... dear isfp , you are my best friend , and i love you sooo much ! ! ! sorry not sorry about being so mushy today . : kitteh : love , isfj when your friends from different parts of your life are all around one table , enjoying each others ' company , and you feel the highest delight over having brought them all together ! ! my thought was , i bet angelcat replied to say she doesn't drink . i see you , girl ! : tongue : good , stay out of trouble . i think about this often , and honestly i have absolutely no idea which type i would get on best with in a romantic relationship . i've dated an infp , enfj ( so many difficult differences for me ) , and ... usually fairly happy ( although i can be sad depending on my emotional state going in ) and verrry chatty . any thoughts that i've been carefully suppressing the urge to say out loud around people ... people making statements about me / my personality , especially in a group setting , like they know me when they really don't . one coworker said , you're such an intj ; you just want to work at your ... i may have been primed by seeing angelcat's comment first , but yeah . the bmw . i like my sedans kind of sporty ( and you can quote me on that ) . haha johnson.han . 3 that was a funny reply . thatkillsme when i first joined perc , my avatar was a cute little chameleon . i have since morphed into the gentle young stag you see before you now ... ugh , double-post . thanks ! yeah , i wondered right before signing up for the class how helpful it would actually be . i can organize information ( plot ) all day long , but will it actually help me get the thing written ? in ... everyone's responses sound so fun ! this summer i'm going to do a bit of traveling to a couple of places i've never been , continue to reach out to people to develop friendships , continue to work on ... hanging around some types , comparatively , i seem like a pessimistic grumpus . around others i have the best social skills . how i perceive myself can change depending on who i'm with , it seems ... shoegaze , yesss ! ! good stuff ! my friend introduced me to this song , you might like it : https://youtu.be/r1ll91YBdVE lizw 47 it appears that you arrived before spring ! i'm sure it will be along shortly ... ? welp , here are some photos of this isfj ... 293162 it snowed in late february and again in early march this year . snow days are rare where i live ! 293146 silly ! so dainty ! ! thank you , whateverlolawants . that's interesting , i dated an infp , and when it was over she moved on really fast . i actually thought we were still kind of in the gray area until she told me . then of ... i like to label things and people and put them in boxes . i know it might feel limiting to some of you , but it gives me a sense of order and peace of mind . i don't listen to pop music , and i have pretty particular tastes . i like a lot of ambient music - - music that acts as a soundtrack to my thoughts and the world when i'm driving or out walking . and i ... so , i just got out of a romantic relationship . i've dated about 4 or 5 people total in my life , and after those relationships ended the other person has found someone new to date before i have . i ... '