' i have this happen to me a lot too . people i've only spoken to maybe three times will feel comfortable talking about issues going on in their personal lives . for whatever reason , people also enjoy ... step one : identify attractive individual . step two : observe behaviours , social interactions or lack thereof , any books they're reading , etc . step three : find undesirable traits or behaviours they ... my best friend is an enfj , and while she is definitely comfortale in the center of attention , i wouldn't say she's an attention whore or anything like that . she's very loud , energetic , and fun , and i ... when your crush hugs you , smiles at you , or initiates conversation . it's a good feeling . i find that unfortunately , my grasp on an idea or feeling is too ... cloudy ? to put into words . like , i understand the mechanics of something , but i don't know how to describe it or explain it . i wish ... alison mosshart in the dead weather . oh my god , her voice . also , jesca hoop , florence and the machine , lindsey sterling , krypteria , and the lady from shiny toy guns . because extroverts are social , outgoing , and friendly ( usually . i know a shy extrovert . ) extroverts talk to people , they network , they usually know how to talk a big game . when you live in a society ... while i understand that my mother is poor , i'm frustrated . i never ask for anything . i don't even eat that much . we're $ 8,000 in debt because of me , and i know that it's a lot of money . but why , if ... 1 . i think that if someone threatens suicide to frighten others , they should actually kill themselves . 2 . murder is okay under explicitly justified circumstances . 3 . eugenics programs for humans ... age : 17 occupation : restaurant hostess / busser relationship : single hobbies : reading , studying / learning , drawing , thinking , sleeping , walking around , listening to music , eating ... a lot interests ... somewhere in the north-west . i like mountains and forests , and lakes , and arid climates . it would have to be a city though . my county has a population of about 6,000 and it takes 40 minutes to get ... what i do is i read the chapter ( s ) quickly , and then i go back and focus on what takes more than a few seconds of thought to understand . i then take notes on it in an organized manner with bullet ... i'm not an asshole . i'm just direct with people , and i don't beat around the bush . i'm not neccesarily brutally honest , however . i just make sure that i get the point across . i've studied psychology before in my free time ( i read two textbooks ) , took an ap chemistry course ( passed the class with a b ... didn't do so well on the final exam ) , i love making and looking at art , ... my friend is an enfp , and it's not so bad . we enjoy debating a lot , except he uses his feelings subjectively to make his point instead of thinking objectively . suddenly , a bone-rattling boom was heard , and up through a newly opened chasm in the classroom poured a congregation of human-ant hybrids . i'm pretty sure he was an infp . however , he was wayyy too emotionally unstable , despite being incredibly witty and creative . and he had a lot of problems that he would take out on people , including ... when you can't just let an argument / debate go ; you have to keep on going until you've made sure the other person gets your point . there's this attractive boy at my school , who i think * might * be an intp . he reads his book , or writes in a notebook , is pretty quiet , and doesn't talk much . we've traded glances a few times , but i ... i am drawn to music that suits my mood , or has the ability to change it . any music that gives off feelings , really . the sound of it , the lyrics , the way the notes either fit together or bounce off of ... society , and the general intelligence of the people in it , being denigrated by the mainstream media , and by the materialism that accompanies a capitalist civilization . someone who doesn't talk constantly about meaningless , boring things . someone i can connect and debate with , and talk to about doctor who and radical face , and share my ideas with . i guess it'd be ... stay out of virginia . northern va is at least tolerable , richmond is okay ; everywhere else is awful . the rural parts are filled with welfare recipients , poverty , and teenaged pregnancies . oh , and ... the only book that moved my steel heart to tears was remember me by christopher pike . there were parts where i felt like i was the main character , and i felt what she was feeling . it was beautiful ... if i'm talking to strangers or people i don't normally talk to , i just maintain my politeness and really spell things out for them . my friends already know who i am , and i don't censor myself with ... it depends on whether or not i want to be friends with them . if they don't seem like someone i'd enjoy being around , then no , they just kind of don't matter to me at all . rloai , reserved . 23 , a nice happy medium . i think it's the fact that i'm still in high school and surrounded by rednecks , swagfags , and idiots . i want to be with someone mature and intelligent enough to a ) keep our business between us and ... i'd say people are approximately equal to one another . unless you're born physically or mentally ill , you have generally the same quality of education , availability of information , and basic choices ... i really want to have sex with someone , i'm just too awkward and afraid of being called a slut to do it . that and i haven't met anyone sexually appealing in two years . i'm guessing they've already talked about this many times , so he'd be used to it by now , and tired of hearing about it , and more eager to get his point across in the hopes of settling the matter * ... heh , well ... guess op's gonna have to get used to her hanging around ! a companionship with someone like myself , but not entirely so . it would make me feel understood , if they were about 70-80 % similiar in their way of thinking . the worst replies i get from my extrovert friends are during debates , which go like this . me : quietly state my thoughts / opinions , back it up with sound logical reasoning based on either experience ... be direct . say , i don't like her and this is why . then say everything you've said , summarized . explain your perspective on how he could be doing better , and why , and bring up the time he was ... i know them feels . why is it that rich , wealthy , educated people have such poor manners , but a bunch of tatted up bikers have the good sense to say ' please ' ' thank you ' and ' mam ' ? people ask you why you look so angry / serious / sad all the time ( even though you're perfectly content ) , accuse you of using too many big words , and you have a bad habit of correcting others . i can't fully recall my dream from last night , but my most recent one from a few nights ago was pretty vivid . i was visiting new orleans with my mother and sister , and was waiting in the backseat of ... '