' usually , when i'm staring at someone , i'm really just spacing out or something in their direction without realizing it . that and sometimes i people watch for fun . so ... don't assume . that could be ... they don't guilt trip me with puppy dog eyes and they don't demand attention 24/7 . i like the fact that they are independent and have calm temperaments . if i have to love something conditionally , i ... i have always wanted kids and i've daydreamed about it throughout my life . i personally have a difficult time understanding women who don't want children much in the same way you have a difficult ... you have to like the it crowd . lol , j / k . baahh , now i want an infp . :( ^ same . even if it didn't tire me out , it would feel like a complete waste of my time . my brother is an entj and he gets angry when i analyze him . i may be more intelligent than someone , but they may have stronger social skills , are naturally athletic , etc . there are so many different types of intelligences out there and to say one is better ... i keep private information to myself but not out of fear or because secrets are fun . i've just always felt uncomfortable drawing attention to myself . i'm a highly self-conscious individual so ... i get sarcasm and use it frequently . i also find myself laughing on the inside but i think that's an introverted thing more than an indication that i didn't enjoy the joke as much as the person who ... yes , thank you . the answer is no . no and yes . define world and define box , please . welcome ! did you bring some snow with you ? i'd love to have a snow fight right about now . how would you like to meet your partner ? what would be the ideal scenario ? i'm at the library and he approaches me because i've just pulled out of my bag his favorite book . how would you ... i'm pretty girly , i guess . i don't know . it's not like i try to be . i don't really care about gender and i could literally live without one . i just have a tendency to like pretty things , make-up , ... all human beings have emotions , they just express them differently according to their personality type . saying a thinker has no feelings is like saying a feeler has no thoughts . is that so ? i'm curious now . - heads off to the intp subforum - i don't understand myself . how can i expect others to ? hello there ! we share some interests . it's nice to meet you . hmm ... do you at least know if they're extroverted or introverted ? introverts can work with people all day , it just wears them out . dr . cox comes off as being worn out and that's why he's always grumpy . yes - he has to lead people but at the same time you can tell ... i would suggest finding someone with a personality type more compatible to yours . for the feelers in your life that you're stuck with , like family members , you could try telling yourself that it is ... ugh ... you'd hate me lol . i have problems with eye-contact . and smiling in general . if they have truly proved me wrong and i can see their point-of-view i usually say , oh , okay ! that makes sense . and i feel enlightened as well as a sense of respect of the person who taught me ... i feel this way too , so i'm not sure it's an infj-exclusive thing . i can give a good silent treatment . i don't do it for amusement because i just don't receive satisfaction out of tormenting others ; i do it because it's a reflection of how i feel . i'm so hurt , i ... i like ' em . i socialize more on the internet than in person , but i don't abuse it either . i lurk . :) i'm am the second oldest out of four . older sister - infj me - intj younger sister - istp younger brother - entj what i already give them now . support , advice , unconditional love , etc . you can't give a person happiness without violating their freewill . people choose how to feel ( or more precisely , how to ... i really appreciate it when somebody listens when i speak . really listens . i feel like 99 % of the people in my life are listening to their own thoughts and are concerned with interjecting their own ... this is the problem . you're only interested in those type of girls . so don't generalize ? i don't talk about a lot of my personal business because it's just that . personal . even with my own mom or my closest friends . i'm quite spiritual and i believe in a higher being , so if things need ... i get told i'm too quiet . because society says being a chatterbox = being friendly / happy / kind , people tend to think i'm not too friendly , or that i'm in a really bad mood . it's a bit annoying ... i am completing a study guide for my cultural geography class while listening to my sister play ffxii . i don't have a problem with mutatio's post--his was a very human response to the situation and that's understandable . but why are you mysogyistic , mutatio ? no judgment there , i'm just really ... thank you . i appreciate that . :) i think we need both types of people in the world , those who are ruled by emotions and those who are ruled by thoughts . it keeps everything in balance . i'm grateful that emotional people remind me ... thank you sky . how are you today ? aw , that's sweet . any particular reason why you love my type ? i agree with this . i think it's actually more difficult for extremely introverted girls to socialize , because society says girls should be great conversationalists . there are many quiet guys who are ... lol , i'm actually pretty good with internet hugs . that sounds wonderful . i can't remember the last time i've seen the sunset . i'm painting on my computer and thinking it would be nice to have photoshop . little bit , yeah . thanks . :) yes , very much so . do you like watermelon ? he's emotionally involved , i see . but ... doesn't he realize he'll be hurt way more if he stays by her side as she abuses him than if he were to walk away from the get-go ? or is the typical nice guy ... the inability to express myself vocally because my thoughts are too awesome for words . i'm minty . i've just discovered through multiple online personality tests that i am an intj . for the most part , i think it fits but i'm open to other possibilities . i'd like to learn more about the ... i wish for the strength to face the world in a more direct way . instead of waiting for someone to ask me out on a date , i'd like to be able to ask them , for example . shy , guarded , creative , deep , curious . '