' do you mean as in a general disturbance of some sorts ? i get that a lot , but i can sometimes reveal the cause upon further investigating . we are the borg . resistance is futile . http://img.font.downloadatoz.com/download/imgs/b/o/r/borg-lower.png but honestly , the mass effect one isn't bad either . ... so , which one is it ? it's s , isn't it ? z yo i know what you mean , but like many other people said , there has to be a connection . the thing is , i think it could be explained as creating and releasing tension , and when you're focused on the ... my friends left pretty early , and i have no intention of going to sleep yet , so i'm just sitting here listening to rainy mood and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4JJbY4Qv6c and i guess i feel ... from this perspective , kinda shitty . lots of good moments , lots of bad ones , good ones don't stick around , bad ones do . some things could've turned out better , but no point crying over spilt milk . ... i forgot that , but that too . sometimes just being thought of feels really nice . unfortunately , sometimes i take it for granted so there's that . as far as small talks go , they are alright irl , better ... i think i found metal to be the most complex sort of music i came across up to that part . i mean , there was classical music which i found boring , and metal was the first close thing . especially ... this . basically . especially the second paragraph . although , if i'm infatuated i'm generally afraid to initiate a conversation because it seems pushy or a part of me is afraid that i might be ... used to be one . then my tastes went jazz fusion way . back in the days it was mostly these : folk metal ( mostly ensiferum , korpiklaani , tyr and some others ) power metal ( i still love sonata ... goldbach's conjecture . jk , nuclear fusion . in my school we have ethics which is basically critical thinking and philosophy mostly for the history of it , so yeah . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TzRv9k_JoYs yeah , like eska said , there are lots of influential variables . in my case , mostly teachers . i found myself loathing chemistry because i had a series of bad teachers . it became this scary subject ... https://gs1.wac.edgecastcdn.net/8019B6/data.tumblr.com/db949ce1e53475c6a3f22f63308414ad/tumblr_mht9pgzrht1qely8co1_500.jpg not bad m8 , not bad now that i think of it , i haven't really been insulted much , but when i have , those were mostly based on my physical appearance , so yah . i've had people insult me over the internet ( mostly in ... yeah that'd be really messed up . but how can you be sure no one invented it yet ? yeah i just had one of those weird family dinners but nobody made me talk so i could just sit in a corner and do nothing for three hours . yay ! today was at least my 4th time that i had one of them that i could count , and god knows how many more i forgot about . and the whole feeling just sort of sits in the back of your head regardless of ... i hate those dreams that make you think you have a gf for the first couple of seconds after you wake up , only to realise you don't and then you're left with that weird craving for some form of a ... i think i'm beginning to personally experience the often-mentioned fear of rejection . i'll dwell on that a couple of coming days and see if i can come up with an actual explanation for myself at some ... i want to read the intp field guide whatnot thing again but i cba browsing for it . i'll do it tomorrow or something . also , yay , holidays ! gonna bust my ass off reading about astronomy and revising ... bloody hell there's like 3 days until christmas and i'm still studying my ass off ( or at least , above average ) , and i've got 2 exams to go . i have no idea how i'm going to get good grades but some ... ah , nothing such , thankfully . i'd probably overthink myself to death if i noticed similar forms of thoughts in my head . i think we're just too used to that to even mention it as dark . i've ... i can be pretty dark when i turn the lights off ! on a more serious note , i don't think i can really imagine myself as dark . but i have been told that i look scary when i'm really pissed off . not ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJIVuinJlsU yeah same here . especially if i'm filled with recent impressions that i have to process . what i've been experimenting with recently is drinking rather small amounts of alcohol . people say alcohol ... yeah i listen to music a lot . in my case , especially when i have to get something done which i don't really care about doing . it gives me the necessary amusement which the object of doing wouldn't ... pretty much fine by me , had a dupstep phase myself , albeit a rather short one , which turned into something more chillstep oriented . now that i think of it , music tends to mirror my mood a lot . time ... angry = possible conflict me = avoids conflicts at all times , whenever possible ergo , no . i could never get joy out of making someone angry or upset . there are other , more efficient ways of ... glad you like it ! seriously though , give their other stuff a listen to as well . and guthrie ( the guitar guy ) as well . he * might * just be my favourite ( even though i dislike having favourites ) . ... this christmas is going to be extra sucky for me . i'm going to have to spend most of my holidays doing some extra studying , making life decisions and trying to organize my social life more than ... i guess we know that it's impossible to actually know something . oh wait . complex music ? fuck yes . i also like it when musicians don't take themselves 100 % seriously , so they do something like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X60TfBEAXUc what exactly would you like to know ? ^ that ^ and that my personal problem with compliments is that i have this fear of people taking them the wrong way or something , so i generally refrain from saying them . and i rarely even ... i got distracted by hoping a female infp would kidnap * me * . * sigh * drank a bit last night , slept for three hours , now it's almost evening and it's time do write some essays and practice math . i should get it over with by 9 so i can go to bed early . feels like hell ... to the stupid history teacher , take your fucking groups and shove them up your ass . and then pull your head out of it . not paying attention for a second and then being honest and fair afterwards ... i seriously need to figure out a way to make learning music theory on my own more efficient . maybe i just need more time to actually do it . ugh . now it's time signatures again . oh , no , i don't really know exceptions . it's just that i'm pretty sure that there might be spiritual atheists there , as well as agnostics who don't care about spiritual stuff at all . but as a rule , ... with exceptions , of course , but i agree with what you said . i haven't really discussed about any of this prior to this occasion so , yeah . i don't know enough about dawkins , i never paid any ... wouldn't agnosticism be something more like it is impossible to know or prove whether there is or is not a god while atheism pretty much downright denies the existence of one ? also , from wiki ... an ebook reader . that's what i'm getting . https://scontent-a-mxp.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xap1/v/t1.0-9/p552x414/10675612_793935307316910_5099840928476400227_n.jpg?oh=b014030f933846cc4758ef86acb5225d&oe=55194D8C guthrie govan . all this math talk . i need to get my shit together and revise the last 4 years of high school math , croatian , literature , english and physics material for the leaving exams in june . i wonder if ... https://i.imgur.com/XS0LFLm.gif probably trying to figure out how feels actually work . then we fail , retreat into our caves , come back later to try again after we've read 10 more books on the subject . now , i can call * that * fun ! '