' cookies are my limit in baking , as they're usually pretty quick . but bread and pastries i've always shied away from . my favorite thing to make is soup . it's so easy to tweak , it's hard to mess up , ... you're so dependable i don't feel as stressed around you you're a hard worker i'm trying to figure you out ( one of my favorites ) still waters run deep wow ! i didn't know you had it in ... i tend to stop talking when i've reached my limit of human interaction , either just nodding or giving short one or two worded replies . it's not because i'm feeling grumpy , i'm usually just tired and ... i'm an infj and i would probably choose amity just because it feels like the most relaxed faction ( i've only read the first book , a few chapters of the second , and haven't seen the movies ; so i don't ... it takes awhile to really annoy me usually ... but after a certain person at work ( who by the way has worked there for over 15 years ) continually asks questions to which i know she must know the ... follower , although i can lead when i have to . fly or road trip ? roses salmon or lobster ? sartre drawing or writing ? it bothers me to be bossed around by someone who has proven their incompetence as a director . if they have proven their competence , then i don't mind at all . as a current example , i work under a ... guys with long hair chat for an hour on the phone with an acquaintance or ask your crush out on a date ? underwear soup or salad ? accidental post , sorry . ice skating salty or sweet ? since i've never tried either , not to mention i'm not currently eating rice or noodles , i'll just have to go randomly with udon noodles , because they sound interesting . mexican or italian food ? my top two would probably be sloth and pride ( kind of ironic really ) as for the rest i'd list them as gluttony , wrath , lust , envy , greed ; but they're all pretty low . ( dang it pride ! stop it ! ) ... ha ! this is me and my youngest sister . beware asking her about what she's reading because you'll get a detailed description of everything that's happening . : laughing : she also loves watching ... teleportation for sure . a food replicator which could create healthy food for those with limited access to such . something like a jet-pack but without using jet-fuel . basically i want to fly with ... i don't know if i would say hate , but i found the extra dwarves from the hobbit movies very annoying at certain parts . i know they were in the book and they had to be there ( and there was no chance ... uh , plato ? i honestly don't know enough of these two to make an educated decision . winter or summer ? books . after reading a well written book and being sucked into another reality for a few hours , it takes awhile to reintegrate back into this reality . it's not so much depression as coming down from ... well i guess it depends on the situation . usually i regret going with my second choice when taking tests , so i'll go with the first choice . white water rafting or skydiving ? airplane . although i haven't ridden on a train for a long distance for quite awhile , so i might enjoy that too . live a safe quite life helping others in small ways or change the world for the ... i spend way too much time on pinterest . it's been a life saver ever since i started the paleo diet , as it's where i go to get almost all of my meal ideas now . i also spend a lot of my time browsing ... i definitely have an aversion to yelling or raising my voice , which is difficult as i work in a noisy environment . i think it's because i'm a highly sensitive person ( hsp ) and sudden loud noises ... i really don't have a sleep position i stick to . i just keep changing positions until i fall asleep , although i prefer my stomach or side over sleeping on my back . it's hard when i try listening to ... thanks for all the responses so far . : kitteh : it seems most of you , over all , agree with these descriptions so far . thanks again . books super strength or the ability to heal others ? sun is in 07 degrees virgo moon is in 01 degrees virgo rising sign is in 04 degrees scorpio mercury is in 04 degrees libra venus is in 14 degrees libra mars is in 17 degrees virgo jupiter is ... ha ! yes to the first three questions ( and here i thought i was unique ) . : tongue : as for visual thinking , yes and no . i do think visually in some areas such as creating a map in my head in order to ... snoopy cgi animation or traditional animation ? i believe that happiness and joy come from perspective . if you have a narrow perspective happiness will greatly depend on your circumstances and environment . but if you see the big picture , if you ... a dark purple for me as well . why ? it's the first color that popped into my head when i read the thread title . it represents my mysteriousness and my rich taste : wink : that's funny , ever since i was small i've had a thing for the number 4 . i don't know , i guess i like the color and it just tastes right : wink : haha ! what can i say , i was raised in that environment ( my dad is a strong entj republican ): tongue : . but to be honest , lately i have been leaning more towards the liberal side in the live and let ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? infj 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? eldest 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? seeing 5 : ... yes , actually they have . one recent example : i was chatting with a new co-worker ( i believe she's an enfp ) and we were talking about our hobbies and other such generalities . i happen to look up ... i think you about summed it up right there : tongue : i remember impressions of things more than actual details usually ... unless i don't . sometimes a crystal clear memory of some past scene ... i don't know if i'd say i excelled at math , but i almost always got as in my math classes and ( besides word problems ) enjoyed it to a certain extent . i always did better with algebra than with ... “ many that live deserve death . and some that die deserve life . can you give it to them ? then do not be too eager to deal out death in judgement . for even the very wise cannot see all ends . - gandalf , ... same here . i'm good with all three but best when they're combined somehow . it's probably why i did well in almost any classroom setting whether it be math , geography , or tech ed ( shop class ) . - my mother just commented yesterday that i seemed very self-assured . - i love that i can understand complicated concepts without too much difficulty . - i can take several different ideas and combine ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uq8Dgcy4MDY i just love everything about this song from its lyrics to the music , it just makes me so happy ! : kitteh : i guess it feels like my theme song because ... i would like to be more eloquent in my speech as i have a hard time organizing my thoughts into words . i would also like to have better memory retrieval , as i can never think of the right thing to ... - collecting . i use to collect a lot of different things from rocks to stamps , but now i haven't collected much of anything other than music and information i suppose . - dress up - computer games ( the ... what is a dumb way you've hurt yourself ? > taking too sharp a turn while rollerblading in my driveway as i showed off to anyone that may have been watching . scraped up my knee nicely , think i still ... x95 may quickly dismiss input from others without really considering it i may do this just because when i'm talking with others my ni is slowed down , but later when i'm alone i may re-examine what ... thanks ! :p roud : i could see doof as an infp but not as an infj as his fe doesn't seem very strong ( not to mention he's not very organized mentally or physically . if he was a j he'd probably be ... my mother is an sp , my dad is a nt , my younger sisters are sp and sj and i'm an nf . we have our moments to be sure , but we actually do get along quite well . i think that what you're describing ... huh , that's interesting . when i took multiple versions of this test about 6 years ago for a career planning test i got a combination of c , i , and a every time . i just took it now and got ais . i ... i find beauty in a long walk surrounded by trees bursting forth with fall colors . i find it in a sudden revelation , that ah-ha ! moment , when the connection between two different things becomes ... '