' it's hard being an e in an arabic country :( you might be a knight in shining armor :) ) i don't have any plans for new year's eve ... i wonder how i got here . : |: ( ( ( and i inspire ! last week someone told me that because of what i said in our discussion about her and her talents , they decided to write a book . a book she was putting off for some time now .  ... mad mad mad mad sad sad mad sad mad mad ! ! ! :( ( ( i was for a long long time enfj and now i'm enfp :) ) ) ... and if i read the difference between j an p it make perfect sense ! ! only 12 people ? :( :( thx ! ! ... but i stoled the idea from infps :D :D :D yes ! ! enfjs are not known for being shy ! :D :D i would really like to see at least 40 ppl ! :) ) ) pplllsss : laughing :: laughing : hello ! i'm excited ! ! come dear enfj's , put your nickname on the map ! where are you living ? :) ) ) you ? i can't see you on the map ... but even so great having you here ;) ;) i had some trouble with the map . i'm there now ;) next year when i'll visit montreal , maybe we'll go out for a coffee ! : crazy : hello enfj's ! ! : laughing :: laughing : i'm wondering enfjs where do you live , in what cities , how many ! ? there are so many threads and discutions about this ... i created a map on zeemaps.com ... don't just say it . do it :D lets hook up enfj's :) ) ) i'm sure this was written : helping complete strangers on personalitycafe.com ! p . s . even infp are doing this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HO4e4nCYBEo christina perri - the lonely ( official lyric video ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psuRGfAaju4 owl city - fireflies ... thank you ! i'm really glad : laughing : p . s . not a very good english , but i'm trying :D jawz i've had 100 ' s of people i thought were my friends - - - yet no one ever actually became my friend . i can understand your frustration , perfectly ! my intuition coupled with my total ... crono if you're anything like me i probably am . you probably still like him . you should just tell him you've been feeling that way he knows , we had a really great relationship and we stayed ... you and me both ! ! ! i wonder if it's possible that i love someone even after 8 years and we didn't date it so much . kept in touch and even now when we meet it the almost the same ... i can't be that immature and ... jawz enfj's even feel bad about being sad ... yeah there's no shame in having your feelings take control sometimes because we all know that pretty soon you'll be back up like that wonderful ... :) it happens to me as well . we give and we give and when it comes time to receive , we're left out in the dust because the very foundation of our relationships is based upon what we can do for ... when you realize that you know to much secrets and you have to keep everything to your self . when you notice you start telling i can't tell you why / how i know this , you just have to trust me ! you are right , you are so right . thx i'm sad . i know why and i know what i have to do for me not to be sad ... there are things that are not up to me . usually i'm energetic and very motivated to do so many things and laugh , dance ... crono thank you ! not feeling great , what a big surprise ( being ironic ) . my auto-motivation system is broke and my friends are like a broken record it will be alright well it's not that easy ! ! ! i ... i get weird signals from a guy who i know has a girlfriend and know that he just wants to be friends ... so so weird , it's almost like he likes me more than he said .  ... i'll talk to him . love your smile and you have some bright light in your eyes . well ... that's how i see you . ;) pls help . how can i find the enfjs one , or make one ? i had the same question about you ( infp ) not so long ago , but i asked for your gps location . i hope there is somewhere a map for enfj . someone should tell me how to make this map for enfjs :D :) ) ) thank you ! you are great ! ! ! :) ) ) i wish i could have a pill for my enfj moods ... it's hard to be ... upset , angry , frustrated , tired ! ! ! i feel like yelling at some people , i want to cry of anger and i feel like grrr ! ! ! i hate ... nosy - almost never , but i am nosy bossy - all the time :D manipulative - shhh , let's not tell the world crazy - all the time brave - all the time intelligent , wise - often awesome , creative - ... me ranting : ... why ? ? ? because we are so so many enfj there , really ! ! :) go learn to dance salsa ! ! find a ! good ! salsa dance school and have fun ! ! before you choose a school , put their name in google and see if they are a good school . see some shows to know if they ... yesterday i got back from a salsa congress and it was great ! ! ! : crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy :: crazy : love it ! ! this time i learned so so much about me and i know exactly what i'm missing and ... love it ! ! ! i was in the same situation last september . go to your cousin's recital ! ! trust me ! ! ! people are like that , it is in all of us , the name is selfishness . they just put your needs first and not ... i don't know when it's time to say no to friends that just want to help , making things better . it's so unusual for me to accept help , in the same time i would like it but i'm really use to make ... lebowski you are a very mature man . i think that is true . i asked my friends to take the mbti test . more than 50 % are extroverted . you can find us in the dancing class room . with me included , we are 5 enfj ( 4 girls and 1 boy ) . go dance a little :) i recommend salsa ! : crazy : '