holy moly it has been a long time since i've posted . i had forgotten all about this place , and my group of online friends and how nice it can be to vent to people who can give you unbiased feedback ... i'm back . i missed you . when i was little i .. - spent 90 % of my time in day dream land ( still do ) - was rather unpopular , and sort of gross . - was very poor . - did well on tests and had awards , but failed every grade ... congratulations pixie ! best wishes : kitteh : i just woke up from a dream where i overheard my husband and brother in law whispering about some girl dh met overseas and may or may have not have slept with . i try and corner him and get him to ... my husband and i are talking about having more kids . it would probably be a year or so down the road , but i'm so happy he's open to it . i'm stressing out about moving . my husband is gone for the rest of the year and if my brother in law leaves too i'll be stuck in a state with no friends or family , and no drivers license . or i can ... sometimes i think i'm actually an isfp . i have one child already , and would really like to have atleast one more . what would you need to think or feel about a person to bother finding out about them or to try and cheer them up ? thanks guys :) i don't :( but i wish i did . i'm such a hermit , i haven't bothered to make any friends lately . all i did today was clean too . oh well :/ a bunch of different things . life is very slow right now . my husbands gone most of the time , or when he's hear we have np quality time . i've been stuck inside and i feel like i have nothing ... i ... am so depressed today :'( i'm a stay at home mom . no one in ny family has a problem with that , although i'm the only mother who stays home . i like having dominion over the home but i'm also ready to branch out and have more ... congratulations meepey ! home just isn't as homey without you . i miss you . i love you . i can read people very well . it sometimes makes me feel a little ' out there ' when i can tell how someone really feels even when no one else can or the person himself says something different . treebob could this thread be stickied ? i'm getting sent to the app too . i've liked every intp that i've met . i even dated one for a few years . i view them as intelligent , open , and witty . i really , really want to buy my son everything in the world and more . i haven't , but man do i want to . he needs a toddler bed , a pet , preschool books , a tricycle , a book case , a toy bin , and one ... well , i got the snow i asked for . a foot or two of fluffy white goodness which has buried our car , knocked down countless trees and power lines , and made my son say ' weee ! ' waiting for blizzard charlotte to rear her pretty little head . so far there's a light dusting of snow on the ground . can't wait to see an extra foot or two . muahahahaha ! taaaxeeesss ! ! ! * shakes fist violently * actually , i'm usually the pushy one . he places very few demands , and even fewer requests . it's usually a problem of me wanting to cut into his alone time , him getting annoyed and relenting , and then ... it's an interesting cycle . i go through it all the time with my husband . this is all very simple . you requested ( nagged ? ) her frequently for something even though she expressed no enthusiasm to do that thing , then coupled with whatever had been bothering her the night ... anne rice - the mummy or ramses the damned . help mates : tongue : and sps want playmates . i just want a mate that loves life and loves living it with me . someone with similar dreams as me , so we can meet our potentials together . i am pretty easily embarrassed , and self conscious to boot . i'm ever aware of any mistake i make ( from social faux pas to bad grammar to stubbing my toe or chewing loudly ) around other people . when ... i once told my mom to go to africa and catch aids . that's about it . i wonder how we'd get this thread ' stickied ' . also , i feel bad for stephiphi after reading her post . i'd hate to be the leader . well i've mulled over this question for an hour and the best descriptor i can think of is madness . like an old time maenad where i'm just filled with blood lust and an appetite for evil . that could ... yes , and i used to try to get them to possess me so that i could be beautiful and powerful . nothing happened , except for a super awkward teen phase . edit : although at the time , and even some times ... laney yeaaa buddy ! i think i've felt the same way as you for awhile now . i progressed through school normally but spent all of middle and much of high school as a hermit . my only close friend was my bf at the time ... i feel as if the world around me is progressing but i am stuck in a rut and it is passing me by . my life is like that nine inch nails song . i'm praying for your quick and full recovery so you can love and care for those babies the way you've been dreaming . i want you to know even if your recovery takes awhile you will not be alone ... i want harmony between as many people as possible , but if that isn't going to happen i'll take the happiness of those i'm most loyal to and then my own happiness . anyone that has commented on a news story with ' maybe they should ban xyz * snicker * ' should choke a dick and die . 1 ) i'm seriously giving thought to going to college and getting a career . i just don't know what i want to do . 2 ) i want to go to a day spa . i chose hufflepuff but ravenclaw would have worked too . * hugs * to everyone that needs it today . and happy birthday to me . i am extremely passive aggressive nowadays :/ it's snow balled from years of being told my opinion is invalid and doesn't matter , and i don't have the skills to stand up for myself so i just end up ... i curse the day i bought my husband an xbox :d ry : i went from infp to isfj also , and i can really relate to your experiences and feelings . maybe an infp could stop by and give you their perspective . i wish i could post some more pics , but it weirds my hubby out . i can understand that though , i wouldn't want to end up a meme . i own a small gold cross on a gold chain that was my husbands great grandmother's . it has bite marks from when my father in law was teething , and now it has my own sons tooth marks . stephiphi things here on perc can get hectic and murky , but reading a post of yours is like slipping into a meadow . you're so very sweet and simple and helpful and you make our types forum a little ...