' so he is not mr right ? i mean , i thought infj's know when they found the one but you are saying when i'm ready , finding mr right so i'm kinda confused . if you know , he is not mr right , why do you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P6WPelGm2Vs&pxtry=1 don't we all have a jerk side ? i'm always a jerk . hmm i'm picky . an infj might like you if you are mysterious . ah this is funny . i just like the first two pokemon movies so hmm lugia and mewtwo . my brothers always asked me what to wear and i loved helping them , so yes i'm fashionable but i don't follow the trend . when i go shopping , i always hurry up and buy everything i want and i always go ... ah interesting . i know someone that did the same to me and i deleted him 2-3 times but i felt something weird , i wanted to help him but he was rude sometimes and that kinda destroyed it . we infj's ... different kinds and i want to know all of them so , i know we infj's love helping people and we somehow think that is our destiny and i talked with an infj about it and i asked him what he thinks about the dark side but he didn't know what i'm ... i don't like hugging people , i don't think i show any emotions when i'm with people but when it comes to sex , i'm different . sex is different for me and i think it's something special for some infj's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PoTEnaAI9Fo to fear something , someone is .. exciting ? fear makes me feel alive . x overly confident .. online . i would love to travel and analyze more people but right now the airport is enough for me . void , free and thirsty . i don't know the way back home but i'm okay with that because i want to explore more but i don't think that's a good idea . did you imagine it ? first , it will be okay for your partner but after a few years he / she will leave you . why ? because if your partner truly loves you , then he / she wants to understand you ? so why ... a room full of naive innocent people . heaven x i always fall in love with innocent people that wouldn't kill someone , so this is a interesting question for me . well would i cover it up like in the movie the next three days ? well she didn't killed ... i don't want them to know how i am , so no . but i'm talking with my mother normal about her problems and i'm trying to make her laugh . i had a bad relationship with my mother but everything is fine ... do you enjoy this game ? are we human or are we monsters everything is boring for me after a couple hours or .. minutes ? i'm thirsty and that's not good . then you don't know what love is . i agree that love changes everything but not always in a good way . love can kill people , love can .. take everything from you and if you say now that i don't know ... excuse me ? love changes everything ? why ? do you mean , in a good way ? 7w6 love actually mikky ekko - time cs go kodaline - better mizpah hard question . well .. i had a long distance relationship and i didn't wanted to see her always . do you want to see her always ? do you have money to see her always ? and my last question : is she ... so you think opening a topic and asking people how they deal with physical feeling heartbreak will help you ? i'm curious , really . how will this help you ? we infj's are unique ( that's what i think ) ... 268346 coffee and water . interesting people , curiosity and maybe to find myself ? ah funny . people post silly things on facebook - i ask myself why i have these people in my friends list - i delete my facebook . well , i would ignore it . i hope you know that your wife will leave you because you are a monster that always wants more . x i don't know if i'm still sensitive but if something like this happens to me , i would try to understand the person and hmm i would not try to calm them down . i would probably make them more angry and ... i like mysterious people that love playing games . well i'm living a double life . i'm normal when i talk with people and i would never show them my real face because they wouldn't understand it and i just don't want to make them sad ? but when i ... why can't we just love each other . no hate just love https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSV9hzk4ykw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pSV9hzk4ykw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SL4kxeXwUeg i think i tried to protect him from .. me . my confused adorable nephew . i was so rude to him and i'm so sorry . i still miss him . i'm so stupid sometimes .. i talked with an infj and he paranoid . he wanted my help and i tried to help him but then i kinda gave up and now i miss him . i won't add him but i want him to add me ... '