' ita . i'm now trying to live a more balanced life . i spent the last 10 years on my career and now realize that i'm either at the wrong organization or in the wrong career . so , i'm trying to transition ... i'll try that : ) well , i have started taking regular walks and i'm starting to feel more stable now . i am still upset and stressed but realize i really need to put finding another job above ... i think they are scared i'll leave , so they're overloading me with mission impossible assignments . i think you hit the nail on the head ! i thought women liked cute men ! thanks ! that picture was funny . yes , i am going to have to leave this job . i hope to find another job really soon . i've tried to improve the situation but that hasn't helped . you summed the ... i'm religious and spiritual . the way i see it , people praise god in different ways . that's my take on the different religions . i don't feel the need to control people through religion or make people ... my job is really stressful . my boss is unreasonable . i think she's an istj . i've noticed i'm not really myself since i've been at my job . to top that off , i'm trying to transfer to another department ... i already said i'm introverted and people oriented . i'm an extroverted introvert the same way some enfps are introverted extroverts . i thrive from being around people and gain energy from spending ... exactly ! i already defined myself as an introvert who is people oriented . there are different personality types but surely , there are ranges . she reminded me a lot of myself . i watched all of the movies and enjoyed them and read some of the books to as a child . i last watched an anne of green gables movie a few years ago . i think what ... have you tried joining the single's group for a church or joining a professional organization ? or you could try online dating . what about your family ? are there any relatives who you can go places ... i read somewhere that infps will often feel lost if we're not connected to a religion because we are usually spiritual people . i always feel better after i go to church . i have a job that really ... definitely compassion ! i suspect there are some people who think they are extroverts but really are introverts . and it's common for introverts to take on extraverted behavior to fit in or get ahead at work . so , it can be ... so some extroverts can be more introverted than others ? i guess we're on the same page now ! he he i can predict what people will do or something that's going on with them . i pick up on people's feelings and don't realize it until later . i am not good at predicting what people will say . with me , ... well , over on the enfp thread , enfps often say they feel introverted at times even though they are extroverts . thanks there is a tendency to generalize in these personality threads . i said whether a person is introverted or extroverted is clear cut . i'm saying that a person can be an introverted but may come across ... infps are often good writers , so that's why infps can be found on blogs and message boards and lots of websites out there . it's our way of expressing ourselves . idk . some introverts are more introverted than others and the same is true for extroverts . infps are people oriented , so we may come across as being more extroverted than some of the data driven ... now i'm confused ! lol . what is ni ? that's interesting . i have tested infp multiple times and am definitely a perceiver , but i'm very good at predicting what will happen . i can also brainstorm about possibilities and ask questions ... i can read people really well . i think ne is how one communicates with the world . people who have ne will verbally talk about possibilities or what they notice about people . it's common for others to ... i think there is a difference between an ne thinker and an ne feelers . it's very common for feelers to empathize with people . there are optimistic and pessimistic intuitives . i often see a mixture of ... infps are known for being perfectionists when it comes to our work and we can be excellent public speakers . i've found that to be true . competitive ? i guess in a way but without wanting to be cut ... well , if it makes you feel better , an intp i know really well harps on how people don't want to hear what he has to say because he's calling things as he sees them . he also doesn't like going to ... i am a mixture . i definitely fit on the artistic side but have always been good at math . i think literature and writing always have come more naturally to me and fascinated me more . so , i'm good at ... as an infp woman , i have noticed that being perceived as super feminine can be a mixed bag . i usually have no problem finding mentors . men usually take me under their wing at work . but , women see me ... true . i am a people oriented person . i often chat with coworkers before sitting down to do my work and have discovered i'm good at remembering people's names and tidbits about them . so , that makes ... i am a writer . i think writing fiction is fun but there are times when parts of the story are in my head and it seems like fleshing it out on paper is not so fun . it takes a lot out of my ... i tested 100 % for dramatic , 100 % for solitary , and 83 % for perfectionist concientious . enfps and infps are very similar . i think shyness is when someone thinks in terms of how others perceive them . there are shy extroverts just as there are introverts who aren't shy . i think that's ... i think of myself as an extroverted introvert . i really enjoy talking to people and find i can easily remember names . but , i can get drained easily and need some down time on my own to recharge . that ... i agree . about a year ago , i started volunteering . i like being able to help people and have more control over my work there than with my real job . yes , it's like being a different person ! i had a job once that was in an organized yet creative environment and i found that i didn't feel as tired when i got home . to be organized requires a lot of ... exactly ! sometimes , i think about how much stuff i have to do , get overwhelmed and don't end up doing the chores . i did take a previous poster's advice and just in 2 days started thinking in ... why not get an internship ? working in a particular field while you're in school can help you figure out if that's what you like to do and also could help you get a job coming out . also , you can ... thanks ! that's exactly what i've been doing ! i'm confusing what i feel i should do with what i must do and also with what i want to do . i totally get this ! i'm going to start by listing what i must ... introverts prefer having alone time but are not necessarily shy . there are extroverts who are shy or have social anxiety . i think infps are very people-oriented but we're also introverted . intps on ... i agree . enfps are very similar to infps . i am an infp and hsp . i think of enfps as introverted extroverts and infps as extroverted introverts . i think both types of people absorb others ' emotions ... how interesting ! does this mean infjs internally ask a lot of questions and think about possibilities ? the military ! lol ! yes ! outside of work , i have thank you notes that i started and haven't finished and sent . i have tons of stuff i feel i need to do but don't see how i have enough time . the other thing is when i get ... i'm pretty organized at work . in fact , i like working on projects and get satisfaction when i've finished them . i am by no means a task-oriented person , but i am a perfectionist and i like to feel ... i saw that clip of tupac . he was definitely coming across as an infp . i never thought about that before . i think enfps are very similar but they usually don't do as much self-reflection . infps i ... [ quote = acey ; 2934653 ] i've noticed on these forums that a lot of infps seem to be looking to be saved by someone , or by specific outcomes . however , i've also seen many that appear to be more like ... i got apathetic about my job which is why i'm looking for another one now . i had started to just give a minimum amount of efforts and i lowered my standards . it really sounds like there's a toxic ... i get what you're saying . wanting financial stability is a value but that could be more of an individual preference . '