' hm ... took the test and got introverted ( i ) 89 % extraverted ( e ) 11 % intuitive ( n ) 77 % sensing ( s ) 23 % thinking ( t ) 60 % feeling ( f ) 40 % perceiving ( p ) 59 % judging ( j ) 41 % the unabomber .  ... ornithology go - the board game japanese european history painting cooking game theory sounds fun too .. so much to learn . how do you guys organize your time ? sometimes there are so much ... i'm usually ok w / being a wallflower . it's interesting to see other people interact . however , i become super upset or crazily angry when my bf does either one of those things you've mentioned . it is ... what i'm looking for in a relationship is someone who can open up to me by sharing their interests and thoughts . i like when people are vocal and honest because i have no patience for guessing games ... congrats :D interesting . i want to be intj so can actually get things done from time to time . i like getting things done :D i think i am close to t as well in general but when faced with fear and insecurity ... test lies ! :P i'm 100 % sure of being infp . don't know why the test says otherwise . i took it twice and still shows the same . oh well ... just more awesome this way as i can disguise myself , sneak ... oddly enough , just realized my bf is born in the year of dog ... * cracks whip * let the training begin ! ! ! intps are indeed strange and scary creatures ... your comment reminded me of this article : train your man as you would your dog - today : relationships sadly , i never had a dog :( maybe infp should get a dog first before dating intps .. hahaha ... hm ... take a look at this example : translation party it translate english to japanese w / moderately success . something similar might be achievable if we can define the ground rules for ... hey , i am down w / this :P let's make a website about it ! it is fun to make stuff and analyze the crap out of it . lately i've been looking at the whole fe / fi thing . actually we should make ... i think what he's saying is that , yes , communication was the problem . but the problem lied in both people . one was too afraid to show her feelings while the other was too afraid to get rejected / hurt ... wow , you are a very smart person ! i pretty much fell into the same believe as you did . instead of studying art or psychology i got my degree in computer science . now doing a masters in ... very very good point . i am always either very happy or sad . not experiencing extreme emotions make me feel very empty . i need emotions . i need them to feel alive . i do not feel alive when nothing is ... hm . interesting . i wish my guy would take sometime to actually care about what i think or try to understand me better . because often times i feel so misunderstood , it is a relieve that someone ... drawing . i communicate best when i'm drawing things out etc ... though this is kind of hard to do in real life ! hang on , let me draw how i feel about your statement ... bird chirps ... hey ! i'm working on my masters right now but is thinking about pursuing a phd . would also like to work in the university sector someday . i'm hoping something related to art / design . so far , i've been ... whenever i feel depressed , what makes me feel better is by reading touching stories and how people can overcome problems in life to become better . they inspire me in that by reading them , i can see ... goodness , i have the exact same problem . sometimes i can get lost for hrs inside my head and even when i am around people , my mind begins to drift after a few minutes of interaction . i would be ... hi welcome ! haha .. interestingly enough i'm also infp w / 9w1 ! it's hard hard world out there ! lynn flewelling :D fantasy w / two yummy guys ! this sounds like a fun advice ! i have anxiety problems meeting new people because i was hurt very badly during college by being friends w / people who eventually turned their backs on me . my ex's ... openness to experience / intellect high scorers tend to be original , creative , curious , complex ; low scorers tend to be conventional , down to earth , narrow interests , uncreative .   ... definitely agree about the freelance . maybe web or interior design . possibly teaching later on in life . hm ... an art teacher perhaps :D totally agreed ! i can never stand shows that , despite having logical merits , slander people . my bf ( intp ) likes john stewart a lot and he would show me clips where stewart would debase some guest of ... you know what , i think this is the best principle as well but you also need to remember people are different and our needs may not correspond . in a relationship , it is best to be open about things we ... aries ! i like to dive into stuff :P i am going through the exact same thing right now . being a person who have lots of romantic ideas in my head , i tend to get very upset when so does not do the things i want . when he fails to reach ... this is exactly how i feel but isn't this more of an infp thing ? fear of being rejected and testing the water ? i would imagine that intps are able to ration out that each person is different and ... oh i enjoy being outdoors as well . usually prefer landscapes that involve water . also , more than looking at the landscape , i like to inspect things up close such as sitting down and picking out a ... this movie is very good ( especially for miyazaki fans ) . a bit slow but the story is realistic and beautiful . check it out if you haven't and if you have , watch it again ! :D ... when dealing with unreasonable people , i usually tend to ignore them and move on with my life . however , when i'm put into situation where i can't avoid these annoying jerks , i become very ... ugh ! i've had the nail biting habit since a kid and it is so hard to stop . there were a couple of months where , lack of stress , i stop biting my nails but ever since school started , the habit started ... ahh that's awesome ! definitely on the to-do list now ! :D here's one that everyone may like as well : cream puffs - all recipes lately i've been looking for some perfect cooking recipes and so , i was wondering what other infp like to cook ( if they like to cook etc .. ) . the reason why i'm asking in infp forum is because i ... i think volunteering is definitely something that infp can do to get emotional needs fulfilled , especially when the partner is not very good at doing that . thanks ethylester for sharing your ... would like to know too ... ah sorry to hear that things with your friend is not going well . when you talked to her , did you focus on the problems instead of her feelings ? when you say you'd work on changing things she ... that is pretty accurate i think based on my interaction with intp . intp wants people to understand his logic whereas infp wants people to under stand her feelings . this is precisely where the ... indeed , intjs are awesome ! wish i was more of an intj , especially being in a computing major . i envy those that have strong ability to solve problems instead of creating problems . take charge , come ... oh my goodness snail , what you said really hit close to home .. so i'm dating an intp right now and we had one of the most retarded fights yesterday . here's the story ... i've been stressed out ... haha i'm 5 ! haha ... yeah .. most people from paris are short ? did not know that ... tokyo , japan is also pretty cool place to live ( perfect for short people too :P ) . there are so many subcultures , i ... well , not sure about others but my intp believe that it is essential to try to understand people , even those who has done bad deeds . he thinks that by trying to understand why people do certain ... hey all , thanks for the replies . yeah .. i will definitely try to communicate with him more . today we had pretty heated discussion about fairness in the society . almost at the end of our ... dating an intp right now . we like each other a lot but not sure if we're right for each other . i'm waiting for him to tell me he loves me . he's waiting for me to tell him i love him . we're both ... wow that sounds awful and yet familiar ! i have the same issues as well . you're lucky that your mom wants to help you and want to know what's going on . for me , my mom pretended i was totally normal ... lol .. sometimes i feel like i have an inner j in me despite being an infp . that's why js bother me sometimes because i feel like their constant planning and rambling are overpowering my own needs ... hm .. interesting . i , too , have pushed people away because i got too close with them . i have a friend whom i've known since the first day of college . our friendship was pretty stable until the final ... i think character development is very important in tv series as well as in movies . it's annoying to see how a character is the same in the end of the movie / series as s / he is in the beginning . what's ... '