' i can relate to wanting a minimalistic life . i'm not sure if i could realistically do it as i collect random stuff like yo-yos , rubik's cubes , and bottles . i'm an enfp and i seem pretty chill , but i don't think that i have an easier time than others . no , but that's the fun part . i just don't like clothes . shhh ... shhh ... shhh ... i love the reading rainbow . i like unicorns and the color purple . if you can't get a philosophyesque job pornography is always an option . i am spider man . it wasn't meant to be a secret , but my agent wanted me to keep it a secret . i feel really bad about the movies . that money could have been put to better use ... and wasted less time ... someone should mention all of the istjs and bring them over here just to get there reactions . i'm a male enfp ama - ask me anything * cough * who thinks that female intjs are interesting * cough * stop asking me questions ! i get that one a lot . if i had to pick it would be stjs , not because i'm annoyed they get annoyed by me . don't trust them . don't do it . i like cooking , gaming , reading , board gaming , and i love to go on the game forum . i read the functions descriptions . i went to the you know you're a - - - threads and intuitive fit more than sensing . so i looked into ni and ne and ne fits better . when i take cognitive functions ... mission accomplished ! this is kind of hard for me to explain , i kind of just know it . i know i'm not an introverted sensor / intuitive or an extraverted sensor . my mother is an esfj , father is entp , sister is esfp , and with me being enfp she feels very outnumbered . we get along relatively well , despite the differences . that sounds interesting and extraverted wind would make introverted fire grow larger , but can also blow that very same fire out . why not rely on these dichotomies ? i have looked into the functions and enfp functions fit me very well . introverted sensing or extraverted thinking both make sense to be in my inferior function ... i recently stopped checking my notifications if they were about new thanks received . i have 41 notifications now , it feels good to look at it . imaginary numb 3r i had pretty much the same journey as you except for arriving at enfp not intj . i'm sure that i'm an enfp as i respond and get energized by my external environment and people ( e ) i ... i'm not very emotional so i don't know what to tell you . i like fencing . i don't like sports that have to do with putting a ball in a goal without being stopped by some person . i don't like to be in a leadership position . this . very much this . fisher king for me . i would have some people visit from time to time . i have done the type questionnaire , i got infp was typed by an intp . ( so that's pretty good . ) i'm fairly certain that i'm an enfp warning : this is a warning ! i'm a cat . eren jaeger from attack on titan ( shingeki no kyojin ) when i first found the mbti i got intj on the test . i read the type description and was like well ... that's kind of like me . so i went and found this forum and signed up got right on the intj ... i'm an enfp and i hate when people talk in movies . which type gives the woooah you're actually here ... with me ! i never saw you . i ate some onion rings and ramen . ( homemade ramen not the top ramen crap ) i couldn't decide if i was introverted or extraverted . i stopped asking myself if i liked being around people or not . i started asking myself which kind of stimuli i responded to . maybe this helps ? =) i can see a 1 being the dm . i definitely agree with you , but i have seen 6s sacrifice a lot to their friends and family . i will change the 6 though and tell me what you think . =) i'm still learning enneagram , if you would be ... i'm a 6 and could definetly be dauntless or candor . type 1 - will not play until they know all of the rules , and has read all of the race and class overviews , will probably play something simple like a human / dwarf fighter . are you sure this weapon is ... which mbti type is most likely to give a stranger the the stare-down which is most likely to give a stranger a full body scan the i'm not actually staring at you , i'm thinking about something ... intj with a well developed and hated fi which parent are you more attached to ? how do you think that has affected your personality ? i am more attached to my mother and am an infp xxfps underrated in real life xntxs overrated on internet i would have the super power to foresee implications of my actions before i commit to an action . i'll be a stone age vampire . that would be a lot of fun . put your pants back on . i would give my ring fingers . that would be pretty cool . get angry at the ceiling , because it gets in the way . '