' this would probably be my theme song :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xisKouiWeVA i love this song and anathema :) their song ' lost control ' has a special place in my heart ... same here , i honestly cant handle the ' small talk ' that goes on in group settings . i think i'm the mixed type going towards to the perceptive type same here ... just discovered this band , worth a check :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8H3lvVIPmOk i dont have any particular resolutions on my mind this year , no more planning every single detail and driving both myself and others around me insane :) i just want to learn to accept things as they ... heres a poem i wrote last night ... frames of escapism he walks into the familiar room gaudy flashes of tired souls shift upon the floor dizzied from the sultry smell of cheap alcohol and ... my awsome mickey mouse pjs ! ! :D infp :d welcome :) what would a city be like without its lights ? the city without lights ever stopped for a second ? just to watch the flickering lights in the city ever stayed up all night ? just to watch the ... some stories are never seen , but that doesnt mean they dont exist ... the one's left untold crowded too many voices here reckless too many lies pretended to be sincere our tears are ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mDsqpeiTqg8 i love this song and trent reznor of course :D welcome ! :D im neat but in my own way , others might perceive me as messy ( especially my desk :D ) welcome fellow infj , i know where youre coming from , but youre definitely on the right place to get some introspection about the answers youre looking for :) well you pretty much summed up everything i would say here :) its good to know that im not alone feeling this way ... lol , nice moves :D to all of the seekers out there ... dear seeker you stand on the edge of twisting roads and solitude marked signs an ancient game has begun the rules are strict shifted around with every ... being misunderstood , social anxiety , not being able to shut down my over-analysing brain and the thoughts that come with it , feeling like an alien most of the time , bottling everything inside which makes ... i dreamed of a day that all spirits were able to connect with the living ... there were people talking and crying to their lost relatives , there were people crying to the spirit of a person they've ... wow , such lovely pictures , i could feel the infj vibe going on :) heres the depressed looking me :) 42367 wow ... there are some really moving poems here :) here's one of mine though not as moving as the ones above , hold on frozen , she lies on the floor the reckless flames of her burning soul seek an ... empty ... if that can be considered as a feeling ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yLuOzNeHw5I ( its quite long but describes exactly how i feel ) they usually cant get to hear my voice after telling me to speak louder twice :) yes definitely ... but i can handle it better than i did when i was younger . i know how it feels to feel like a total alien / weirdo / outsider ... and have met quite a few infjs who also feel the same way ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytbiKbOveQU the anthem of our secluded memories do you remember ? remember this very day ? still so bitterly fresh in your mind can you hear the anthem of our secluded memories shattering your plastic ... thank you for your kind words :) the lost poem ... i look over the penetrating beams of rushing crowds faces eager to catch tommorows memories but losing todays lullabies in their blind stillness forgetting to bury the ... considering youre an intj , youre likely to rationalize your thoughts i guess :D . however i think this is a good thing since youre aware that you , yourself has took a fearful thought and made it rational ... welcome :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIhnrYYvA4g officially obsessed with this song :D why are you so quiet ? ( waving hands and me , while im too lost in my own world :D ) hellooo ! ... what are you thinking about again ? i was just going to say the same thing ! can we talk ? i need ... welcome my fellow infj and type 5 :) welcome :) although im an infj , i can relate to this so much ... im sure you'll find people like you on here :) gosh , reading your thread actually brought tears to my eyes , i felt as if i was reading my own life story unfold ... i know exactly how you feel there ... for all of my life i've always ... reality is my nightmare , dreams my escape ... phantom of the dreamer the hardest part of writing a poem is always the beginning for the words of aphotic ink are , hi there , welcome :) i understand :) from what you've written , i think your anxiety is more due to lack of confidence rather than a fear of social situations.then i would say that social anxiety isnt really the issue ... i agree with you there , loved your quote :) . i dont think there is ' good ' or ' bad ' for their meanings differ from person to person , it depends on the perspective you look from . honestly , i've felt like an alien all my life and couldnt really find a place to ' fit in ' ... but then i realised that this is just how i am and noticed that my two closest friends were also infjs :D , so ... [ quote = raain ; 2313037 ] i might have had social anxiety throughout school and to some degree might still have it , sometimes i am just really awkward in-front of people and i can't quite figure out ... labaghjhjuyıkgh ... bobo kakapooopooopeee ... lol that my my day :D [ quote = lady nurture ; 2367120 ] trol-lol-lol song should be this man's inner anthem . you may want your glass cleaned , but you can't make me give a f * & # ! here you go ! ... the worst nightmare is the bold vision of reality ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQgfrjMXy_w love nirvana , kurt was a total genius ! :) and im making friends , while drinking some :D gosh , i cant tell you how much i relate ... i used to have social anxiety and it was a total burden to even talk to people let alone give speeches ! although im still very shy and anxious about giving ... '