' it's that si ... i force myself to push through these kinds of things because my grandmother is a hoarder and it scares me . good point . i guess my idea of logic isn't totally clear . i think to me is means being able to predict the outcome of something , based on the information you've been given . so like , given this , ... i think i get where you're at . i think it's good to realize that some people will be easier to get close to than others , and that doesn't mean that one's who aren't aren't good to still be friends ... n ? probably nature . i don't think f means you / we aren't logical . it means that when we make decisions we choose to favour the person / feelings , rather than logic and rationality , even though we can be plenty aware of ... oh man , she confuses me . now i'm thinking infp , an infp who likes to dance and be theatrical ( i could never do that publicly ) . and as far as facial expressions go , sometimes my face is really ... ^ ^ ^ i take it back , i think isfp now . not that this thread is even active anymore , but just in case someone passes by ... : laughing : i don't think she's an infp at all . i feel like she is far too focussed on an end product in a way , maybe it's the ne / ni difference . i'm an infp & i write songs , and both her method and creative ... when i was younger i did . now that i'm not so self-obsessed i realize anyone can be viewed as weird , and it doesn't really mean or matter much to think so . i'd still take it as a compliment though ... i love entps , but note i'm a moderate feeler . i find them to be a lot of fun , and people who i can say anything to . i once was close with one & i did find him harsh at times , but only when he was ... i can always understand a person's point of view , and so , can empathize with pretty much anyone . this used to drive those i'm close to crazy , because instead of just telling them things they would ... hello intps ! just a quick question , do you folks ever talk out loud when thinking ? being an infp , i'm supposedly more of an extraverted thinker . i've noticed that i often need to read essays ... hi , very sorry for the late reply and thank you very much for your in-depth analysis . on reading your reply , i think i'm going to agree with you on the istj for spencer . i think i initially though he ... i've totally experienced this . i'm 24 and i'm only now becoming able to wear my inside on the outside . i think it comes with practice , and not worrying about what others think . i used to have social ... haha awesome . and yes ! humour + vulnerability ( + some bitterness at times with his earlier stuff ) pretty much sums up his style . haha , i always feel bad for proffs when the class is silent . it's the only time i speak up , to fill the void for them . you've * * we are supposed to be some of the most romantic & idealistic types out there . so , just wondering , what is the longest you've held onto a person for ( an ex or unrequited love or ... frugivore yeah , totally get the belle & seb / infp thing . they are so gentle , quirky , and lyric-based . i used to listen to them quite a bit too , but grew tired of them . hmm ... who else ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AsnELWjsCsA 3rd had just been made and we were swimming in the water , didn't know then was it a son was it a daughter when it occurred to me that the animals are ... yessum , was introduced to ralph waldo emerson this semester , huzzah ! brilliant stuff . as long as it's exploring ideas more than trying to prove a point , yes , i likey . haha i think that's a total infp band . i've seen people type morrissey as infp , but he'd certainly be an odd one ! more vocally opinionated than most of us methinks . rain dogs , swordfish trombone , frank's wild years ... love , love , love these albums . :p roud : the isfp i know does seem to have an ' addictive personality ' . it could be a low self-esteem thing though , which from reading this section , i've seen to be a kind of type thing among isfps . i'm sorry ! haha i'm a psych major , and yes ! psych classes are always the most fun because the proffs know better than others how to catch the attention of their students , and how to , basically , best teach them ... oh , another one , walking in back alleys & empty side streets trying to avoid the eyes of people ! hahah i don't go out much except for school & work , but if you saw me there you could recognize me by the stiff way i walk around , rarely looking directly at anyone , while all the same trying to appear non ... haha i don't think i ever ' messed ' with anyone in my entire life ! like beyond a few seconds of silliness or something . i know one infp though who actually loves to mess with people , but he only ... you make some good points . the infp thing never really felt right to me anyway , maybe you're right ! he also seemed to be a fickle lover ( had many affairs ) , do you think that could be an entp trait as ... why do you think entp ? i've often seen him typed as infp . i'm not sure but i tend to see him as an introvert considering how much time alone he spent as a teenager and how much he read & wrote . the ... addictivemuse i hope so ! oh shit , this threads been dead for 2 years . oops . some people say john lennon was an infp but i think he was way too argumentative and open about his convictions to be one . plus , i don't get fi-dom from his lyrics . i think he was a t , what about ... i bet if you had a few really good friends you'd feel differently . i say that but i must admit that yes , i have felt envious of extroverts at times . and i often feel odd ! first love was an entp ( pretty sure ) and current one is an isfp . i have dumped both of these guys at some point due to the critical and finicky-ness that you speak of . luckily for me , the current ... i think you could still be an infp . you could just be a more well-rounded person than most people , like maybe you've developed more of your functions than the average infp on here or something . i'd ... ... you always make a to-do list because it is essential if you are to remember to actually do important things . however , you are constantly bumping today's left-overs onto tomorrow's list . ( they'll ... ... you lose marks on exams because you weren't descriptive enough ; you knew the answer , but you didn't spell-it-all-out , because you thought it was implied .  ... you used to have a hard time ... oh man , i was so shocked when i got my family to take the test , and each had to have me explain introspection to them . ( isfj , istj , & esfj ) . it was like some foreign concept to them , which had me in ... yes i've read that if you're confused you're most likely an infp . i thought i was infj for awhile , this site clarified it for me though : infj or infp ? a closer look plus , i find that i relate a ... me : infp brothers : isfj , estj parents : istj , esfj how did i come to be in a family of sjs ! : tongue : infp psychology major i find as i get older ( 24 now ) , i'm being much more graceful both in thought & physically . i still have those days where my mind shoots like silly string , and days where just walking in a straight ... when i as younger i had a lot of stuffed animals . i'd arrange them in a corner on the floor , making sure no ones head was covered because i didn't want any to feel suffocated or be unable to see the ... yes , i did this a lot in my late teens , early 20s . now i can control it mostly though , it only pops out when i meet someone who i find really interesting and i want them to like me . or do you mean that you can be overwhelmed by sensory information or something like that ? i consider myself sensitive to my surroundings in that i dislike harsh lighting , strong smells , loud sounds , ... yup . although it's less that i think others are judging me harshly , and more that i just don't like myself and so want to be alone until i do again . i never cry around anyone . there have been a few times but i was cornered into it . shit , nevermind infjs . according to this site : infj or infp ? a closer look , i'm more likely an infp . whoops . :p roud : haha ! '