' i want 5 kids : - an astro / nuclear / theoretical physicist who takes after albert einstein - a detective who takes after sherlock holmes - a doctor who takes after gregory house - an athlete ... really ? please do quote the exact sentence where i specifically said the words i like arguing again , really ? you're making me say things i didn't say . please do quote the exact sentence ... which is why i also said my being curious with stuff and wanting to see the other side of it , doesn't necessarily mean that i like actually discussing it with someone else , nor that i actually ... first of all , i never said that i love to debate :) when debating , there are times when the subject is of interest to me so i want to talk about it and other times , i feel it as a kind of itchy ... i went ahead and apologized . he told me not to worry about it , no hard feelings . i always see stuff as potential subjects for debate . even with simple statements such as i like being with ... thanks everyone for the great feedback , this is exactly what i needed . i am trying to find more balance ( as my infp friend suggested ) and by reading opinions coming from either side of the ... hello esfjs :) i need your opinion on the subject in the title so i felt like posting here would also increase visibility . i've made a thread in the intp forums and would be grateful if you can ... tl ;D r : the topic says it all . it is pretty drama-filled so if you don't want to read it ( and i totally understand ) , you can just give your own opinion on the subject , although reading the log would ... i'm glad to see that i'm not alone . your description fits me perfectly ( except that i'm a guy :) ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcVqJh0qEMc felt like listening to it after all these years http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y6ljFaKRTrI i believe my body and health are my most treasured possessions . a healthy body will lead to a healthy mind , and vice-versa . several years ago , i would never leave my couch / chair , either playing ... few questions for your story if you don't mind . also , please don't get angry if i sound doubtful or playing down your story . i am an intp after all and think some details don't fit in ( or rather , ... putting my thoughts into eligible words cooking plus some other things people mentioned above , such as and i had this dream last night . i was in a car with my family and i was in a hurry to catch a bus . once arrived ( bus station ? ) , i got off and my dog ( who passed away several years ago ) was there as ... here is the actual link : career test , free career test and personality profiler as for the results : not sure how it relates to the mbti but architect -> intp ? looks ok :) another good source of knowledge and motivation : your peers . we used to have lots of team projects ( 2 to 10 people ) that give you an idea of how it is to work with other people . good communication ... rayman 9102 from your first few posts , i can say we're pretty much alike , about 80 % :) funny to meet someone who's really similar to yourself . as for intp vs intj , i consider myself intj at work , ... glad i could help . one last piece of advice though : you must be careful when it comes to theoretical lessons . while not very interesting for most people , particularly when not taught by a good ... here is a similar thread in intj forums you might be interested in . i posted my thoughts in there as well . i don't mind when it's actually something i can help with ( ie . requires my skills ) because i feel confident enough i can work my way out . however , when someone does a speech at a table and ... some breakthrough you might be interested in : high schooler uses super computer to potentially cure cystic fibrosis original article ... when you don't learn from your mistakes because , you don't make mistakes . instead , you learn from other people's mistakes . zombieland has some pretty nice tips and tricks such as : - cardio - seatbelts - check the back seat - etc also , every situation that leads you to a facepalm because whatever some character did ... i'm an intj working as a software engineer . studied 5 year at a computer science school to get a master of computer science . i am not sure in which country you're getting your education from but ... i'm with you on this one ! i'd love to have a few astro / nuclear physicist as friends so i could bug them everyday with tons of questions ( they'd have to be keen to teach as well ) i'm kinda lazy and doing things last minute as well , though i am really trying hard to change that ( to a certain extent , it's working ) more than that , i've always sabotaged myself during the last ... intpish intj ( or the other way around ) every time i take the test , it switches back and forth . reading some more about differences between both , various situations make me intp while others make me ... you think too much you're just being paranoid you should go out , it would do you some good you should go talk to people how i'd kill myself ? by traveling into a black hole of course ! i attacked several people , several times on their hobbies . i won't specifically say what i said back then ( probably among the most hurtful things i've ever said ) because i still feel ashamed for ... yes ! thank you for sharing :) yes of course it would depend on the specifics . i was more thinking about the second case , as there are some people who actually try to push things as far as ... shows how i met your mother house md movies ( off the top of my head ) spirited away superman 1/2 / 3 / returns bourne films hero the dark knight more food for thought if your significant other asked you to do something stupid or something you would not usually do / totally contrary to your habits / beliefs etc , just to see if you would do it ... i most definitely agree about the first statement . however , could you elaborate more on the second part ? i believe this is actually the point . i want to see how other people think , see from ... c / c + + / c # . net hlsl / cg assembly ( x86 / ppc ) some funky stuff ( spus etc ) hmm i see . i was just looking at some info yesterday and have been reading what i could about all these topics but have yet to stitch it all together . big bang has been theorized but has not been proven yet . still , let's ride with the assumption that this is what happened . if space is infinite , and universe is still expanding its reach , what is ... not a * computer * game but still a game :) xenogears - definitely one of the best games out there http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KyVRSim-fQI if you haven't played it already , i know your intj ... trypophobia for me : fear of cluster of small holes , particularly on skin and such ... i just checked the definition by looking at some pictures and aaahhh keep them off me aaahhh ! ! ! i wanted to ... question for all intj : what's keeping you awake at night ? any things you wonder so much about that it could turn you crazy ? basically , if you could have your questions answered right here , right ... qft :) as stated , i simply spend time with them . this may seem boggling for some people but i think most intjs would find simple pleasures the most enjoyable . what do you fill your time with when you're bored and alone ? spend time on my computer , play video games , practice some guitar , sports ( jogging , swimming etc ) how do you think it relates to ... i do not smoke nor drink . it's bad for the mind / body and those are my most treasured possessions . thank you . after careful consideration and extensive reading of different materials / sources , i tend to believe i am actually intj though the difference is very very subtle . as said above , the ... i haven't tried those myself but some friends have been toying with gamemaker from yoyo games and construct from scirra ( sorry i can't post links yet ) technically you don't need to know any ... one thing i've found about myself is that while i'm learning new knowledge , it won't sink in ( become a part of myself ) unless i move on . i always got good grades at school without studying until ... there are several aspects to computer engineering . to be honest , there are so many areas that , while trying to cover them all is do-able , one cannot become an expert in all areas . you will have to ... i am pretty happy and very excited because of having found this intp community . by reading what is said about intps here , i feel like most of you already know me and understand me more than my ... 1 . ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . fortunately , no . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin fortunately , no . 3 . ) socially deprived yes and no ... i do go out , just not that often : tongue : 4 . ) ... '