' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fgzwmccgo1Y sorry if i implied that you were mentally unstable i did not mean to suggest anything like that , but almost 10 percent of us citizens suffer from depression disorders , 4 percent are psychopaths and i ... yes one must have a bad job in order to appreciate a good job . and stubbing your toe is pain not sorrow but yes i think in order to appreciate pleasure you must experience pain otherwise if you did ... your wrong happiness is just a word a word invented by man to describe his content with his life , also i don't think happiness is a mental state achieved via responsibility or continuously telling ... if someone cheats on you they are the irresponsible ones , think about it idiot if someone cheats on you it means they are too pathetic to break up with you in the first place , so instead of being a ... dude your a dick . stfu it wasnt his fault at all , we are intuitive but we are not psychic , and if you have ever loved someone you would know you cant really choose who you have feelings for it just ... i'm pathetically desperate to find love again but i often feel like i cant fall in love anymore . and it scares me . thank you guys , i understand a lot better now its more like that each personality type has different unhealthy traits . im not trying to knock infps just trying to figure out what people mean when there is someone who is an unhealthy it can be considerable of any type but what i wonder is what this truly signifies ... ok lemme rephrase the question ... how does one know when they are being or are unhealthy what are common traits of such condition and if so how do we become said healthy ? they mean well but they will do what it takes sort of thing even if it includes lieing or pretending ( they like to pretend ) . in my experiences they are like the main character from the movie rango ... i was not asking you to prove anything . you missed my point entirely ... you guys take everything so personally . beauty is only one descriptive word wouldnt you rather view the full spectrum ... one must know what ugly is in order to ... this is no competition my friend ... but what i think what op was trying to get at is that he was suggesting that you guys should start looking outward at ideas and things rather than inward and ... 6 . snap back to reality and realize you were only dreaming :P why do you compare us to them ? typically i dont think that we are anything a like ? you would be surprised how much one letter in personality types , can alter ones personality drastically . implying that when they do say something you dont like them anymore ? lmfao i always see on these forums people talking about healthy / unhealthy types or immature / mature types . i was wondering if somebody could define unhealthy for me in depth , so that i and others can get a ... from my experiences they are like chameleons they are typically obsessed with getting everyone to like them so they will mold themselves to whatever the person is like . its not really a weakness its ... http://i283.photobucket.com/albums/kk317/jfeddersouth/i-came-ghostbuster.jpg ... http://personalitycafe.com/image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAANSUhEUgAAAfQAAALACAIAAADqtxf7AAAgAElEQVR4nOy991cUa7eoe/6MPca5e5/v+9YygNDQOeecIzkHc84ZFREkiAKSBCQjSAYFOjfmrEjqrqpujNC5wbX2Ofeen+4PBYhhufJeunaP ... its easy for a sociopath to do anything . : tongue : dude ... im like the irl troll king no joke actually they are quite funny and easy to troll all you have to do is mess with there schedule a little bit and there whole day is ruined . i have a real good friend who is one . this is not a troll thread but i was wondering if irl you guys like to troll people . i find it very amusing and am quite partial to trolling people . its sort like my own unique way of socializing i ... lol just compare yourself to the other types and then you will know what im talking about . hogeiaiodaiogdsaoijhiofgashgiodhaiofhgklasjgfjisdfiohg ... yea that just happend the subjective opposite of fun from a superficial perspective . why are we so boring ? t's are lame / end thread shame of my own kine because this thread was actually created ignorance is bliss . stop thinking , start living . ... you know what i mean , some lesbians display male like features ... on purpose concurrently , t girls exhibit masculine like personalities but thats just the way they are . honestly i think you give them too much credit , they are human , they do make mistakes , and they make up less than 1 percent of the population . f male ... reason being is that its ok in society for a girl to not be as emotional i . e . tom boy / lesbian , but for a guy to be emotional is seen as a weakness . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P8a4iiOnzsc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lwS_YDzxH3M that actually makes a lot more sense . i wouldn't want to date someone who could figure me out so easily either . i think this happens to a lot of infp's i dont resist it and i dont think anyone should its a protective mechanism instilled in us from past misfortunes we may have had . occassionally though this ... apathetic - meaning nothing for anything or anybody even myself , the strong spells tho are extremely strong so strong in fact that they make me take stupid risks in my life that i normally wouldn't ... i don't think you guys understand , we are supposed to be very strong feelers , but i mostly feel apathy all the time occasionally tho i will have a strong spell of happiness or sadness usually happens ... oh i think i get it its sort of like a want what you cant have type thing . a lot of people tell me that i give off this vibe that makes ot seem as if i care about almost nothing at all which is true because most of the time i feel apathetic towards the rest of the world . i ... maybe your not an enfj ? well i think that i met one a couple of days ago , and i was completely and utterly enamored , she was unbelievably charming with little effort . and even though she was doing things that would normally ... department motor vehicles im extemely jealous i feel ya homie 21 and it still hasnt changed :( i dont quite follow you . strange ? not at all , thank you for reassuring me that im an infp maybe im just not as developed as some . because i do have deep thoughts but they are usually about past events and recollections of ... '