' i'm kind of a month too late for this fight , haha ! but you are like years too late--this thread was started in ancient times ! xd but okay , stick ' em up , let's see whatcha got . ( ง x95 ̀ _x95 ́ ) ง are you any ... i don't come around very often anymore , but i saw your thread and thought i'd say that i remember you ! don't know all these new people who are being so rude . young people these days ! back in * our * ... it wasn't meant to be . we'll just have to agree to disagree . taters , precious . aka nasty chips . alot of women is indeed an elusive creature and difficult to get with . eliminator of unnecessary apostrophes and inventor of fake jobs . aw , man . i always get notifications when people mention the pier - 56 person . i can has hug too ? ti-dom , fe-fail cycle forever . : sad : : frustrating : : rolleyes : how to get out of it ? i can't figure it out . people who are impressed by titles and status and assume you're just jealous when really you don't care . my intp brand of ignorance is that i have no idea what this thread is about or what some seem to think it is about . i could be curious about the latter , but eh , i don't think i care enough . i tend to like them more than they like me . meh . overthrow all the parties ! or just throw a party . ( i trust these parties as much as i can throw them . ) so-and-so is an introvert , but he's getting better . he talks to people and has friends . : angry : i read this as gets one frisbee . xd i think i'd actually find that more useful ... do i speak in absolutes ? absolutely .   ... but generally speaking , it usually makes me squirm a bit , i think . yes . no , i'm sure it does . always . it's never easy to speak in absolutes ... it's not my business what other people do with their time and money , but i can't help but feel a sinking , disappointed feeling when i hear a woman going on about how she can't resist looking at and ... xd trust intps to mobilize for the purpose of being told they're not really intps . i suppose i'll march along for the lulz . iamtp skream emerson nadjasix needsnewnamenow prof . song d7ark7 ... i do enjoy the lucrative misuse of words that are missmarpleisms ! feel free to call me at any hour of the day , even if it's for no particular reason and you just want to talk . just typing that makes me cringe . it annoys me when people ( i've mainly noticed it from extroverted feelers ) regard others as being mean if they don't initiate meaningless small talk or look friendly ( that is , wear a pasted-on ... sorry to have to tell you , but if you have the one that expires and / or requires an application fee , you have the wrong one . :( check his wallet for his official intp membership card . can this ancient thread be locked please ? ( or should we resort to passive-aggressive techniques to get it shut down or sent to spam world ? ) down with civilization ! or first go forward in time to see if utopia has been set up , then go back to ancient times and set it up yourself . all hail ! i think the us is a family with an estj dad , an esfj mom , and 2.5 esfp kids . ( or maybe one is esfp and another is estp . the . 5 can be an introvert and / or intuitive , but it doesn't count anyway . ) when i saw the thread title imagine an esfj likes you ... , my automatic reaction was lol no , i'd rather not , but then i thought well that is unfair and prejudicial , so i clicked on the thread to ... flowers growing in the wild or in other people's gardens : can be very pretty and interesting . flower patterns on clothing , furniture , wallpaper , etc : pretty much always garish . being expected to ... i'm grouchy , and these new changes make me feel grouchier . i agree with what others said about the brightness / color scheme and the avatars at the sides of the threads . also i don't like the tacky ... hmm . i take back the congratulations , then . unintentional trolls don't deserve any congratulations . i think that as a humorous thread , this was a failure , but as a trolling thread , it met with some success . congratulations . i think it would be funny and not entirely undeserved if some intps show up ... buy some canisters and transfer any chips to those , then . switch to pringles or other chips that come in canisters instead of bags . also don't let him have any . i would consider the cat's distrust and dislike to be punishment , but it doesn't sound like he cares about that . he probably thinks the whole thing is hilarious . i doubt that he would respond to ... lol , this thread . i mean , um ... i'm attractive because ... i laugh at your jokes ? or i laugh near them . sometimes . i totally agree with you that there are many normal people who have attitudes like the ones the op expressed . but there was a peculiar strangeness and inconsistency to this thread and the op at the ... the op of that thread is your new nemesis ! congrats to you both ! : tongue : john : people don ’ t have arch-enemies . sherlock : i ’ m sorry ? john : in real life . there are no arch-enemies in real life . doesn ’ t happen . sherlock : doesn ’ t it ? sounds a bit dull . john : so who did i ... one idea i had was that perhaps some hands-on objects could help illustrate concepts . people who misuse who and whom and / or commit other grammatical enormities , just because i can and may . : tongue : can i keep the wealth and leave the blah person ? : wink : why are you attacking me ? ! : angry : : crying : nah , just kidding . if you could give some specific examples of situations and / or comments , i could tell you if i would take those things personally or ... every time i see a post here in which an intp guy has been reading and is promoting those types of books , i get a horrible sinking feeling . maybe it works and gets you something that you want and ... i watched the film because of the cast and enjoyed the performances and the look and tone and style . the story itself and most of the characters are better served by the book and the bbc miniseries ... well , you * are * very delicious . ah , but smooth or crunchy ? that is the question . verily , starbucks and the internet form the path to true enlightenment . looks like we are robot twins--congratulations to us ! tinker , tailor , soldier , spy , by john le carré . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CNJ0cWKYJgI i remember when you were black and white with kind of wild hair going this way and that way ! you seem all grown up now . this makes me feel kind of sad for some reason . : '