' if i could have it my way in real life , chasee i just saw this reply after my post . good on you . no point suffering your health trying to appease someone who doesn't seem to bother putting minuscule effort to raise the relationship . sounds like a mega soap opera . at various points , it sounded llike he had already shut the door on you . personally for me , i think of the words i choose to communicate online carefully because my ... now that i'm in army conscription to protect 5.5 mil people sardined in a piece of land the size of london , i can't help but daydream about my holiday to the swiss lands : crying : ... well damn . you seem to blow emotions up easily , like this enfp girl i know - yet i still like her it's interesting you brought that up . i'm a 90 ' s kid , grew up in a culture where americana was growing to be the idealised ( i'm gonna follow my former colonial's spelling ) culture and lifestyle in my ... i dream on a daily basis . though i tend to forget rather quickly . sometimes it's eventful , sometimes bleh . maybe i'll edit this post again to jot down em dreams haha food for thought 1:06- 7:15 , not exactly about pc though the word ( and like topics discussed ) is mentioned at 3:57 . and , this excerpt is from a game in 2001 before the digital world intensified ... i mostly think about the worst-case / negativity that comes along for that very upcoming or future moment . i mostly have a practical picture in my head , but i always tend to paint it with the worst ... my first post in this thread : unsure : http://i.imgur.com/rTxOpZL.jpg if you live where i live , those experiences will invoke even stronger feelings and sentiments : sad : you have easily described the type of friendship i currently have with an isfj female friend . and she's the only person i know / have in which i am the bouncing ball rather than the wall being bounced ... black front because black bezels tend to blend in better with the ui . was aiming for an overall colour scheme to match the classy momentums : happy : http://i62.tinypic.com/sdcv83.png ... infp before isfp . no other misadventured types intp with isfp ? http://www.quickmeme.com/img/3d/3d2435c6fde1ef1a119472be31d6aed15ad51f9930fd96f46084d13fa205a60e.jpg http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lkhj0qXTIS1qcfdn8.gif dumaresq http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-DA_aeBRGEc4/T4BLE6VmW5I/AAADCs/ptqHK8FDeKQ/s400/3Ufig1.gif http://cdn.gifbay.com/2013/05/greedy_hamster_loves_fat-46438.gif http://d24w6bsrhbeh9d.cloudfront.net/photo/aWZLx1n_460sa.gif http://img0.joyreactor.com/pics/post/gif-cat-high-five-guy-944468.gif ... very true . i have a close entj male friend . we have plenty of common ideals and values . we both are aware that we both have some differing fundamentals since we are from different racial cultures , ... you should've just titled your thread to advice from the hedgehog : laughing : dear entj hottie ( if that dp is indeed you ) , there's no need to overthink things that i said . the taste ( and enjoyment ) of the pie is more important than the meaning / significance of pi . pri : environmental tan sec : crystal interesting test http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-Sn7YMKfps20/UQaUNaILhBI/AAAKTQ/BYDr_D-wtlQ/s320/dp.jpg just eat the frickin pie : mellow : i highly dislike us style of tv . nearly everything needs to be dramatised , overly sensational and contain someone's plight story . it's too scripted and edited to the point of being predictable . even ... rule 1 ) don't force me into small talk with you rule 2 ) don't put me in a situation where lots of small talk is needed rule 3 ) if i dislike you , i won't make noise , but i'll pull away in a friendly ... gender : m hair color : natural hair style : no styling done eye shape : asian eye color : asian glasses : y personal style / manner of dress : t-shirt & jeans favorite color : no favourite makeup : ... putting on an extrovert's mask on for a popular youtuber https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uq3mcmpXdRY try living in singapore . you'd feel so pressed being in a city with no quiet / empty places around and the government's policy of making everyone work till their deaths without retirement i regret to inform you that the group ( isfps ) is unable to cater to your nature of request ( category : potential violence ) mentioned above . no daydreaming or solo chilling in a quiet cafe / lounge . i get bummed out after work due to all the socialising and masking i have to put on at work . basically , lots of me-time what does an isfp seek from a long term relationship ? commitment and sustaining for each other what does being serious for someone means to an isfp ? it means taking the relationship seriously ... never try to match society rules with an isfp : laughing : you checked off 62 out of 83 scenarios ! ... i can relate to this as one of my good friends is an entj . during early days , he was often confused as to my awkward introversion and sudden retreats . i could easily sense that he was constantly ... best to ignore her till she comes back . and when she does , try to be warm and welcome with open arms instead of questioning why and what happened . doing the latter would make things worse because she ... i identify alot with the points in blue . as for the point in purple , it's a combination of personal tolerance and religion teachings ( in my case ) . yes , my religion prohibits homosexuality , but that ... looking good . that means she's warming up towards you . my dry humour normally comes out when i'm comfortable with being closer to my real self with someone single.unwanted . neverattachedbefore i try to picture it though . the only time i'd be the one doing the breaking up is if my ( usually irrational ) thinking kicks in , and in the heat of the moment , ... for me personally , i wouldn't play that sort of game , let alone stroke my own ego , over a girl that i like . reason being is that i would have too much respect for her to deter me doing that in the ... would be easier if there's a mind reader , cause i can't find words to describe my thoughts , & there's many little details of which i can't be bothered to type for a reply : laughing : 1 ) why i feel ... personally , i don't think he has less-than-moral reasons / intentions . but i'm pointing out you the quickest and most effective way to get him to stop staring ( and annoying ) you . from the words in ... because of beautiful places & music like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMUxpTb_wWc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-M5ZxpVgbU stop thinking about what ifs and what might happen . you want it to stop , just get on with it and be direct . there's no way to be nice while clearly pointing him straight in the face that you're ... what the heck , make your mind up entj lioness ! just single him out , sort it out with a straightforward chat and close this chapter . what makes you think he'd still have feelings for you after you ... infj . lots of borderline values though warning - random junk may be found below a little relate-able for me that playful statement . girl-friends - carefree playing on my superficial level , but i get serious when going deeper . girl ... combo of both . but i'd be fairly certain to some extent that he has feelings for you . i may be diving too much into simple actions , but here's what i think anyway ( or at least what i'd be thinking if ... for me , i'd become more awkward , extra reserved and become more observant than usual . amongst my regular friends , i tend to be annoying with my constant sarcasm and dry jokes . you haven't ... my thoughts don't look like a snapshot of a . jpeg , it's what they feel like a moment of a . gif . intense and intimate moments , with lots of details around . like collective rich experiences ... '