i think this was my original point . when people group up it often makes me a bit ' uncomfortable ' - it's not the right word , but the first that comes to mind . in a breakfast club-scenario everyone is ... friend was throwing a big ( ish ) party , fundraising for his scouting group . this was in my hometown , so mainly attended by 15-18 year olds . in support we went early and to thank us for that we got ... after graduating i flew to cancun on a one way ticket . i traveled through southern mexico for about a month , guatemala for three weeks , spent three weeks in nicaragua , celebrating christmas , new year ... i once had this guest lecturer on marketing . he had started in biology and specialized in evolutionary biology before going to psychology and eventually marketing . he applied evolutionary biology to ... i'll start this by saying that i haven't been very active on this forum for ages . when i first came here , the test gave me either intp or entp . i did it again today and got infp . i guess the past ... hah ! i have recently returned home after traveling for a year and five months . after graduating i left for mexico on a one way ticket , not quite sure where i'd fly back from . i planned on spending ... i once watched this movie as i had taken a psychedelic with a very slow come-up . i think - just as with any of kubrick's movies - you need to watch it , paying attention to everything all the time ... first of all , i'd like to state that it's been quite a while since i've visited this forum . i feel like randomly posting a topic dedicated to my own problems is , in an internet-way selfish , but i ... people think about me and value me so much that they try to control me . why aren't you a bit more ambitious ? why don't you have a girlfriend ? we should set you up with someone ? are you a player ? ... watch the movie the man from earth the scale of the universe 2 i was raised catholic ; baptised , catholic schools , first communion ( in first grade i think ) , second communion ( in 6th grade ) . to prepare for our second communion we had to go to school on saturday . on ... well , fun and jobs do merge . hopefully they do atleast a little . someone once told me that whatever you do should be atleast 80 % fun . the 20 % annoying part is a minimum you should learn to deal with ... “ the only absolute knowledge attainable by man is that life is meaningless . ” ― leo tolstoy , a confession so , do whatever your responsobilities require and have shitloads of fun on the side ? ... my hate of hypocrisy how do i relationship ? i used to think a relationship was like being friends , but with sex . since i'm not the most normal person , i find it hard to have friends i really like and trust . in fact i ... how much fun it would be to have someone to hang with who is genuinely interested in me and my personality . i probably wouldn't be able to do or say anything wrong . how i need you .. https://soundcloud.com/otherpeoplerecords/darkside-live-pitchfork i fucking love this band / project / whateveryawannacallit don't want to listen through the entire set ? start at 27minutes . it's my ... primary school i was in a smart class . i think this may have influenced me a lot . i didn't do well for my parents , i didn't do well for me , i just did well to be better than my friends and say ... i don't really need said girl to be drunk , i need to be drunk . and not only to find the courage , but also to have something to fall back onto if said girl didn't want to kiss me . i can explain my ... i make girls laugh . then i tease them and let them get back at me . i check how far i can take it with them . how rude i can be only to say i'm sorry right after and get called an inbred stinkface ... 88743 like seriously it is obvious , you are bullshit . but why ? also , i think it's not only individual , but also relies a lot on the people in your environment . i have a few friends i can really philosophise with ... i didn't care too much for theoden . it wasn't the worst of sacrifices , just an old king making a logical choice , but frodo was a young aspiring hobbit , leaving to the elf islands forever . and ... well , that's probably because i actually believe in it . i failed two years of college and didn't know what to do with my life after that . my dad told me that his dad told him that your memory works ... alan watts i have the feeling i'm quite smart . always have been fast / clever , but always sucked at remembering information . so , when someone gives me something to think about , i'll proces it fast and generate ... remembering a girl i once was with , smell is the worst , followed by certain songs . when they say goodbye at the boats i tear up like a little bitch although it probably sounds pretty good in your head , you're wrong . i used to think of models of a perfect society too . actually , i often still do it . but i've come to realise one thing : we're ... that's what i meant , that they wanted me to come over . could've , would've , should've .. :D near the end of our second game a couple came in asking if they could use the table . my friend said we ... i don't have too much experience with girls , and the stuff that happened , all was spontaneous . it just happens , it's right , it's meant to be . usually i'm ( dancing ) at a party when a girl i already ... i guess everybody can relate to that awkward conversation where you said something stupid or that argument where you had a bad rebuttal ; afterwards - when the conversation is over , a day later or even ... shit , we'd be a great team . or maybe we'd just get wasted and philosofise about everything and nothing . i want it ! i want it ! i want it ! so , i fell in love . * * we hooked up . it clicked . it clicked on a level that gives me a lot of trouble explaining it in words . cosmic energy . the language of the universe . she asked me if i was in ... the worst of all in my opinion is the following : every major religion preaches love above all else . yet extremists always focus on the fucking details . don't eat this , don't do that . they kill ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3K-2BO-aGQ everything is art if you want it to be . no matter how crap it is , no matter how gifted you are . you create something , it's art if you want it to be . you ... sarcastic and cynical remarks / jokes are what keeps me going . unfortunately there's not a lot of people that get them and can laugh with me at the others . when i'm back home and we're having dinner ... i always have trouble dealing with someone who smells like an ex . i once read that smell is the sense of memory . somehow i get the urge to randomly make out with them , but i have to restrain myself ... 85564 one of the few pictures of myself i don't hate :) alive perfectionistic and sets high standards for self and others - yet i quickly dismiss them when i'm out of time has strong moral convictions - not really - edit : well , i do on a global scale , but i ... to answer your question : i think i'd try to get a job in the government . trying to help everyone do what they want , make the system work while also making people happy . to get into the ... thanks , and i guess this is quite important . there have been a few moments where i was under the influence of alcohol and / or drugs and i've said something like : if i were gay or girl , i'd totally ... college is depressing . despite studying something that's relevant and interesting , all i see down the path is graduation followed by working . obviously you can't study or travel forever , but the way ... it just happens to me . i meet people , at school , at parties , ... and if it clicks i'll keep talking to them . for example : i knew lewis from highschool . we got along , but in our second year at ... i'm against organised religion . have been ever since about 6th grade when i had to do my communion thingie ( raised catholic ) . all the shit they say , just don't make any sense . so i turned more towards ... 1 ) hide anything valuable , lock all cabinets that should be locked , put up plastic or bubble wrap wherever you need to 2 ) buy lots - like seriously , loads - of alcohol 3 ) invite a lot of people ... this seems to work just as well , and is a lot easier than reading the entire book , even though that might be very useful . oh well , last night i got drunk with a friend i haven't seen that often ... as qingdom said : both . if you feel in love , it's love . if you feel an affection for someone that you have no logical explanation for , that's love . it might be like a lightningflash , intense but ... i was going to make a topic , it turned out to be more of a blogpost , so i posted it as one . but my sad , selfish blogposts don't get too much reaction so : how often are you lonely ? i have it ...