' i'm holding off for the reasons in number 1 , just hoping at some point i can break free of his team and lead my own ... but the company seem's to have a lot of plans or thoughts about things that ... well it isn't a nice place to be in when someone can turn from nice to angry so fast . but if there is money issues it is most likely pressure causing these explosions . is he threatening when angry or ... ohhh right so i might be an actual intj ? or just more of a feeler but have strong thinking ... lol i'm done trying to figure this stuff out i'll just stick with what the tests say themselves . not that i've noticed but i do get moments where my heart feels like it has skipped a beat or stopped only to kick in right at the moment i start to panic ... the thing is i have this guy so pegged i know what he is going to do and why he is going to do it ... but he is my boss and i can't continue to call him out on it ... not just because i might lose my ... taking away all the type associated stuff that is tossed into the post . what i have gotten from it is you loved your husband for 4 years for who he was , and now he is somebody different than the ... well that would also tie in with my question i asked the other day about growing into / changing types as i've always felt on the right day ... right amount of confidence ... clothes fit right ... i could go into it in so much detail but the short of it is , everything he does or says is a show and / or to further himself in life without a regard for anyone else , i can see right through it ... and ... lol true i'm always either thinking or feeling :D those are how i open most conversations with ... i think or i feel . is thinking an infj trait ? surfjan stevens - should have known better wet - i don't wanna be your girl no more and watching videos of seasons change by future islands because the main singers live performances just draw me ... see i don't know how to type people but i was just going on who i felt i mostly resembled in a conversation and norton stood out as very me ... he uses i feel a lot when he is talking which is ... it basically comes down to if i feel comfortable , on the same level or above them whether i keep eye contact . this is the perfect example of me having / losing and regaining eye contact depending on ... just rewatched it and i have to take back a little what i said ... i think cumberbatch was more comfortable listening than when he was having to speak ... which norton wasn't having any issues with . ... i keep reading people being able to figure out if they are an infj ... entp etc ... just by how they come across in a conversation but don't understand what they are looking for . i was just watching ... if it's small niggling stress , just being on my own and watching movies / tv shows can be enough to keep my mind off it and relax . if it's a big stressor nothing works except sleeping ... if my mind ... god i wish there was an off switch sometimes i really do ! then i'd maybe have more friends ... even if they were fake ones ... cause well i wouldn't know would i ? but unfortunately ... it is always ... start to crumble ... i will become more withdrawn if allowed to be , but obviously with things like work you need to attend so force yourself to go when all you want to do is stay in your own ... yeah pretty much minus the ripping off out tops and with a few more curse words ;) dupe i would describe myself as one of those dogs ... that when you are clapping it and it's tail is waggling and it look completely happy and at ease but then all of a sudden out of nowhere bites you ... the thing is when in a 1 v 1 situation a lot of my personality will drip into the conversation but i've always been able to identify with people easily and almost chameleon like bring things into ... i tear up way too much to things that just shouldn't be getting as much of a reaction as i give it ... i think im sensitive to even just music changes in a movie ... just watching the intern with ... igor just caught that story through the other posters quote and my does it hit hard because it's so true ... too let someone go despite still having a large place in your heart for them because it's ... i've never looked at it the same way you mentioned but i have in my life found myself drawn to certain things for no known reason or being able to pick something up faster than anyone else without ... 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? write my own songs and perform them as the ... well i was just hoping that once he got over the initial embarrassment or whatever feeling , that on his next trip gave it a go and it made it a little easier for him ... but yeah i have these moments ... i do indeed my guitar hero growing up played one and for the exact reasons you pointed out ... being heavy made like a baseball bat ... he whacked the crap out of it while trying to make some crazy ... lol yeah cause it is one of the most dangerous and daunting things when you first hit the gym , i actually practice what i preached to the kid .. when i do the squats i lift off from the frame ... my profile picture is my default picture face ... and most likely my default walking about face ... i do remember not so long ago in my younger years i was described as the face of a dreamer ... i ... well i keep reading on here at libraries and museums ... since i'm very much a home bird and not a reader ... prefer a good movie / tv show with visuals ... i think my best bet is a cinema .. and since we ... so i'm in the gym ... i've been lifting for a good while so have a good bit of knowledge and grip of it . i see this young kid doing squats and struggling when returning to frame to sit the weights ... i am patient if i know the thing / person or whatever it is i'm dealing with is going at the correct / fastest speed it can . but if i know that i'm being delayed by something that is within control then ... when i am engaged in a conversation 1 to 1 with a stranger , i'm very much the most domineering ... talking most , pushing the conversation in whatever direction my mind decides to wander ... and don't ... god yes i look so unapproachable even though i am in a nice mood inside ... people just automatically from distance think i'm in a mood ... it's not until they get closer and see my eyes that the see ... i've always like a certain shade of purple on a black background for some reason ... just always been drawn to it . all my pc desktops are usually this combo ... i shall try finding the purple i'm ... see i can see your point in that looking for the same back in return is in a way asking for something , but what we are wanting isn't something that we should need to be asking for ... it's something ... so the i / e part is interchangeable but the rest remains the same ? yeah i think that pretty much sums me up ... depending on confidence level or if i feel fully recharged . fake friends who are also fake to each other ... i'm the only real one in the group with good intentions and they are all two faced to each other ... yet because i call them out on it , i'm the hard ... see i don't really mind if they are doing their own thing and i'm doing mine , it's just the part you mentioned about they aint ever had a friend like me ... and it is true but some people don't see ... when i was younger i was kind of much easier going but as i've gotten older i tend to have my bullshit detector set to 11 , so if it's someone new or i've not known that long if they do something ... hey guys thanks for the replies i always had a hard time figuring this stuff out because as i said although i spend probably everyday of the year on my own inside my own bubble , if and when im out ... i've been struggling to figure whether i am truly an infj and you just hit the nail in the head for me ... would love to meet an infj lady but i am more of a tv / movie kind of guy and from the looks of this thread they all hang out in libraries and museums two places i have zero interest in ... i mean i ... for example i was one of the most popular outgoing guys in school , but i always did my own thing so at one point when my tastes changed for example sport to music ... i began to hang with people seen ... i know this is probably gonna be the same as what anyone would say about their mother ... but she is honestly the only person i have met in my life that has no hidden agendas , no fakeness or anything ... yeah just wanted to see what others thought rather than a quiz by giving a little information about myself more than anything tbh . i keep getting in infj or infj-turbulent depending on what site i use , i've always been very interested in these personality types as i feel i'm not like anyone else i meet ... in a good way but it ... which of the two are most likely to lash out physically when things get too emotionally charged ? i am not a violet person and can be pushed pushed pushed and take it until the silliest little thing ... hey everyone thanks for the replies yeah tbh a lot of what is being put there is like me only thing that aint is the getting to know me as im such an open book but i guess when im shutting myself off ... '