' almost never . the only other results i got other than 9 were either 6 ot 5 . i'm still not too sure if i'm a 6 or a 9 but for now i think a 9 fits more . also i used to confuse my mbti type as an infj ... hi everyone ! i haven't been active here or posted since months ago but i missed this place ! how have you all been and how's life been treating you ? :p roud : didn't have many relationships to be honest . even though i fancy the idea of being in a relationship i'm too cautious to actually start a one easily ha but nothing special happened in my previous ... i agree and relate to your answer ! :p roud : fresh hey at least you didn't get a bird ! : laughing : a cat can bite and scratch but what would a bird do other than poop ? ? brightflashes lol it's okay you didn't put too much information : tongue : and i was so close to saying i have an istp brother if you want i'll be your wing-woman until i finished reading your ... just putting it out there but i think ravenclaws are the coolest : cool : yay i've found one of my people ! : laughing : * hug * this is why i've been silent so far hahaha but i did get ravenclaw more than once too before . alright but you all made me more curious about your enneagrams if you know it , please tell me ! : ball : okay regardless of what type she is she just sounds unhealthy and immature , i'm genuinely sorry you have to deal with that type of attitude from your mother you deserve better . i felt the need to ask this i don't know if someone already did but , i had to : laughing : i'm curious to know i appreciate you taking note of my sexy ass ; ^ ) i shall now keep on wiggling and dabbing while watching where this thread is heading :p enguin : but seriously this went wild too fast hahaha woah there now you're asking too much , it was merely little wiggles and a few dabs . if you want me to limbo too just prepare to pay the medical fees just saying i have no clue what is going on but i've been summoned so now i'm here :p enguin : : laughing : my siblings say i'm a living meme and i enjoy replying with memes most of the time . but definitely not a serious concern to keep up with the newest memes or something hahaha but ... i chose 1-9 times a month , i can't even remember the last time i had a dream : bored : i used to dream a lot but lately not so much : confused : i don't think i've ever been in love so far , but i actually push it as much as i can and the thought of it kind of scares me . as for a simple relationship , yes i just love the feeling of being in a ... i was actually the complete opposite : laughing : but i did used to stand for myself more when i was a kid . as for rebel ? nope aelthwyn i really love your answer and you mentioned points that i'm lacking in now , i will do my best to try and improve that way of thinking . i personally believe everyone deserves to be loved . yes some may not appreciate it as others would but that doesn't mean not everyone deserves it . but i understand what you are saying , i did ... missal thank you very much i will try my best to keep that point of view in my mind :) cephalonimbus i did have a lot of toxic relationships , not romantically all are actually either family members or friends , but some i left and the others are becoming more mature as time goes . of ... brightflashes thank you so much for your reply i mean it . because all of the things you said are exactly what i was talking about . it's true forgiveness became harder for me , i tend to forget easily ... cephalonimbus it's hard to answer but probably just to feel like it's worth it in a way ? not feel ignored or like it doesn't matter ? along the lines of that . and that's i want to just love and care ... year of caimans you don't have to apologize for anything it wasn't cheesy . and like you said just loving purely for the concept of loving , and from what you wrote what i might be lacking is patience ? ... basically what others mentioned , be genuine . don't make her feel judged if she opens up to you . be playful . if she already accepted you just be yourself because that's who she liked . hey everyone . i don't know if this is something you struggle with too or not , but like the title says any advice on how to love more just for the sake of loving ? without expecting it or anything in ... i don't know why but something about phone calls always feels awkward . it's the awkwardness and awkward occasional silences that make me avoid it like the plague lol but if it's for a purpose other ... seriously out of curiosity : laughing : i noticed that i tend to get embarrassed over the smallest things compared to people i know in person , and i wondered if it's an infp thing as well . entheos why is this so relatable ? ? : laughing : for some reason i get embarrassed with strangers too more than people i already know and comfortable with , one of the reasons i don't like to have to ... hey fellow infps i'm here just to ask out of curiosity : laughing : do you guys get flustered / embarrassed easily ? 1 - i almost never cry in front of others . ( not kidding it's been about a year and more since i last did ) 2 - i rarely complain unless it's something serious . 3 - i actually love to debate , and no i ... i really relate to what you said , i tend to get hurt easily and pretty hard as well , so i started getting more guarded and grounded as years went by . but lately i started opening up again more , it's ... i really relate to what you said , i tend to get hurt easily and pretty hard as well , so i started getting more guarded and grounded as years went by . but lately i started opening up again more , it's ... that was really interesting and beneficial to read so thank you very much for sharing it ! also from what you said are you sure you may not be an infj ? i honestly don't advise you to judge based off ... that's a good point that i didn't think of , i did hear before about it and that it stops at 24 . i'm 18 years old when i first took an mbti test i was 16 and i got isfp but now i mostly get infp ... tests tend to mistype me as an infj most of the time , but i've also mistyped as isfp and isfj before . i haven't been mistyped as a thinker so far though ( except once months ago , when i was angry a ... that is so cute though : laughing : : blushed : lately i've come to conclusion that there isn't an ideal type for me , because i've been extremely attracted to someone but also completely turned off by someone else from the same type . definitely ... too much sleep : laughing : i find it an immature way of dealing with problems , because i'm someone who's always ready to talk through any problem i think it's unnecessary . oh god this .. : laughing : i thought i was the only one who's not facially expressive . i'm just bad at it , sometimes i'm the opposite too expressive but most of the time just blank . entheos aw it's a good thing that your parents spend christmas together with you all regardless of everything else , and it seems like you had a fun christmas too ! : tongue : and you're lucky that ... nesta i'm really happy to hear you guys managed to revive the feeling of christmas ! : blushed : really isn't that what makes it so special and different ? you guys should always just do what you want ... that's a really creative and lovely way to spend christmas , not only did you spend it with your family but you made it meaningful . so definitely worth the hassle and effort ! honestly your comment ... just another infp passing by to ask , how was your christmas guys ? anything interesting or new happened ? if hopefully not any complaints ? i really hope you all enjoyed it or at least were warm and in ... i haven't exactly heard it from someone but i indirectly notice it , and i'm more than happy to see someone not scared to just be themselves with me ! : tongue : as for why people tend to feel that ... i got infj .. : o i wasn't expecting infj honestly but it's not weird , i mean the closest person to me is also an infj after all . xnfjs in general tend get along well with me ^ ^ to be honest when i first read that we're associated with being cuddly and what not i was kinda baffled too : laughing : because in reality i rarely allow someone to get touchy with me . but if it's ... exactly this . racism definitely gets my blood boiling , it's clearly unjust . seriously how does the color of someone's skin actually determine their personality in anyway ? or how they should be ... yeah if there's anything that can actually get me angry is when someone gets treated differently and unfairly , whether because they have a disadvantage or just for no reason . i tend to notice if ... '