i recently decided that next year i'm going to apply for psychology as my major , i've been trying to decide between pedagogy , anthropology and psychology . and i've come to the conclusion that ... thanks parkerstribs , i will dwell on what you've said . you've definitely helped . out of curiosity though , where are you from ? thanks everyone , i appreciate your responses . i had her take the test at some point cause she was wondering about what she wanted to study later on , she came out entj . but lodemia i've definitely ... hey everyone , ix92m writing this to start with in word since i want to set this text up properly first before posting it . i might post it in both infp and entj forums , i hope thatx 92s okay with the ... hey everyone , ix92m writing this to start with in word since i want to set this text up properly first before posting it . i might post it in both infp and entj forums , i hope thatx 92s okay with the ... i recently had a thing with an entj woman and i have to say , i find them quite interesting . there are more suitable matches , theoretically yes but there's just something about their drive that turns ... haha , funny thread . i have to admit , when i feel i'm about to sneeze i kinda prepare for it , to get the most out of it . and then always kinda make it as loud as i can ... ahhh . feels so good ! :-) hey there , i guess there are as many types of families as there are many of them . each one has its own problems , one way or another . i have a decent relationship with my dad but the relationship with ... one of my best friends is an infj , i find it can be very relaxing and relieving to talk with him about stuff . he's a good guy and a clever one . i find though sometimes that i need to balance ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dj1gTCzbx6s this . simply , this ... edit : i can honestly say this song makes me feel loved , i don't know ... everything will be okay ... hugs to you maze :) and damn it to all of you ! :D some of the teachers i had while in grammar school ( think that's the word , anyway from 6-15 yrs old ) were pretty good , i remember some of the things they said to me . i remember when i was in danish ... http://sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/photos-ak-snc1/v3834/105/125/685517520/n685517520_1709266_460118.jpg this is me , taken about ... well almost two years ago while i was living in copenhagen <3 i admit , ... i've been playing a priest ( disc or holy ) for years now , i started playing in beta in december 2004 ( before eu release ) and leveled a shaman to about 54 then i quit that since i thought it was kinda ... i've thought about this type of thread before but never actually seen one ( as far as i remember ) nor bothered to create one . i'm 24 and i'm still a virgin ( man feels weird saying it ) and to be ... i just got an e-mail reminding me of this thread . i'm glad you can relate . but i just remember another occasion where this happened to me , i dreamt it . it was something about me and my brother being ... i have listened to this song hundreds ( seriously , itunes let's you see ) of times since i discovered it about 3-4 years ago . i cannot get enough of the feel in it , it has also had major inspirational ... hey i've wanted to post about this for some time now but what i think bothers me the most about being an infp is this intense longing to help someone , it's not even something i want anymore ... it's ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ixOdgv8FdbQ - here's another one by hammock , they are so good at what they do . this one is slightly more rythmical but has some intensily beautiful guitar ... what you said resonated with me and i think you might be talking about my post . i remember you answering it so i looked it up again ... here it is ... i'm actually right there with you . i think some form of black humor is the best . i also sometimes think that the whining over the unfortunate events of life on this board can be too much . i stress ... i'd have to say very very emotional music that's bound to feeling rather than rythm , this can be film music / ambient / classical / post-rock . if you'd really know me , you'd know that the only thing i really want from life is to be able to give the ultimate gift / sacrifice . hey everyone , my name is steinþór and i'm from iceland . nice to meet you . iceland's a decent place for being infp i think , people get pretty materialistic over here since we did very well ... a pretty inspiring thread . i always loved baldur's gate i and ii . besides that i'm a big big fan of dragon age and mass effect as well . i'm generally a big bioware fan . i played world of warcraft a lot and still do a bit ... i've begun recently to seperate myself from my family , all my cousins ( a lot ! ) that i was once a lot closer to . my sister has always been close to me but i feel myself compelled to distance myself ... i've recently found out , or more like over the course of the last year that i much more prefer socializing with girls that are in relationships or at least dating another guy . i noticed when one of ... i got 18/20 as well and i also knew that thing with the eyes before , that helps . a lot . i don't look at details in the eyes , just if there's a general feeling of pleasure in the eyes . not to hard i ... got 90 % extroverts , doesn't surprise me really , since i very much notice how much energy i get from smiling extroverts :-) i used to lay traps in conversations for people , just realized i haven't done it in a while . pretty hurtless , just logic traps about things they didn't know i knew or something similar . to see if i ... jeeezzz ... that sounds exactly like my dad , you hit it dead on with pessimistic . i'm unemployed right now but i'm moving to iceland pretty soon , got a job there in a kindergarten . i would like to meet some enfj girls , i think they would be a nice fit . i could easily adjust to their behavior and lifestyle . other types might include some nt's . seems like you could use this book here : amazon.com : vagabonding : an uncommon guide to the art of long-term world travel (9780812992 182 ): rolf potts : books i read it and it's incredibly ... waking up with loved ones around me , and sharing moments with them . eating a healthy breakfast and enjoying life by taking a walk with my soulmate in a big ( very ) green park and possibly walking ... i was wondering wether you guys knew of a web page one could take the mbti test ? which normally would not be a problem but i was thinking about getting my mom to take it , she's not that fluent in ... hehe damn , i had such a good answer for cheesy . it's all good though :-) sounds and imagery to go along with . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjIWriDTptY i find myself here night after night . the lights are out and the sky's turned dark . it's quiet and no one's ... wow that last part just hit me so hard , hehe . i am too like that . this text is exactly the case for me , actually word for word . i'm also 24 and i've wasted numerous opportunities to be with girls . i guess i might've been afraid at times . i'm still single , i find ... i'm thinking about anthropology atm , not because of the one type of job you get when you graduate , but rather the skills and the general education you acquire . for me it's about educating the mind ... i would to a certain extent say that i have the same problem . i moved away from my home country two years ago , roughly to study in a school that lasted one semester ( that's how long it is , i didn't ... i think i know what you mean . one of my very best friends is an entp / intp and i've tried for many years to form some of the same qualities he has . he is without a doubt the most intelligent person i ... i'm icelandic and i speak english and danish . i think it's indeed fun learning new languages . i couldn't believe how much difference there is in learning a language from books in school and learning ... i guess i'd have to say my guitar , i love playing it so much . for those into guitars it's like the one at middle-left on this picture . imageshack - picture549.jpg i actually think it might be ... that sounds sad , i'm afraid i can't totally relate , although i do know the feeling of having this selfless pressure on you forcing you to take the blame . i guess we infps can sometimes be too ... i can actually smell the cake already ... ( ahh infps ... ) i can definitely relate , i'm a male infp and regularly go through a personal crisis . i live by myself in another country ( that i wasn't born in that is ) and have less than a handful of friends to talk ... fun question , i would keep 5 millions for myself , give 1 million to my brother and sister for their children's higher education . then i would probably give the rest away to a worthy cause . what i ...