' macona , it depends if the big family has extroverted people or not . everyone literally in my house is an introvert ( 2 istjs , infj , ixxx , infj / infp , intj , and the baby of my family - - my brother - - - ... ^ not to break the infp erotica theme going here , but i was just on fb and saw this acquaintence / friend i thought was interesting and kinda dateable was in a relationship with a guy . man , i have ... exactly me ! though i tend to turn to god a lot even when i'm not feeling like anything in particular . i feel like god is my family , like a watchful parent and when i've been so distraught , i've felt ... woah , so are mine ! my dad's the istj and my mom's the isfj . my siblings are : istj , ixxx ( seriously , we've tried to type her and we think she's a psychopath because she just can't be typed ) , intj , ... i've been m . i . a from this site for a couple of days and not replying to anything / anyone because from time to time , i need a mental break from my current obsessions . xd i'll reply to all of the ... my sun sign and ascendent are taurus , my moon is virgo , and my venus is in aries . i have a lot of earth and fire in my chart which , i think , wouldn't give off the impression to other people that i'm ... aha , you must have had an interest in me when i was crushing hard on you . i'm so stupid to have not realized it ! but it's okay cause i would have made a terrible , insecure girlfriend and i wasn't ... orangeappled , your post is just everything i would say on the topic of fashion and i would create a million accounts just so you could get a million thanks on it . i'm surprised too that most ... see , thank you , she is an infp and not an enfp lol . and omfg , i love that cat so much . i always have dogs coming up , wanna be licking me but if i had that cat around , i'd be protected for life . and ... well , you'll see because i already know . =P p and thank you so much ! my parents are hermits and don't really try to live in any world of theirs ( i think they're unhealthy and ultimately scared ... locofoco , you're forgetting kdramas . <3 my guilty pleasure is gossip girl and anything kardashian related . honestly , i would get so tired . imagine , okay , when you're having a conversation and you're talking and then while you're talking , you can already read this person's mind and so you're concentrating ... oh my god , i forgot to mention this . xd i dress for myself but there have been times where i have regretted so much being complacent with my frizzy hair or having chosen a boring , conservative outfit ... my dad is an istj too which is probably i'm like you and would want to avoid that kind of clash . xd ah , the freudian complexes that still hold superstitious roots in our society ... and for this chica , no ... just no . ahh , i'm so happy someone got the reference ! ! <3 33 to stay on topic , i really really really loved gil ra im's style and it's definitely an inspiration to what i want to wear . i just loved how ... i'm really sensitive to people who work menial jobs like cashiers , janitors , waitresses / etc . i just feel like they have to deal not only so many demands but the thing i hate the most : entitlement ... today , i couldn't stop crying . i am a really really really sensitive person so crying isn't alien to me but i haven't cried like this in the longest time . you know when you just want to stop crying , ... i agree with all of the above except for the fact that i actually get excited with the pop culture questions because growing up , we babysat ourselves with the tv and mass media , so i'm quite ... i know exactly how you feel . i get criticism and negativity from my mom and she's the only person i want to hear approval from even though now i really try to detach myself from her . i feel so guilty ... i love absurd comedy like mr.bean and monk . anyone with me ? ! ! i actually care a lot about the clothes i wear but not because i want to impress anyone but i want to impress myself . however , my number one rule is that it has to be cheap and not over 30 bucks . and ... the thing is two infps can still be as wildly different as you can imagine . i know one infp i met in highschool and he just made me feel like i would never belong to his exclusivity . i didn't want to ... those are a lot of questions and i'm feeling lazy ( for which i apologize for ) so i'll tell you what i consider my sense of accomplishment . it's actually really easy . it's whenever i feel empowered ... not trying to be argumentative but i don't see any contextual evidence that points to her being an enfp . i think though , certainly , the movie is very very infpish . the film is not so much about being ... lol , not a chick film at all . it's too serene to be overly sentimental / romantic . i was just about to say the same thing ! even though she seems extroverted , pay attention to the fact that she is actually often solitary in the entire movie and that she has one best friend . also , ... i do this all the time ! with the right personalities , they think i'm hilarious but i have gotten some concerned reactions . like one time , i don't know what beckoned me to say this , but someone asked ... i was looking about through 10 pages before i just gave up on reading the rest . xd it's interesting to see how causal sex violates values a lot of you guys have . it doesn't do that for me at ... i'm only a student , so i can't give you the teacher perspective , but as a teacher , honestly , there are going to be kids who will never like you just because you're a teacher and they're a student . i ... honestly , i'm not an animal lover at all . i actually get annoyed when people talk about their pets or even have pets . it might break everyone's heart to read this but i just don't care . ( fwi i grew ... i've read through all the replies through here before posting this but even then , this is just my singular opinion and not necessarily a response to what anyone has said . i like lana del rey . i ... ^ the person above me just posted the sexiest gif everrr i had this problem too because my extroversion and introversion are really really really close . it's pretty much your default response to whether you recharge your batteries by being yourself and ... i feel really dumb that i'll probably fail college biology and that my gpa was a 4.0 last semester and after this semester will be a like a 2.9 - 3.2 :/ i know academic mediocrity isn't the end of ... you know what i like about everyone's pictures ? is that they have personality . i can really tell you guys have a whole inner world in your eyes and the way you smile or don't smile . :] ] i get excited ... oh , yeah , i actually have a really nice pell grant and because my community college is cheap , i don't have to pay anything . i know as a college student in america , i am really really really really ... 1 . what do you think you have to offer someone else ? i'm very independent but very affectionate so i think i could totally give someone both the space and affirmation they need . i'm really funny so ... i'm actually really frugal and sensible with my money ( keep in mind i am in a big family of j's ! ) but god , do i love buying dvds and books off amazon and essential oils off ebay . so to my fam , they ... ahhh , i feel ya . i was in a similar situation in life . and funny , my parents were like that too ! i read somewhere ( might have been on this forum actually ) that infp kids might have developed because ... i kind of do . i can handle any extroversion , thinking , or judging aspect as long as it doesn't have an s in the middle of it . ( sorry estj and istj's lol ) . the problem i have with overly sensory ... we were young and having our own inferiority complexes / low self esteems but moreso avoiding the mj ( which is perhaps why our paths haven't met until now =P ) . but seriously , i think as a kid , i ... these both were going to be my answers if i hadn't chosen resilience and entitlement . i totally feel ya , i think that empathy is even deeper than compassion . i feel compassion has this detached air ... my introversion and extroversion are really close and so if i want to be extroverted , i am a complete enfp . i have an enfp friend and what i love about him is that he just guides the conversation to ... omg yes , this is my family . my mom literally told me to go kill myself if i was really that stressed . it was just said so flippantly like i was exasperating her by sharing my feelings . and oh , i ... ah , i've been there . i know how it feels like when you see yourself as completely different so that when people give you compliments , even though you know they're sincere , you don't feel like they're ... thank you so much ! really appreciate it . ^ ^ what is the one quality you admire most in a person ? resilience . i love people who refuse to be anchored by their problems , who use the intensity of the negativity that surrounds them to be ... sometimes i feel like i'll never get out of this house even though i'm completely headstrong and adamant about doing so . i'm sick of being angry and annoyed at my family and like i have to do so much ... if it wasn't for the fact that most people use facebook , i literally would not use it ever . i just feel like people reduces themselves to the most neediest , attention-seeking , self-consuming idiots ... '