well thank you gilly ! i * really * love the lady ! :p roud : thanks guys ! i think he's more likely to find interest in the programming / systems side of things . even though his hand-to-eye coordination is really good , but he's not that practical , but finds ... update from the above 2013 post - we just went and got married ! 628146 hello to you all ! i hope you can help me with guiding a young istp stepson . he is about to turn 13 and had the potential to be a lovely young man , however he is going through a period in his life ... that . there's your gut instinct right there ! as an infp bloke , i would not have shown the level of interest he has if i wasn't keen on you . even if you are wrong , just because you send him your number it ... just send him your number via a facebook pm . top it with some ' off hand ' message like ' might be handy if you had my number ? ' . in his position i'd definitely want some kind of positive sign from you ... i can really relate to that . my mum is an istj and brought up 3 children by herself , i cannot fault her on fulfilling the ' duty ' aspects of her role , but i cannot recall any fun in my childhood ... 0-17 years ... single 19-27 years ... single 27.2 - 32 years ... single 36 - 41 ... single but have now been blissfully happy since meeting my partner 2 1/2 years ago , and will be getting married ... motorway driving used to put me on the verge of having panic attacks , it's that ' i'm committed now , there's no turning around ' feedback loop thing . in retrospect that was probably linked to other ... my gut instinct says move on , you're shutting down on her , she's trying to manipulate you ... if you're having these issues early on ( when it should really all be fun ) then it doesn't bode well for ... i'd say i've got more adventurous as i've got older ( i'm 42 ) but similarly to telepariah , i now spend more time assessing and managing the risks before i take them ... whereas when i was younger , i'd ... i'm with the most fantastic enfj that i met via a dating website a couple of years ago . she'd had a far rougher ride of the online approach than me and was about to give up . all my previous ... you have the power to make that transition happen . the societally accepted path to success is not for us . i am a middle aged white male who has achieved a modest level of this ' traditional ' success , ... my ears are bigger irl 93862 i think the problem is that the concept hasn't yet reached the masses even on a subconscious level . it is going to take some serious sh ! t to go down for people to adjust their mindset , by that point ... need a break from earning money , a 40 year break should just about do it ! cleaning my ears with a cotton bud ... i know you shouldn't , but hey ! life's short ! if you're messaging someone on an internet dating site and it's going well , try and organise a date within the first 10 messages or so . the whole reason you're on there is to date people , and you can ... it sounds to me as if you have done everything you can to bridge the incompatible issues between yourself and your wife , and it's still not working . nobody is at fault if the things ... i had a relationship with an istj for about 4 years and it was a lot of hard work . i would sight the t / f and s / n mismatch as the biggest problem areas . my p / j are pretty close so i'm not too bad on ... yes it did happen molly ! it went so well we've had another improptu one since as well ! our mutual nfness seems to be creating a very strong connection . each date has been packed full of enjoyable , ... thanks reckless summer nights the voice of reason speaks , i'm carrying on like some love sick teenager ! we have a date booked for later in the week , i will reign in my useless over analysis and tell ... hello you lovely enfjs i had a really enjoyable date with a beautiful , intelligent , witty enfj on saturday . it went so well when i dropped her off at her house ( she mentioned i was the only recent ... ... said like a true infp ! hi the my last long term partner was an istj and i have to say the relationship was an interesting experience ! istjs and infps can learn a great deal from one another , we have common ... the truth is , if you've been through it and survived it , you are a stronger and better person it seems that for infps this feeling can happen at many different points in their life ( most ... observations oozing excessive creative juices and fuelled by quality sounds sharp offbeat wit looking to validate self identity in a world which is ( in the main ) contradictory ... thanks nicali ... it's done and dusted ; pretty certain she was an infj , the conversation was easy but no real ' spark ' between us . interesting experience nonetheless . edit ... thanks for the tip ... interesting question . i'm not spiritual ( though i envy those who are ) but when my creativity is at its best i do feel as if i am just a ' conduit ' for what's happening or what i'm producing . however ... this old fart of an infp is going on a date ! https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/--tezE4OXcZI/USXRgGV2pmI/AAAFxA/rjgtZOlSCmc/s912/DSC07575%2520crop.jpg https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-Srt0NAUUDvE/USH4X2qF9kI/AAAFvE/gjf_g1aeAvc/s640/02brunovsky_905.jpg ... what does this button do ? ( insert noise of roof sliding back ) , ah ha ! count me in ... make mine a peppermint tea ! ... i can identify strongly with that , my whole school life i was stuck in a system where success was based upon how well you could remember and regurgitate facts , sequences of numbers and correctly ... stop thinking , and start doing ! take isisx ' s lead and get yourselves over to this thread now - ... littlehawk jessieahh refugee tincan pumpkineater can i just say what a great selection of music this page features so far an old oak close to my house has shed one of its major limbs . this tree must have stood for over 300 years , and in its bare winter state i can see just how many of the secondary branches are dead or ... om nom nom nom ! https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-OdhDdoE8faU/UQ_1GajBOmI/AAAFos/qyqfZAYxqcQ/s500/3725736150_c32578ec76.jpg ... https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-YnzgXTJ3qRY/UQ-uHF2N11I/AAAFn0/sb5oN-rNArQ/s500/tumblr_mhopvusdzd1rtji2zo1_500.jpg ... get a grip man : wink : .. you're an infp ; you'll forever be a child on the inside ! despite my middle age exterior , internally i'm an 8 year old boy the majority of the time ! what is it you ... my best ever dumpster dive result was a professional camera tripod , just needed a nut and bolt to fix it . i can't resist looking in a skip ( dumpster ) whenever i walk past one . i've also heated my ... not decrying single mothers here , but surely the whole family thing must be so much more rewarding with a partner ? 2thumbs snare yourself a hunky west country man ! looking at your profile page i'm ... how's about i say kill the 2 billion , but i get to select those that will die . who'd be first in line for the gas chamber ? the guy who broking the deal of course . he could meet his grizzly death and ... hey mushr 00m , i went to college with the guy who painted this , he was jolly decent chap too ... watercolour artist | animal pictures | prints | cards by artist and printmaker daniel mackie — home 2thumbs take the following with a pinch of salt ( i'm a bloke ) but 36 is still pretty young these days isn't it ? lots of women are having children well into their 40s . maybe take a more ' aggressive ' ... ... and there's one thing we all want to know ; the infp + infp love making ... is it as phenomenally , emotionally , earth shatteringly amazing as we suspect ? don't forget that an interview is a two way thing , you need to find out about them as much as they need to find out about you , so ask plenty of questions and get the conversation going both ways ! ... i am most definitely a loner . i work from home and live in a rural location with few neighbours . i do have several good friends who understand my solitary nature , and don't feel offended when if i ... possibly the greatest remix album of all time http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Nd7pIZcwVU8 so is this going to be like a ' porn off ' or a ' porn vs ' ? ... hmmm the bar has been set impressively high by your first round , but i'll not reveal my best moves quite yet ...  ...