' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4SJ0xR2_bQ indeed . not a lesbian . still a fan :) they're not my fav band , but i do respect them ever since i saw this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zonZcBXZjqI i loathe smoking also . mostly i loathe that they don't seem to be aware the standing up wind of you 3 metres away is just as good as blowing smoke right in your face . when you were standing there ... mbti ... it's an interesting guideline to get where people are coming from in a phase of their life . i don't believe for a second that types don't change . perhaps people want to resist typing because ... my thoughts : people are born who they are . not as a ' type ' . i have not seen any inarguable evidence to suggest that types never change . ( please give supporting evidence if you can . ) that ... update : apparently a sentence proposing : typing is a just another system people learn , and in doing so , use their knowledge to dish out misguided wisdom or devlish superiority . is enough ... a few years ago i tested multiple times as infp . for a while , it made sense - sorta . then i began to find more and more , the descriptons just did not fit . sure , there were hazy similarities , ... weird . thanks for dropping by my useless thread . i hope that one mouseclick and the unnecessary scrolling you may or may not have had to do to read it , doesn't contribute to your future arthritis . ... cowardly ? no . unwilling to cause a ruckus unless it's actually important ? yes . nothin ' wrong with that . perhaps we get more scared than others about some things , we also get less scared about ... ugh ... i never come back to the site , i just randomly talk on vent . and now here i am being forced to log in to complain . yes , forced . yes , complain . i'm viewing this as a personal insult . ... i am possibly moving to sydney in 3 months , but i don't know you anyway ... :d ry : actually i'm a little creeped out when i find out people live near me that could possibly blur my internet and real ... whoops posted in the wrong thread :P fuck . i'm . good . depression , anxiety disorder ... haven't needed any meds or anything for 4 plus years and i'm great though . i was using my brain wrong and had to retrain it :P i want to be braver :) wow . some things never change around here ... :P istj i reckon frustrating as all fuck . endless debates where he comes across as arrogant and knows better . tries to avoid looking at information that would prove him wrong , instead insisting that his ... i like dawkin's best i think . you omitted murder ! lol ... now i'm a little bit scared of you > _ > < _ < not even a wild turkey riding a moose would consider it . i think it's more about what you can do personally , and then spread the word . you have the power to stop buying plastic and encourage others through conversations , blogs , music , whatever you're best ... thank you so much for responding , skewed . hoorah for someone that woke up long before i did ! in what areas do you desire to make a difference , skewed ? what do you feel are the best methods for ... yes , i'm very satisfied . thank you . and yes , what is with the chat ? ... the one day in a blue moon i feel like chat and it's busted . pah ! : tongue : absolutely not . no . no . no ? oh ... a bit ... a bit .. no smaller , smaller ... here just ... okay all of it ? yup , okay . yup good . thanks . can you figure out hot to make plastic that is unable to biodegrade somehow biodegradable ? or some sort of plastic attracting magnet that will filter tiny plastic particles out of seawater for me ? ... yeah , well i surely don't want to pass it by . don't want to clean it up either , but clean it someone must . thanks ! yeah , so i'm wondering if you have some things you'd like to change for the better ? ! for me the list includes things like ( far from an exhaustive list ): ' someone else will do it ' attitudes ... purple bottoms and pink rhinoceriii that makes as much sense to me as this topic ... is it just me , or does it seem like almost everyone has turned into eternal fence sitters ? waiting for others to fix what they feel is wrong , or to heap praise on what is right . .. when did we all ... because until someone points out that it is in fact shit , they believe that there is no such thing as shit . or , they know it is shit , but refuse to look at it for fear of being put off the act of ... roland - no . slow - i think it means that you find roses taste bad when you eat them . i liked your recs , trope . thanks ! kino's journey - was very good . very different from anything i've watched before . eureka - i'm having a ball with at the moment . up to episode 27 . yay ! ... 2 of you have passed ... just 2 ... how disappointing dffsdfdfsfsd test heh , thanks :) you're awesome . it still kind of feels ... like i shouldn't be here ... : mellow : i'll lurk once in a blue moon perhaps . thanks nyxy ! you're a gem : happy : enfp for sure seconded . i hate that . ' tis a glorious photo , silly ! way to fight censorship . heheh opinions and other sexy pictures welcome :) * happy basks in the love * heheh yaaay two people like me ! : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : hmm ... i like , or am amused by these people slowriot gopher shackles lance chawklet / nemeis nyx / starry ungeweylalaaallnte trope if i disappear i probably won't bother making a goodbye thread about it ( unless i decide to go out in a spectacular inferno flame thread ) . and as to speculation , happy is very happy with the ... you're so cute when you're delusional . wait . no you're not . i agree completely with cryptonia . and for similar reasons , i'm leaving too . it was a great , and yet not at all great experience for it's bloody awful extremes of out right ridiculuityisness . i ... lawds , how easy it is to start a horn fest ! : wink : nyx and daylight might get performance anxiety ... i took down my photo . people could either hate me too much , or love me too much . i can't ... well .. as an infp , i am considerate and caring ... when i feel like it . the only thing i'm ' overly ' is awesome ( if such a thing is even possible ) . and i am not a turtle . i'd say i'm more of a ... ehehee eheheheehee oh , stop it . i look awful when i blush : blushed : i'm going to side with lance here . you bashed my idea and it's implementation pretty hard , and now you're utilising it . for some reason i very much like ya , chawk . but you are very opinionated ... '