' infp ( introverted feeler , the idealist ) . :) i just have a lot of interest in the istp and recognize and appreciate many istp throughout our world and history . :) oh , that stupid robot script thing . it's uber annoying and dumb , i feel . hi simple istp ! i love those istp's ! i wish you a great day also . :) welcome to personalitycafe.com ' s forum ... oh boy . xd :) this person is so dead and muted . what's wrong with them ? xd true love ! they need taken care of ! come here little love.script ! come here , sweetie ! i will take care of you ! (: xx x <3 hi fideiavi . welcome to personalitycafe.com . i really enjoyed your poppy energy in your writing . it really reminded me of my younger self , ages fourteen through sixteen . definitely crack-happy . i ... hi to you also , tml 3193 . (: welcome your intp self to the personalitycafe.com forum community . well wishes with your studies at school , tml 3193 . ~ love.script hi scoobysnack . (: welcome your apparent intj self to personalitycafe.com ' s forum community . (: i related to your statement against the inaccuracy of online quizzes . those things never work . xd ... hey , i don't know about you , but i'm feeling twenty-two . (: xx x bless ya ' . thank you , faey . i was tossing out humor with little consideration or realization of anything outside of the introversion topic you suggested . so i did not consider regional culture and ... but what if faey does not want to be greeted ? xd what if faey feels so introverted at the time to feel against being spoken to at all ? i could really just go without anyone looking at me , speaking ... i go pretty deep . i am probably 80 % away from extroversion in the average day of this last year . when upset , i move further within myself , to like 200 % introversion states . i live within myself ... i have made friends through an extensively defensive and intensive high-security , repeat-verification , brick-wall - - i am kidding . no , but seriously . it is strong , what i do . there are like a ... hi there ! i am an infp ( 4w5 ennagram ) and i feel a very strong connection to pride . i have active connections to sloth . i have deep and less consistently active connections to envy and , even ... i went from this explosively flamboyant and big personality , so full of life as a youth , to someone who has grown to be quite a b * tch , i feel . i went from feeling so alive and having so much ... my infp meyers-briggs and enneagram type four wing five harmonizes best with the fictional death god momo hinamori in japanimation writer and artist tite kubo's bleach . it is the character i have ... atomic dance explosion trance [ ] control maybe afraid of anything which creates discomfort , pain , unhappiness , fear , and suffering . anything which takes away , devalues , breaks down , or causes upset or hurt . i feel peebz who said i'm ... i am going to need to abandon this community at this time . i am not built for this community . i cannot handle the mass exposure of content existing within this community and its members . i am ... shatter , kyouka suigetsu . feel , little infp . i feel you . surgery is correct to suggest intangibility . it is one of the most actively dreamt of magical powers for me in my lifetime . if i were to break my body down on a molecular level so i may pass ... i always felt interested in fictional abilities ( spells , powers , techniques , skills , magic , et cetera ) which cause bends , distortions , negations , and additions with natural laws and phenomenon . ... and i also feel , for most people , this information may simply just be irrelevant to what they are already doing or experiencing . for me , i used my infp information to help give a sense of ... i think a major problem is , because people do not understand how they feel , they take computer tests ( often rating scale tests ) which using logic to calculate who they are and how they feel . this ... i had my meyers-briggs , socionics , and enneagram information within time of less than an hour each . i spent longest with enneagram information in order to put together some extra things . i have ... i would go so far to say that , if i am indeed infp psychology , enneagram type four , wing five , and socionics eii , then momo hinamori will conform to whatever i am also , fully , entirely .  ... there can be no better incarnation of infp soul in japanimation than momo hinamori , the death god in bleach japanimation . she spells my soul . if you just go do an image search of momo hinamori , i feel it spells infp . i feel her soul . i have never seen a character in japanimation with more sophisticated , true , overwhelming amounts of ... i consider , due to my harmonizing with her , the death god momo hinamori in tite kubo's japanimation production bleach may be similar to infp psychology . i feel , however , my harmonizing with her ... and i agree ! i feel i was making personally humorous slants publicized . but i am certainly aware , at this point , no full category of people can conform to any kind of stereotype fully . i think when i ... so i do feel it was too long of a post . i think i could cut back on story-telling and cut back on any kind of trivial and humor-related talk . the thing is , i was speaking that way because i do ... yeah . unfortunately . i am a twenty-two year biological male . i never felt very masculine . i will tell you i have thrown manual labor jobs beneath me . i will never feel to do those . i do not feel they ... :) lovely . :) you know , i really feel i hope nobody is passively nodding through school in the first place . i understand development occurs differently in each human . at different times and ... i have allergies * sneeze , sneeze , pressure in my face * i have allergy-ies ... allergy-ies ... * wears an orange top and gives you a disappointing look - _ - with a low brow line * i have ... i feel you . i love your vladimir putin picture (: cracks me up . it was not difficult for me to sit and enjoy education . to take part in my education . i sat in a chair for eight hours and enjoyed and took part in my education . i did not want to go home . i stayed after school longer to absorb more . there was a lot of infp and enneagram type four in what i wrote . xd :) sorry about that . but you seem to feel or think some of what i said can apply well enough to you . :) retsu . :) i mean , i may have dreamed about being a police officer as a six year youth , but i could never do that . i can never be so actionable and strong to enforce or protect like that . that is just a ... i was just thinking about it . i think extroverts are so much more here in our physical world , but i question they are as close to our humanity as introverts are . i feel there is reason for ... you are stronger about it . you are going to build more meaningful bonds . bonds which are more right . you are not so loose and easy to come close to people who run the potential of hurting you or ... one major advantage of introversion on an average basis , i feel , will be lower probabilities of risk-taking . the introvert will have less exposure , and a more reserved personality and higher ... i feel you with the brown recluse . i considered it myself , due to the introversion quality you have also identified yourself to be on your profile here at personalitycafe.com enneagram type four , the romantic . healthy level three . i do not know much about animals or any life beside our own human species . i never took much an active interest in anything beside our own ... from 2004 ' s head for the door , the exies ' tired of you . i am tired of breathing , tired of feeling . i am tired of looking at the past for meaning , tired of running , tired of searching , tired ... feeling extremely strongly . very heightened mental and emotional activity . self is within a state allowing for rapid personal growth . realizations have continued to be made . my person is growing ... the infp will feel you to be a good soul , the right soul for them . it is something they will feel . you can do next to nothing to influence that but by removing all the barriers to your own self . feel ... i feel values and treatment have everything to do with it . are you an easy , comfortable atmosphere ? are the partners open and content with one another ? are they able to make the right decisions for ... complete harmony . comfort , discipline , control , openness , contentment , and feeling to the maximum . i would feel my love to be the most classically romanticized and idealized kind . i ... actionable strength . strength outside my self . i feel i am wishing everyone well . take care of yourself , sweetie . '