' lol . interesting . then thanks for correcting me , i thought sensors are that strict to rules ( all sensors i know in my life are just like that so .. yeah ) i compare this to my isfp brother and infp sister too . i thought it was a general trait . but by rules it's not only the written one like law etc . but also the non-written one like dress-codes ... i see so the p makes you obeying the rules less . but if we compare the similar types of a sensor and intuitor , like isfp and infp , the isfp will be more rule-obedient than infp . and then give ... sorry for repeating that thing ( unconciously ) . i didn't read the earlier posts : laughing : well i'm an j but i don't see all rules are reasonable enough to be obeyed . from my experience sensors are more strict to rules than intuitors . especially the stjs . 1 ravoili or lasagna ? lasagna . 2 camping out or slumber party ? camping out . 3 hamburgers or hot dogs ? hamburgers . 4 music or movies ? music . 6 comedy or horror ? horror with slight commedy ? eh ? 7 ... it's the chicken first . i've read somewhere that scientists in uk have researched this . the egg is impossible to form without oc - 17 protein which is found in chicken ovaries . xstx and intj ? say what's so fun about being a slave of rules ? the perc character limit . well , sometimes . before knowing my mbti type , i thought i was abnormal . well , i'm raised in a woman should be a delicate feeler society so having te when other girls around me were feely just made me feel weird ... i say infps are natural born artists because they are creative and imaginative . and i'm sometimes awed to them at their ability of crying for no reason .. don't you think having an f girl helps you develop your f-side ? as extravert helps you be more open perhaps ? i know that your partner shouldn't be judged as ideal or not by mbti . i just ... why do you want an introvert thinker for your girlfriend ? what do you say about enxp ( as a partner ) ? huh ? i don't care if this thread dead or not . i just want to spit out my opinion and i want this ts guy make a good use of what he got rather than dreaming of something ridiculous . note : the polls is only for intjs ( vote your partner's mbti type ) and those who are currently in a special relationship with intjs ( vote your mbti type ) i've travelled about 10 pages of this ... rather than wanting so much of being another type , why don't you make a good use of your type ? fyi , being an intj is not easy . i have never been like that . because i realize that the show is a fiction so i won't let my emotion get controlled over a fictional thing . perhaps there are . but i think intjs with enneagram type 2 are rare , because i've read somewhere that type 2 ' s desire is to feel loved . anyway 1w9 here . i bully my younger brother but i won't let anyone other than me bully him . i like non-fiction best , especially topics that discuss about economy and politics . but i think i don't have any favorite author , i read whatever i think is interesting without thinking of the ... ^ eh sorry for double post . just take it as a response of your edited post , rbgj . :) by the way , what is emotiocons ? do you mean emoticons ? blue represents melancholy , harmony , and emotions , so i think it's very infp . sorry if i'm wrong here . and about that all cats are black ... relax there . i answered that simply based on the infps i know . blue represents melancholy , harmony , and emotions , ... so i think it's very infp . sorry if i'm wrong here :) . don't you love blue ... my infp bestfriend likes sky blue . all infps i know like blue . blue is most infps favorite colour , i think . my parents are both ss and es . i say i don't know how to put it . i can't say i like or dislike myself , ... uh , neutral ? i would be a snake . people often misunderstand snakes , comparing snakes as evil being when in fact , snakes only attack when they feel threatened . chronological age : 15 . 1 ) did you like going to school ? why ( not ) ? no . i find school textbooks are too theoritical and the teachers sometimes are too close-minded and conventional . and almost everyone see me as an ... i have met some enfps in my real life and i don't really love them . but from what i see here i think many of us do love you ... maybe the reason is they ( ah yes i mean you ) talk pretty much so we ... i chose infp . - expressionless - rigid - aloof - emotionless - heartless - spend too much time in their head - robots - intelligent , clever , capable - geek i can't generalize , it depends . but to take it generally , sometimes yes . but again , it depends . you pretty much sound like an inf * . just relax and do what you believe is right . and don't worry too much . many people say they know me , but i even don't know ( or forget ) their names so ... yeah . my bestfriend is an infp , and she's not tomboy but also not too girly . but she act too girly ( feeling play its role ? ) you sound like an f . when you know your intj friends are mean yet you still liking them don't really give a fuck about that love-thing . love will come when the time is right ... wait ... what the hell did i just say . you can ' talk ' without really talking . maybe it . i think whether you like party or not it depends on your introversion / extraversion . you might say you hate parties , but some infps do love parties , maybe this because you have higher percentage in ... try this youtube - nigahiga & #39s channel ryan higa sure is silly but hilarious . you are just too expressionless . do you wear a mask ? smile ! say cheeseee ! i just lazy to make that curve on my lips then so what ? say , are you mad ? when i'm not mad at all . i have the same problem . i don't smile , cos i won't . but sometimes i'm forced to , but when i smile i don't look like smiling , more like grinning , look like some pervert's grin . besides , i have read a ... i can't stand it either , how the world is going on and on about that royalwedding-whatever . i love social-economics , and social-politics . i think i dont have any phobias . i just hate crowds and strongly avoid that , but don't consider it as a phobia ( most of us do that , uh ? ) 1w9 . the most domminant ones of myself are type 1,5 , 6 . melancholy . '