' here's one from this morning - jeremiah 17 . this is what the lord says : “ cursed are those who put their trust in mere humans , who rely on human strength and turn their hearts away from the ... those are great verses , and a good point , too ! those are good comfort verses when it seems like everybody's an enemy . we need to realize , one , that physical people aren't our real enemies . i like ... your face is so ugly , you were walking down the street and a guy you didn't even know was reading his newspaper . when he heard your footsteps he closed his paper and put it beside him and lowered his ... i think i've always been a contingency planner , though i've never really had a plan a . maybe it's a subconscious defense against failing - if the plan doesn't exist , it can't fail , and ... 38781 yup sitting at work with a cramp in my neck , contemplating taking off my tie and shedding the jacket , but in the end i'm too lazy . waking up and lamenting that all i really have to eat is a bagel , unless i want bacon and eggs , which would entail cleaning the skillet that my roommate left nasty yesterday ... also thanking ... thank you . you have mine as well . god's just amazing . agree :) and after coming across that verse again today , i think i'm finally seeing a light at the end of this tunnel . happens to me all the time , with coworkers especially , and with my former gf . she would just laugh at something i said and i'd be like ... um ... oh , i get it now ! often , now , having been ... wanderingthoughts solo julia bell ... thought you all might appreciate this , just something that came to mind this evening , especially in the midst of this massive battle i've been going through ... etymology of defenestration wanderingthoughts , solo , this is spectacular insight ! that is all . god's opinion is the only one that matters . you have no idea how refreshing it is to hear somebody in today's culture say that ! ! ! it seems like today we live near the end of the book of judges , ... exactly ! sunday school - are you talking about adult sunday school , or teaching kids sunday school ? for the former , i never went to a church that had adult sunday school until the last church ... that's a beautiful verse from isaiah . your light will break forth like the dawn ... and the verse from 2 corinthians is one of my favorites ever . i always start it from but we have this ... julia bell , exactly :) wanderingthoughts , ditto . one for the road , and then i'm hitting the sack ! john 17:23 i in them and you in me , that they may become perfectly one , so that the ... wanderingthoughts , oh , suuure , bring up john eldredge again - one of the more popular christian authors i have some disagreements with ;) in all seriousness , i'm not debating that his insights can ... okay , so as promised , i uploaded myself playing a few worship songs . just so everybody's a little bit kind to me , i hadn't quite woken up yet when i sat down to play these , and they ... now see what ya ' done rubystone ? ? ? you got me posting worship songs and i won't be able to stop ! i could only include 5 videos in my last post , but here are some more awesome ones :) here's ... rubystone , * jaw drops * i love love love love love both of those songs . i stand in awe of you could be my all-time favorite worship song . like when i sit down at the piano or start singing in the ... i don't know exactly why , but skillet's songs always kind of appeal to my infp-ish-ness . this one makes me want to cry every time . regret is a killer .  ... i definitely have the same perfectionist streak , and it gets downright depressing sometimes to realize how far off the mark i am . i have to tell myself to take comfort sometimes , simply because i ... , great list ! huge tenth avenue north fan right here :) david crowder is always a favorite too . saw them in concert i think twice . one was with third day - that was just a great concert ! ... theodore , i saw the light is one of my favorites . :) love the camp-meeting feel of that version . i actually have this version of it as my alarm clock - can't go wrong with a banjo ! ... hey now , one man's cheesy is another man's simply stated truth . ;) i have a feeling you'd hate this song , but it makes me smile and kinda has that yeah , it's okay , ' cause god's in control ... wanderingthoughts , three stellar songs ! i've always liked chris rice a lot , probably just for his simplicity , lyrically and musically . his rendition of a mighty fortress ... that's interesting - ... how is anyone's timing allowed to be this perfect ? ? ? again , that was exactly what i needed , right now . that passage from hebrews and the insight ... you're right . we tend to mix idealism and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8iIpvYB6EOc this one is maybe my favorite contemporary christian song ever . no explanation needed . ♫ you will find me . i'm at the point of your breaking , behind ... just thought it might be cool to have a place to post some uplifting , encouraging , convicting , fun ( or add other descriptors ) of christian music , for those of us that enjoy it . :) anybody out ... fldshmdgdblfmddhbldagh ! ( frustration ) stuff ish really , i'm fine with whatever . you decide ! sorry , i lost you at ' so i was thinking , ' sorry , i was down the rabbit hole again . that ... with the disturbing the sanctity thing , i kind of felt that a few times a couple winters ago . i love to shoot pictures of flowers and wildlife at the local cemetery , and we had a couple of ... the j is the absolute hardest thing for me . my time management skills stink , i'm rarely at something * exactly * on time . you should see my desk ... it ain't pretty ;) ... ummm ... some things i'm ... you guys are all blowing me away ! so many wonderful , relevant , uplifting words . :) julia bell , i love that quote , especially the passage in luke 20 ... but he looked directly at them and said , ... lol ! it is painful sometimes ! i thought it was an interesting concept when i read that , and i had never given it this much thought before . i had always thought my job kind of required me to be ... quo vadis vinicius : what kind of love is it that acknowledges a force great than itself ? father goose walter : so far you're shared me out of my clothes , my food and my house . now , how about ... so i found something interesting reading typelogic's infp profile , in the phrase infps can even masquerade in their estj business suit ... which got me to thinking about my job - that of a ... waiting for : i am waiting for goals to magically appear in my mind and give me some clear direction . doing : to that end , i am sitting around doing nothing , because we know there's nothing one can ... i used to be ridiculously self-conscious about singing . then somehow i realized i was fairly tolerable at picking out a harmony , so on songs with a melody not in my range , all of a sudden i could ... favorite movies ... i have so many it's ridiculous . wanna preface by saying that overall , my favorites have to be the entire star wars saga , and lord of the rings masterpiece . chronicles of narnia ... christian . non-denominational . i don't particularly identify with pentecostals , baptists , presbyterians , catholics , episcopalians , lutherans , methodists or any other denomination of ... never have , and don't ever plan on it . any kind of tobacco smoke gives me a headache . my grandparents smoked hardcore for like 50 years , so i was a serious secondhand smoker when they were ... incidentally , as far as stories , i'd say the story of the apostle paul in the bible is my favorite . book of acts mainly , but all throughout romans , 1 and 2 corinthians , galatians , ephesians , ... the unforgivable crime / sin is the one that's not asked forgiveness for . as long as there is a victim , there is the opportunity for forgiveness , and that's the beautiful thing about grace . ... by your definition , yes , i'm absolutely a hopeless romantic . in my previous relationship , i was much more romantic than my gf ( i believe an intj or istj ) . that was interesting , especially when she ... not weird at all - i think it's perfectly natural . maybe it's something you should regret , maybe it's not . i sometimes need to keep in mind that there area million things that could always have ... interesting notes on the addictions . i really hate being a slave to anything , so i pretty much keep away from stuff , particularly the kind of thing that alters my mental state . for that ... i think , to me , it depends on how it ends . one ended , and i was the ender of it . i think that , it being my decision , i was able to get to the objective analysis and realize it just wasn't right ... amethyst_butterfly i think psalm 23 may have been the first passage i ever memorized . given all those times that i just feel overwhelmed or inadequate , it's nice just to picture those streams of ... that's pretty much the way it works for me , too . i was kind of wondering if i'm weird because i really don't hold grudges ... there are a lot of things i believe that happen to me that would ... '