' - early morning sunrise in the winter , especially for a long run - dusk in the spring when it's breezy , dreamy , ethereal ... i've been told i have a thousand-yard-stare . it's certainly not intentional but it makes people think i'm an a $ $ hole ( which i always find out later after much social awkwardness ) . oh well : tongue : i constantly feel that way . it's especially hard during conversations with people as i * always * feel like i am saying the wrong thing . couple that with what i have been told is my ever-present ... glad to hear others using music as a happy pill . give me a nice sunny day , a strong cocktail and some 311 on the mp3 player and that can defeat the most evil of depression monsters . wow , i could have just copy / pasted your stuff in my own post . namely the stem and social awkwardness . i majored in comp sci . and have a job as a software developer ... and i hate it ! all the rules ... for your life - led zeppelin i do it everywhere , even during job interviews . i tend to be very animated too . i think i was supposed to be a cartoon : tongue : - a player's guide to the ladies - how to stop being the life of the party ! jeans , t-shirts and chucks for the feets . man , you made me shed a man-tear at work when i saw his picture : sad : signed ! wiser words were never spoken . i think you should talk to her , but be very , very careful about * what * you say and * how * you say it . it could be that a vacation from makes you realize you want her ... running here , but it's only to stay lean . i ran in high school and was never great but i'm glad the habit stuck with me . ( yay for pizza and beer on the weekend without the belly ! ) me likes this thread ! i am * way * too childish . i tend to stop to look at little , seemingly insignificant things and this greatly annoys other people around me . i'll also do bizzare stuff like hang ... - aliens ( director's cut ) - blade runner ( director's cut ) - differential equations : the definative guide - yes , it is all in your head - why feelings make you weak a steady 5-7 . morning for me too . i workout in the morning and feel like i'm blazing afterwards . then the reality of my terrible job as a programmer creeps in and i'm spent . depends on the activity for me . i used to love camping with my friends when i was young . i used to listen to the sounds of nature for hours at night , after everyone else had drifted to sleep . i ... i find small talk boring , along with meaningless or social minutiae talk ( like gossip , latest trends , etc . i find the how are you question particularly infuriating . short answer is that i try ... i actually like it , provided i know about it first . an uninvited probing though ... grrr ... makes hulk angry ! ! ! if it's invited , or a professional session than i view it as a way to improve myself . i love batman , particularly how he operates alone ( depending on which series you read ... can't stand robin / nightwing ) . i greatly admire how he had to overcome fear and tradgedy , then used it as a ... i almost shed a tear when i saw your post . my wife is always critically evaluating me for menial things ! ! ! my wife is also the organizer , financial planner and general manager of our relationship ... your post made me smile : happy : i had this strange thought of a little cloned me running around . i wonder if you would get into a fight with yourself ? that would be strange ! : tongue : i adore a handwritten letter ! i think it's romantic and it shows that a person wanted to really put some effort into their feelings . it is really easy to blast a text off , but taking the time to ... i will raise a fist in collective angst to that ! seriously though , i understand that completely and sadly it has taught me to just keep my mouth shut . i have never understood why people assume a ... i am frequently told that i have a thousand yard stare . i have also been told many times that i seem arrogant before i speak a single word ! dude , totally agree there . i always get a bit annoyed and defend myself by saying that i just want to be the best i can be . you have a 1000 - yard-stare . no wonder people don't want to talk to you . you look scary man ! ( said by ... everyone ) on a cool winter's day in 7th grade , i was trying to remove my sweater in science class because the room was hot . somehow i got my arms tangled up and the teacher had to stop in the middle of her ... this sounds cliche , but from personal experience i have found rigorous physical activity helps . i do sprint intervals to detoxify . it doesn't cure everything but it does make me tired and numb so ... i completely connect with the attention fantasy , because i have seen how it opens doors for people . this may stray from the topic a bit , but i have been told i have a 1000 yard stare which usually ... the krusty krab pizza , is the pizza , for you and me ! i have noticed that i ( negatively ) try to fit all my behavior into the infp description . for example , if i make a bad decision it's easy to just say , oh well , that's the way i am instead of ... i have found that passion means something that you can stick with and lose yourself in . i agree that passions can melt into whims , or even start out that way . i thought i wanted to be in a music ... he sounds just like me ! i have a comp . sci . degree and it was a horrible , slow crawl to the finish . i was always slow at programming and usually wrote buggy code . i've been a professional ... i've bounced between isfp and infp when i take the test at different times or days . probably my mood , maybe ? i get that * every * time i meet people . if and when said people actually become friendly with me at some point later , they always tell me i seemed so snobby or cold . : sad : yes , yes , yes ! that's usually how things go with me , especially the cycle part . whenever i think i'm getting a deep connection with someone , it ends up being superficial . i'll ask the person to ... i have a terrible time making friends . certainly my fault , probably because i am so aloof . i usually end up with fair-weather friends . the kind that only want to hang out when there is no one ... i live my life based on them . i've been on job interviews where i didn't get a good vibe about the environment , but took the job anyway ... bad mistake in every case . i can also tell instantly when ... good point . i worked as a computer technician to pay for college and i liked the idea of getting someone's fun machine back to them . i also enjoyed teaching people things about computers when ... chrisco 333 thanks , although i guess if i was really wise i would be doing something i love : tongue : others have said , and i can confirm that passion is the key . don't make the mistake i did and end up in a career you hate just to maintain a lifestyle . i can empathize completely . my passion is drawing . sadly , my degree is in computer science and i am a programmer . i hate my career : sad : ! ! follow your passions ! ! ! don't go to school with the ... go with what interests you the most ! if you dig writing or graphics you may like the arts better than the sciences . ux / ui design is popular but you will have to get into writing css code which , for ... : tongue : that's an understatement ! corgis are cute . i lived next to a woman who had two back in 2007 . they were like little furry low riders . must ... have ... wiener dog ! wow , what an outstanding display of confidence ! your skin is coated in a sheen of it ! ! . i am a software developer and i find it frustrating and boring . i majored in comp . sci . and did so because as a younger man all i wanted was money . after almost 10 years in the field i've realized ... i struggle with self esteem on a daily basis . i agree very much that finding a passion will help . on the other hand , it can be a real soul crusher to find a passion and struggle with that as well ! ... '