' i only yell and throw fits in stores . i haven't said exactly what she said before , or in that exact tone , but if i did , it would be at the grocery store . in all seriousness , i figured it was more ... i thought the experiences were so weird . now i know it's totally normal since i am actually a robot ! are thinkers afraid of intimacy ? no . however , we worry we can't deliver on the hopes and dreams of the other party if that other party has strong feelings for us that we don't feel we can match . ... i'm not a tomboy or one of the guys , though i enjoy being around the guys . i would actually appear quite feminine . i wear my hair long and wavy / curly , and dresses or skirts most of the time . the ... i wouldn't personally know , but the alcohol is not necessarily required . proximity does help though . i would be more of a 7 myself .  ... how do you crack a woman open ? sounds painful . you know , ... , entp's play around in so many parts of their brains , it is not surprising they open more doors into rooms brains shouldn't leave unlocked . for instance , when i was young , i started ... i reckon your 8w7 might be showing with that remark ! damn straight ! finally , someone around here is making some sense . well , look at it this way : at least you know the extent of the damage . that's the worst they can come up with to dis you ? it's kind of pathetic , gotta feel sorry for them . but , you now get to ... somewhere messy with lots of problems to fix . director of chaos regularly puts out fires listens to people of other departments complain and confess things invited to sit on the boss's cabinet ... my suspicion is that many entp's don't develop their ti enough . it's like having a powerful stallion ( ne ) , but you can't use it for anything unless you can get the reins on it and a saddle . it's ... yes , they can become like poison . like selling your soul to the devil . they need to have 12 step programs for the healing process . well , here's to the long road of recovery ! ! lifts glass . that is why i am a sucker for quality subliminal messages and other romantic tricks tactics ! because then that person is more likely to shake up in my magic 8 ball brain . then they are on my mind ... not overtly nawty - - only in my double life . what is it like as a female entp ? it's fine , umm , i can't complain . there are some things in life to navigate . for instance , i have what is closer to ... if you wind up coming out of this with another entp , haven't you failed the mission ? well , this is my first time doing this . i didn't even know what to do - - had to check some sources . ;-) - i really like them . love talking about theories with them because they are happy to share them . they have ideas and things going on . not everyone does , so it is nice to find people that do ! i don't know , that's weird . i looked through a few pages of responses and didn't see any . must be in high demand ! she might be putting on a hard outer shell to disguise she is not fine being single . maybe men don't approach her often . i would encourage getting to know her . ask a few hypothetical questions , ... i didn't think i wanted to get married . i just imagined out my life without that . one day is just occurred to me out of the blue that being married could be a possibility , and i probably wouldn't ... here is what we know : he does not try to sweep you off your feet , try to impress you , make sure you don't get away , etc . until he expresses obvious feelings of affection , you won't really know . ... you should check out the rori raye blog and get a feel for her advice in similar situations i am not a supporter , nor am i completely against . i did not vote for him or her . i had no dog in the fight and did not like any candidate in the primaries ( none were worthy of the highest office ) ... i used to remember having dreams about once a week . now it is every night , often throughout the night . the difference is that i have been taking ubiquinol daily which can increase dreaming . it's ok to remain in a more balanced position between n and s . the test try to root out what your preference is , that is all . we all have both n and s . wouldn't it be nice to expand your use of ... forgive me for not knowing what field you are in . it does seem to me that it will become increasingly important as you advance in your profession to gain love and respect from people you would like ... if you take the functional stack of each type you think you might be , write them down . then go to this website to help see what is most like you . the order each function falls for each type ... flirt ! ! ! that is the way . they will love the lively give and take . will love to get teased by you . leave them with a possibility . leave them with a riddle . have fun with them on a mental ... agreed ! or are not motivated to carry out the plan . you can always google : ax site :p ersonalitycafe.com the good news is that both ne and ni are wonderful to have an dominant traits ! do you care more about possibilities or do you care more about how two things might be related ? i have been both pro-life and pro-choice , all while believe abortion was not desirable and wanting it to stop . with better medical advances , the point at which a baby can live outside its mother ... it can be freeing . leaves you not many options . i have at times fantasized about being homeless and how i would live . it can be an opportunity to show grace to the rich . a hungry belly is ... i don't know types well enough when it comes to this : a man that can convince me everything really will be ok strong enough not to be swayed by my flitting from idea to idea sensitive and ... i got a 10 . you've done no wrong . you gave them good advice from a caring heart . just they are still in the throes of what ails them and they can't appreciate it right now . but ... maybe somewhere inside your ... beer ! and men ! they're kind of strange , but i still like them ! ummm ... yeah , i also love researching a new idea . so blessed to live in the age of internet , though sometimes it's too easy . i don't know , but it's good . and when i drink , it's even better ! ! ! hopefully by now , you have already figured out what you are going to do . otherwise , it could play out as : day 1 : a small smile and nod day 2 : say hi quietly and smile . day 3 : continue a ... sounds like he is inconsiderate and rude . not just nt's but anyone can say things . they have a right to say them . but that doesn't mean there won't be consequences . for this nt , the consequence ... some ways to get into the ne mindset : practice brainstorming practice thinking of opposite ideas consider possible solutions that seem unrelated to the problem at hand listen to people who come ... i have trouble committing too . for example , i resist watching a new tv show , going to movies , or reading books . they are too long . books especially . i like reading shorter articles . however , ... when you find yourself telling strangers / fresh acquaintances about incriminating or embarrassing facts about yourself . drama or theatre arts . need to understand plots and characters . business ! ! ! do it ! ! ! you can actually get a real job when you graduate in many , many , many fields . it can lead to all sorts of possible jobs . it uses all sorts of skill sets . it is a great ... my isfp man is like you in this area too . he believes there are certain character traits for himself to measure up to be a man . such as being protective and being considerate of my needs . he does ... i think i married an isfp what i like : smart in ways that i am not ( highly verbal , a writer , a poet ) enjoy long conversations about lots of things he does not judge me he really respects my ... there are three estj's i have worked with . i liked them all . two of them i knew when they were age 35 + . these two bring / brought out the funny side of me . i was compelled to tell them lots of ... just curious if you wouldn't mind describing your dream girl ? ... or what a hypothetical estj male would want in a dream girl ? what type of girl might catch your eye ? what might a girl do , say , or ... '