' buy the technical i meant that perhaps if you had something in common with him , he might relax at the apparent boundaries and you could get to know him better . i ' jive ' better with people with same ... for me , it's like a battery . i loose energy on people contact , if i am running low to start with , i will avoid people . if i feel ' topped up ' , i will extend myself ( everything with people is an ... it doesn't matter how much you earn , it's * yours * , that is a huge step in independence ; it might feel good not having to ask dad for money for gum , comix and movies ... would feel good , no ? thanks ! both of your inputs kinda cleared that up for me . hello , thanks in advance , i am an istp . since we are both sensory , thinking and perceiving , we share a lot , yet in action most of the estp's share very few of my traits . i didn't know whether it was ... i have a son that exhibited just what you are describing . he was kind of ' gripped ' by a pushing need to individuate at an early age . if he wasn't able to he would likely feel as you do . he got ... thanks for the mid morning laugh ... i * blew * coffee out my nose ! i'll have to tell my hubby about his ' visionary life mission ' , usually he just pulls out his sword of richeousness and his majic bag ... there is little info in the last of these postings , like someone ran out of info or time . i fit some of it , but actual info 782 is missing completely , and i pretty sure it would read differently than ... i am an rn . it is singularily the most pressurous , overwhelming and demanding job in the world . just thought you might want to know :) based on this statement he made in subtypes , enneagram three self-preservation : security . in their obsession for security they make themselves sure of themselves . these threes are too sure of ... but , as i would say to my 1w9 hubby , what's wrong with wanting to use it just to belong to some cool club ? perhaps that's all they really wanted to do with the information , find others in the same ... omg . that is literally the funniest thing i have ever read on here ! very assute analogy . i find this very enlightening . thank you . or patner / befriend one . there's some gap filling with a joining that is well meshed . i just wanted to interject that you guys are sooo hard on yourselves with all that ' living up so some expecation somewhere ' , but you make the best husbands and fathers . i married one of you guys , ... painful is having done something i shouldn't have done . i am an introverted one , i am never bored , there is always cool stuff to do . i seek physical and mental stimulation . i seek not to have ... hi , i thought the same things , turned out to be far more valuable to me than i thought it would . it's purpose is not just identification of type , but to understand the purpose of it's identification ... i'd write the coolest script ever , and assign the bully the job of being a ' rock ' , or ' furniture ' or something equally perched on the stage without dialog , assign each of the gossip girls a part ... ok . i think that his ' s ' was pretty developed in spite of the ' n ' development though , his painting were of things in front of him , nothing in his mind , my ' n ' mother's art is all from the brain . this ... he was physically competitive and mentally competitive , he thought of it as ' play ' . his mind was like a sword and he augued points unmercilessly . he played tennis , raced bicycles , played chess for ... i can't drink . half a beer and my feet disappear ... i can smoke screamingly large amounts of primo weed and do fine ... i don't get it either . yeah , but you obviously saw the wisdom in a thread with the ability to increase the posting count of someone new , so they can play the games here ! this is the page i'm working on ... http://personalitycafe.com/cognitive-functions/98508-cognitive-function-picture-game-28.html#post3095549 wooo hoo ! 15 ... off to the really cool cognitive picture game ! ! ! thanks . this should be 14 posts . watch , someone with a j at the end of there xxx will post something ... this is number 3 , and i'm up to 13 ! wooh hoow , getting there ... this is number 2 . i am up to 12 . i need to put up 5 more posts because right now i have ten , and this site is telling me that i cannot play until i have 15 . the cognitive picture game is really cool . i want to play . i'm not good ... when i was tiny , i would bite people . i bit them because they touched my stuff . when i was school aged , i became a back pack wearer at a young age , so i could take all my stuff with me , and only ... thank you for replying , i have learned a lot . why would you see need for a ' team ' ? the job i have is single-minded , single-purpose , primary nurse care , rn of ccu patients . she has employed use of ... whom else would i use as a basis for what everyone is doing / thinking / feeling ? i really only have the one frame of reference at the moment . you must have developed methods that i clearly have not . i have been surfing here for a while , and of all the sections , the infp's are my least understood pile of threads that i have read . i have ... underwear is neither . never having to say sorry for farting . you make a list , and you start it with something already done ... so that you can put a line thru it . being the only one in the house ... sorry if this a repost to this thread , me , my puter or your forum is acting a bit ' off ' ... in march or so i got a new boss . female , 58-62 , either infj or enfj . she is uniformly causing trouble ... i live with three heavy usage of ' f ' peoples , and one more ' t ' people like myself . watching them , i would say that you could develop you're usage of the ' t ' portion of your makeup by placing yourself ... autobody repair and restoration , wood butchery , weilding metal , tile work , plumbing , repairing furniture , repairing appliances , door hanger , widow framer , electrician , autobody widow instillation , ... i have found that with me , and i'm older , i need people in my life , in my house and in my job , to shut out , separate from and proclaim ' alone time ' against . if no one is around , no one to try and ... my own job would be much improved if it were full of istj men . i don't find them as confusing as all the other people i have to work with . they don't ' emote ' on me , they do sports and body related ... '