' milk chocolateee ... :-) ideal relationship vs ideal adventure interesting , don't quite get socionics feel like i'm both infj and infp on there . love the physics analogies lol i get that i went through that period , but try not to let it spiral too much especially with school - if you feel powerless now - you can gain back more power and freedom by finishing school because ... well people say not to feel strongly about it but when your privacy is invaded anyone would ! so i think you're entitled to feel how you do , it's the truth and it's real . i get what you mean just ... a poem has been sprung on me , i don ’ t know what to write , experiencing a lot of complex feelings , don ’ t know which is right , i like to read a lot of rhyme , but a good line is a dollar a dime , ... tbh i like to be off the radar to begin with whether acceptance or rejection . obviously i feel and i express it fe - i don't care so much about being rejected , it's just the lengths to tell me about ... thank you :-) * express hugs * . yes familiar with some of them ... having se as a lower function , it's obvious when people are taking ' further interest ' in you . i'm normally less aware of ... guess there are crappy people everywhere ! yep me too ! ironic when many morals , values and laws are made on respecting others privacy . guess there are crappy people everywhere ! yep me too ! ironic when many morals , values and laws are made on respecting others privacy . hi , clearly writing this in a need to vent mood ! ! right now i am frustrated to death and i feel cornered . the sacred infj law of respecting our privacy is being broken and i feel like i need a ... gimlet i saw this if this anywhere similar to what yo mean , the back and forth and it's funny lol > > > http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bMfoXz6VMX0&feature=related gimlet i think i get what you mean - it's like an intellectual battle for the sake of it . i think the british word best underpins it for me - for me it doesn't equate manipulation - the word is banter - ... generally no , only when i want to be . i can't tell you the talking to's i've had from people because i switch my phone off for days or forget to charge my mobile or check my email . sometimes it's ... ... i think it's to encourage and inspire me , to go after what i want , i'm and idealist lol so living my dream would be a pretty awesome wish come true . i like being an underdog and overcoming ... i think it's being who you are to the fullest you can-moment by moment . doing what you're most comfortable with at given times , despite judgements and going after some of the things you want , because ... admission - i like most - my favorite is summer when there is a cool breeze . i tend to feel in a dream like state - plus my home country is warm =) never happened to me , i think i would feel betrayed - it's hard to get to know me on those kinds of levels anyway , so if you convinced me to let you in and then you cheated on me - don't think i'd ... btmangan lol very idealistic infj view . i agree ... but , it's not that we agree with the social construct but it is the reality of society views and no matter how much we want to ignore that to a ... i believe he's awake ! lol . i want that for him so it is so , plus there are many facts in his favor - such as the top leaning to side and the kids looking older . facts because you can see it in the ... like the jacket by the way =) lol , well the best way to learn a language is to experience it , so you're in the right place =) claro que si , la comida hmm ... i don't know what it is but i like using an accent - i it's probably ... i hope it works out for you =) in answer to you - sometimes yes and sometimes no - and if it's a yes situation i don't really accept it as that there could be many reasons . it's only valid when it is ... thank you trying to make me feel less jealous but i'd really be happy by a beach - you seem to be traveling that latin roots - so is your spanish any good ? you work that distinguished look lol . the quote that went with my description was looking back , you realize that everything would have explained itself if you had only stopped interrupting . ~ robert brault lol i get what you mean black should be the first choice but it's nice to have something different a little daring . i love the marc jacobs's quilted ones definitely are gorgeous maybe one in a pale ... sillasy - these are my faves - pricey but for future note miu miu women lace-up in black leather patent - model number : 5e7812 xzy f0002 : amazon.co.uk : shoes & accessories for more cost effective i've ... lmao , in my mind she does your sister has amazing taste - they are worth the ears - plus it would just roll right off them lol . c'mon one ? ! okay for now i'll narrow to the classics black and white ... exactly ! i know , you're actually very right - great intuition - it works on my skin ! a little wtf ? moment at your awesome in but you're an infj - so naturally lol . i think i may get them for my birthday ... you are a totally bad influence - it's like you've kidnapped and brought me to the shops to expose my desire to shop.lol =P . why i think a chanel would just y'know ... completely make the look lol ... your handwriting is amazing , it has the old skool elegance and refinement . i wish we actually still wrote like that * sighs * that's if anyone still wrote letters apart from companies - and usually i ... i love zara ! they have great clothes - being a little poorer though i take lots of inspiration from them - i am a muddle of different places - apparently hm has become one of my favorite places based on ... loving the skirts ! makes me wish the weather was nice to wear mine or that i was going out to wear my victorian ones . i love the colors ! and the style is very nice , think i have salmon top similar to the polo type one you have you've renewed my aspiration to move somewhere hot - actually cool but it's moved up my list again , so thanks . liking the look i am going through a mad maroon faze , it's one of my favorite colors but because it's in season i have to stop buying tops and jackets in that color soo hard . high five for the maroon peeking through ... i like wearing guy style for my shape too =) i have to resist buying brogues / oxfords and i love long tailored jackets in a bigger size i like the look my fav are boxers though , i just love men's boxers as shorts , like your style you pull them off well - me and suits i look like a caged animal lol , i kinda agree on the jeans thing . i love my skinny jeans and all the variances but that's why i love my boyfriend jeans - so comfy and my low rise flares i don't feel the sudden need to get a ... yay , i'm not alone =) in that case i say without a shadow of a doubt i have a thing for your wardrobe lol okay , where ... are ... you .. ? and please don't say anywhere too awesome because i'm jealous enough as it is ... by the beach * sighs * . prying myself away from the pangs of jealousy , i respect the rebellion ... hi jd , i'm not a journalist but wanted to be one , i see how it would be a skill set for an infj - but what about you ? are you genuinely interested in the field ? i think you sound defeated and using your family as a reason when they are most likely to have the polar opposite stance . trust me i've known the depths , the why and the why not - please hang in ... evolving at the right pace - ( shorter than 6 woo , i live in the future an am a little ... bit impatient but as one of favorite quote denotes ... an infp walks into a bar , takes a seat looks at the bar top then at the bartender square in the eyes it seems so exotic and refreshing the infj bartender looks at the infp were you talking about ... i like that everyone knows what they like and what they don't , guess we're active in choosing our own style . y'know that person , y'know the one i'm talking about , c'mon them ;-) lol you know who you are out there , give us a wave =) norah jones - be my somebody - just like the acoustics in that type of mood and her voice is amazing all of your dishes sound delish-i see a small food business on the horizon if a few infj's teamed up =) . i kept reading and picturing , then panting lol . i love to cook soup - came to me - homey food ... which foods do you cook / bake / make ? this probs more regular basis which foods can you cook / bake / make ? this probs rarely done - e . g . very intricate , time consuming etc which foods would you like ... '