' so rules of the game . you can ask and / or answer a deep question that starts with i , what if , or would you . can be answering your own question or another person's or just simply asking the world ... i vote for 7 down 8 up one . settle for nothin less than the letters being like dragons wizards and knights fighting jedi's and aliens . as my friend said always go all out what is we feel too much ? ok so i would have posted this in the christmas thread but ii wanted to say how i love it and offer up things for other people to say . ok i love my kindle fire i got for christmas . it's so ... 1 . woot i inspired and inspirer ! 2 . i agree with aura thing said . although ive mainly dated brown-black hair girls with one dirty blonde exception . 3 . get those feet away from me ! ewww . any feet is ... this thread blew up lol . and zack braff i would idealize not go gay for though . i love scrubs though . season 1-8 . i sorta liked season 9 . ok rules post someone you'd go gay / straight for , marry right now without getting to know them , kidnap , or anything else really weird like that . combinations and / or mutiple entries allowed . all types ... when your girlfriend is usually is a person you meet one day and dating the next . lol =) when you're too sweet for most girls . can fix and matchmake like a boss but when comes to yourself , have ... and here we go . 1.who am i ? darius orion daniels . only non book way to describe me . 2.is there a god ? ( if yes , what is god ? ) yes . god is god . all knowing etc . 3.what happened at the ... whore . plain and simple . also can be added at end of most insults . =) awesome post for 1 . 2nd thing would be that i love the avatar picture was there after i read post . lol thanks . informative and entertaining ! edit : girls been screwing with my emotions for their own amusement . that would be answer to question . your one letter away ! lol thanks though i got the jest , but i made a funny and made it orignal =) * cough * dan cook * uncough * that's like talking about the weather . if there's a hurricane outside that may or may not exist =) they do look hot lol ! so been depressed / feeling hopeless lately , and i was wondering tips on how enfp's get out of that ! root of feelings come from girls ! commence ! have yet to realize someone is an enfp girl ! i keep finding infj's strangely enough . and been in love twice ended badly ! regrets in relationship ? yes . regret having relationship ? no . regrets for ... i think infp ( or whatever ruo was ) because she would just hide in trees till everyone else dies . shirtless and pantless time ! does personality matter more than looks , or is vice-versa true ? and by how much ? open to all =) i'd say secure . true for at least me . i could see many enfp's being anxious though enfp = reading minds ... wait ... we already got that =) short * ( correction =) ) write a shory essay , paragraph , or sentence that explains the first thing that comes to mind . ready ? go ! just had to mention scientology eh ? lol only an intj =) oh and i strangly click with my intj girlfriend . i like u intj's now ur my new favorite enfp . u play wow ! ! ! jd from scrubs ! ! ! i also say eragon from eragon =) would it be egotistical ( spelling ? ) to say enfp's ? don't we have the abilty to step into other people's shoes and kinda getting to know them that way ? so is there rushing in for us , if that is true ? big words ! ! ! ; , o 15 and dressing up like waldo and still quarterback on football team =) 1 . being with my friends . playing sports . being with a so . ( hot girl can be a subsitute ) 2 . love fun happines in that order . sometimes ? you don't know me obvisouly lol . enfp only because we are more likely to do romantics things then infp =) ( plus enfp's are hyper infp's ;) ) he got 2 girls at same time in the same night he meet them without trying and managed to do it by saying his wife left him ... defintely enfp ! lol um that people never invite me to do things and that no one likes me romantically ? thanks everyone =) just wanted to know the character types so have at it plz =) ( i'm hoping ash and / or pikachu is enfp lol =) ) still in hs ... met random girl and i dont what about her but everything seemed easier we flirted and stuff lol . now to apply this to all gitls hmmm =) you do realise infj is like only like 1 % of girls right lol . they hard to find ! ! ! so i do do the whole accidentle ( that spelled right ? ) flirting with people thing and i like having friends that are girls and ect and i do act normal and stuff around them and we have fun but ! ( pause ... dragons ! and squiral ! me wants a girlfriend :( don't thinkanyone likes me that way though ... [ quote = voldemort ; 1630477 ] infp quote ] ha i knew it lol . i think if u didnt have childhood trauma you would be enfp though =) like i've read so many times . enfp are like infps on sugar rushes =) when you want to great her do what i do . pick her up and twirl in a circle and put her down . i call the twirl hug ( dont care if it has real name that is what i call it ! ! ! lol =) ) talk normally ... leading if it seems more benefical to me and group . or more fun being that freak that everyone loves ! '