' agreed . i think it would be rad to have been born between 1890 and 1910 and to live until today . from technology to the different ways of thinking , to have seen it all evolve - and to have been a ... i struggled with math at a young age as well . though i think it's because my parents always got mad and frustrated with me when i'd ask them questions and for help - they've always been very stressed ... agreed , well vice versa . even in same sex and platonic relationships . i'm pretty sure 3 out of the 4 relationships i've had were with infps . 2 of them i know for sure were . i also have a strong ... stay strong brother . keep focused , meditate and surround yourself with positive people . if you have to cut out negative people from your life , even if it's a relative - so be it . don't let other ... i see this as a misnomer . what you're really trying to develop is your certainty in your f ( which is really a balancing of your functions altogether ) . this can easily be achieved through dynamic ... your family isn't ' perfect ' . nor is every one like your family . the beauty of life is that you get to pick your own friends . choose them wisely , for in time they become ' family ' . ' trust ' isn't ... who said anything about talking yourself into a depression ? the law of attraction is not just about positive thinking - although it's crucial . without action , you have nothing . that's why people ... abraham hicks . discuss . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ydJe_l1y9o 30988 10char tea ! all enfjs i know are avid tea drinkers , prove me wrong perscafé ! k , seriously you guys are just way too friggen ( ridiculously ) beautiful ( and awesome ) . i just had to say it , there ! kc , you sure you're enfj , lol ? jk ... even when i'm at my worst , if i'm around people i love i will be radiating joy . just being around people makes me happy . it's when i'm alone ( for too long ) ... for whatever reason i've never been a fan of the term ' spiritual ' . don't ask me why , because i don't know ... but , i am some what of a ' spiritual ' person . this is becoming more and more evident . i'm ... kiwigrl & unico thanks a lot guys ! ! :D anyone familiar with the law of attraction ? ? ? there was a movie / documentary about it called the secret : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=HiYWhSl6_-E over the last few ... i play a bit of guitar ! i have yet to get really ' into ' it . i can play a few bowie songs and i am learning some stuff by neil young . my enfj from an other mother is friggen pro at guitar . ^ ^ agreed . you can only really help yourself in life . the only time you can help others is when they ask for it . arguably parents shouldn't even be so involved in their kid's future . i think ... charlie fink looks like a couple of enfjs i know , interesting ! & olivia wilde - nom nom nom regina spektor - definitely ! happy about nothing kinda looks like her hah ! ... i can def relate kc . i've come to understand this process of isolation through systems - social systems . i love being around people , working with people and helping people , but i also need my ... perhaps she needs the attention . perhaps it is precisely the lack of attention that makes her unhealthy . perhaps she's been so deprived of it that she doesn't know how to ask anymore , hence why she ... i put 2-5 times per week . that's my average . sometimes i'm all in , other times i'm gone , and sometimes i'm somewhere in between :) i don't know what my favorite threads are . they come in all ... dayumn ! beyoncé's got it . i've never paid attention to her until now . that video is dope . i can relate to a lot of people in this thread . i'm strangely confident . my attitude is basically ... hahahahaha i knew this would have been by an infp :P ( hahahahahahahaha ) ^ ^ fully agree about nothing . about enfjs being too good to be true : - it all has to do with yourself . this might be obvious , but it's far overlooked when interacting with people ( even ... i actually love esfjs . my mom is one . i used to hate her , but i realized i had my own issues and dealt with them . esfjs are awesome because , yes - sure - they might be a little insensitive , but they ... go for it buddy . what most people recall on their death bed is everything they didn't do . a very good friend of mine is isfp . it actually boggles me how we're friends sometimes - i don't know why precisely - though we get along great . this . 10char wat ? ? what is this mambo jambo . get this stuff out of your head ! i don't know who you are , but i know you're an amazing person . you deserve everything you want . life's a struggle , but you got it ... 2011 was a really interesting year for me . there have been none like it . i learned a lot about myself , the world and where i stand in between . the entire year was filled with transitions ; ... i'm pretty much 50/50 . i need e's in certain situations and i's in other . my ideal partner ( personally ) would be an infp . and around that i'd want to have a full spectrum of personality types as a ... yup . i'm also hearing a lot of talk about vibrations . really interesting stuff ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CuM678WXs0c oh , it's happening . don't go back to school : a handbook for learning anything by kio stark — kickstarter http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VpZtX32sKVE&feature=pyv&ad=6739540474&kw=silver ... hahaha . yeah - that's totally me . i feel like i'm light years ahead sometimes . not trying to vaunt - but to confirm a remark . it often takes months or years , before people get into the ' things ' ... * * * sorry , for whatever reason i can't edit my original post * * * 1 . do you feel disconnected from ' society ' as a whole ? 2 . do you feel disconnected from your local community ? elaborate . ... 1 . do you feel disconnected from ' society ' as a whole ? 2 . do you feel disconnected from your local community ? i can't figure out how to make a poll . bare with me . where do your claims come from ? i'm objectively curious to learn more ... hah wow ok ... time for a bit of a contrast . i have a fucking amazing memory . it's beyond my consciousness sometimes . literally . not only do i remember everything , vividly . but when i forget ... that , and that anyone can do anything . adding on : if you work on all of your senses , balancing them , you will become the best person you possibly can be , despite your mbti type . ideally we'd all be ... from 15 to 20 i smoked a lot of weed . and when i was 20 it was mostly hash . between being 17 and 21 i smoked cigarettes socially on and off . and throughout those years i enjoyed a beer here and ... my general rule is to eat stuff that comes from good sources ... if its meat - make sure it's from well kept animals that weren't fed growth hormones & what have you . so 80-90 % of my diet is ... i agree that it bothers me sometimes that people don't necessarily know what they're talking about . however that's for you to judge - or question . i literally know 10 + enfjs irl . 2 of them have ... tan - it's kind of ironic that you like guns , lol . i'm passionate about too many things . so i only get passionate about one thing at a time . right now it's ... i've learned that even though i might think my ' work ' is stupid at times , there's somebody - at some point - who will benefit from it . that was an awesome read . if you can , re-activate your ... i am trying to blog daily : health , wealth and personal development could def use some feedback hah , thanks ! just go out and shoot , learn how the shutter speed and aperture work and look for an interesting perspective , how things are aligned , etc . it also helps if you visualize how the b & w will ... i hope i haven't already posted these http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6195/6120737301_b557fb1e79_z.jpg http://farm7.static.flickr.com/6205/6120658129_b9a644605d_z.jpg ... some sort of jamaican hat made from thick straw . i hung it on a wall next to a light , which is the glowing orange spot in the photo . it's a polaroid i took . possibly the first one i ever took actually . i really like the feel of it :) http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3161/4068752627_5c49c306ba.jpg strange how typically i'm an optimist . montreal come to the city of illusion ! regarded by outsiders as a center of culture of parisian descent . but don't be fooled by its neolithic ... '