' i hate these mind games . i think when somebody is consciously trying to get inside your head to manipulate you , it shows a great amount of disrespect . please just be kind and down-to-earth . but on ... christianity ! ( specifically , i'm a catholic , but i hope one day there will be full christian unity ) i want to be a rock for the world , and especially my friends and family , the most beloved . i want to be a solid object for them to lean on when they need it . if i can do that , all will be well in my ... thanks for your comments . i don't actually write with noteflight as i typically use pencil and paper . i just punch it into the computer to get some idea of what it will sound like . i've used other ... here's something i'm working on now . as you'll probably be able to tell , it's very unfinished . noteflight i think it varies from person to person . for me , it's a separation between the animal side of ourselves that answers to lust and urges , and the human side that answers to our mind and conscience , ... i like to lead , especially with people i know well and with something i'm passionate about . however , i have a hard time being stern when i need to be . i agree with being second in command though ... with people who know me and i'm comfortable with , i get the cute and calming description . whenever my bit of extroversion comes out , i'm constantly cracking jokes , but only if i feel fairly ... i don't think i can see anyone as normal , at least once i get to know them a little . everyone is insane : laughing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gQ99OMlI5cg i'm sorry to hear about your situation . i know how having depressed loved ones can go , and found that i had to be very careful not to let it grow on me . know the functions and try to learn which ... i think in my normal daily demeanor i can look either spacey or serious . some people might tell me i look completely aloof , while others might say i always look serious . i guess it depends on the ... when you absolutely hate your high school senior pictures because they edited them to make your skin look better because you had some crazy tan lines all over your face , but the fact that they took a ... i absolutely love music . my main instrument is sax , but i also play euph and a little trumpet . most wind instruments are pretty easy for me to pick up . on the other hands , i'm terrible at piano or ... i feel that way when i talk to other infps . i guess it's because i understand the way they're head works so well , and my empathy really goes to work . it never really feels too profound , but i just ... onion . wait , does that mean ogres are infps ? most things i'll only cry alone or with one of those few people who know me beyond being able to judge me for anything . the last time i cried around a bunch of people was this past november , but ... as of now , mostly the people who love and believe in me . left to my own devices , i would never be satisfied with myself , and end up in self-destruction mode . i start to cry on the inside whenever one ... left brain right brain 40 % 60 % your left brain percentages 32 % linear ( your most dominant characteristic ) 30 % logical 20 % reality-based 14 % sequential 14 % verbal 9 % ... this is so me . i'm literally the dumbest person in the world when it comes to recognizes romantic hints . as infps we might be able to get others pretty well , and be good listeners , but for the love ... i'm a a perfectionist with just about anything i put any time into . for example , i , as typical with infps , don't always keep my bedroom very clean . but if i take the time to clean it , it's going to ... 82 % , level 5 the question about thinking that i'm fine as i am wasn't exactly my best answer . my perfectionism can be a real jerk to me sometimes . i can be really witty with my friends , but not at all with strangers . i think it's just that i'm more comfortable with them and know how they'll react , and what they'll find funny . knowing somebody ... i just bought a bunch of hershey's kisses to hand out to people tomorrow . hopefully i'll make someone's day a little better : kitteh : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FpZyCIF841Q well , last year wasn't the best valentines for me ; i had recently ended a relationship , and the last few weeks of it were filled with pain and regret . this year i've been happily single for awhile , ... i've never given into being drinking and smoking , and i'm proud of myself for that . i don''t plan on ever doing much drinking at all , and certainly nothing heavy . thankfully none of my friends have ... 1 ) god , whom i believe is always there , no matter how hard it is to see , and gives me strength and innumerable gifts throughout my life . 2 ) my beloved friends and family . these are the people who ... i think that if you wanted to date an infp , the biggest thing is gaining their trust . for me , there's a very definite line that separates what i share with everyone , and then what i tell only a ... i don't actively go out to find a date . if i'm i meet someone and our relationship evolves into something romantic , then i'll go with it as long as i'm happy ( and of course my ideals haven't been ... yesterday was great . it started early with a highway cleanup for about an hour and a half , then i went to kill about thirty minutes of time at the beach on pondered how so many oranges ended up ... i've decided that i'm going cover my bedroom walls in posters of dinosaurs , spaceships , and racecars so i can be a child again . especially my favorite dinosaur , the brontosaurus . i'd also like to ... i do this pretty much every day . now with my few really , really close friends , i am an open book . half the time i don't have to explain anything , they just read my face or voice and know exactly ... when people kill spiders on sight , or any other bug . if you see a bug minding its own business , what makes you want to kill it ? besides , spiders are the ultimate bros of the big world . i get that ... i have two big auditions within two days of each other later this month . this is making my stress levels increase x1000 , for a normally extremely relaxed person . if only i could fast forward a ... and so you touch this limit , something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further . with your mind power , your determination , your instinct , and the experience as well , you can fly very ... music , all the way . i can normally write fairly well , but i don't find it particularly expressive or fun . i can draw too , but i take a really long time to draw a picture that actually looks like ... kites i experience this a bit too . i think mainly it's because it's a new behavior for you , like wanderlust said . i have a group of friends , most of them girls , that i'm pretty close to , and often ... anything seafood , especially mexican and mediterranean . i need nothing more than the sea , rice , and beans 91757 this always sets my imagination free http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TJdLBgRQVyM green ! i have a good number of friends , and can get along with a lot of people . where i get selective is with my really close friends . it's not really me selecting people to be close to me , but certain ... i'm normally from a 1-3 , depending on the day , my workload , that sort of thing . the past few days have been at a 1 . whenever i'm at my best , i'm in love with everything . and i mean everything . i ... when i have kids , i am totally doing this . i've always hated seeing those dead , dried up worms when you're procrastinating on the web and come across an article titled insta-prayers for each meyers-briggs personality type , and bust out laughing because fr infp it reads : god , help me to ... i'm not much of a writer , but i do a bit of composition . my first step is simple : get an idea . that can be as simple as feeling like writing something for string quartet , or have the concept of ... i try not to , and for the most part i'm successful . i would say that i swear less than many of my friends , but who i'm with definitely impacts it . i always feel unhappy with myself whenever i do ... when i was in the fourth grade , i was roughhousing with a friend of mine , just normal fourth grader stuff . anyways he hit me with his backpack and my head went into the emergency exit handle and ... '