' i can seem like an intj or like an infj at times . can't be any of the sj types . definitely not . social skills can be practiced and enhanced . i find socialization and public speaking easy and simple . shyness and insecurity are not related to being extroverted / introverted . perhaps you were always an extrovert but were restraining yourself form getting the socialization you craved , because of ... an estj figurehead an intp actually cleverly planning everything an entj to boss around the slaves isfj slaves . an intj to fill in the practical holes that arise from grand intp schemes ... an estj figurehead an intp actually cleverly planning everything an entj to boss around the slaves isfj slaves . an intj to fill in the practical holes that arise from grand intp schemes i guess intjs are more prone to think about things like this as a competition . in general , intjs are more likely to try to reduce something with a lot of possibilities into a single best ... for me it's not friendship that is the starting place , but chemistry . i need good chemistry with someone to enjoy the sex . but still i have lots of unsatisfying sex with people who i don't have ... i actually had casual sex like 30 minutes ago ha i have casual sex for the sake of experience . sex is not a big deal for me . this question sounds like it was written by an intj yes because when it's presented to you it's presented as a riddle . but still , most people would not kill a sibling to get with a man . also i do not think apathy is the same thing as lacking emotions . i think apathy can stem from emotional numbness , but people who feel emotions can still be apathetic , and people who are don't feel ... i don't see apathy as being the same as neutrality . when i think of apathy i think about people who if you ask them for help on something , will say what's in it for me ? and walk away . people ... i'm not jealous of intjs . the thing that i've noticed is that intps usually have at least some amount of self doubt about heir conclusions and theories , whereas intj's don't , and therefore can jump ... also , from my experience it is definitely the infps who hate everyone . i mean actually , it is a very infp thing . i feel that most of the infps i know hate everyone , or are generally quick to become ... xahhakatar all of your responses sound infp to me . res scientific articles that disagree with the mbti the idea of emasculation is a joke imo second born child intensely mother-dominated household . like 100 % of the power and decision making was my mother's and my father was basically another child . the oldest i've gone was a relationship with someone 35 years older than me . i think some people are naturally more creative than others , but i see creativity as a skill that can be developed and exercised . so there's a little luck in it , but it's not all luck . this is a troll thread xisnotx is mud yes my first period - i was 13 and there was blood in my underwear . i got pads . no pain , no cramps . no shock . i new what periods were . the end i tend to attract submissive men who want my validation , both sexually submissive , and submissive in interactions . i don't mind it , but at some point i feel like i'm their therapist when they are ... sexually dominant , though exceptions can be made if there's a powerful woman who wants to dominate me . in most life situations i'm neutral but i can be dominant very easily in that i can take ... frozen is a mediocre movie long waits are usually not worth it sometimes friendships should die instead of being forced / or worked on men are usually more emotional than women i like the ... out of the introverted feeling types , infjs seem to be the most self assured and wise . i suppose people want to see themselves that way . an observer of most things . when it comes to interesting / weird / strange experiences , that's when i like to participate social awkwardness is not something that comes from introversion or extroversion - its more of a skill . all of the intps i know ( including myself ) are all good at striking up conversations with ... usually people say it in a light hearted way , so i get it's neutral . but the word itself definitely has negative overtones . so while people say it to me in just an amused kind of way oh you're so ... time travel ! i would take the time travel pill ! it seems like the best choice . second best : flying / levitating ! come on , these pills let you defy the laws of physics ! i think the intellect pill ... an idea : people label other people cynical just because they aren't as mushy gushy as the rest . i'm am pretty detached , and i never feel the need to rely on others . i think people would assume ... yes i do wonder how many people no the internet who claim to be intjs actually are intj's . it seems that people might type themselves that way because it gives them excuse to be assholes . or because ... i heard that 48 laws of power is pseudo-science-self-help that has chapter to chapter contradictions in it . but hey , who knows ? books that have made me a better person ? that's difficult . books ... i actually am very attracted to people i think are similar to me . i suppose it depends on the person . my sister - who is an isfj with a tendency to being controlling admits that she couldn't be ... there are definitely people who go for intps . i don't see why it is assumed that intps are unattractive . i'm an intp woman and i have a friend who is an intp man , and what i've noticed for both of ... when you're a conspiracy theorist who gets excited about the mandela effect intps and intjs can both test their theories . the questions to ask are more like : do you have a set of personal principles that you follow ? ( that would be fi , which intj's have ) or do you think ... it's interesting that you say an example is concrete and a definition is abstract . i would have the thought the opposite - that giving a definition is concrete , while giving an example is abstract . ... i don't relate to people in general . the things you people say - that women expect you to pick apart your emotional life or something , women never do that to me . sometimes men expect me to act ... i would never use the word soft to describe an intp . the reason we aren't openly bitter or aggressive the way intjs can be is because we are detached , living in our heads . something else to consider - intjs have fi not fe . intj's have their own principles and can be annoyed when other people do things that don't mesh wit their personal principles - in this case it's ... i'm an intp and i also feel drawn to the underdog . a vague protectiveness of the person that every one else rejects . like i'm there to balance it out . kind of like if no one else wants tp pay ... yeah that's about what it is . to weigh decisions you have to know how you feel about each consequence and from there you can further strategize . when people get brain damage to the emotional ... i used to seriously consider being a flight attendant so i could travel . but then i found out that i wasn't tall enough for the height requirement that most flight attendants need to reach . and i do think that the notion that women are more feeler than men is detrimental . too many women are pushed into situations that they don't want to be in or shouldn't be in ( like becoming ... also something to take into account - the thinking / feeling dichotomy is probably the least accurate of the dichotomies in the meyers briggs . a vestigial organ left over from an outdate time .  ... women aren't biologically better at giving care . it's a social role that women learn . people who grow up in abusive households are more likely to become abusers ( this applies to women and men ... '