' oh fellow infj's ... i came to this post because i was second-guessing my character . it was a compulsive self-punishment , because i'm about to undertake some major self-empowering efforts in my life ... yardiff bey where do you get this strata from ? lots of thought here . is this an original creation , or something based on dante's inferno ? nex are you doing better ? seems like you have the skills to handle it . i like how you said that you can whine all you want - - very true ; more people should learn to handle malaise with honesty . we spend a lot of energy validating others ; i think we deserve to recognize how to trust ourselves and that our anger is valid like any other's . developing assertiveness is a challenge , and nigh ... i let it out in music . overt angst is appropriate in art . for example , i offer moot . this song displays both vitriolic and sophisticated infj anger ... i like ' em a lot . i've one good infp friend , and a few infp acquaintences . people with infp preferences don't seem to like labels as much as those who prefer infj , so perhaps that's why there are ... lulz 170898 i'm a sub . i have a non-exclusive fetish for glasses , and slightly magical looks , like they're part elf or hobbit or something . i like them medium built , obstinate , creative and smart . cypherpunks are the ... disclaimer : not an intp , just like the type and want to share some luv to yas . : * the living rede ( i'm a 16 , my intp partner is an 8 . ) we're both demi-hetero . the ultimate sexual orientation test : ... very true , shea . i like being protected socially , and will usually only get bold around a few trusted friends . i met my current intp partner of 7 years while on a late-night jaunt to a ... i'll also add some cautionary thoughts . if someone told me irl that they were looking to acquire infjs for relationships , it would be an instant no for me . watch your approach ; all that literature ... well , this post is no guide , but i'll share some thoughts . we like to go to places like health foods stores , coffee shops and libraries , as well as most other artsy , bookish places . we tend to dress ... esfj males tend to grow up into soldier-like men , and very good at being family oriented , i've read and noticed . one i know is a single dad , bodybuilder and nurtitional supplement rep . i also think ... i've read that it's difficult to determine if someone prefers n or s until they are older . i might've been more of an ixfj type as a kid , and thus changed or ( more like ) developed into my mature ... i've wondered this too . i'm a survivor of multiple traumas . i think i was always an infj , however . i've read that some people are more likely to sustain trauma symptoms than others , but i haven't ... when fights happen because sex didn't . when sex is foreplay . when i hate you very much is a potential expression . i will fight if provoked . infj here , chiming in because i'm with an intp partner and have a good intj mutual friend . they are major competition for each other , and i think very respectful of each other , too . the intj was ... my apartment smells like farts they do it so much . it's always the pets too , as i only fart musically . :P ^ except this one . i'm good at timing em ' too ; very artsy-fartsy . there's no number i could have that would make a hill of beans to me in my daily life . good luck with your test , op , and the challenge you need it for . sorry about the spat on your thread , but at ... hey , i've noticed you ! your profile photo is very nice , and as long as you're the one without the stubble , i'd say you certainly look like an inf . ;) p or j , whatever , i'm happy you're here . also , ... heyo ! i'm newish here , and want to welcome you ! there are some weirdos with strange comments , but most of the folks here are super cool . i like to use my ti too , and am glad to find another who's ... welcome ! i'm newish here , and find it quite lovely . there are some trolls , but there are a lot of wonderful posts too . my intp partner especially enjoys the games . have a good time ! i'm glad i joined ! it feels much better to participate . i used to be very devoted to both the western and chinese / vietnamese horoscopes . i'm a pisces / scorpio rising ; or a fire rabbit year / fire horse day sign . i lost my faith in horoscopes some time ... just awesome . fool me once sporadic aura , shame on you . your assumptions are not what i was discussing , never were . read up on what you like , kid . i'm not here to solve this for you . my statement is from a gender neutral perspective , and is a solid concept besides . i'm glad it interests you , as it's the truth , which also has little gender preference . i'm not being hypocritical to ... ^ i wouldn't have sex with anyone but my partner irl . still , i have to agree with daleks_exterminate that your avatar is very attractive . i apologize when i'm ready to take maximum responsibility . usually it takes a moment for me to calm down after whatever i've done to feel clear-minded enough to figure out what's going on , and what i ... good thread idea , honesty is so important for development . i want to vent about how much i dislike it when others display petty envy of my ways . when others pick on me for being honest and ... i find that they have a lot they are considering , and want to present the best for their interlocutors . not a slow-minded type , imo , but often so deep . what does needs more stirring mean , merihim ? i can't tell what you're talking about . please explain ? i hope you weren't trolling me . fepa : the test is designed for the male brain , so you might very well be even brighter than that . estp's are good at handling the shittier shit life can serve with a smile . i've been through a lot of trauma and have relied on the estp preferences to survive , with good results . i'm more objective ... thanks , tootsiebear ! ( and mr . cafebot , lol ! ) well , that stinks ( ) . it's a good thing that your dad stepped in . there's no guarantee a mother like that will change , but at least you tried . now , you have both disappointment and ... i'm new . this looks simple enough . i don't know if i'd even bother to answer if you'd asked something hard - - like what color i like . it looks like many of us have multiple missions as we see ... hello , i am a new member , and an old fan of this forum . i'm going to take a crack at this one because i have experience with intp ( my partner of seven years ) as well as esfj ( my older half ... hello all , i am a former lurker joining today . i have been observing for quite a while , and am happy to introduce myself as your ghost rider . i am here to learn and be learned from . thanks for ... '