' heck yeah . i'm all different in different situations . i can relate less or more to most types , but i don't feel home as much as i do with intj . i think i relate most to entp , estp , enfp , istp , intp ... i made some of my friends and my family members to take the test . the only one that got interested and wanted to continue talking about it was my intp friend . : laughing : i swear . a lot . i just had to click myself into this thread because of the name in last post by . now , to be of any use , i bump this thread . hi . i've understood that i really like entp characters in movies / tv-shows , so i'd like to ask for tips on shows i could watch that gives a lot of screen time for ze entp's . i have dp / dr and i used to have ocd ( fortunately not as much anymore ) . and some other stuff , although not serious enough to mention , i guess ... i don't know what type i am , i have been typed as intp , ... hmm ... would't say i'm very experienced with typing people . :D but i think dennis might be ixxj and bertram estx . i have also seen people typing him as that , but i agree with you . i think he's entp . patrick jane teresa lisbon kimball cho wayne rigsby grace van pelt red john madeleine hightower gale bertram luther wainwright virgil minelli what do you think about him ? some sort of ntj maybe ? yeah , maybe . but for me it would be a big step . i'm quite stubborn once i get motivation for something , and if i only decide sometime to make things better , and have like a plan , i think i might fix ... i usually get up 5:30 mon-fri and eat a lot of breakfast , then i take my bike a little bit more than 1 mile to the bus . i don't think there's time enough to get up earlier to exercise in the morning ... yes , i want to ! but i think i need someone that can push me to do so , because right now i feel weak and without any motivation at all . and yes , i will definitely go outside more , ugh ... currently yes . i didn't use to , but the past year , definitely . can't , because the mind makes it physically impossible and how am i supposed to get in the shower if i can't even get out of bed ? ;) i usually eat a lot for breakfast before school , but on the weekends i tend to sleep till lunch , so , hehe . i have always loved to sleep , but it wasn't until about a year ago i became messed up in ... thing is , i've never really faced any hard times in my life , so i've had too much time to create mental problems for myself . i have had ocd since i was 10/11 , and always been shy . it takes me lots of ... what could they do ? do you mean like a shrink , to see if it will become better if i let someone in to my head , or do you mean drugs ? hola folks . i have a bit of a problem . i'm 18 years old , and i've always heard that teenagers need more sleep , but i've always been like this and never really got rid of it ( i know i'm still a teen , ... i'd like to change my username to : aiura thanks in advance ! bump i'll read and then reply when i've learned some more about this . right now i'm just feeling stupid lol . hmm ... but why did it say i'm probably 5w6 or 6w5 ? ok i guess i get the idea of the gut-heart-mind part , but can i see what's my core type based on the result the test gave me ? i assume the gut-heart-mind part is for instance 2w1 4w5 6w5 and then 2w1 ... i can not remember than i have even heard about it . looks like a have a lot of things to dig into haha . why only 3w4 or 3w2 ? and is the core-type type 1 for me ? if you noticed my second post i wrote the other answer ... but ya i'll read some more about this , it's interesting . i took another test and got this result : hello peeps . i just took the test . i've done it once before , but it was quite awhile ago . i've seen people writing for instance 3w2 or 5w9 and stuff , but what's my two numbers if i got this ... 9 fear + 14 avoidance yeah , well , i didn't exactly know how to describe them hehe ... but i guess it's some sort of puzzle . unfortunately i've solved all levels in flow and the updates with new levels don't really come ... i don't like riddles and anagrams especially either , but games such as flow , 8 loop , block , 1010 and 2048 i really do enjoy , cos it's so relaxing and makes me think about other stuff at the same time ... hello people . i have been thinking about what personality types find puzzles and mini games amusing . personally i'm an xntx ( most likely intj ) and i absolutely love mini games and puzzles . pretty ... i've actually watched a few episodes of prison break and i found it quite interesting . t-bag was amusing . house ... i think i used to watch that tv-show years back , but i don't remember anything ... i've watched a few episodes of supernatural , but i'm so easily scared so i didn't have the braveness to continue watching hahaha . but i think i'll try to watch it again , someday ... i watched like ... i'm looking for a tv-series or a movie to watch , that has a funny and a little pain in the ass-ish character . i like characters such as : patrick jane - the mentalist barney stinson - how i met ... exxp do you have a motivation or is it just a gut feeling ? anyone else that has something to say ? when you cook food ! ? not only when you bake ? or do you prefer to improvise and change ingredients in the recipe ? and what's your mbti type ? any guesses ? i'm bumping this up because i wanna know kane's type what's a one-liner ? lol i don't have english as my first language so may i join ? ? lol i identify in almost all of these bullets , but i consider myself to me more of an intj / entp . it all depends on the situation you're in . but ya , what do i know . don't get stuck in one type , none's ... + 1 what a nice text , love that . thank you it means a lot to me that you're saying that . it's been a couple of rough hours for me and i didn't know where to go . i really appreciate that . often when i bake something or make something for myself i do it because i want it . if the purpose is to share it with others then fine , i'll give it to everybody who wants it . but if i do something ... '