' apologize , acknowledge what went wrong , but most of all be willing and do offer an explanation of what happened . free example : once when i actually expressed my disappointment at being left out ... i got some kitty snuggles when i stopped by parents earlier today . i miss being able to have them more often though . have some theoretical huggles . hang in there . you can make it through . i enjoy the process of making plans . it as very soothing to figure how to make all the pieces come together . i make a lot of plans that i never implement , or even really intend to , because i know ... awww ! let me swoon now and fall down at your feet . i so adore being called cute . veeerrry tempting . . . i had a sunday off for once and heard from someone i wasn't expecting to . : happy : now i just need to finish packing because i have to be moved out by friday and have only about 18 hrs total this ... if that slot for an intj is open , where do i apply . i lived in russia for a while and i regret not getting out into siberia or really much more than a day's train from moscow . i would love to see ... a good time to me is time when i can work on one of the projects i have on my seemingly unending list . sometimes it's nice to have one or two other people around to project with so you can trade ... http://slowrobot.com/i/41453 if only i could make this work . . . depends on how much i like you . if i don't like you , it'll be painfully blunt or i won't even bother trying and just take my exit . if i know you and think you're a decent person , i'll get to the ... they've cut off the cable internet so my router is now utterly pointless and forced us all onto the staff wifi which is blocking all things google . now i can't check my email . this is great . didn't i say i didn't want to spend half an hour explaining it ? ! ? short version : i take care of / try to provide a home-like environment for disadvantaged youth . ( think boys town lite ) i am an intj who has chosen to work with kids . most of the kids are enjoyable . i would like to have kids of my own at some point , hopefully things can work out that way . my kids won't be ... it's probably not a good thing if you want to avoid meeting new people because you know they're going to ask about what you do and it'll take half an hour to explain what it is you do and where the ... after being grumpy with myself all morning for not having any motivation , i finally kicked myself out of the house to go for bike ride . thought i was going to die on one of the smaller hills on the ... i have an outline of where i would like to go with my life . back in college , i had a plan all laid out , but thenot i realized that the main component of the plan wasn't the best option for me . ... actually that's why you shouldn't eat baby food as an adult . if a mommy eats baby food , a baby will grow inside her belly so it can clean up all that baby food like a vacuum cleaner . is that silk dupioni amongst all the rest of those beautiful fabrics . you must tell where is this temple of tissues so that i may come and worship appropriately . ( i . e . come , gaze , caress , dream , ... u200bdrool . . . finally set up a date with a guy . then the brothers call : we're going to get be in town a day earlier than planned . we should take mom to dinner . the night i'm supposed to have that date .   ... well , so i emailed him . i offered an activity too . we'll see what happens . discover what you value most and never settle in those areas but be willing to compromise and work with other people when you need to or it's not so important a while ago someone i kind of know asked if she could set me up with a guy that she knows . i agreed and said yes because i've been realizing that i need some changes in my life if i'm going to make ... green . the color of a forest , but not necessarily as dark as the forest green found in crayon boxes . after that comes blues and purples . the dark , rich tones . like others have said , i was the quiet one who would go with the flow and internalize it all . if i couldn't get away to empty it all out , then i would explode . it didn't happen very often but it ... i've never seen the point in nostalgia . why waste time on things that can't be changed and / or can't be recreated . that said , i believe that it is important to understand how the past and history ... 476138 every time i've been to the movies in the last couple of months i've gotten totally bored about halfway through the movie because it's been obvious how it's going to end and there's no more point to ... biking , hiking , snowshoeing . i like things that get me outside away from others . i also used to swim but haven't had a place to do that recently . gender ? female age ? 32 screen name ? aiba 99 birthday ? july school / grade ? working towards an ma in linguistics job ? residential staff in a youth programme parents still ... for me , the more upset i get the more likely i am to become coldly rational and start using the obscure depths of my vocabulary . at some point i realized it's an attempt to intellectually humiliate ... i was working alone for three consecutive days with no breaks . found a kid in a compromising situation that involved law enforcement and kick started the immediate demission process . spent the next ... i knew an intj who was a high school drop out trucker . he wasn't dumb , just couldn't stand the inanities of his school . he followed his own interests from then on . uneducated ? depends if you ... you try to ask for clarification and are accused of being acussatory . movies have become so formulaic lately . i tried go to the movies a couple of times over break and found myself totally disinterested about half the way through . the only reason i didn't go ahead and ... initials : jcs mbti type : intj ennegram : 1w9 ? sociology typing : sign : really ? quick iq [ online testing or otherwise ]: who cares gpa : finished school quite a while ago nicknames : hey you ... i've got extra hugs today . who needs one ? * disclaimer : hugs are not guaranteed against defects . accept at your own risk . things are looking pretty good at the moment . 7 more weeks till i get to go back to school and get a break from a 24hr job , got plans for trip to egypt , jordan , and israel next spring , beautiful ... i don't interact with people expecting to form relationships with them . as a result , i don't think about what they might think about me . if they don't like me , i never wanted anything from them ... i'm at the grocery store and a little boy keeps watching at me me : hi there boy : you have pretty hair * runs and hides behind grandma * grandma : he loves to flirt but then gets nervous when ... both of my parents are diabetics . my mom is type 1 / juvenile . i have no problems with her . she has been taking care of herself and actively managing it since she was a kid . my dad , on the other ... sounds like one of my parents too . that's why i don't go home very often even though it's only 5 miles away . which leads me to another thing that irks me . why do people try to define home as ... my brain is always going . i've found that being outside away from others lowers the stimuli around me enough that i can better filter what i'm thinking about and choose my focus more effectively on ... i finally had enough time time , between work , shows , and the random classes they somehow roped me into teaching that i could go for a bike ride . first it was raining this morning . it started ... i grew up in a family that valued reading and i think that that helped me to have a large vocabulary simply from exposure . i don't think that i use an ornate vocabulary around most people but no one ... whenever i throw a project together on a whim ( like , i wonder how it what would happen if i did x , y , and z ) and just do it with minimal thought , people gush it's the most wonderful thing and tell me ... i feel ya . i have no problem spending time by myself but it is kind of depressing to know that the only way people would wonder about you is if you didn't show up at work . just tonight , i was ... aww , shucks * embarrassed face * i've been a member for a while but i went through a couple year period where first i had unreliable internet and so used it sparingly to save myself from utter frustration . then i was at a point ... the ideas of death and old age don't bother me . what bothers me is the though of uselessness and inability . as many others have said , i'm fine with getting older as long as i can still use my mind ... '