' someone who knows what the definition of reciprocity is . someone who can look past my flaws . someone kind , that wants to build a life with me , and my kind of pretty . you know what sucks ? when a particular close friend tells me that i don't appreciate her as a friend and feeling like i don't feel like they're being good enough . i've shown time and time again how ... we're here , somewhere . me personally i've been living like thoreau did back in walden pond . except , not in the woods , and having internet connection . so really , not exactly like thoreau did . meh ... after i posted i had emailed the same question to two of my mates in wales and in london . the londoner texted me back saying that one of the major reasons why is that so few writers ( 1-2 usually ) ... ugh , i wanted to post a doctor who question . but since someone already beat me to it , here goes another one . i love british television ! but why oh why are their series always either 6 episodes ... 1 . in an intimate relationship i'd like to spend as much time as humanly possible with her . having said that , i'd still like for us to have our lives separate from each other to do the things we ... lol . in my earlier years i was someone people would come to vent to , ask an opinion , or just have someone to listen to . i just got it my friends would say . there really is a lot to learn ... dear infj out in virginia , you have become an important person in my life . it saddens me that we can't progress into something more than friends for now . you know the kind of man i am and in ... mine is normal , i think . often times , because i have a soft voice , i am asked to speak up . it's unpleasant because it sounds like i'm yelling inside my head . it's a sharp contrast to my normal ... a couple of things . is that effie from skins in your avatar ? and that creepy guy from buzzfeed is awesome ! what is a dumb way you've hurt yourself ? > touching the barrel of a recently fired weapon . those things are hot ! what noise annoys you ? > specifically , this guy with a harley in my neighborhood ... i can attest to this . my personal experience in dealing with depression and ptsd , i had to really have myself broken down before i could begin to work on getting through the trauma and healing . i ... a little bit of both , really . in the military , we were taught to have situational awareness . it came natural to me because i've always observed my surroundings , whether i'm aware of it or not . ... i hate that i have an over-active brain that seems to be working at light-speeds regardless of how busy i'm keeping myself . thoughts are an endless current with no ebb or flow . it's not even ... you rock the short hair very well . :) ah , no worries ! glad that you were able to get over it . were they friends or family of yours ? it's unfortunate that they would joke about you're being quiet , especially since you said they knew why you have yet to find your voice . it's great that you ... i forgot to mention jebediah and myexplodingcat in my you're welcome post . newb that i am ! i've been doing that my whole life it seems . i didn't realize it is an infj quality . :) i don't remember which exorcist it was ( possibly the first but i'm not sure nowadays ) but there is one scene from the movies that led to me fearing hallways for a very long time . they were at the ... would you like to talk about them ? thank you for that . it's amazing how simple words from a stranger can mean a lot . same boat as you . maybe struggling in different ways but struggling nonetheless . i've been away awhile but just wanted to say you're welcome . understandable . i personally don't care much for his private habits . he's a good actor who has played some interesting roles . also , he's part of this site called hitrecord which has been a good ... not sure if this belongs in this thread but i didn't know where else to post it . but here goes . how do you feel about aldon smith's 9 game suspension ? was it too harsh or not enough ? personally ... yeah , i think a lot of them are projecting their own inner demons as a way to make themselves feel better . i guess where i'm coming from , the guy friends i used to have would never question why an ... damnit mr . cafebot ! where was my awesome greeting ? i was born into a roman catholic family , but rejected it when i started getting serious about science . since then i've tip-toed the line between atheism and agnosticism but now i just consider ... it's going to get serious so i apologize in advance . to my best friend . i wish you could have came to me before you did what you did . maybe you did , and i just didn't realize it . forgive my 13 ... having spent the last couple of years weeding out unessential people in my life , i find that i only have a handful of people i can be around . i've gone most of this summer not socializing . other ... i would ask him why he did what he did and not come to me for help . 19 years later and i still miss the guy . i used to be so enamored with european women . it was the accents mostly . having spent a good amount of time in europe , i felt like i was in heaven being surrounded by all these women with wonderful ... i have so much to learn ! i'm completely lost by everything you guys are talking about :/ but that will come in time . the girl i'm currently interested in is also an infj . she's probably the only ... i've never cared for societal pressure . being a 32 year old single male , most of my high school friends are married with children or have a so . my situation has always been difficult because the ... oooh , do tell . what happened with you and jgl eh ? actually , it's from bloc party . its one of my favorite song of theirs . i don't take many pics , so these selfies were taken by request . 186354 1863 62 186370 1863 78 186386 yes , i like beanies . never am without one for some reason . it's been awhile since i wrote something substantial . this is something i wrote back in ' 12 . i ’ ll meet you in a place i ’ ve never been before where skies are faded blue and suns dance in wayward ... thank you jack ! this site is a treasure trove of information . i've also read that my type is extremely rare . it probably would explain why i always felt out of place . lol hello and welcome ! i'm kind of in the same boat as you , so hopefully you'll meet some interesting and wonderful people :) infj here ... i've never seen treasure planet but i probably would if i did watch it . quick browse on wiki tells me joseph gordon-levitt voices the main character and he's my man crush ! but yeah , ... if you're apprehensive about being an officer , you can enlist and come out of basic with an e - 4 pay grade . it's not much , but it still beats being a lowly e -1/2 . anyway , you really have to ask ... 500 days of summer and i agree with natalie portman . i have a bro-crush on zhao yun from romance of the three kingdoms . i'm still on that world cup high so i'm alternating between fifa 13 and football manager 14 . madden came out recently so i'll pick that up soon .. ish . eventually . heya siennao , thanks for replying on my little thread . :) anyway , as i'm still learning about my infj-ness , i might not answer your question fully but i'll try my best . when i'm interested ... whatever happens tomorrow , we had today one day people don't realize this , but loneliness is underrated . 500 days of summer clementine kruczynski : this is it , joel . it's going to be gone ... thanks ! well , i can be your infj friend named jeff . : wink : this is just a little short blurb about myself . i've never really felt like i belonged anywhere even though i've been involved in a lot of social activities . it wasn't until i took the mbti test ... '