' have a nice morning from prague btw . spring is coming in every part of it , but i ´ m lazy and just get up from bed :) when i do that at night , people look quite scary and take a walk on the other side of the road . in the daytime without a hood non of them are afraid , childer neither xd once in the morning , it was ... the same thing happened to me , like 50:50 . i go throught that with common sense ( we have the special term for that in my language , but en is so easy x ) ) and this is that all radical extremes are not ... i think the same thing , because if you go into a relationship so , it won't be very healthy and can end badly . but nvm , 80 % of relationships are like this . it depends on you and her what are you ... yesterday : cool : 492754 omg , mustafaaa :D nice if your dimples fail , everybody fail . it's ok :) you tried . um , trying to be serious . 489146 the caregiver 40 % the creator 65 % the destroyer 70 % the innocent 25 % the joker 85 % the lover 55 % the magician 75 % the orphan 80 % the ruler 50 % the sage 75 % 1.red 2.violet 3.black 4.green , blue etc . i see most of people around me don't wear red one , but there people like it most , how i can see :) i have one red hoodie and i catch the eye always ... the dimples are real : laughing : https://www.facebook.com/Necrophilo/videos/752849738181522/ i think , there is serious connection between fat and estrogen . and also i saw these nipples on a lot of guys who drink a lot of beer . my doctor also told me that soya is not right thing for me , in ... i have one think to it , i'm training physically almost all of my life , but something what really turns me down is lack of concentration , cannot do harder thinks , cuz it can be dangerous without ... slavic girls :) so , she is real woman right ? ah my head full of holes : unsure : i was thinking you are talking about behaviour etc . of some imaginary person . if so , sure everyone is individual . i thought that ... yeah , i know . woman varies in lot of ways . this is pretty much normal woman , which is nice for most people . probably my deviation that i'm interested extremes in both ways ) ) she looks very feminime ... i'd made u200bu200bher breasts bigger in comparison with the bottom : laughing : but anyway , it's nice . pencil and graphite , da best .. wish i can do something like this as well . like that night elfes style . yes , that surprise definetly stomp them into the ground , when you show your power they didn't expect . i know about it . i'd be f scary too , when i see harmless dude with gentle face , who i don't ... hey ! i was once on relaxing-sports massage and it end up with massaging masseuse . she didn't want to quit how she liked it . and i enjoyed it too , prob more then receiving . lol i do . : wink : alone as never ... trying to sleep . i think you can say no pleasently as well , even with smile . this is indication that you like yourself as well . i'm also sometimes considered as eccentric , but by the time i've learned telling truth ... so i guess you are good . whats wrong . didnt wanna be insulting . btw . i know a guy who is about 155 cm maybe and girls flies on him like .. socially imcompetent . can you elaborate a bit ? i think ... i think , problem is not you're an infp or whatever , but your weak thinking . you can choose , if you want to be weak or strong , but of course you must do something for it . nobody likes tearful subdued ... what about silent bob ? :D shy is also well known player in lol or wc3 . what about name from another language , like lapač-dex 9atě :D or even without accents , if it's too hard to say . you can throw it to translator , if you want . it's something like rain-trapper . first ... i like it : happy : it's original . agree , would be really nice . or staying quietly next to him , both look forward waiting for something or even in vehicle . inconspicuously come closer and take his hand , if he look ur eyes , look at ... i did test maybe 4 times on 4 different pages . 3x infp 1x infj . this was because of last one , it was always very close , almost 50:50 . depends on mood probably . but i almost like 100 % , n also very ... dark-haired .. brunette is actually derived from brown , isn't it ? i don't care about that . i hope people do not give a first impression as i do . i mean people , which i want get to know . other people can think i'm arrogant , selfish , cold and whatever . depends .. overall i like so much . especially when i got some interesting information's or connections to some place i'd to visit . however , i wasn't farther than in europe , if i'm not couting ... one day i was looking for something special in library . didn't know exactly . it was one older woman in here . i think she was jewish , but i'm not sure . she gave me one book , it's called exodus ( leon ... ah , i know now how you .. ur rape of words : laughing : for that , i remembered one musical duo from croatia named 2cellos . those guys having orgasm while playing on cello . watch it : laughing : ... we have around a lot of pictures of puzzle which i pieced together . ( 1000 + in the hall especially ) then some art and decorative things , few photos and in my old room ( we have big house :D ) they are ... it would be probably overblown just from laughting : laughing : but was thinking about it once . i did a lot of athletic stuff and competitions in the past , so i was always sinewy . i can eat so much ... i do bealive that it will become your reality as well as you get older . i mean , what ineffipy posted . i also in teenage years has had so much problems socializing into any group or even think about ... you must have a branch when you can stay strongly . don't you ? everyone got it . realize that you're in some way's better than them , even if you don't see that yet . sometimes my classmates have ... so question is , why you do behave as a wimp .. you could be strong too , by you own way . yes , still waiting when any woman on a date or before will take a lead of communication . but , they think i'm not interested whenever i'm not active . vicious circle of stereotypes . hard to be always ... 1 . i'm not vegan : rolleyes : but tried 2 . i don't eat wheat , milk product's ( cow ) , potatoes and pork if i can , because of my metabolism .. 3 . need sun , or i'm dying 4 . feels depressed when writing ... eh , miriam .. huriska from fake paradise in the old garden of dajlams kings . from the time of persian empire : happy : guys , why does this thread is named porn ? i don't know , if i'm wrong in notions or this is just because of this weird forum : laughing : btw . beautiful pics . wish i'm there : frustrating : you'r priest man ? i think you would fit into the role with your look quite well : laughing : i agree with you . i was really lost in the middle of nowhere . as i get older and older i start to finding my own place in world . start to trust me and find my qualities which i can use for my benefit ... haha .. mouth looks sad , eyebrows angry and eyes tell who the f * * * you are ? :D you think that ur more that me .. typicall infp expression : smile : i don't play on anything , but like to listen instrumental music . instead of that i do like movement so much and also i'm quite far in progressions in calisthenics . nice , i forgot about that . my cats go for a walk with me as well sometimes . when i don't want to , they go by themselfs :D they are independet . '