' i think intps are less biased , yes . however , i personally think that it still depends on the person , regardless of their type , how biased they can be . naomi campbell and jj from skins i don't mind crying . there are times i cry ( it only happens when i'm alone ) because i'm thinking of something sad and how it relates to what's happening in my life . when i do cry though - and my ... i like sports but i don't like watching them , whether it's on television or in a sports arena . although i have played volleyball in pe class , i don't like team sports . definitely . especially when it comes to music . author - 100 % news reporter - 99.8 % journalist - 99.5 % automotive service technician - 99.3 % leather and shoe worker - 99.1 % correspondent - 98.9 % radio frequency specialist - 98.6 % machinist ... mine is : hands on , prefers individual work , values independence innovators are best at using mindful action in their work . they like to work with a hands-on approach prefaced by deep thought ... me , too , and i'm only 21 . i have dreams that i feel like i won't get to achieve . no , i haven't . i'm taking up information technology but i don't know if i'll last with it if i'm honest . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jwK7-u_0VWk what is my sexuality ? oh , i don't know . an acquaintance assumed i'm bisexual because of the i'm not gay . i'm not straight either . i don't like labeling myself that i said to her over a facebook ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X5kmM98iklo came across this when i was looking for one shot music videos ... and now i can't get it out of my head . russian ark ( 2002 ) - it was recommended by my classmate and notes on blindness ( 2014 sundance short film entry ) - it's posted on youtube . you can find both on youtube , the latter is on the sundance ... our professor said that he has the right to refuse us to use the research but the problem is he barely did anything on it . and by barely , he only contributed 0.01 % or a lower percentage than that ... i am so pissed at one of my groupmate right now . he is forbidding me and the two groupmates we have to use the proposed research we passed last semester because we don't want him in the group ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=970Fq3d855E https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hsZb5FHGaQ i absolutely have no idea what to do after lighting a prayer candle and what to say in a prayer . high school was okay . right now , college is a bit of a hit and miss for me . if i can already feel that i'm going to fail a subject during the prelims , i'm not going to make any effort to do better at ... nah . i'd probably just spend christmas at home , in front of my computer playing an online game even though my mom wants us to spend christmas with a friend of hers . i can barely remember how i was when i was a kid . at home , i know that i've always played with my cousins and my brother . i always watch my father do work around the house . at school , i had ... my apologies to people who got hurt of what i have said , i really do . i admit my knowledge towards gender is not big . me basing my idea of gender equates to someone's sex is what i see physically and ... gender is what dangles between your legs and what protrudes on your chest . do i spend much time thinking about gender ? no . how do i identify ? i am born female , so i identify as female . yeah , i would date an infj . i would date anyone i can have long , interesting conversations with to be honest . the blacklist - i haven't skipped a day to watch an episode yet . the following game of thrones bones the walking dead - this show frustrates me now downton abbey i've had times where i can't make eye contact with someone while talking to them . when i'm talking to someone , i only look at him / her for a couple of seconds then i'll look away again . if that kind of situation happened to me and my brother or if our parents leave us , i'd do the same thing your sister did for you for my brother . as the oldest , i know that we have a choice not to ... yeah , my brother is like that . he's not going to talk to you unless you started up a conversation with him or he has anything to say . do you have ad blocker installed on your browser ? it may be caused by an ad . ( i'm sorry if i can't help out much . ) user input assembly language the input program structure that our professor gave to us is giving me errors . it pisses me off when someone accuses you of doing something they think you didn't do , when in fact , you are the one who did it . gah ! they should be thankful that i didn't said a bunch of profanities ... i strongly dislike justin bieber and one direction . i roll my eyes whenever i see someone i know gush over either one . i finished learning the first ( out of two ) part ( s ) of the basics of german on my own and i am struggling with the subject-verb agreement . the verbs kind of frustrates me that i just end up going with ... i'm currently studying information technology in college . despite my classmates telling me i'm good with computers , i do think that i still lack knowledge about everything that is to learn about ... i am agnostic . my family's religion is christian protestant . welcome ! :D hello and welcome ! :D 21 . philippines . i have tried gin and rum on different occasions and tried smoking a couple of cigarettes before . i'm in between the ones that do well in school and those that don't . especially if the subject i'm taking up for the semester requires so much and i feel like they are not important to what i will ... i try to reserve my vocabulary for writing purposes . most of the time , when i say some thing that my conversational partner didn't understand , they give me a huh ? look , so i'm ( quite ) forced to use ... i didn't feel any of that , to be honest . i didn't give a shit if my personality goes again on what i want to become in life . the reason i took the mbti test was for fun , as what i always say for ... thanks to all those who replied . i had hoped many would reply so i could understand more about being the istj sibling or having an istj sibling from other people but eh , s'okay too . :p roud : intp rebecca ferguson ( soul ) gabrielle aplin ( singer-songwriter . i can't pinpoint her genre ) plan b ( rap ) ellie goulding ( pop ) go radio ( alternative , pop punk ) issues ( post-hardcore ) i the ... the other day i had my brother take the mbti test and he got istj . i am an intp and i've done a little google search and some people says that istjs are unbearable . my brother and i got into petty ... http://youtu.be/lXqYw_II6Pc hello , hello ! welcome and enjoy your stay at perc :D i apologize that i don't walk with too much sway of the hips even though i'm a girl . i also apologize that i walk too fast for you . a maker of my time - the paper kites in my part , i see lisbeth as that , especially on book one . it's not until book two that i understand why she's the way she is . she had people disappoint her that feeling anything aside anger isn't ... yes , i agree that mikael is neither a likable nor a relatable character . he gets , in my opinion , too obsessed on something that he doesn't care if it will land him with a bullet between his eyes . as ... '