' ... when even the simplest greetings are a game to you .  ... when the lack of fe in your environment really agitates you , or you constantly feel like those people's bubble needs to be bursted . ... with a metaphore . like the moon . or something else that isn't what it reflects but the fact that it does . ( actually , usually i just blink and ask : in what way ? ) well , this could be fun . 1 . i'm not generally impractical , i'm good at most house work and the like . 2 . it's not that hard for me to hide my emotions . 3 . i have next to no charisma , i'm ... yes . even when someone sees through me , i'm usually able to make them think they were wrong in a second . i'm bad at expressing my emotions . even when i want to , i struggle to make people see what i ... well , my mother is enfj and i'm an infj . my brother is estp , but then my dad is isfj and my other sibling is enfp so it looks like that fi-te came from nowhere . :D interesting thread . :D i'm not particularly good at sports but not hopeless ? i guess . except dancing . i've gone somewhat backwards in the past few years because i haven't had time to dance that ... mystery is an illusion . if you appear mysterious to others it just means you aren't able to connect with each other . learn to use fe + ti to explain your thoughts in a way that the other person will ... yeah , i was trying to get that accross too but apparently i was too much in a hurry . :D kind of , writing fiction is a good way but only as long as you're planning to share it with someone eventually . because that way you're writing to put your insights into use to create emotional ... for me it comes down to the simple fact i have to use the extraverted functions for getting more information in and putting what i conclude out to prevent the introverted functions from looping . i ... sure , it applies to anyone stuck in an introversion loop . it's not true that introverted funtions don't work well together , but it is true that they're not enough without using the extroverted ... well , this thread brings to mind an infp 8 friend of mine . : d almost re-typed her as isfp many times because of that aggressive energy that seemed like se ( which was actually more like a defense ... 376322 i just drew something and i was happy about it because it's been so long since i drew anything just for fun , so i figured why not share here . :) it's my interpretation of enna ( from a ... 9-5- 2 i came here and realized how unable i am to label anyone as weak . that is probably my weakness . heh . i guess weakness in general is being unable to snap out of defensive behaviour that ... also , enfjs are more likely to become hysterical and all over the place when stressed out / threatend and infjs are more likely to become neurotic and withdrawn . also enfjs are more likely to go into ... well , this question is hard to answer in general because enneagram and other individual differences play a great role as well . but it can't hurt to compare experiences . :D my vibe to a great ... well , ( i don't know if it's just because only people who do relate to this decided to reply ) , but i thought i'd just give a different ecperience too since i don't relate to this that much . i don't ... infjs are no more psychic than other types , it's just that we lead with introverted intuition which is mostly an unconscious process of ignoring irrelevant data untill you have only the information ... i can't stop typing people either . :D it has helped me navigate social situations and predict people even better than before . it's like ... a language to all things i was never able to put into words ... well , the way i am sure is that it is a loop between internal logic and internal data / patterns / ideas . :D when i'm in an ni-ti loop , i see an all-engulfing pattern that defines the whole situation ... i've never written a random thought here before but i just felt like sharing , because i'm loosing my mind with my school work and i feel like this could be true of some other infjs too . :'D so , to ... i agree with tyranamiros , your infj traits are actually infp traits and the fact that you're focusing on the traits and how you match each set of them , rather than the relationship within the ... well my first mode is to make the other person feel they're welcome to show me anything they want about themselves , that it's safe to discuss anything with me , and just in general make them feel at ... can't recall ... i always withdrew from fighting when i was small too . when i couldn't prevent a fight with my brothers i just tried to keep them from hurting me so i wouldn't have to hurt them . i was ... are you better with understanding concepts or with memorization ? definitely concepts . memorization only works if it's something i'm naturally interested in and can easily fit it into a concept ... oh , there are so , so many ! i'll just post whatever comes to my mind first . small things that have a special kind of feeling and can save even the most crappy day . :D - cold bed sheets . - waking ... i feel stupid , but i think i'm missing the joke . :D not really , no . someone talked about personal bubble being invaded i think , but for me it's more like i generally feel my bubble is pretty much unpopable . :D you can try , but it'll just go along with ... sure it can occur to varying degrees of intentionality , once the infj becomes aware that they're doing it , since it is the default mode for infjs . when we're not aware of it , it can become draining ... i've kept a journal since elementary school too , though i never wrote everyday , more like once a week or two and then i would pour like twenty pages of random thought into it . in the past few years ... 1 . what are your top 3 career choices and what are the underlying values or motivators that have led to these path choices ? note : you don't have to say something specific like mechanic or ... no , i'm horrible at learning new languages . :D i've always thought infjs would generally be bad at it , because ni has to get the whole big picture of it all first , then move to the grammar structure ... find some group activity you care about :) ( just for reference , something like impro theater is probably better than , let's say a reading group . ) i see this is an old thread but i saw an intp one and was inspired . :D ( maybe i'm not super serious about all these but ... ) ... when you ran into another infj online and they live like a buddha , ... infps lead with fi , so they are super conscious of their own feelings and values . they can easily empathise with others because they can imagine how they would feel in a certain situation . their si ... agreed ! enfj makes the villain who can manipulate the protagonist to go down a really unhealthy path and then , crush their confidence with a single word . for the op , examples of things ... interesting . :D i never do that . i'm not sure i could . my mind is way too active , if i'm not physically doing anything my mind will start playing my stories like it's a video tape . i guess this is ... i'm not sure about how much these questions can do either . < : d but i don't seem to see any ni there . if these are the first things that come to your mind , i'm guessing you're an si - dom . nope . it's enough to be drained by people's sadness in real life all the time . when i'm reading books , listening to music , watching movies etc . i need happiness to recharge myself , so i can take ... in general , do you prefer texting or phone calls ? texting , if i'm contacting someone myself . if it's the other way around i have no preference . do you like to webcam / facetime with others ? yes . ... 1 . literature / finnish ( my native laguage ) 2 . art 3 . religious studies 4 . history 5 . music there's no such thing as too intuitive to be x or too in-the-moment to be y . but of course , the more developed the individuals are , the more the types begin to look like each other . if you have ... my opinions are so situational that you could definitely see me as overly flexible and like i don't even have an opinion . :D but at the same time i'm extremely stubborn . because it's my opinion ... i think it has less to do with being infj and more to do with other factors about temperament . i think enneagram and instinctual variants play a big role in it since i'm a 9 so / sp or sp / so ( not ... obviously , i don't know what has happened but here's some generalizations : - be verbal about your feelings and explain precisely why you think the way you think , and why certain feelings cause you ... i'm feeling random so why not . :D what color is your underwear right now ( please be wearing something ... ) ? > black and white what's your favorite board game ( or similar ) ? > well i just ... i'm also sensitive to people's energies and vibes but don't physically see colours around them . i do associate people with colours instinctively though ... but it's just one of my internal systems ... there's no way for tara to be ni-dom ... isfj is better but i tend to think she's esfj . i agree with kat being esfp and christian istp , but i think abigail is estj , ethan enfp and sammy infp . also , ... lucky you ! : o thank you for sharing . :) i might as well participate . i'll try to squeeze everything into a couple of sentences , since i tend to be almost too verbal here . :D things i value : people ... '