i sat on my bird unconsciously and killed it , when i was 5 . and i don't even remember it . now i have a bird and i hang out with him every day for the past 3 years . god . that sounds so ... drunk parrot i thought it could have a connection with ne . you can't focus on a task when multiple stuff run through your mind willingly and / or unwillingly . to focus you must push your mind and that ... what about a long run thing ? i assume you divide it into pieces and try to deal with it that way . would love to hear some thoughts about the connection between types ( specially entp ) and will power . have you ever thought about it before ? what would you say about your level of will ? i really like this guide . this may not be the best place to learn here , but i would love to know does that practice about si works generally and for an entp . averoblivious visual learner . ne is high enough to break that perspective you talked about , as i naturally tend to be the other way around myself . thank you , seriously . and all of you . this is ... i know why are you saying this but it's not depression . i'm just way too busy . there is little time , and lots of things to handle . so its pretty hard for me to not get fully into senior year work ... i'm not asking for structures or planning , i'm asking for an entp advice , like how do i get myself fully into this and stuff and i will be studying a lot this year , not much more than i already ... highschool . this year in my life will require me to handle a lot of things . its the senior year for me , and that means i will be pretty busy with a lot of things . as like the rest of the entp people , i hate ... i could ask the same . i have a lot of friends that i'm close with , and i had an intp bestfriend once which i could easily shake the extroversion off of them . but what i thought has changed , i do want ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y350oOiunf4 https://nyamcenterforhistory.files.wordpress.com/2013/08/tab-xvi.jpg what is there that can not be embraced ? i drew this 2 times already . can't stand not looking at it sometimes . i guess i'm ... then ' why do i feel the same way ' question appears . an extra : why do we do something when our loved ones ask us to ? the common answer is ' because you love them , that simple ' but why does it still make us do it ? this question also works for other ... can you explain inferior ti a little more ? thanks ! - funky mbti in fiction as an entp , eventhough i have no details in it , i generally know how - my - ti works but i was always sure that it had ... i wonder how / what kind of other entps ' fears are . this is more personal question than a mbti one , but if there is similarity in the core of fears in the same type ( in this case , entp is the one i ... you are so damn irrational and goddamn stupid that you can't even hear yourself when you talk and then it goes blablabla and those blas are unnecessary for any of us . please stop talking , and let ... dear istp and intp , ( and possibly estp ) please stop being so attractive to me . sincerely , entp . well , i'm not a thinker . i just embrace the ne , everything pretty much happens unconciously but i always realize that something thought this through except me . it's like i have someone in me and he's ... most of the time i'm the one whos lying so i know the inner face of this . usually for me it comes out as a defence tool in my daily life , lying spontaneously + being an entp charmes more people ... i wonder how can one suppress himself as an entp , wondering what are the keys , how will it work after that , what will be the consequence , like will he drown in more ideas if he tries to not work his ... i get the point . but let's say the intp is feeling bad and didn't ask the person for any help , or never mentioned it but person knows intp is feeling bad ( but not gonna talk about it ) and the intp ... oops , accidental double post . waiting is one not-so-comforting thing . but waiting because of others really ... bugs me . i feel like it limits me , even if its just one little joke that i'm socially not allowed doing . anyone ... actually i don't either , i just wanted to know how does it work if you try to suppress the entp in an entp . i totally relate to second paragraph . so i guess if one tried to resist , it would ... it's not like you had an idea and you think you shouldn't do it so you try to resist it or forget about the idea completely . what i want to know is how long can you resist to an idea even if it's ... i thought about the book part before and discovered that it is more effective than i think i would ever be i agree . yeah , she sees opportunities but she has to do them now . she gets thrilled by doing them whenever she feels like it and to me , it seems like she is driven by this . this is the major thing ... thank you senior thank you for finally making me realize that . not a newb , but a new comer if this is true , i doubt you are an entp . yeah , i'm already aware of that . thank you all for the replies and the help , it will really help . thanks for the responses . and after reading these and thinking about the past with that person , it fits . but what about when she actually talks ? i now realize that she isn't really expecting or ... so the title speaks for itself . i got a friend who is a female intp and i sometimes feel i'm not enough for her when she's in that down mood . and i'm never sure what to do when that happens ? ... why pretend .. couldn't put it better . i always think how would it be if i knew hannibal really , really well . we're smart because people are really dumb . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ZVwJfkM0Eg i totally relate to this . we aren't even constant enough to actually see what we are capable of . and the fact people can't keep us up makes us even brighter .. but also makes us too adaptive ... you'd be happy to know that it actually helped me for 3 minutes . nothing did that before . i know , i see them as a thing that makes entps an entp . that's actually why i dislike entjs but to get to a point where my entp can shine up , i really need to do things . i wish i could put a ' ? ' at the end of the title , atleast that way , i would know the answer . so , here i am as an entp and a 17 year old who is in his senior year . and i have my goals , which i know ... why bother make it ? if i had the mind set , i'd steal it . oh , i thought it was only the largeness of the butt . i also got proof . look at kim kardashian . but maybe the large butts are the ones who have immense elasticity , so there's that . i believe its frank . only 2 ? you poor man .