' oh , indeed it does ! ! ! i assume the chinese talk about everything with anyone . i'm a language director at an english language institute . one of the local trainers called in sick and went in to way ... well , i'm 35 and wanted to experience life a little more . the main reason , however , was to learn the true culture and language . i will be opening a charter school in the states in 2013 for ... i've lived in beijing for almost a year now . i am not fluent in chinese , but speak enough that i can get around , order food , and strike up minimal conversations . prior to moving here , i had never ... for those of us who are you tube challenged ( it's blocked where i live ) , is there a way to view these on my media player ? i have yet to meet another infj ; most of my friends are infps . any ... do any foods contain sam-e ? i use celexa and klonopin for anxiety but would like a more holistic approach . unfortunately , there are no vitamins where i live for depression . also , i've tried a ... yoga , yoga , yoga :) boxing is a great way to get your toxins out of the body . i became severely depressed after a break-up a few years back . i started boxing to get in shape and drag my butt out ... you know you're an infj when : you work longer hours than your employees because you want harmony and happiness . you're roommate points out your cleaning habits and asks what is wrong ( apparently , ... arghhh ... ( i'm being nice ) . to piggy-back what happy had posted , here are some questions to avoid in thje first interview with a principal . 1 . what are the benefits ? i have ___ ( do not share your medical problems ) . ... i spend too much time analyzing things . when i make a mistake or embarass myself , i spend at least two days stewing over the problem . my friends tell me not to worry about it , but it's impossible ... 1 . don't mislead who you are / where you are from . 2 . don't dismiss all suggestions for the date from an infj ( there are other things besides ping pong ) . it wouldn't kill you to pick at least one ... i found this and thought i'd share it on pc . no wonder people think we are a rarity ; some of the things mentioned are ridiculous ! infjs have a very characteristic dispassionate facial expression ... well , the date i went on was with a girl so i'm not sure if this changes the dynamic of the question . i don't find it appropriate , nor do i think i need to share this infomation with someone i've ... i went on a date and was asked how many people i had slept with . i thought this to be innapropriate and suggestive ; either i'm a slut or a prude . in fact , i think it's innapropriate to ask at any ... my friend is an infp and forgets things easily , but is very smart . i've noticed she usually forgets things not peaking her interests . she is a thinker , for sure ! if it's boring or not worthy of her ... i agree ... it is very easy for me to communicate when i cannot see the person's face ( until i know them well ) . for me , i prefer someone write me a personal message on fb rather than posting it on my ... perhaps copy and paste your mbti answers , using paragraphs ? i had to do this for one of my psychology courses . it's tough , but i was able to complete the task . does the assignment have pin-point ... chili pepper absolutely necessary ... heard this one yesterday ! atm machine ... always bother me .. i will start : i eat every single day . i talk to my cat ... can't trust anyone . j / k . i entrust my problems with only two people ; one passed away in 2000 ( yes , i talk to her every night ; sometimes you don't need an answer , and no i'm not ... i'm not sure why we are so rare . as goaty and sarah have said , spotting us in a crowd is difficult . for me , i tend to be the fly on the wall noticing all of my surroundings . i see things most ... i am in the same situation . i am in another country , away from my family , pets , and friends ( in no particular order .. oops on putting my cats before my friends ! ) . i've been away from home before , ... i agree with the majority . i'm a terrible liar . my face gives it away and most often , i tend to stutter . i may tell little lies , such as why i didn't answer the phone when someone i dislike calls ... - waking up with a smile because it's a new day , something wonderful may happen ! - reading a great book - chatting with friends over drinks about nothing in particluar - being invited to places by ... thank you for your response . however , i'm not looking for critique or an editor just feedback on the meat of what i have written , not the style in which it was compsed . i am an infj from america , now living in beijing for 2 years . as my friends try to set me up for dates , they ask what i am looking for . this made me reflect on my past relationships and i have come ... you know you're an infj when a man comes outside , catches a fish out of a vat ( infused with air hoses to house them ) , weighs the fish , throws it on the ground to kill it , hands it to the cook , and ... indeed ... hmm .. well , not that i'm necessarily looking , but i'm in beijing now and not too many of my type here . it sucks , though , eh ? ok .. here goes . i am an infj who : trusts few people with my well-being . i am the girl who learned martial arts and boxing for my health but is dismissed as almost an ogre . i am the girl who falls ... good thing i didn't go that route , then , eh ? :) although i did attend catholic school ; pretty sure some of them studied under him j / k . nice to meet you ! ! ! i had the same problem in the third grade . guess i went about it all wrong ? ! if only i had known the attempt of world domination may have solved my problems ? ! :) [ quote = zwanglos ; 718137 ] most of us are aware that hitler was an infj . sorry for the late reply , i am new to this site and noticed your quote on hitler . perhaps a little research on his intentions ... nicely done ! ! caught on the first post . perhaps a play on words was not wise in my post ? ;) for all who think infjs don't have anger , here you are ! for one , don't pretend to know me and try to understand me only to disregard what i say and do the opposite . don't send me your rediculous ... halla-freaking-lujah ! ! ! i couldn't have said it better ... i'm in agreeance 100 % , but must add those who lack simple grammatical skills . is it too much to ask for people to take a course or perhaps ... thank you for the insight ! ! perhaps i'm so upset because she doesn't want me in her life , at all , even though she loves me . sigh ... i find it difficult to express my feelings face-to-face , so i am using this forum . my girlfriend and i broke up almost 5 years ago ( after a 3.5 years together ) . i've moved to a new country for 2 ... thank you , all ! ! ! when i figure this site out , i will be able to check on how cool infjs truly are :) j / k . seriously , thanks for welcoming me ! greetings ! i have recently tested as an infj . the results were as if a book was written on my life . i've moved from a medium-sized city to a massive one ( beijing ) and am looking to befriend ... '