' few things , have you ever looked into what enneagram you are ? some of the things you've written sounds like a type 5 issue to me , mainly not feeling confident about the things you know and this urge ... with just what's written , i wonder if there is any hope left in your relationship ? as in , if there is any hope left , to salvage something , it might be worth it . one of the saddest things i feel ... yah , i can understand it can be confusing but i think it may be great for you to look into the instinctual variants . a quick summary , there are 3 total and everyone has them but just in differing ... again , look into geopolitics to have an understanding of this . just by your statement , you absolutely have no clue what you're talking about . do you have any idea who funded both side of the wars ... wars have been and always will be profitable . there are tons of unseen covert wars that happen underneath the public's eye without them knowing as well as ton of proxy wars being fought right in ... do you know if you're a highly sensitive person ( hsp ) or have the sx ( sexual ) instinct last in your instinct stackings ? that combo might describe how you're reacting to these situations . lol , thank you for your kind words ! :D i really had to search for something that just spoke to me in visual imagery of how ethereal i feel and live on the inside . i think i enjoy it way too much . hell , the ideals of our ni and its idealism is ( mostly ) fictional in nature . most of the dreams i have in life might not ever come true but still indulging in such a ... there's your answer . i know it's very hard to do in the situation but sometimes we must listen and importantly , follow our logic in these matters . he sounds like a great friend but sadly , not a ... lol . before i even clicked on your post , i saw it on the main forum and knew instantly it's either an infp / enfp that would be writing these kinds of things :) glad you have a great infj friend your ... that's so sweet of you , thank you so much for your kind genuine words ! ! ! :D i was actually having quite a bad day and feeling down on myself ( thinking about idealism vs the realism of the world ) , but ... thanks for your post . i'm not going to dive too deep into this but just going to share my observations of a large social circle i have about men , dating , and the biological clock ; all of this is ... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2d/Swingline-stapler.jpg/1200px-Swingline-stapler.jpg hmm ... i'm sure they can be found in any local department store : tongue : lol yea , pretty much . there's a reason why you never hear divorces happen because they got along so well and have a lot in common with one another xd yea , there's so much misinformation on that website . it runs off the theories from david kersey . he believes that we need to find balance in our relationships with people so he proposed that the ... when i was growing up , my mom told me something that i thought was very silly . she told me that you'll have very few true friends in your life ... maybe 2 at best so treasure those people when they ... goodness , that cheek pinching pic is too cute ! ! ! ^ ___ ^ v i'm glad this topic came up ^ ^ it took me awhile to realize but i agree with what everyone stated here . our intuition is clouded when we have some personal emotional investment into the matter . why ... yea , many infj ( not all ) experience this . this is one of the hallmark if you try to spot an infj ... our speech patterns . it's always filled with ums :P it's because our ni is so internal that we ... i've known some older intp's very well for an extended period of time . one from work and one is my uncle . what i can tell you is that your fe becomes much more generous and personable . i absolutely ... i've known a few entp females and my experiences with them as been great . first off , the many pairings that are so readily apparent on some mbti sites are purely false . they are working on the ... haha , that's not a bad thing ! i do the same thing from time to time too . especially in situations where there can be multiple outcomes ( a debate , a presentation where people might ask questions for ... put up a trap , with a thought provoking book or something artsy to lure in our se . spring the trap and : cool : you're set for life . oh ... cakes and donuts work well too ! xd true to a certain degree . te sees practical logic but it's ti that is the master of debates . ti allows the person to see logical flaws and nit pick at every logical inconsistency . it's why entp / intp ... haha , that's hilarious and yes , i totally agree with everything you said ^ ^ yea , it is definitely difficult . it seems many guys , not just us go through this process . i feel it's just harder ... i think infj and intp can get along wonderfully , especially as they get older . when both parties are young , the infj's underdeveloped ti and intp's fe can really make it difficult as it often becomes ... of all the girls that have liked me have always told me it was my personality that they were drawn into . so i'm sure there are women out there who are drawn to infj guys . everyone has already said ... i've only been able to lucid dream once and it was incredible . i've read up a lot on it beforehand and usually you have to train your mind / memory to know of a switch / trigger that you'll see in your ... in an ideal world , i would greatly enjoy having the girl make the first move ; assuming both party find each other attractive in some way ( like you did with his mannerism , etc ) . you can start by ... this was very evident in my experience with graduate school . i remember being much slower than my peers when introduced to a concept in a totally unrelated field ( my bachelors vs masters were 2 ... hello intp's . for the past year or so , i've been developing my ti and have been quite fond of its usage , even though it tires me out with continuous use . it's illuminating to be able to see ... just looking through our type's forum ... it never ceases to amaze me the avatar of other infj's on here . it's so amazing and wondrous , the varying of selection of avatars that we have , yet i mostly ... ahh , don't want to exacerbate your 4 but i don't know enough about the 4 to offer any substantial thoughts on it xd although riso and hudson ( enneagram institute is their website ) has a book called ... i totally understand where you're coming from but i'd like to point out a few points that might help with a paradigm shift in thinking that could help you with your functions better ^ ^ what i got ... there is so so sooo much more to you than your mbti type . most people , although i don't blame them for thinking so , think that they fit neatly into a 4 letter box and some even reject the notion ... this is incredible ! how long have you been painting for and did you have any formal training or ? ! :) i agree with ripley in the fact that it's throwing you off balance . as a person , we're balanced by all of our functions and we need to correspond to them correctly in order to feel healthy . our ... i'm with you on this ! haha xd op and everyone else : have you guys ever thought of your shadow as the visible embodiment of your enneagram ? reading through the responses , i get a lot of vibes that ... the reason for this behavior is your inferior se wanting to come out . as a person , we're all balanced by our internal and external drives / functions . when your ni is overused , or when you're engaged ... i like estp's . i don't think i would ever be romantically involved with one unless she had a super developed ni and would be able to engage in the metaphysical and cognitive exercises ni enjoys but ... correct me if i'm wrong in my thinking but i've taken a more practical approach to happiness . it sort of relates to the post but i take happiness in everyday life . in my experience , things that i've ... i'm sorry to hear that : t ya know , when it comes down to that , then the breakdown in communication inherently lies entirely with that person due to the reasons you've mentioned ( ego , games , etc ) . in ... i don't think so ... i think infj's are warm , very warm actually to those we care about . it comes down to our fe being a finite resource . we are energized by ni but are drained by any external ... thank you for your kind words :) unfortunately , there are no resources or links that i can share . all the things that i've known has been my own discovery with my ni through the years as personality ... thanks a lot for your interpretation of ti . it does make sense that you indulge in witnessing how other people use it from time to time . our inferior functions come out when we're in times of ... a few for me : intj : i want to experience ni-te . it's like seeing the other side of the ni pond :P entp : to experience being a ne-dom and a p type . intp : to experience being a ti-dom .  ... i wholeheartedly agree ! ! ! funny example that reinforced my ideals of intimacy the other day . so i went to go get my eyes checked for the 1st time for glasses ( sad i know ! ) , and my optometrist was ... hello lovely enfjs ! : kitteh : for the past few years , i've been heavily studying the function stack and how they manifest / operate in each type and it has been an amazing intellectual journey . i ... i'm a speech language pathologist and i feel it's an amazing career for an infj . basically , i give speech therapy and teach / retrain people how to communicate / talk . we can work with the entire ... i work with kids at an elementary school for my career so it always brightens my day when i see a little kid that i don't even know say hi to me . once you're in the adult role at the school , it ... '