' going through this now . i've been extremely stressed out with a million uni assignments to do ( all due in the same week , of course ) and its awful . i've retreated from doing anything social with ... we haven't talked about any of that just yet because if we do decide to move in together , it won't be until february next year when the lease runs out on the place he's at now . so we're still ... yeah i mean , thats a big part of why i want to do it . the thought of living with him makes me really happy and excited but on the other hand , the thought of moving away from my family makes me a bit ... i'm 22 years old and have never lived on my own before . i'm thinking about moving out of home in a few months time and moving into an apartment with my boyfriend . just looking for some advice so i ... i'm currently studying bachelor of fine arts and majoring in painting , i absolutely love it . i can't imagine doing anything else really . except maybe writing . art and creative writing were pretty ... i used to get in trouble alot at school for daydreaming instead of paying attention in class . i still daydream alot and it comes in handy sometimes like if im in a really boring situation like ... bachelor of fine arts , majoring in painting . i've heard thats very common though . i always read interviews and biographies about well known actors where their being described as or describing themselves as ridiculously shy when their not on ... i used to get in trouble at school when i was a kid for daydreaming too much . i guess having an imagination in school isnt allowed . poo jokes . this literally happened to me a couple of months ago . my ex broke up with me after we had been dating for 14 months . 3 months later i was seeing someone else and then he called me crying and begging ... 1 . no , i dont think so . 2 . the thing is , im not naturally a very needy or clingy kind of person but hes making me feel that way sometimes because its like hes in a world of his own and doesnt feel ... i suppose i understand that , but i just find it really frustrating when i have to keep constantly reminding him to text me more frequently . it makes me feel like im being really needy and annoying or ... we've been dating about 4 and a half months . um ... not really , hes sort of just always been like this . i know this thread is really old , but i found it interesting as an isfp who has lived with an entj for 21 years ( my brother is an entj ) . i've found alot of the points brought up about entj's to be ... thanks for the istj perspective :) we did have a big talk about it ( which would be the second time in the past month ) and being an isfp , i did get a bit emotional about it but we both talked it out ... so heres a question for you istj's : im currently dating an istj and i find myself constantly having to remind him to text me as he very rarely does . is this a typical istj thing ? people generally piss me off . i dont know what ya'll are on about , people love me . i feel extremely uncomfortable with compliments . i tend to believe that whoever complimented me doesnt really mean it or that i dont really deserve it . i think its because i rarely compliment people ... i'm just not a huggy touchy person except with my boyfriend . i pretty much never even hug my own friends and i'd be extremely weirded out if someone i barely knew came up and hugged me . when i'm ... unless you're my boyfriend , get the fuck away from me . my mums awesome , shes pretty much my best friend . i cant even remember the last time we had an argument . still havent quite figured out what my mum is yet but as for the rest of the family : dad - entj brother - entj grandma - esfj auntie - isfp ( thats why we get along so well ) oh cool , a fellow aussie isfp ! : laughing : i do this too . i sleep with atleast 4 pillows surrounding me every night . sometimes i sleep on my tummy , it tends to make me more sleepy but alot of the time i sleep on the side with one hand under ... i love zooey . shes absolutely gorgeous . the only thing i love more than zooey is her wardrobe . and yes , i'm a sucker for celebrity culture . as much as i hate to admit it . i can definately relate to that . i'm terrible at cheering people up , and its frustrating especially when its a close friend or family member because i just feel helpless not being able to cheer them ... i find myself doing that alot too . its the weirdest thing , alot of the time it takes me a while to even realise i'm doing it . its not just with people i hang out with either , even from certain tv ... one of my favourite quotes of all time : trying is the first step towards failure - homer simpson i know exactly how you feel . i never talk to people in my class , because i feel like i just dont have anything in common with them , and i get annoyed by people very easily . i get jealous sometimes ... with anger i tend to throw things , not at anyone , just like at a wall or something . not sure if its considered ' healthy ' but it sure does make me feel better : tongue : but if i'm upset about ... sometimes i hang out in the city by myself . my friends dont understand it , but i enjoy the quiet time to myself where i can go shopping or wonder around a bookstore for a while and i can go at my own ... i think johnny depp should be added to the list . i was watching a documentary about him last night and he definately seems like he'd be an isfp . haha yeah , pretty lush is one of my favourite songs . i only got into them quite recently since i saw them live at a festival about a month ago . cant believe it took me this long to realise how ... glassjaw , bouncing souls , new found glory , bayside , the get up kids , nofx , saves the day , gallows etc . i can definately relate to that , i think it describes me perfectly . it doesnt stem from emotionally abusive parents though , i get on very well with both my parents and i had a great childhood but i ... typical entj . you sound just like my brother when we have an argument , and i'm usually the one who ends up embarrassed and cranky when its over . as for conflicts , i take things very personally ... my brother is an entj and theres nothing he loves more than a good argument , which if its against me , he always wins . but because i'm an isfp and i dont like conflict and i'm not very good at ... i also cry when i'm angry . its so frustrating , especially when you're trying to yell at someone but you just end up sounding like an idiot because they cant even understand what you're saying through ... everything i've heard about isfp's is pretty much 100 % accurate in my case . all the time . the only people i cant fool however are members of my family that i'm close to . i remember in high school whenever it was exam time , my friend always said to me ' you're so easygoing ... '