' desintegrated : nihilistic , secretive and suspicious , manipulative bastard . integrated : charming , outgoing and confident , manipulative bastard . :D i've seen shiroe typed as infj . it uses both ni and ti , and some of his action are very fe ( like why he found the round table or why he saved both the twins and teached them ) . sx / so as long as i know , any mbti can be any enneatype ( including tritype ) . i'm a 7w8 - 8w7 - 3w2 sx / so and intj , and like you i'm outgoing but still need to retreat at some point . and i'm pretty sure there's ... my ideologies kinda changed after reading no game no life by yuu kamiya , so i'll give you that . it's a light novel , and people may or may not like it . another good one was the full fact books of ... most : 783 master race . least : 126 and 269 . people should be able to get things themselves without asking for mine , shouldn't they ? unless someone else gets ahead which is also they're fault i'm 7w8 sx / so . i don't usually remember my dreams , but when i do , they rock ! now , usual themes are landscapes , people , nature and open air . my bad memory can remember 4 dreams . i'l now try ... there have been times when i tought i should kill myself but i wasn't that serious to do so . for me , the main reason for why killing myself is not an option is the following : defeat . seems simple , ... seems interesting ~ intj 783 sx / so gimme five ! ^ 5 :D it may be a type 7 thing , since actually crafting one is ... a struggle . ( lol ) same here , i wanted something very elegant and poignant , like that refined ones you see in tv ... quang hello there ! i'd like to see what can you tell me from my writing . i know you're busy , i'll wait my turn . thank you ~ ♪ 400378 edit : forget to mention . 1 ) i don't have a signature , i just ... same . the next button is bugged sleight of hand and cheating cards . also electronic pop . yes , of all things in the internet i'd be pleased to get offended by what you , one person in 7 billions said on a whim about people in general ( your opinion ) . sure i'll do that , tho it'd be smarter ... don't tell me what i'm here for . do you even philosophy ? 393530 reporting in , you inglorius bastard what is your mbti type ? intj what is your exact tritype with instinctual variants and wings ? 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w * sx / so * idk , maybe 4 how assertive would you ... 7w8 8w7 3w4 as by now , the characters i feel most identified about are durarara's izaya and ngnl's sora . they both have that cunning nature and the loneliness they repress ( sora not so much , but ... where's glad 0s ? darkness is rather ambiguous . you have the type of darkness that lurks inside everyone and the one that i , as a 7 , instictively run away from . of course , since i don't confront it , i don't know ... estj comes to mind . tmlt to make hatch a complicated plan to blackmail he's teacher , because of too lazy to do homework ? what about old english text mt or wedding text bt ? seems rather classy intj 7w8 here . at first i was at doubt about 5s , 8s and whatnot . but i've narrowed my type to 7w8 . i'd say , if anything , i resemble entp's behavior , or ne-doms for the detail . always seeking ... well , hello there ! i'm quite late , but as a male intj , probably would have something to say . and this seems funny too ! so , welcome to perc . to apologize for my lateness , i'll smile for like , 2.1 ... seems xnfp from what i remember 376817 ones that come in mind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ERw2LuU6Jj8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-5fAz4rmOQ4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GmBq7xN1Gqk ... extj . tmlt go live in the artic because of the views ? oh , you . seems like a very si thing to do . maybe isfj ? hey , what's the problem ? : frustrating : it would give you the upper hand right away ! tmlt found a way to create any kind of matter , and use for ... infp tmlt use atomic theory to build an atomic bomb in a fantasy world ? some xxtj who appreciate being cold-hearted tmlt survive within las vegas by only using a deck of cards ? anyone with good taste ? i don't believe music taste is related to mbti . still , maybe isfj or istj could do . tmlt be the most cold-hearted ? intp , or lazy intj tmlt cheat in , say , dice ? and to get cheated ? istj or estj seems likely . maybe a douchebag estp ? tmlt give guns to monkeys in the zoo ? to answer the questions in order : 1_ no . it's not like i would force someone to , so if that person does it , is because she is willing to . as for the husband , it is his fault for not noticing ? like ... intj-a introverted : 20 % , intuitive : 60 % , thinking : 68 % , judging : 21 % , assertive : 99 % . role : analyst strategy : confident individualism estp ? the typical eye for an eye guy tmlt black-mail his boss and get to be the power behind the throne ? father : infp who likes to talk . mother : prob istp , but lazy intj could do the trick too me : intj little sister : seems enfp to me hey , what about spice & wolf ? anyone have any clues ? my guesses are lawrence inxx and holo enfj , but it's been a while since last watched it enfj ? any xxfx would do , plus xxxj would probably too if the busker is great tmlt convice someone of killing themselves ? infx i guess ? infp more prob . muh natural fi tml to remain invict in civilization v's hardest difficulty ? enfp . tml to fake his death ? seem entp to me . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5wpfE_RmBAI you mean coming up with names , or remembering them ? remebering = istj coming up = n-doms . mostly entp tmlt make someone bully his love interest so he can rescue her ? so : 24/50 sp : 28/50 sx : 28/50 seems like a draw . tho i'm pretty sure i'm sx / ? ( sx / sp according to this ) you've been waiting for what ? : o why you hate it tho ? it's pretty good in my opinion ( if we leave aside logical consistency ) anyways , the thing is that it can be taked upon various perpectives . so let's try to break it down : ... you're right here on him being the motivator , if it wasn't for him simon would still be in his tribe digging holes . but he doesn't inspire others by motivational speeches but rather by his tenacious ... kamina as two blatantly incorrect personality types . the first one is esfp , which makes some degree of sense and kamina can confuse even the most astute pattern seekers of personalities . the ... metaphysicist you're right , enfp suits him well . even if he was an entp , he wouldn't be representative as there is doubt in the matter of his type . now that you mention enfp , i usually take ... kaizuka your reasoning behind why he's introverted reminded me , and i don't have a clue on why , for the entjs . it is not that they're introverted per se , they just don't have time nor care enough ... '