' abstract tan , yellow , lavender ... seems accurate , but the whole religious aspect of the theory is not something i believe ... but yeah . xd hmm ... - people who try too hard to be cool and lack the ability to be themselves ) - racist jokes - hipsters - overcooked steak - condescending people / actions ( dang it , eloise already said that ) ... uh ... considering i am in high school , this won't really help , but same . in track practice , everyone thinks i'm dutiful and quiet ( which i can be ) but , for example , at lunch , my friends and i were ... let's mass mention people to get more responses ! liquidlight zeptometer ace face agent blackout chickydoda the king of dreams owfin grey muchaparadox swordsman of mana snail lost in oblivion @ any ... thanks for the input madam ! to you noobs who didn't answer ( 1 out of 22 viewer answered ? ! ) you guys are poop ! also , well , doesn't everyone these days ? ;) lolol kidding ! 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... the title reminds me of our biochemistry unit in biology . :P yes , that was necessary . my epically awesome songs playlist . :D basically , it's just random electronic and rap songs that i like . :P ermagerd ! a new human on the forum ! well , hi , and have fun :) fail . i forgot i posted this , but yes ! i love when i get no replies ; i feel so relevant - . - you have to admit , you've all seen this movie . :P thoughts type-wise ? my clothes look older than my age , but i look younger than my age so technically they cancel out . :P well , i'm still a little underclassman ; for the sake of privacy i won't say exactly what grade ... but i haven't been applying to anything yet . but thanks for the reply :) this is yet another rant . you may be thinking hey , other people have problems worse than that , you little teenager noob child ! ! ! or whatever . but ... basically , i have a lot of stuff on my hands ... i'm really shy . it depends on the familiarity of the situation . and i'm not talking about larry the cable guy . i meant the old-ish movie that i love . you know . the one with jim carrey and that guy who plays ferris bueler in that other movie ... thougts ? whatever she is ... she annoys me , for some reason . - . - when she was on that episode of american idol , she seemed so tactless and full of herself ... maybe that's just me ... idk . well , she's not exactly intense , sooo ... modelandactress haha , i remember that time we were texting and you were talking about buyin makeup ; that's how i knew , lol :) lol , i love makeup xd so does my enfp buddy modelandactress yeah , during the day i usually just wear really thick , winged out eyeliner on the top and bottom , and ... well , i usually have a light ... 45649 solfonny i just had to ... for the first time , istp has been suggested to me as my type . i definitely did not consider that ... at all ... but hey , options are options . i'm just not sure where that came from . dear bitchy girl from my school ... i didn't know you were actually kind of sensitive . but i meant to be mean to you . you're just an ignorant person , and i needed to set you straight with my little ... yes . my dad just told me this an hour ago .. he was like you have the weirdest preconceived notions about people and situations , and you take into account how you might act so you do act that way ... my thread has been resurrected ! * baaahhh sowhenyaaahhh mamabeee-seewowowooo ! ! the circle of life ! * so true ! at the moment of the situation , i act like i don't care and nonchalantly ignore it ( unless it's something terrible ) but little do i know , my brain still secretly hides the pissed-off-ness ... usually when i'm in a conversation or anything that's boring . or when i'm just sitting down / alone . i'm not kidding you about the first one even though it's a habit . i usually never notice and it ... all i know is my aunt has craploads of them , and it's kinda tacky :P otherwise , i'm neutral . as in i could live without knowing about tattoos , but i don't hate them . why are enfp's called the champions ? is it because we have determination to be our best and win ? or does it mean we're good at leadership ? does it mean we're the champions of a cause ? as in ... i missed you ! :) welcome back to enfp land ! i wouldn't say i'm in legit love , i just have crushes :P considering my age ... it kinda makes sense it depends on your definition of hipster . also , i can't stand most people who are self proclaimed hipsters . so is my brainnn tho . xd that i'm way more introverted than i'd thought ... that stupid da da da da da da da da circus , da da da da da da da da afro , circus , afro , circus , afro , polka dot , polka dot , polka dot , afro ! thingy has been stuck in my head for weeks . - . - physical pain ... i just try to ignore it and think of other stuff . psychological pain , it depends on what it is to determine how i deal . tbh , kind of like a more fun , fearless version of me . one of my friends from track is a esfp and we have a lot in common . but we both filled out this questionnaire thing on facebook and our answers ... that empathy is powerful and learning to use it more is rewarding . also , some of the most rewarding things are the ones that suck at first but are awesome in the end . confession - having a crush or a friendship on the brink of a relationship makes me feel weak . estp , estj , and some other girl who i'm at a loss as to what her type is . i catch myself using fi + te all the time . i've always had a lot of fi , especially with being really sensitive and shy as a kid , but developing te has made me into the much stronger person i am now by ... actually , yes . i'm terrible at first impressions outside of the interwebz . it's my weakest point . i always come off that way . i just met someone yesterday at my best friend's lacrosse tournament , and ... that even though i sometimes theorize basically everything , some things do have to be experienced before hypothesizing . sometimes i feel like i am nothing if not weird and quirky . :P subtypes : i have no idea at all ... moods ? i'll edit this post to explain when i'm actually awake today i didn't even do anything except listen to depressing music and photoshop pictures the whole day . i got some socializing in , but overall it was a derpy day . now , i'm in one of those moody moods ... sj - estj . i dig them , lol . they're reliable , interesting and fun . i'd like to see the world through estj eyes . sp - istp . i could be badass ! xd maybe for a day . they're so mysterious . i'd like to ... so yeah ... i don't think i've ever mentioned this , but i love minecraft . i mean , i don't know that much , but i definitely know what i'm doing . my oldest cousin has a server , except she doesn't go on ... hm . well let's just say i am no longer as insecure as i used to be . perc helped me realize that there is such thing as people with good hearts and people that appreciated me . a ton of people already ... yay ! the girl who never talks about feelings outside of the interwebz has a new love interest ! i've met him from these stupid get togethers my parents ' friends have at their house about thirty ... '