' i know that mood affects a large part of how someone answers a questionnaire , that's why i didn't answer a new one because i keen i was in a bad mood . that questionnaire i answered was from when i ... there's this really snooty and pretentious person in my life right now who obviously knows next to nothing about mbti . he is constantly teasing me about my test results and saying you couldn't ... ravenclaw istp welcome , fellow female intj a letter to you : it's a pity you don't know me ; but no , we are not strangers . we are long-lost soul mates , we are the friends who whisper secrets to each other in the dead of night . i am the calm ... hufflepuff abraxas 5-3- 9 abx 9-5- 3 action potential 1w9 , 4w5 , 6w5 ( sp / so ) amaterasu 5w6 - 3w4 - 1w2 antiant 5-9- 3 athena avril 7w6 - 1w2 - 3w2 axe 5w6 - 1w9 - 4w5 beardedagam 5-1- 3 bethdeth 9w8 - 5w6 - 3w4 ... intj : killed by revolts after plan of world domination is successful and people realize the intj is completely clueless at learning how to run the world goddamn all you people , i have work to do ! ! ! xd 163234 yep ... : laughing : having to put up social masks is very tiring - believe me . i had a brief discussion with my new friends about mbti and they all thought i was some kind of sensor-feeler type because i was cheerful ... actually i don't really doubt my type , but a little certainty always helps . thanks ! hmm , this looks interesting . i could certainly use another opinion when it comes to judging my personality type . well , here i go : 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the ... i think the term for on the fence is grey-sexual ? i suppose its an umbrella term for people who don't consider themselves as fully asexual or allosexual . while i was reading the romantic relationships page in the intj section of 16personalities.com , a question struck me . i've read that intjs were typically fiercely independent , and are absolutely ... esfps are so so hyper to me ... people with this type either are very fun to be around or someone you can't stand . just to prove a point , both my closest friend and my godawful roommate are esfps . agnostic atheist , intj i have an istj who i'm pretty good friends with . though , he gets annoyed with me when he says i'm not being ' focused ' enough :p roud : probably because he thinks i spend too much of my time in my ... yay for extremely subtle jokes ( actually you can just google it ) ! hello fellow intj . welcome to the pack : cool : . we have cookies , if you know what i mean : wink : . i get intj most of the time , but i get intp sometimes . one time i got istj . i've got a triple personality : laughing : have anything to say to us intjs ? tell us here ! i'll start : thanks to all my fellow intjs for sharing your colorful opinions and inspiring views ! here's to more debates and discussions ! : happy : dear enfp mom , please have mercy on this poor little intj . remember that not all people think like you . sincerely , your daughter hmmm are people who answer that even intjs ? well what floats their boat ... hey everyone , i just want to run a poll to see what the type with the most numerous members here in personality cafe for scientific purposes ( actually no , i'm just really nosey : tongue :) any good ... hey everyone , i just want to find out what the type with the most numerous members here in personality cafe for scientific purposes ( actually no , i'm just really nosey : tongue :) ! any good guesses ... welcome to the forum :) i agree with the statement that religion relies more on emotion . i believe the reason why not a lot of people are atheists is because many people are reluctant to let go of their childhood religion , ... i'm skeptical and inquisitive , two traits that didn't mix well with my old christian faith . for a while i thought about it , weighed evidences and compared the two sides . after looking through ... i'm melancholic . obviously you all are wrong . everyone knows that an intj's most common romantic match is with him / herself . we don't rely on anyooone ! ! ! : cool : just kidding lol . but in my opinion it really depends ... intj and intp . - are you sure about that ? the intj's dreaded favorite words . - someone smiles at you , then you smile back . the next time you see the person he asks if you're snubbing them . then you realize you ... i also had some difficulties typing myself . i guess online personality tests will never be fully accurate . intp because it's mysterious . intj agnostic atheist here . but you wouldn't be able to start that revolt in the first place , intp . since i have an intp friend , i can understand sometimes their behavioral pattern . intps are really ( really ) hard to get to know better . they may seem a bit aloof , but like us , they become kinder once ... sorry for the late reply , but anyway thanks for the test ! it says that my type is unclear but i have a preference for introverted intuition and extroverted thinking . but my sensing and feeling are ... love tests , but i don't like the objective part like remembering dates . i like a challenge ; analysis questions that force you to answer in essay form is more my speed . sometimes i prefer listening to soothing mozart pieces rather than listening to the popular but meaningless trash that comes up on the internet nowadays . i find all of you to be extremely humorous . now , to find other specimen to observe . squishy superhugs ? bring it ! : cool : so flattered lol ! : laughing : but anyway , perfect way to put it : happy : q1 : i can't go a day without sarcasm . it's a powerful tool in my everyday life . : happy : q2 : what's dishonesty ? q3 : sometimes , but i've stopped doing it because it drives people crazy when i do ... enfp mom + esfj dad = intj daughter ( ? ? ? ) how is that possible ? i know that type isn't inherited of course , but if a parent raised you , wouldn't it be natural for their traits to rub off you ? lols at this thread :D all the enfps i know would randomly check in with someone when they're bored as an intj with a family that mostly consists of nf and sf types , i feel your pain of being accused of assholery every once in a while . my advice ? try to hold back your instinct of blurting out ... agree . and i mean this with no sarcasm at all . '