' omg this is sooo true ! ! ! hahahaha . but then again ... the cute guys that'll keep me on my toes are on the other class ... the ones in my class are not cute enough to do so . yikes ! i have ... i have this habit to sleep if the following feelings occur : 1 . boredom 2 . bad mood ( which is often caused by number 1 ) which gives me the title as someone who sleeps in every class because god ... i rarely remember my dreams , but i have this ability to fly in most of them :D i notice entps and entjs very easily and i find them lovable :) enfp female most : intj , intp , entp least : isfj , estj , esfj can someone please breakdown why carly is an esfj ? thanks before , tho ;) 1 . i can't be rushed , and i like to procrastinate . i can simply imagine if i'm running out of time , i'll have this kind of thinking in my mind , f * * * this shit f * * * them all f * * * f * * * f * * * but you ... 1 . what do you appreciate most about intj's ? they seemed like they do nothing but they get everything done eventually . they have like this ' obsession ' on thinking deep idk , like sometimes when i ... jfyi , i started watching running man continuously because i pity lee kwang soo and so most of the episodes i watched was only when he wins . yes , i don't watch all of the episodes , and that's why i ... it's okay , i often feel the same , and i don't know how to handle it too , though . but hey , don't they do that not to make us ( the person they're talking to ) feel bad , but it's more like blurring out ... being called weird is no longer weird to me no more hahaha ! err anw .. no , it doesn't upset me . why should i be upset ? hahaha but i might be disappointed of myself if people are getting really ... my big bro is an entj . very manipulative . lied to me easily ( on small things tho . when i was 3 , he said that if i don't take off my hansaplast in 1x24hrs , it'll integrate with my skin . i trusted him ... i'm sorry , i wouldn't be as insightful as you would've expected , but i'll try to help . here we go ! 1 . we should've got along with each other , that's what all the websites said . but so far , istjs i ... wow , so i was the first to vote on i have a lot of very close friends ? hahahaha ! i believe that it's because of my country's education system . the classes are fixated , so we have the exact same ... try to notice something more interesting in the surrounding environment and hopefully can distract the conversation . and then we'll hopefully shift topic yay ! * jumps and claps excitedly * yes . my environment is filled mostly with enfjs ( for females ) and they really give an effort to avoid this isfp at most times . to be honest , isfp in my society is sometimes annoying but can't be ... walk around the house , singing , and remembering past conversations and figuring out better sentences to actually improve the conversation ( a . k . a . my debate tournament arguments ) , or just watch ... you are definitely not alone ! my parents ( intp & enfj ) and my entj brother really wants to kill me because i'm too aimless when it comes to applying to colleges and studying hard for the tests and ... i personally find it tiring to spend most of my time with esfps because of some pretty significant difference of point of views . my first guess , she might be currently observing this esfp in which ... it's ok ... me too ! but .. so far , well ... not as ' hard ' as you , if i may say . no offense though .. imo , i see this situation where there are too many routine stuffs so you just do it while you ... i try not to have my alone time at parties because i always think of the fun interactions i'd miss , so i'd just stach it up for later . maybe that finally explains why i got really tired and dizzy ... my close friends are pretty much : enfj esfj ( pretty rough at first .. but i just realized that i've been with them since my elementary school ) intj enfp & entp are really nice at first , they can ... there are many disney movies that touched me , especially those with family relationship subjects , ( i shed a tear in brother bear 2 . i mean , i don't think anyone would do the same ) but brave is ... one of my close friend is isfp and she doesn't socialize much , so she sticks with me lots of time . we had arguments and whatsoever but it still works :D they need to be reminded when they should mind their own business ! no . well , i used too , but there's just too much things that easily provoked that soft spot in my heart , so i eventually learned to steel it up . i still cry though , regarding that there are still ... wooot australia ! i'm just across the ocean , mate ! you've got a friend in me , too : wink : maybe naturally , yes . see , my intj friend and i done a little research , that there can only be one enfp in each of their inner circle ( 3-4 ppl ) . there are not many entp in my society so yeah haven't ... yes , preferred to be left alone is not something weird or such even tho you're an enfp :) mentally tiring indeed ! in my case , if you're currently in a social circle where you have to socialize , ... meat lovers all the way ! but no , i don't wear genuine animal fur or preserve them or something alike . i only eat them , but only cows and chickens too because i know that they aren't facing ... meee ! minutes left til i finish downloading xd * south east asian's problems - no bbc uk or such * tell him that it's better not to show this to anyone because this is actually material for teenagers 15 + ( sort of ) and you'll study this in school in xth grade ( depends on your country's ... does anybody here listen to asa ( that french-nigerian singer ) or janelle monae ? been very hard to look for some fans .. esp south east asian like me t_t in addition , from the people in my school , i observed that there could only be one enfp in an inner circle . idk about other types though , but esfps seem to stay together well . furthermore , i ... well yeah .. at first i thought she's an ultimate enfp somewhat because i've seen her interviews and her happiness just spreads around and i was really glad and so on . based on your reason , doesn't ... because if we don't do it immediately , we'll get distracted and kinda forgot for a while what we're about to do lol . well cmiiw cos that usually happens to me t_t i can't help but bully ( not in a serious way , i cornered them in a fun way and i make a silly joke of myself too so they won't get mad at me ) all of my infj friends and they practically do nothing ... is karen gillan from doctor who enfp ? or more of esfp ? does anyone know ? xntps and xntjs ! big no for ss and fjs though . most disney movies for sure ! :D both of my asperger friends are intj . since you've had yourself tested twice , what made you doubt it ? :) i am an enfp and i'm interested in new things easily ... and ads got me . _ . no , i'm pretty sure i typed them correctly . jfyi , the ' bonding ' i meant was about this intense personal bonding , just like best friends etc . i bond with them easily but then there'll be this ... ouch sorry i haven't , i'm rather new .. i'd appreciate ur guidance to do so :D as an enfp , i'm pretty confused why i find it hard to develop personal bonding with another enfp / entp and most s types . my best friends throughout my life have always been enfj , and occasionally ... intp and entp seems so sweet and lovable .. yet i don't know why i find it hard to bond with them . is it just me or is it typical for other enfps as well ? :/ cmiiw , but as far as i'm concerned , enfp won't throw bad jokes / pranks to other when they knew that the aftermaths could be rly bad ( or they would be hated by other people . enfp really want to be ... '