' i think kind behaviour can come from inner strength or weakness , and that there's a difference between being genuinely kind and being an overly accommodating doormat . when i am kind it's usually ... too many sticky threads for my taste ... < / disagreeable grumbling > i think i have feelings . ew . should i stomp them ? it wouldn't be pleasant , but i can't let them run around like this ! what if they bite ? i could get rabies and die ! so she went behind my back and complained to the landlord about me . when that didn't work , she went behind the landlord's back and complained to the tenancy tribunal about him . that didn't work ... isfj is the big one for me . i know a few of them and we actually get along really well ... until we start getting too close . a specific isfj and i have ongoing problems because neither of us has the ... i received my first summons yesterday . my flatmate's reaction was ' ha ha you have to do jury duty lol ' my mum once told me that my granddad was really unlucky because he apparently got summoned so ... your words struck me that way . whether you're actually like that , i don't know . any proof that liking efficiency reduces the value you place on human life in the pipeline ? never . i read some school reports my mum saved from when i was six years old . they describe a 6 - year-old intp haha . however , i have been known to behave more like a different type ( entp or entj ... i used to live with an entj who could be quite critical . not actually arrogant , but easily misinterpreted as such . as in , i'm going to explain this to you step-by-step . that way , you won't keep ... that is much more familiar . still can't say i'm sold on intp as his type . the whole goal-setting , high ambition thing seems a bit out of character for an intp . an intp on a mission to implement some ... agreed . that seems like some kind of wizardry to me . intps like to dissect and check and build things . i could see ideas coming out of nowhere , but then they would be taken apart and recombined ... i do that . i also do it when i'm reading music ... can't really use ' but i preserved the meaning ' as an excuse there haha . hmm ... well , shostakovich 11 is conveniently an hour long . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zO2gqtw3rbw yeah , i majored in music and there were a few intps and intjs around . there were people of all types , actually . i don't think type affects your inclination towards art , but it might affect how the ... i agreed to give a dude my number because he said he needed musicians for his studio . several irritating text messages later , i'm certain he never had any intention of employing me and is only ... video : how to do a flat on the viola | ehow - something about this lady's demeanour scares the crap out of me . it's almost as if she's being extremely sarcastic or biting back barely suppressed ... i don't know about being an assassin , but can tell you from experience that competition is fierce in the slacker field . long hours , too . this is weird . attraction is not something i experience very often . nobody has distracted me like this in ... well ... ever ? and the stupid thing is that i don't actually know anything about him , not ... without a degree i have nothing in the eyes of an employer . to pursue my ultimate dream and that is to work in the game industry . games ? i wanna make games is what most of my classmates ... i feel lucky that so many of my friends are classical musicians . of course it doesn't mean we all have the same taste , haha . people are looking for different experiences from music . some people only ... but what does it mean to you ? i hate this question above all others . we did pretty much the same test over here : http://personalitycafe.com/personality-test-resources/11281-reading-peoples-facial-expressions.html i was surprised to score 36 . i tried to ignore my ... people just want to stay in their safe little bubble and not have you come along and burst it . #322 & #323 “ my friend group has a case of the creepy dude . how do we clear that up ? ” | ... rpg whinge : it's annoying when npcs keep referring to how attractive your character is when you're trying to roleplay a character who's ugly :P if ( intp.shouldstudy ( ) ) { perc.browse ( ); } i know what you're talking about . luckily , i don't mind walking in front of lines . as for why it happens , here's my guess : people who are talking to each other naturally stick together . some people ... compliments are a band-aid solution for insecurities . they don't really get at the root of the problem . unfortunately i'm not socially awesome enough to tell you what to say , but maybe you can try to ... i have successfully subscribed . thanks for the videos , looking forward to seeing more (: i normally just tell people that i majored in violin , but it was properly titled classical performance . love performing in an orchestra . hate performing solo . tangent : classical performance screws ... all of them haha . i got to play symphony no . 6 a couple of months ago , and no . 5 is coming up in august ( excite ! ) if i wasn't a violinist , i'd want to play the french horn . ... not today . i have exams in two weeks , so i quit coffee just this past monday and replaced it with hot chocolate . they say it's addictive but i don't really feel any different , except that i ... even the language is unprofessional . i'm surprised anyone actually gives money to this website . there is almost nothing the infp will do in order to avoid conflict . eh ? i have one eyeliner pencil and some lip glosses but they are all very old and almost unused . sometimes i feel like looking pretty is a game that other people play but i don't really understand . on ... how to be an idiot : put pie in oven . wait an hour . retrieve delicious pie ! - oh . oven not turned on . no delicious pie ... yet . sometimes i teach violin . i recently asked a student if i could tune his violin for him and his mother said , ' no , we've already had it professionally tuned . ' i mean , it's okay for her not to know ... ' as a woman , i find it difficult to reverse into angled car parks . ' she then looked at me as though i was going to corroborate that i , too , cannot park a car , and it is indeed because i am female . i ... information is interpreted data . information is barely sufficient . these are the only things i can remember from info 101 . repetition ? unfortunately repetition is essential , but if you can focus you can make it rewarding instead of boring . if you feel bored , you are practising wrong and you should either work on ... huh ? i find that they treat the nerds like total caricatures who have to fail at everyday life just so we can have a way to laugh down at them . whoever said you can't think too much while watching ... i did a bmus in performance but i'm no concert soloist , haha . it is an incredibly , incredibly hard path that you want to walk , and i suspect that might be why your teacher doesn't encourage you to ... always an intp , though i did go through a stage of trying my very best to be an esfp . the things that happen to you can easily affect your behaviour , but won't necessarily change you at your core . i ... jane eyre , then i'll read sense and sensibility . i'm on a mission to read the classics . i don't suppose there's anyone who sees the value in both small talk and the pursuit of knowledge . eat and sleep properly . don't stay up til 2am unless you can afford to stay in bed til 10 the next morning . focus in class so you don't have to spend as much of your valuable internet-browsing time ... i suspect you can score up to 100 % in either direction , otherwise the maximum score in anything would be 50 % . you could think of it as scoring - 11 extraverted . musical > logical > visual / spatial i'm studying , but sometimes i work as a violinist . it's pretty ! reminds me a little bit of stravinsky and a little bit of sibelius . and quite a lot of playing video games and watching movies :P you casually throw a witty , flirty , original pick-up line at someone ... without meaning it that way . when you finally realise how forward it must have seemed , you get confused and clam up for a day ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O2_F42A6cFs it's a bit long because there are two movements here . it's all good stuff but the first 9 minutes or so ( passacaglia ) is definitely recommended listening . 1 ) i don't know how to answer this question other than i don't put myself into situations like that . i guess i'd go borrow $ 200 from the bank to replace it . 2 ) apparently i'm an idiot and i'd ... '