' oh my goodness ... you guys are the best . i think you're right ... i should aim higher ... just i want an infp man so so bad .. i don't know where to get one ! ! ! ;) ___ hi xxx , i ... i do like him ... didn't think fast enough in the moment to try to make the kiss more intense ... i was a little surprised he kissed me because of his body language after dinner didn't indicate ... so i was on a date from a dating website - they guy had taken a test and scored infp ... - pre date interaction varied between flirtatious and teacher / pupil ( me being the pupil ) - we had good ... i scored negotiator / explorer ( i'm an infp btw ) ok ... i know i'm about 1/2 a year behind in this conversation but i just have to say reading this thread has given me a dear appreciation for intp's - the interaction between intps and infps is so ... i'm totally inline with the two posts above me ... lad thanks for such a well thought out and articulate explanation ... this is totally how i lead . i usually work off a false democratic ... the smell of spring in new england ... coming from texas it was an amazing sensation going through winter and then experiencing the smells and sensation of spring ... winter - where it is so ... oh my god ... that is totally me ! paraphasia - damn i need to look that word up . i must admit at 35 years old i've gotten pretty damn good at finding sub words pretty fast that work pretty ... ummm ... a hell f'n yeah to the bagpipes for me ... answering this question makes me proud and sad at the same time . i'm going through a divorce and have looked at our assets and liabilities and ... no good can come from a relationship where you fear he is cheating and he will just put up walls . if there are kids involved i'd advise you to go to therapy with him . run sweetheart ! ! ! run ! have you had a honest conversation with him ? it doesn't matter if he is cheating or not ... you're reacting to a feeling of withdrawal from the relationship - i would speak to what you can say is ... i try my best to verbalize my love for them ... i am there for them when they need me . for my s . o . physical affection . ok ya'll ... first of all i want to say how amazing cool our section of perc is * patstheinfpsontheback * i just took a peak at the quantity of posts in the infp forum compared to the other ... i'm sad to say my soon to be ex falls into this category . he is an xstp and he just cannot understand so much of what i try to convey when i communicate with him . i have just surrendered to the ... lol ... thanks for the lovely welcome .. i just love infps ! show me your teeth - lady gaga what a great first post naranjalibre ( um ... it hurts my brain trying to guess what your handle means ) i totally relate ... well on certain things and on the other things it is very validating to ... have a couple of good stiff drinks ... you think i'm kidding ... but i'm not . i find it has always turned my i into an e and i get to actually reveal all the awesomeness inside of me ... good ... what i want to know ... is all you guys who fall fast and hard for a gal who isn't right for you ... how long does it take you to snap out of it . one guy ( sorry i forget your handle ) threw out two ... omg ... we are one in the same ! you've got the job ! no way in hell i'd want to be responsible for this planet : tongue : awesome ... just the wealth of knowledge i was looking for moby . thanks ! hey guys and gals ... i'm trying to figure someone out and i was wondering if we could do some crazy stereotyping ... humor me if you will ... if you had to guess ... would an enfp or an esfp ... i could be wrong but my intuition says that he is deeply in love with you and was taking a vacation from you while you cycled through your relationship . ( a clue might be if his resurfacing ... yep ... totally ... so at work i was a top performer as a project manager .. because it was in a production type environment where we were putting out fires ... i rock at emergencies ... however , ... hmmm ... i understand what you're asking ... i seem to systematically pull logic out of my arse when i need to justify an action that my nf wants . my nf is so powerful that i must appease it's ... yep ... fo sho awesome ... thus you are already godlike ... do you have deciples ? it is kinda silly if you ask me to use college just to inflate one's ego ;) i went for the practical degree ( accounting ) so i would have job security . i'm glad i did it ... like i learned the language of business ... something i wouldn't do on my own accord . i'm ... interesting ... i finally met one and his own intense feelings scared himself away . sometimes ... maybe , it's just for the best that they run ? : confused : too cute ! the jury is still out ... i'll let you know when i get the word ;P i felt like i was crazy because i was working so hard to get my s . o . to understand me ( and never suceeded ) ... it was ... i joined this forum because wanted to confirm that i wasn't going crazy ... i needed some additional confirmation about the incompatability between infps and xstj ... not only did i find it ... i ... duh ! we all are so amazing adept at reading other people , reading between the lines ... we have reasons to be paranoid ! perhaps you're not paranoid enough ? i know that kind of love you're talking about . it happens for me when i've attained a deep level of intimacy with someone . perhaps you've just hit new grounds with your level of intimacy with this ... i am in n heaven ! ! ! i never knew there were actually n men until the past year ... a whole new world has been revealed to me ... i'm quite excited to get to know ya'll better ! thanks ! good to have some seasoned company ! * looksallaround * you talking to me ? i'm feelin ' kinda dumb ... i don't play drums . i played french horn in hs though ... my favorite drummer ... um . some guy i had a crush on in hs ;) who will ... omg forsakenme - that is so beautiful and is so gratifying to see in black and white . i'm experiencing this right now ... to the t ... amazing . oooh ... me me me ... i do ! ;) if you mean intentionally - i agree .. true love wouldn't . what about romeo and juliet stuff ... like - i love you but there isn't a way for us to continue right now without creating a nuclear ... i think i've had an infp do these things to me ... i don't understand the acting horrid to them one ... could you humor me and explain ? thanks ! omg orangeappled ! ditto ! so ... um ... * gettingembarrasedasking * if i ever decide to go on one of those dating sites can i use your post ? you nailed so much ... and you did it so well ! ... ooohhh i'm so friggin excited ... lovely ladies ... just divine ! i'm batting 1000 ( is that the right lingo ? ) 2 for 2 ... 2 posts ... two new songs i didn't know about amazing lyrics - thanks ! ! ! ... i chose one of the skellig islands in ireland . it makes me think of the beautiful island of personality , wit , charm , love , kindness ... that i am ... sometimes i feel so alone like an island ... but ... pink ... by aerosmith ... pink - it's my new obsession pink - it's not even a question , pink - on the lips of your lover ( oh ) ' cause pink is the love you discover pink - as the bing on ... share with us lyrics to songs ... songs that , after reflection ... is not only an expression of who you are ... but who infp's are ... share the love ! dude ... that so sucks for you ! tragedy ! when you figure it out let me know ... i have a feeling i'm on the bold side for infp females ... i need to know how forward i need to be to meet that ... but can you be an assh * # e to end the relationship and still have positive loving feelings inside ? because true love will never hurt you , never worries you at night , and will never gives you up for anything in the world . no more fights . no more infidelity on their parts . no more tears from you ... always good to be realistic ... i like your quirky-ness and never thought of you as a freak btw ... now that guy who wants to be swallowed whole ... that is a different matter ;P ( j / k ) '