' all i wanted to do was play video games most of my childhood :P i still play with friends every now and then but there is way better things to do in life . from your text it sounds like he's quite busy a lot of the time . you said he replied just minutes before midnight and i assume that means he was working until then , which is pretty late . just coming ... i'm growing some carrots in my grandmother ’ s garden with a garden olla . it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside when i fill it up with water , knowing this olla will keep the soil perfectly moist ... maybe it's both . like a self-perpetuating process as long as we choose to nurture it . i like this idea because often i read portraits of intjs and sometimes they make it sound like the reason we ... windholms i can see how that would anger you . i feel for you infps dealing with us intjs . when you put your emotions around us we're so clueless , we'll stumble all over them with our best intentions ... love was something i didn't understand early in my life . i just thought the only reason people would try to be nice to me was because they wanted something from me . i didn't start to comprehend what ... i don't know what you're going on about but i guess i can tell you a little bit about how far intjs can go . today i told my sister that if she died i probably wouldn't go to her funeral . you can ... interesting question . for me i can sometimes get so focused on other things that i forget those i love . so when i see them it kind of catches me off guard . i've noticed the more i think about someone ... a . you may be more or less not that bad looking in everyone else's eyes but you can be assured , your not that bad looking in his eyes . b . when he first met you he probably didn't think you ... hate it . main reason i take pictures is for documentation :P i think there has only been one person that has bothered taking a picture of me in many years , it's thankfully rare . waw i can relate to every single one of your guy's posts . it nice to know i'm not broken . i've met a lot of people that i would like to be friends with but normally it fades because i fail to see ... as long as they are organizing what ever it is to be more efficient , i don't mind . my worst experience is when me and my friend were playing minecraft and we had about 3 chests worth of valuables , ... as an intj i have no sympathy for unfairness . however , i would love to hear your problems if you want to help yourself . apprentice said it just right though . except i suggest you find someone that ... beat it with rationalism and logic until it doesn't hurt anymore . not sure if it helps or it just goes away on it's own . :P i've never had a messy brake up though , i'd rather have good relations ... way to boring . all my friends like it but i just get way to frustrated with the hook getting caught and the bait making a mess and the strings getting tangled . it's like a nightmare . i also don't ... doing something out of the ordinary like randomly walking over and talking to us would definitely catch our attention . then you offer tea and cookies ? if i liked you chances are i would slip away as ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xTGp753uXoY&index=14&list=PLc9tgpk5vcI2mpf6K26Qhs_A_i580TCoH my favorite is when someone suggests something that you know is misguided or uninformed . to politely get them to question their own thinking you simply saying why ? ... well i posted this because i wanted some honest opinions and i believe that is what you guys did so i appreciate it . i'm glad you will call me on my crap mehmehmeh , i shouldn't of used those terms . i ... i must of mentioned it wrong because i don't think i came across as creepy or trying to hard . because if anything she was coming on to strong and she even mentioned that i probably thought she was ... yeah i think you guys are right . intjs are famous for not understanding the emotional side of things . it just seemed like she really went out on a limb to a degree i've never seen before and it just ... captainanon father / daughter was an example and your right the whole thing seemed like a mess from the start and would of never worked out . i haven't been able to explain all the details but it ... peace total understanding of everything . lack thereof whoops delete this post i don't think you guys understand the type of relationship i'm looking for and doesn't have anything to do with sex so i don't know why you guys fill like i should wait until she's 18 . the type of ... i already do .. i'm 23 . there is this really cool event in our community that i like to go to where we do like 1900 ' s dancing . we first met when she asked me for a dance and the first thing she tells me is that i ... thank you for your response , this was very encouraging . i fill like whenever there is a bump in a friendship or relationship and i try to do anything to help it , i just mess it up . we hardly ever get ... i have this infp girl that said she liked me about 2 years ago but she was like 14 so i offered to be like a brother to her , which she seemed really happy about at the time . i've seen her on occasion ... imbalanced quizzes , maybe . it could be that intjs are attracted to this kind of environment and so it may seem like there is way more of us then there should be . however , i don't know why anyone ... all i remember was being very disappointed about the supposedly important things in life so i spent most of my time in a video game , kept to myself , and wished everyone could leave me alone . it's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eH4F1Tdb040 when it comes other people's struggling emotions , we just do what we do to out own struggling emotions ; invalidate them with rationalism and logic . however , i think we generally love to share our ... you see a commercial advertising something you don't need but still managed to intrigue you , so you then vow to never buy that item . well over 48 hours . was programming a little video game over at my friends house as hobby . all i had at arms reach was mountain dew and chocolate chips . i remember trying to get this small section of ... umm , you should probably ask the enfps on their forum ... all it takes is a beer and a theater commercial . :P i only know one nt , he's an intp and my cousin . we have a great time playing video games together and bsing . most of my friends are nfs though . someone once said to to me , find the most powerful thing in existence and worship it . at first i was like whhhaaat but if you think about it rationally , it makes sense . if the universe is 14 ... most of my friends are enfps , i think they are great ! i never really like starting conversations but i like to talk for hours about things that are interesting . so having someone that always has ... i'm always happy to re-explain a principle to someone because i know that principles are like seeds planted upon peoples minds . if their surface is poor and rocky the seed will grow a little and die , ... normally if i want something that's outside of my comfort zone , i just study absolutely everything i can about it until it's no longer outside my comfort zone ... why do i stay up until 2 or 4 o'clock in the morning almost every night ? even when i'm tired . ah thanks for pointing that out . for my defense , it was 4 o'clock in the morning . but yes i need more practice . :P as an intj i know i have a hard time understanding my emotions and i absolutely hate when they overpower me . i have this infp that out of the blue told me she liked me and i at first was very ... i would be baffled but i don't really care . i have found my small group of friends and family that can appreciate what i have to offer . any offence outside of that circle is good humor :) nightcore - words '