' yeah , there's time i go to big gatherings with people my istj don't know by myself . now family gatherings are ok . but not gathers were they don't know anyone . i'm a low extravert so don't go out ... i use to get a lot of mix music tapes and still get lots of cds with mix music . maybe i'm being picky on what is romantic . never thought of that until now . hmm ... you gave me something to think ... after reading the links laeona posted , i realize how far my istj and i've come . ( come may 2017 we'll have been together for 18 years . ) is our relationship perfect ? hell no ! but do we love each ... i'm going on 18 years come may 2017 with my istj . for the most part , we don't argue . if we do , it's usually because of miscommunication . my istj can be insensitive with feelings at times but ... wow ! great stuff ! thanks ! thank you for your response . i've accomplished a lot in life , so i don't think it's that . as for regrets , the only regret i have in life is that i didn't date more infps before settling down . ... infp not responding to text since december 18th . she does have a tendency to go long periods without talking but not going without checking her messages . she claims she is a high empath . the last ... how come i , an enfj , feel understood by infps but so misunderstood by istjs yet find myself attracted to both ? hello infps . missing my infp friend to talk to . i'm feeling bum about turning 40 this year . any ideas what i should do for it and / or how to get over this bum feeling ? infps rock too ! ;) nfjs are intimacy junkies . doing things for us is great but what really turns us on is playful banter , creativity in the bedroom , lots of emotional attention ( make her feel desirable by desiring her ... well said ! and , yes , both definitely need to be healthy . i think that is true for all relationships though . just so you know , not all infp / enfj compatibility are created equal . i know several ... i'm a nfj with a very low e . when down and out , i turn to drawing because i have no musical talent . it's like i'm able to express my feelings positively without hurting myself ( facing a possible ... do you have a high 8 because 4w5s sound a lot like 8s ? and 8 with a 4 is like a lightening storm but in a nice hot way . i think it's my high 8 that love high 4s . this compatibility has a love and war feel to it . i'm not so sure about the 5 and 2 combo because my 2 hates when my 5 withdrawals emotionally . :) this book is where i discovered the 9 and 2 connection . amazon.com : the enneagram in love and work : understanding your intimate and business relationships (9780062507 211 ): helen palmer : books from what i've gathered , high 4s like high 3s . are you a high 9 because 2 and 9 have an incredible emotional connection ? i think i figured it out . i bet you are a high 2 and he was a high 9 . they merge emotionally together . it's freaky , scary , and exhilarating at the same time . both types need to be healthy because ... i , an enfj , can be overly sensitive . my istj of 13 years is blunt which at times can be taken as being insensitive to my feelings or critical . i'm learning to not take everything so seriously from ... after looking into tritypes , i've discovered why i have this uncanny connection with 2 infps in particular . i'm a 2w3 8w9 6w5 one tested both 3w4 or 4w3 ( there 4 and 3 were equal ) and 9w1 6w5 ... let me know if this sounds correct . 9w8 2w3 7w6 the peacemaker w the challenger , the helper / the achiever , the enthusiast / the loyalist i bet you do well with a high 3 in your life because ... where are your results ? it should be a table listing the percentage of each number . i tested high on 2 and 3 . i'm higher on 2 so i'm a 2w3 . the test i took gives me my high scores , so the values i listed are the scores that i tested the highest on . thanks for the links by the ... ok , enough of me denying myself : i'm a high 2 , 3 , 6 , 8 . i figured out my connection with my infp friend . we feel connected because of my 2 ( the helper ) which she lacks and her 4 ( the ... i highly recommend paying $ 10 for this test . enneagram test - riso-hudson enneagram type indicator it's more accurate and it explains your types in more depth . good luck ! thank you for the book recommendation . i will definitely add it to my book collection . okay , a good friend corrected me and said having a 4 isn't possible . ugh ! this tritype is hard to nail down , but i feel like i'm getting somewhere though . i do think my testing of 2 , 3 , 8 is due ... your parents sound like they were in the unhealthy stress stages of the enneagram during your childhood . for the record , my dad was a lot like your dad and mom and i'm pretty sure he was in a very ... by the way , nothing to take personally , because i discovered that those values are actually my stress state , so normally i'm a 2 , 4 , 6 . i tested 2 , 3 , 8 because of my childhood experience triggered ... thanks , jawz , for your story . after taking the full version , i actually tested as your least favorite person . i tested as 2 being the highest with 3 and 8 being the same second highest . i can ... btw , here is a link to a more accurate test , if you're interested . it has around 150 questions and cost $ 10 . i highly recommend it because it pegged me and was very informative . it also talks on ... since this is a short test , it's not as accurate as this link which gives you a lot of information for $ 10 : enneagram test - riso-hudson enneagram type indicator however , looking at your results , ... it's weird but i never felt a power struggle . we are protective of each other though . the only thing that i've realized is that we tend to want to help each other , rather than ourselves . you ... i feel the same about my infp friend too . it's so dang uncanny how we get each other . thanks for sharing your story . i think i have a grasp on how to figure out our tritype . if you want , click on the link and fill in your gender and click next . free enneagram personality test take test 2 times and paste your ... i think i have a grasp on how to figure it out . if you want , click on the link and fill in your gender and click next . free enneagram personality test take test 2 times and paste your results and ... have you experienced this phenomenon ? that is meeting an infp with a very similar tritype to yourself . if so , did you end up in a relationship with this person ? if so , how was the relationship ? ... have you experienced this phenomenon ? that is meeting an enfj with a very similar tritype to yourself . if so , did you end up in a relationship with this person . if so , how was the relationship . ... sounds like to me , the real question is do we really hate being alone or that we hate being without companionship ? the reason i ask this is because i don't mind being alone as long as i know i ... completely alone without being around humans , animals , internet , or texting--not a chance . i have to at least have my canine companion . i need some type of companionship even if it's only my dog . ... welcome to the forum , sephora . thanks again for your post . it gives me some hope that my istj will not cut out our niece and nephew from their life . thanks everyone for your remarks and comments pertaining to my situation with my istj . i really do appreciate it . i think we've talked this subject into the ground and that i have my answer . ... thank you so much for giving me some hope . i really do appreciate it . i'm well aware that all relationships require work . i have several long term relationships that the communication is no where as difficult as it is with me and my two istjs ( my spouse and mom ) .   ... i agree with this and so does my istj . however , we both disagree with this one . it's a big deal ! my istj hates being wrong and will not admit being wrong even if proven wrong . and , ... a metaphor is a literary figure of speech that uses an image , story or tangible thing to represent a less tangible thing or some intangible quality or idea . this is a perfect example of what i'm ... thank you for your story . our different views and opinions is exactly what's paying a toll on me and my relationship with my istj . i thought with a lot of work , we could over come these ... thank you for your reply . our communication is one thing that has tremendously improved over the years . may i ask how many years you've been with your istj ? thanks everyone for your input . you've given me some things to think about and talk over with my counselor . the friendship between my istj and i is very strong . you've made me well aware that ... '