boring means men who are usually quite and self absorbed when i'm with them , i like men who know how to start a meaningful conversation and have a good sense of humor to make me laugh and flirt with ... well most important thing according to me would be , yes definitely he shouldn't be a boring person , also i prefer men who are good looking but are concerned about their health more than their looks , ... that's some good and sensible advice you gave here for people who want to get a tattoo for themselves , i personally think , those people who get a tattoo just for a sex symbol or for bragging that ... one thing i know about working in technical field is , don't differentiate yourself based on your gender with your colleagues , i myself never felt as if i'm a woman so they won't socialize with me ... whatever department or field of technology a woman may be , she would be always judged as incompetent compared to man at first but once you prove your metal and skill in your field , i don't think ... estj , i never heard my parents curse in-front of us while growing up , even sometimes when we used to hear someone using it and try it out just for fun , we used to get scolded by our parents , so i ... since from my childhood and teenage years i had been very shy and hesitating type , because my mischievous and unladylike behavior used to get frowned and dislike by my family and people , a lot . later ... i'm a huge fan of russell brand , watching his funny antics and dialogues in his movies make me go rofl , apart from that i mostly like indian stand-up comedians like sunil pal , kapil sharma , raju ... estj , i usually don't like to see people cry , but if someone i know , like i really know and am close to him / her , i would go to them and compassionately ask them about their problem and reason of ... when i feel down , i usually talk to my elder brother who is very close to me , and more than talking i do the listening , but only if the other person has something funny , amusing or motivational to say ... i really find it quite lovely and heart touching when people despite of hardships and temptation stay honest and truthful , keep on hardworking and progressing no matter how much suffering or pain ... no , absolutely not , because i was always the free-spirit child , doing what i liked and that is why i was always a source of embarrassment to my parents because they wanted me to be like other ... my mother is an isfj and we argue a lot because she has this habit to self-righteousness even though she would be wrong , and then to hide her mistake she would start pointing out drawbacks and ... - we are very entertaining , even though we are scary kind of people . - we keep things neat and organized , so less trouble with finding things . - we stay faithful to our relationships which we accept ... no doubt , enfps and infps for sure ... the ant sparer just be friendly and humorous when interacting with us , i like smart people with good sense of humor who are friendly in nature . be honest , smart and efficient with us , don't ... this is the most laughable excuse i ever heard of for breaking up with a person , lol , seems like you really love this woman or are just jealous because she chose another guy over you , but whatever ... since she is a sensor and you are intuitive , you should keep things in mind that doesn't please her or things that upset her about and try to not repeat them in-front of her . she may not voice her ... as an estj , i won't say i never lied in my life or that i don't do it anymore , its just that i don't do it that often . only when i feel that someone close to me is going get hurt from the truth i ... estj's are sensitive people if you think it is a flaw . they don't like being lied to , cheated , or betrayed upon . if an estj wants to hurt someone i think they can be really cold and detached with ... the most practical and workable philosophy won't work if you won't . no matter whatever advice you get here , if you yourself don't inculcate the decision to change your way of thinking and mindset ... yeah i too agree with this point , at first i was kind of fascinated by tattoos and i myself had planned for getting a tattoo for myself but later when in real life i saw people with tattoos in weird ... i go with enfp , based on my real life experience . i usually help people as much it is in my capacity to help them but for people who are close to my heart i do a little extra to help them with all my heart . estj and infp . lol . nope , because you can never get bored with an estj and they are simply irresistible but they are hard to impress too . estj , guess why ? my favorite bollywood movies from that era are , saheb , bibi aur gulam , pyaasa , amar prem , dharam-veer , all movies of meena kumari , sholay , padosan , etc , list is very long , lol but these are some of ... what kind of nonsense thread this is ? ? ? i liked the tom hanks forrest gump very much , apart from it psycho from 60s is also one of mine favorite , rest i like all bollywood movies from retro era to late 90s . i like traveling at night more than traveling during day . 6w5 - 3w2 - 8w9 , estj , i did that once or twice and i realized , that's a really stupid thing to do , because nobody unless they truly love you would care about how are you feeling . outside people are just ... power to me , means where i have complete control over my own-self such that , i have my senses , my reactions and desires under my control , nothing fears me , where i'm aware of truth , free from ... when you refuse to take substitute for original . me too , though forgot to mention this in my post . manipulative , dramatic , stupid and whining people , people with habit of backbiting and liars . well , i want to let go of my anxiety problems which makes my mind blank sometimes , though so far i somehow manage to come out of it in time but still i don't want to get anxious to start with and ... 6w5 - 3w2 - 8w9 , sp / sx . i procrastinate when i dislike the task i'm doing , specially when its boring and uncreative . i think being one of the intense types , it creates a lack of desire to ... i don't think its true that we ignore the people we like , all those who say that might be lying about it because it obvious when we trust and like someone we cherish them in our life . as for me i ... for me its the lyrics as well as music of the song , but most importantly music , i like classical songs most for this reason because even without lyrics just the music of it soothes and pleasures my ... when you see disorganization of a system and feel compelled to correct that problem . songs which have very passionate and motivational lyrics , sad songs that make me realize about truth of life , songs which keep me grounded to my roots . in my case i'm not much of the talkative kind of person , i like things to be said in brief and explicit words , buttering or lengthy talks test my patience most of the time but if i'm interested in a ... though i feel very strongly of things sometimes , other times i stay just unaffected by them but it's very hard and also uncomfortable for me to express or show my feelings to others , because i have ... congrats ms . boss : happy : i liked the dracula from van helsing movie because he was not only handsome but also knew how to dance , lol . anyman who can dance is sexy for me . lol , gud luck . congratulations dear . after reading all this i think you should be thankful that you aren't a man and since i respect women , i won't lash out on you for your such insensible behavior even though it was not me with whom ...