' this thread is several years old , but i thought i would comment anyway , as it may help other people in this situation . many theories were given , but i soon realized that , in my opinion , it wasn ’ t an ... lmao ! man i don't know why i continue to be surprized when i see posts like this . of course i relate to this ! and once again , i didn't realize that anyone else thought of these obscure little ... lol @ love rereading your own posts ... ( dragonflyblue ) i thought i was the only one who did that :) well , no ... actually , i've been on dozens of forums since they first were invented in the mid - 90 ' s . and quite honestly , on none of those forums have i ever heard the term sticky thread . but thank ... i absolutely love buying gifts for others . i consider it a personal challenge to find just the exact perfect gift for anyone that i buy for . i put a lot of thought and effort into it . on the other ... somniorum ... your info tells me that you're from generation y . if you are in that age bracket , you are certainly not too old for any of that that you mentioned . you're barely even getting started . so ... could someone tell me what the difference is between a sticky thread , and a normal thread ? or better yet , instead of giving me the fish , teach me how to fish , and show me where that kind of ... oh . ha ! yeah , i suspected that , after i wrote what i did . i agree . that creation museum is truly frightening . i don't wish to offend anyone with my opinion ... and again , this is just my own personal belief ... but i find it frightening because it just shows ... i don't think you have a problem at all . things are moving along at a natural pace . evidentally things moved beyond what had been your normal friendship routine . everything's on course . no need to ... oh ... very interesting thread . i'm going to have to come back to this and read it fully and put in my thoughts , when i have some time . i appreciate your opinion on this , faeriegal 713 ... but i'm going to respectfully , completely and totally disagree with you on this one . especially this part : being rude , mean , immature , and hurtful ... since finding this forum , i'm starting to understand that it's as natural for other personalities to be rude and hurtful , as it is for us to find it completely unacceptable . so i guess the answer is , ... i find it interesting ... and very telling ... that if you browse through the various threads in personality cafe ` ... what a difference in tone , attitude , civility and level of rudeness exists , when ... if you click on edit post at the bottom of your post , and then hold your cursor on your photo , you will see an icon that looks like a pencil appear in the top left corner of your photo . click on ... 21841 this exposed root wood by the riverside held all kinds of imagined grain graphics for me . i originally saw the wolfman baying at the moon , but also some dali-esque faces . hahaha ! yeah , and i can field strip a deer with a sharp rock , as well as make a perfect angel out of wrapping ribbon for the gifts i give . i can track a jaguar or mountain lion for days , as well as ... you mean like the time for me to fly tattoo i got 30 years ago , when i graduated high school ? : confused : do any of you open up to the world , like you open up to us here on this forum ? i was just going through , reading all the posts i've made here on this forum during the week and a half since i ... i liked the linen closet . top of the pine tree was good too . speaking of books ... do any of you have trouble getting rid of books after you've read them ? unless they suck , of course . i still have ... 20738 here are my nuthatches under a spruce . creativity is creativity ; in its many forms . none more impressive than any other . i love to make music , and paint and draw and write . but i suck at poetry and crafts and sculpture . i wish i could do ... people have attached words like clingy , desperate , dependant and mushy to many of us . that is how most people perceive the type of love that we have to offer . personally , i would love to find ... give the meds a chance to work , and you'll be amazed how much easier everything will be , to deal with . they won't kick in all of a sudden one night ... but after two or three months you will realize ... minerva 83 they got a lotta nerve ! : laughing : that kiss looks anatomically correct : tongue : but i have to say ... they look like a very vein couple : blushed : ‪ wungoodguy ‬ ‏ - youtube i put this post in another art thread , but it was suggested i put it in a music thread . so here ya go ! anyone else have any videos of music they wrote ? i ... ‪ wungoodguy ‬ ‏ - youtube do songs we wrote count as appropriate art for this thread ? if so ... i have three acoustic originals on youtube . if the above link doesn't work , just do ... i guess since i started this thread , i should contribute a few things that i've done along this subject . my proposal . during one of my visits to england to visit my girlfriend , we drove out to ... perhaps you could persuade him to take the test ... as a fun activity . don't tell him it's to judge him or grade him or anything ... just that it's something you find fun and interesting . if he ... i was married to a british girl . after dating and visiting each other for 3 years , i finally actually left everything behind and moved to england to be married . our favorite movie was braveheart . on ... 20491 20490 20489 i already used one of these in the desktop background thread , but it's still one of my favorite photos . it's the backyard where i spent my childhood , in the town of eden . the ... this is both an easy but very impressive looking romantic presentation that is perfect for a breakfast in bed for your hunny ... and can also be a really fun breakfast for kids . ingredients : ... yep . i agree . secret vigilante . but then again , vigilante's are kinda walking the line between villain and hero . excellent , excellent , excellent list ! i agree with rbt . my suggestion is that you go ahead and set a goal ... but understand that it will be perfectly acceptable to chance your mind later . it's never too late to start in a different ... would any of you be interested in having a thread of romantic ideas ? i'm always on a search to challenge my own creativity and originality , in sweet and romantic special things i can do for the one i ... i understand what you're saying . but i haven't been here long enough ... or for that matter , i don't even know enough infps in person , to be able to agree or disagree with that theory . but what i can ... i'd like to suggest that just watching a movie and snuggling while munching on microwave popcorn , or going on a hike and spending time exploring nature are in fact just as romantic as any other ... i don't know how long ago was 8th grade , for you . but one freshly picked buttercup is as perfect a gesture in 8th grade , as it is when you're 38 , or 68 : happy : no need to want to do those things , ... i can assure you ... there are those that would go to such lengths . have faith . it's easier to have faith in your dreams when you know they are attainable , and not just fantasy . that way , they can ... since i'm new here , i haven't yet figured out how to start a thread of my own . but i wonder if anyone would be interested in starting a thread of romantic ideas . i'm always on a search to challenge ... originally posted by antipro i think while two nf's will easily form such romantic bond , it's also very likely to be a relationship with little personal growth . i tend to find the nf / nt dynamic more ... it's so sad that almost every online forum you go to , is saturated by people that seem to have lost all sense of treating each other well . so many cruel people and bullies lashing out at each other ... i'm glad i didn't have a camera that day . a photo could never have captured the beauty in the same way that it is stored in my head . you know that you're an infp when ... even though you've seen the grand canyon , niagara falls , the oceans , the pyraminds of egypt and hundreds of awesome things over your lifetime ... the most ... i know . who in the world can possibly pick a card without opening and reading at least a dozen different ones , before choosing ? i know who ... everyone except an infp ! and i thought i had issues ! good grief ! : tongue : thanx . good to be here . : happy : i haven't heard the word narwhale in a couple years at least . and here i come to infp , i write about a narwhale in the very first thread i read ... and now find someone else writing about narwhales on ... no , you are surely not the only one . there is another person in pig's eye , south dakota , who also left their's blue . no worries :) who needs them high falootin ' photos anyway ? ! '