' the first , no doubt . explaining why is somewhat difficult since it is just a part of who i am . finding someone who loves me would be great but i have never felt the need for it . i would rather be ... i think it can be decided between ntp and ntj very quickly , at least . one question : do you think this thread is a waste of time ? : mellow : let's put it this way : there is a reason i only have three friendships that lasted more than a month . family has learned to deal with it . took them 15 years but they got used to it eventually . that is me in a nutshell . love it . that has gotten me into trouble too many times to count , though , so i'll often be silent until i am sure no one is carrying a weapon . yep . i'm trying to control this even though i am not as horribly afflicted as others . i only have a slight preference for extroversion , really . i can be alone for days or weeks and it won't bother me ... i wish i could find an intj in person . even another entj would work . it would be lovely , as you say . closest i got was an intp ; that was great since i could be myself but , as expected , we had ... yes , you are right . i say these things out loud all the time since i do tend to talk without thinking . i should learn from the intjs and keep these things to myself . one day i will get this right ... at least your daughter listens to you . i was one bossy , hardheaded kid . i'm pretty sure i would have hated myself if there were two of me . i'm also surprised i did not end up stabbed to death or shot ... ah , stereotypes . i really don't care what strangers are feeling but i those i care about are a different story . emerson : what lirulin said . you can also just go on a whim and say hi ! my name ... elaminopy : overthinking , much ? maybe it is just me ... * shrug * intj , entj , close enough . my mom got this on video . i was around 12 , family get-together of some kind . said to everyone , i bet i ... enxps can be the most introverted extroverts . i can't say entps usually score above 50 on a test or whatever . it really depends on the individual . it depends on what you believe about yourself , too ... haha , yes ! try explaining objective truth to a stubborn 7 year old . tell me what happens . i don't think so . i'm stressed and feel like eating ice cream isn't emotional , either , but it is the ... cool . i will try to be detailed but there may be the occasional handwaving . feel free to ask questions if that happens and you don't get it . if there is something in particular you have questions ... this is a really interesting topic . i don't relate to many of the overexcitabilities ( perhaps i have just gotten used to them and see them as normal ? ) but i was always different from others . my ... thickfreakness : i also have some specific si-like traits but i believe they came about through the interaction of ni and se . a lot of the si dependability can also be seen in an entj through te . ... elaminopy : i see you went back to unknown personality . are you still interested in finding a type ? i would agree with bethdeth that you are intp . i can try to get together specifics if you'd ... he does seem like an sp from your description . estp sounds like a possibility . i would say estp rather than istp because he likes being the center of attention . the fact that he won't do ... this thread made me feel better about typing all my friends , lol . esfj : great friend ; we're almost always together when there's something social going on but i somehow managed to offend her every ... isfj mom + estj father = isfp brother and e / intj ( me ) we were a dysfunctional family . =/ i'm in a similar situation . i've come to the conclusion i am e rather than i but i look at the intj forums and i'm pretty much at home there , too . i think you are e rather than i from what ... i understand what you mean . i think this can happen a lot to f's and i've read infp's in particular like to think of themselves as intp's . the t preference is sometimes seen as better by society ... the link myosotis provided should be helpful . like she said , infp's are fi-dominant and there are plenty of threads about fi all over the forum . is there any specific reason you changed your mind ... like myosotis , i sense a good amount of ne in this post , too . i think entp is a good match for you . have you looked at any of the entp threads ? i'm most likely a type 9 . good to know i may come across as a buddha , lol . welcome . i was also typing myself as intj . this morning i woke up and realized i was an extrovert . it was life-changing . no idea how that entj-entj partnership would be ; it depends on the ... questions if you want ' em : 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? 2 ) what do you yearn for in life ? why ? 3 ) think about a time where you felt like you were at your ... * pokes the esfp's * : mellow : i am gonna go make plans to take over the world or build a mind control device or some other silly thing to make me feel better about not being esfp . ... freespirit : similar things have happened to me so many times i won't talk anymore .   ... this is so depressing . - __ - n00b here too . welcome . * waves * you sound like an ixtj to me . the only other choices for an introverted fi-te are isfp and infp and according to this post , fi-dom is out . itj's can be lazy as ... i am sorry for taking this thread so off-topic but i just have to let this out . it was / is so frustrating - especially with regards to my mom , who is definitely isfj . she is an awesome mother and ... there isn't another n in my family except for my great-grandfather . i can't be sure , though ; my only evidence : everyone always thought he was special . almost everyone , except my brother ( likely ... hey , i remember your intro thread . i was the one who mentioned also being torn between nt and nf . welcome , again ! my opinion : i agree with kelly 617 . you sound like an intp . i think people depend ... paradigm : yess ! someone got the mass effect reference . i was surprised no one had until now . i think how you grow up does affect you a lot . i always had major problems communicating with my isfj ... i'm sorry you still don't know your type . i am not confident in saying you are any one type since you seem so unsure of your own self . the jumping between feeler and thinker and then going from ... hey , i'd totally join the idealist scientists group ! sounds like my kind of place . @ paradigm : thanks for helping me on my own thread . i am pretty much set on being intj ... an atypical one ... i disagree with the intj diagnosis . have you looked in-depth at the definitions of the functions and such ? i know that test is not always the most accurate and it is too easy to cheat and check ... thanks for your input . i started looking more into 9w1 and 1w9 and i can't decide which describes me better . i never considered being a type 9 before . yay for self-discovery . xd i'll give the full story , because it is a bit complicated ... xd ; when i first picked the major as a freshman , it was because i wanted to make money . i come from a pretty poor family so that was my ... thanks for the help , everyone . :) paradigm : actually , i stalked the ntj forums and i identify a lot with them - the problem is , it seems a lot of them actually take pride in their lack of emotion , ... don't worry about being weird . i love debate and such like an nt but i am more like an nf . it's all good . welcome :) btw : you cannot hide . xd thanks for the reply . i was considering entp for a while except i am definitely an introvert . regarding intp : we are not that much different but she is much more detached than i am . i can't attain ... ix92m pretty familiar with the cognitive functions and all that jazz yet i find myself unable to definitively say which functions i use most . i relate to all of them . this is very problematic . please ... woo , ketchup is always good . welcome to the forums ! you'll take that back once i burn a cake or put brownies on fire by accident , lol . i agree that you sound xntp . not really enough information to determine entp or intp , but you seem more ne than se . se , as far as i understand it , is more action-oriented , which you said explicitly ... i found these questions on another thread ; hopefully these will help . edit : i see you've already decided on a type but you can always answer them anyway , haha . 1 ) what aspect of your ... interesting - i wasn't aware she offered free sessions . so i take it you wouldn't have considered isfp otherwise ? well , i'm glad you figured it out . :) i'm just that awesome . and no , it totally isn't a premade mix that i just stuck in the oven ... i totally made them from scratch . : mellow : bigtex 1989 : here is your totally awesome , virtual cookie , in your favorite variety . ^ _ ^ * gives cookie * : 0 betrayal ! i gave you a cookie ! > o really though - i have no soul , ahaha . '