' i tend to build up a collection of things on my desktop that i use frequently and then move them into a folder called ' everything ' from there it get sorted into type and sub type i ike to collect odd objects , even at work ... a lot of people would call it junk but i like to collect it . old unused software ? ill take that off your hands :) i have a bunch of old adobe ... i think its quite normal , i tend to only see my friends in real life every couple of months , as said earlier some people just dont get it but the good ones do :) edit : i mostly mean tolerate it ... where do we go when we sleep ? is dreaming another form of being awake ? how many more layers of this are there if any ? thoughts about sleep keep me up at night edit : sometimes im too scared ... thanks i wish i was free to follow my interests as i desired i feel as though wishes are meant for impossible things by seeing do you mean visual interpreting or seeing as in mentally understanding the concept ? hello i feel as though i am incapable of creating anything and i wish i could i cant stand the interviewer christ that laugh ... is he intj ? hmmm it would be interesting to see an intj on this show , i doubt they would be that interesting to the general public though ... know yourself and be yourself do you think fi or fe sounds more like me ? which one do you think sounds like you ? why do you require input from others to know what you are ? question : do intjs lean more towards alternative rock then other types of music ? and if so , why ? my answer : well , if you went through all the pages and then sorted all the songs by genre / style ... sometimes i look at people and i see them , well on the outside at least , doing all these things and saying all these words and i wonder what it would be like to act that way ... am i missing out on ... a lounge huh ? what does one do in a lounge ? or is it best not to define it and just enjoy it as is ? do it went on holiday for just over a month , thought things would change . how naive of me .. feels nice to browse back on this forum here though , its been a while since i surrounded myself with somewhat ... yes i would say i am , more than physical appearance to an certain degree . what are they ? i am unsure they just generally cant be a terrible person by my standards i like to lurk , in my case at least its mostly because i tend to believe i have nothing interesting to contribute to the conversation so why add anything ? logging out to purposely lurk seems like ... i think id wait for him to swing first before taking further action but i would not encourage them to take a swing a part of me wants to fight him though ... would you say there is complexity in simplicity ? i normally vote for whoever amuses me the most .. perhaps one day i'll care more edit : other than what amuses me at the time , ill vote for whatever would apparently benefit me the most ... long distance is hard intj's and what effects their sanity levels mental illness so i think about which thoughts i wish to express in written format , then i proceed to perform the physical movements necessary to express the required thoughts in whichever medium is required or ... 651762 i got this , seems right to me . i always score intj , extra heavy on the introversion : 3 i like this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e4dT8FJ2GE0 i like the sound , the content / lyrics are not too important , the sound is what i value most . is it my favourite ? probably not , i heard ... to others maybe , although internally i am acutely aware of any mistakes i have made assuming they would listen to me , i would each give them a solo task that leads to the successful completion of the project how would i make them listen to me ? explain that the success of the ... i am a fan of the idea that a celestial being died and its essence became everything we know , what kind of sacrifice would have to be made to create such wondrous things ? ( stars , planets , cosmic ... nah 1 ) since when do you need a manager present to make returns ? ? or was it because i work there ? - check the company policy on this 2 ) why did they want to save my receipt ? - not sure , perhaps to ... i remember my first encounter with this type of music was boa - hurricane venus , saw it played on a starcraft 2 stream round 201011 or something and was kinda hooked . don't follow / watch it much ... what happens when this riddle gets solved ? what use is this information ? haha i am clearly not a fan of riddles edit thoughts : girlfriend asked me a few riddles and it was infuriating for ... i kept pressing them to talk about something they didnt want to , i regret it deeply it is not hands that summon us . it is desire . i want nothing to do with that puzzle box . nope . nope . nope i used to think life was dull and everything was boring , then i realised that i havent actually done everything so it felt incorrect in thinking that way ahh yes the pain of living , its beautiful isnt it ? i got your score for openness was 70 % . this is in the moderate range . your score for conscientiousness was low , at 35 % . your score for extraversion was low , at 15 % . your score for ... what do you mean by humanities ? i like to think about the direction of the human race as a species and i like to appreciate where weve come from so i guess i love humanities ? 1 . attempt to think less about things 2 . be more decisive and confident in my decisions / thoughts ( i cant help but play devils advocate with myself , i guess this ties into number 1 ) 3 . change my ... ahh yes that sinking feeling when something goes incredibly wrong or not to plan . how do i get over it ? embrace the madness , how are you going to deal with your scenario now with all these new ... i like to imagine it kinda like this 629346 except the ring is a billion times higher and nearly impossible to scale and then in the middle is a beautiful garden and house where i like to chill ... if you look at the first sentence of most of them you can gather the feeling they are trying to portray , followed by a rather nice scenario . so yes i do feel those feels , but not for those ... i think its the introversion crossed with the feels that does it for me . first encountered mbti ? hmm was a personality test i took in highschool , didnt care or even pay attention to it until later . stumbled upon it somehow and was interested im not too into it as ... treat yo self question : can intjs be try-hards ? answer : sure no im not , our values of friendship are clearly different . an emotional investment of any kind is a big deal to me , a huge deal , to have it not appreciated and / or reciprocated is soul destroying . ... petty ? perhaps , but why bother with someone who isnt going to give me what i want when i can just move on ? what a waste of my time and emotional energy . hopefully for you this friend of yours is ... '