' i used to be incredibly imaginative , but it seems adulthood has smothered that part of me . yep . all the time . nope . things that irritate me : loud music , electronic music , crowds , drinking / smoking / drugs , being around people doing these things when i'm feeling particularly social , i have a few buddies ... pretty much this . everyone meaningful to me is highly intelligent even if i don't directly seek it in people . a roommate of mine got me a job working for a company his mother owns , and i was introduced as ecky . i worked there for about 6 months and everyone called me ecky . i would be uncomfortable , i ... i haven't , but i have been called a few different things and have answered and identified with them . this reminds me of a thought experiment i used to go through with people on the idea of ... i'm not so sure about that . although most of what he says seems only to intersect our reality at a point , the point at which it does is generally too relevant and interesting for me to accept that ... i'm in . sometimes i'll put myself at the center of attention if necessary , but never because i enjoy it . fantasy-based infatuation is something i was often victim to a few years ago , but have more recently gained some perspective on and have actually come to appreciate . for a brief time i can feel like ... sounds to me like he likes you . i've learned that if i do nice things for people i like , they are more likely to stick around . pretty much this : also + 1 kudos for the expression replication . earth balance is actually certified non-gmo . it's not a normal margarine - it's basically non-gmo vegetable oils with sunflower lecithin added as a thickener , and nothing else . it doesn't have the ... ingredients : natural oil blend ( palm / canola / soybean / flax / olive ) , filtered water , contains less than 2 % of : salt , pea protein , sunflower lecithin , lactic acid ( non-dairy ) , annatto for color . seems ... i tested 149 in 2nd grade , but it hasn't done me a lot of good . i'm very careful about expired food . even so , some things i don't mind inspecting well after the expiration date . example : i got 6 tubs of earth balance buttery spread when they expired at a health ... heterosexual panromantic , probably . * stand for the truth and the search for truth . * use thought rather than emotions . * are misunderstood rather than at fault . * have a preference for ti , ne , si and inferior fe . * are a human ... quite a bit , though i've never been accused of being ray mckinnon's doppelganger specifically . but , i digress . , lately i find i prefer to just get it out for the reasons you illustrated . much ... i do a lot of laundry . sounds like a fantastic arrangement . moar failed relationships ! this . i probably went from 40 % i up to about 95 % . google chrome - 5 tabs gmail anandtech personality cafe xda ( moto x ) amazon ( camping gear ) i have no idea as i'm too far removed from how most think - i tend to be grade a baffling to the vast majority of people i meet . maybe i'll ask some random strangers today what they most ... i only recently started growing my facial hair out . it's rather annoying to me but i like the aesthetics of it . i use a trimmer like themorning linked and tend to keep my facial hair at a pretty ... my partner is my personal assistant . we work nicely together as we're both most comfortable doing the things the other can't handle . sent from my xt1049 using tapatalk the level of investment you have in her sounds unhealthy to me , to be frank . friendship works best ( for me anyhow ) when there's mutual understanding , mutual respect , and mutual investment . if i ... have to wonder if it has anything to do with the forum poll going on right now . wait , when was new year's ? your attachment is borked . based on the information you provided ... i have no idea . it's not atypical of me to disappear for days or weeks at a time , or to be unavailable to the people who care about me . or , i suppose , even ... 10/10 ___ funny , a very similar thread just started in s & r . my post there : 1 , second place is 7 . intp quirks : ... i was going to type a well-thought out response but got lazy , so this is what you get instead . beautiful people really are more intelligent i'm not going to make any claims about the relation between intelligence and personality type , and there are many other possible factors , but polls and ... i swear to god ! xd earlier today i heard tom mison . i have a random shuffle of a few hundred space and planet images for my wallpaper . http://i.imgur.com/Bp7shvb.jpg i think you might need to rephrase that with some additional punctuation . as bad as i usually am about being direct , i tend to like it when others are direct with me . + 1 personally , i can't stand midi . but then , i generally dislike highly ( or obviously ) electronic music , and voice processing effects . , i would like to thank you for sharing passenger . <- came out vegan : laughing : deep , man . astrophysicist / astronaut ( space program budget cuts deflated that dream ) , computer scientist ( a few semesters in found i didn't like it ) , professor in physical sciences , geologist ( current pursuit ) ... istj dad : dependable intp ( questionable ) mom : crazy enfp sister : ( a ) mess infp wife : emotional i like that system . i will now proceed to confuse people by asking for cherry cream cheese pie and chocolate swirl ice cream pie . i wonder if a crust is a necessity for a pie ? though , upon ... pie is where it's at . cheesecake is basically a pie that's called cake , and then you have apple pie and key lime pie . i'd argue that ice cream cake is often closer to a pie than a cake too . bread ... one of them looks like steve wilson , but i don't think i'm familiar with the other . who is it ? sorry for the thread-jack ! http://i.imgur.com/luQ5UrW.jpg can't speak for all dogs , but this one is a heck of a lot smarter than any cat i've come across . 1 ) you meet someone you like , you're interested in a relationship , she says it's a bad time right now but she hopes to stay friends and continue to get to know you . good ? bad ? fucking bitch ? okay ... hello intruding infp ! '