' you are crazy for three reasons : 1 ) you are a woman 2 ) you are an infj 3 ) you like an intj ;p i'm a christian . i don't know what her mbti is . but , i do know she is dangerous for america . let me know if you and your band of travelers ever reach south texas : ^ ) this has to be the second or third time i have seen an infj female post something about an intj who cannot communicate , but then an intj on the thread is feeling confused about what the infj is ... one thing that makes me unique is that i'm the only me . and it's the same for everybody else : - you are the only you :p a basic : just because everybody believes it's true doesn't make it true , - might be all you need . or maybe say : okay .. i know most people believe that is true , but i have a hard time believing it ... i determined my ex-girlfriend to be an infj . sometimes i felt as though she was not open to my opinion , or that i had to deny my own for hers even though i considered my own opinion to be supported ... ( 1 ) we have a new menu , and he said that if the customers order coconut rice , then they can't have plain rice . ( 2 ) this made no sense to me whatsoever , so we went over the details together . it ... :D same here . praying for both you and your brother :p sorry to hear that his wife left him . that kind of experience is probably very brutal . lmao .. i don't know where you heard intj's are generally more liberal . based on my observations so far , i don't think mbti is a very good predictor of politics . it's not even a good predictor in ... what is your faith specifically ? sometimes a first impression does not take into account all the facts needed to make an accurate judgement . sometimes first impressions are spot on , even if not all the facts are present ( yet this ... jesus is king they probably just have a hard time reading you . your solution : date an intp man , where you can say things like , i know i look like a mean bitch , but i like you and i want to be your girlfriend ... i have no idea what her mbti is , unless crazy lunatic dangerous for america is an mbti type . i feel as though i'm being interviewed by a reporter . i pay for my haircuts , but i try to find something cheap because my haircuts are not very complicated . yah i'm fine . it was a few years ago anyways . wow , how time flies . if it makes you feel better , i was dumped by a probable infj . when someone insults my intelligence i think i might have this problem with almost any question being asked . i have to remind myself in job interviews just to give a simple answer . we get a lot of that here ; hence my suspicions . i do think an intj will be well-read somehow in the area of strategy and out-side-of-the-box thinking . my dad is an intj , and when i was younger ... i think i get it now ... and shame on me for being so slow ... you are considering dating him and you want him to be an intj in order for that to happen . ;) ... ok so anyways ... if he tested clearly ... he might have an interest in science ( and even a capacity for it ) , but he is just so motivated in the area finance that he is not willing to make space for any other hobby or expertise . ... how do you know the mbti of two random dudes fighting in the street ? and please teach me your skills . pardon my logic , but did you just say that you hate flying but you do it for pleasure ? if people can be girl or boy just based on their feelings , they may as well be whatever they want . who are you to tell me i am not a cat ? i would argue very strongly that when people make ... i think he might be infj . she will annoy you to the point where nobody is bored . here on perc they jump on us like candy . as a christian i have been through two break ups . the first one was pretty darn serious ; - marriage-level serious . but , marriage never happened . it is painful to have a level of emotional intimacy ... i have been considering for a very long time doing a youtube video on this subject . it would just take a lot of time to really sit down and analyze it and examine opposing arguments and supposed ... i was very anti drug / alcohol until about 16 years old . it started with mixture of curiosity and a desire to fit in , and then it led to heavier stuff and rock-bottom . my rock-bottom was probably not ... i use to work with a special needs adult , which included fitness . that got me into basketball , and i'm a pretty insane shooter . very bad at lay-ups and driving through the paint , however . what catwalk said , the part about being clingy . i have that problem too .. i don't always like somebody romantically , but when i do ... damn .. i enjoy eating ' simple ' food . my city has a place called the egg and i , which has a sophisticated-people-eat-here type of image . the food is good , but i'd rather just go to a mexican restaurant ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SInH7BLVGRk&list=PL49D798F5A75E6C1B&index=7 solution : intjs , learn how to be more playful ( relationships require compromise ); blue , stop letting the survivability of your relationship depend upon how whimsical somebody is . it's not rocket ... if i may add another thing : sometimes you don't cope with a retail related job . sometimes you just find a way to get another career going . tefl really can be a good option . it ranges between 1000 ... not to side-track from the conversation , but lately i've been considering a tefl certification ( teaching english as foreign language ) . depending on the program you pick , they can help you get a job ... it wouldn't surprise me if this topic continued on until jesus comes back . he really is coming back , just for the record . it'll probably get a little better for you as you get older . not that i think there is anything super special about college , but you are likely to find a guy you like . the higher up you go , the ... i'm really sorry to hear about some of you being bullied as kids . logic is not necessarily the same as math . just think about it : 1 ) a + 5 = 10 ... e = mc ^ 2 2 ) mr . so-and-so wants to solve our country's racial problems . but , what about the starving people in ... i scored 2,000 lol i was thinking the same thing while reading it . you don't need a girlfriend to feel useful . my girlfriend broke up with me last year and i feel more useful now than i did when i was with her . just go enjoy scandinavia and forget about all of it ... 333090 this is a picture of myself . i cannot stop looking ! ! ! ... lol nah i'm just joking ... yah i'm joking .. you will have to learn to adapt . it seems that most of of the workplace is st and sf orientated , except for some fields of practice of course . st and sf will interpret you a particular way . i feel ... even if i do explain things effectively sometimes people just don't understand my thought process . i've been hearing about this lately . bbc - future - does cheese give you nightmares ? '