' i searched the topic , clicked , saw something i agreed with and replied . the subject isn't time-sensitive . yes , somehow feeling overly invested in other people's happiness is a part of it . deciding that it's really important for a person we've grown attached to to be happy and fulfilled in order for us ... i completely relate to this . it's not an imposition of my will upon the other , but more a continual desire / encouragement of them to grow into whatever i perceive to be their best selves . it doesn't ... i can really relate to this post . in fact , i logged into the forum today expressly to discuss feeling really out of sorts with the people around me in a way that seems to increase as i get older . ... tw this is a really good post and view on te-fi rigidity and frequent inability to see its own narrownwss . it actually relates well to a disagreement i have with an intj which pretty much boils ... i should have added that things like betrayal have a moral component and so when it comes to things that are bad many people will refuse to do what crosses their moral boundary lines . when it ... ... play nice until they realize their diplomatic skills are insufficient to accomplish their goals . then they may use pressure , coercion , or even betrayal to achieve their ends . bossiness in esfjs comes from their conviction that they really know what is best for others and a desire to help that come about . it is likely benevolent ( when more mature ) , and might seem a little ... love this post because i recently realized the importance of just setting a deadline and moving forward with the best of what you have at that point . otherwise , ni-ti will cause the deliberation to ... i can't speak to the books , but bbc sherlock is istp imo . there is very , very little abstraction in his character or thought process . all of his observations are intricate deductions from physical ... i am not a sentimental person . i think everyone has emotions . i don't think that feeling deeply and sentimentality are the same thing . i suppose the basic definition simply refers to tender ... infjs rank as the 4th most gifted iq wise , so i'm going to say the socionics bit was nonsense . it reads more like someone aggressively attempting to take a group of people down a peg than ... no , though the list was not what i expected . i do think that i generally understand others more accurately than most people do ( which doesn't actually mean that i relate better ) . i also think i ... i had a very close friendship with an entp in high school and college . in college in particular , yes , i can say the op is very true . i almost think we could have started a cult if we were so ... after a while i just stop engaging . it's like i automatically go into power down mode after i've reached my limit--whether i'm actually alone or not ! my sister ( estp ) has learned to recognize ... double post i work 24-7 , not necessarily at work but on goals . i am always working toward something , so much so that i recognize i need to spend time just relaxing and having fun . but i don't because i feel ... the mbti was built upon jung's theory of psychological types , point , blank period . of course subsequent researchers have wanted to distinguish themselves by promoting something unique , but i think ... i think it's hilarious how many of the posts boil down to , yeah , they say we're arrogant , but it's just because they aren't on our level . : wink : this . i just posted something similar in ... as far as the op goes , i might consider whether the infj in question isn't actually an infp . the reason is that infjs also have ti and aren't particularly inclined to take disagreements personally . ... from my experience : strengths : - - enthusiasm , which gives them great energy and a fun-loving personality - - curiosity - - wit - - creativity - - gung-ho mentality ( which i suppose goes along with the ... i think the entire project of the republic is an fe fantasy . probably an fe-ni fantasy . it's all about creating the ideal social order . well , i'd first say that only analytic philosophy is ti based . otherwise , one can make heavy use of ni and even fe . i would say that plato's republic is fe dominant . i majored in philosophy ... no , i understand that completely . i was out with a guy once-istp-and we were doing a lot of walking and of course my feet were hurting but i wouldn't just stop for a rest . finally he said we were ... so , my sister is an estp and one of the main things that i notice that she has always had and i do not , is a very keen sense of what is in her own best interest . people , places , whatever . she ... interesting that you put it this way . i've noticed in the past that i tend to be very organized about my relationships in that , where some people are obsessive about making sure all of their ... when i was a kid and young teen , i was very preoccupied with fitting in and becoming well liked and popular . and yet , i was always terrible at fitting in , terrible at not being myself . some people ... will--estp ( but i will give a nod to esfp ) . i think he's a t because he is always scheming ... that's like every episode . i really don't see much n in will's character at all . phil--estj ... will--estp ( but i will give a nod to esfp ) . i think he's a t because he is always scheming ... that's like every episode . phil--estj vivian ( new ) - - isfj vivian ( old ) - - infj carlton--istj ... i am an infj , a christian , seriously considered religious life ( ordination , religious orders ) , and was spiritual / religious ( of my own volition ) as a child . this is more or less what i've seen . the two male enfjs i know were pretty popular people-persons , charming , funny , etc . neither showed problems fitting in . i don't think men necessarily have to ... my thoughts about this are that infjs , or ns in general , probably would feel most comfortable in a culture that is more n dominant , whether extraverted or introverted . as ni is the infj's primary ... so , i actually meant jon rather than jamie , but i'm not sure about jamie either . te is fundamentally about external order . it's observations are about the things that te is concerned with . ti ... i'm not trying to be argumentative , but i don't see much te in jamie at all . when ? where ? then again , maybe this is a difference between the books and the show . i've read the books ( through # 3 , in # 4 now ) . and i don't know that i'd say he's an istj . i don't think his dominant process is te at all and i doubt he's a t more generally . i would sooner say isfj . yes to the bold . i am confronting this tendency within myself--the self-sabotage related to fear of success . i agree that fear of success is a proxy fear for fear of other things , including ... i'm just now realizing that a couple of dear male friends are esfj types . they are very dear to my heart , even when their faults are clear . another one is an isfj . these men have hearts of gold . ... this is pretty much what i was going to say . i think infjs fall into the ni-ti loop ( or more simply , their own worlds ) because se is not there to ground them in concrete reality . if fe is used ... so i only recently figured out the real difference between fi and fe , and having done so , it makes so much sense of the ways i've been offended by people in the past . generally i am not quick to ... i am the oldest . i've discovered more lately that my behavior is much less fixed than i would have believed about myself according to what i would claim is right in a situation . i abhor hypocrisy , so i don't ... i support decriminalization , but not legalization per se . decriminalization meaning possession would be tantamount to a speeding ticket . maybe possession over a certain amount could be fined . the ... i didn't say it was bunk . not in the least . i said that you cannot have mb without jung . myers and briggs intentionally built the mbti to reflect or operationalize jung's cognitive functions . ... myers-briggs doesn't work without the cognitive functions . mbti is only the type indicator , not the system itself and the types only confirm the cognitive process ordering . i don't think there's a ... so , i haven't actually watched the show . i have read the books ( 1-3 ) . to jump into the more heated points , i have to say that i think tyrion is definitely an entp , and at the least , in no way ... i found an extroverted sensing exercise online . http://www.psychological-types.com/TB/E/dev/ES.pdf i'm bumping this old thread because i've been thinking about art lately and realizing that it seems that infps are not naturally inclined to focus much on physical detail , given that extroverted ... interesting chart . so by cognitive process breakdown according to what processes dominate in each type , it looks like introverted judging ( ti or fi ) , followed by extroverted intuition ( ne ) , followed ... regarding whether the question is meaningful , it seems to be about as meaningful as psychological type theory is . forget iq , why talk about type ? it's just discussion that might help some people to ... i agree . what iq generally refers to is someone's ability to assimilate information . there's a concept out there called the g factor which is almost like computer processing speed : how ... '