' omg , my head is going to explode from this conversation . i recently had a heated debate about fashion with an intj guy i was dating . his manner of dressing like more of a geriatric than my - almost 60 ... some of them , i find it comforting to be around b / c i feel so at ease . others are fucking exhausting in their miserliness and just general overall know-it-all demeanors . i would probably consider that a betrayal if the post was made without your having bothered to discuss the matter with me first , rather than having resorted to seeking anonymous advice . it would feel ... going on the assumption that the person in question is someone i love and / or care very much about , i will apologize sincerely for having done something to make them feel that way , and i will make a ... i personally , while easily frustrated , very rarely show it , and very rarely get truly angry . i recently dated another intj for a few weeks , and he sounds a lot like your husband . i couldn't stand ... also , this . you don't need to tip-toe around me , ever . seriously , just don't . i not only do not need your coddling , but it is also woefully unwelcomed . i cannot stress the significance of the above post by lilysocks enough . if i say i don't know exactly what's wrong , or that i don't want to talk about it , i am not being a passive aggressive cunt who ... meaning , wherever you may find it . well , the problem , you see , is that when we go out and use our se , it's kind of half-assed se , which results in some pretty epic fails . i try really hard to get all things prepared for a party , for ... i have a strong sense of aesthetics and appreciate beautiful things , even well-cut clothes , etc . i constantly narrowly avoid ( sometimes fail to avoid ) running into inanimate objects , even such ... i'm an intj with adhd . i've been getting treatment for it since i was about 18 ( 31 , now ) , and i initially thought i may have been an intp b / c of my struggles with organization and staying on task ... lol , well , i'd say i have a thing for deviance , not badness . distinctive difference , here . you should not look for an intj woman to be your sugar momma unless you've got some kind of - between the ... the point is they're going to do it , anyway . you only control you . reading of all kinds , baking , cooking , learning new things , painting , obsessively researching whatever my latest , frequently changing interest is at that moment , drinking ( booze , preferably ) & having ... i do the only thing i can do: make sure that i'm not contributing by putting more shit out there . fuck yes , i would . i'm awesome . but seriously , after my last relationship w / an enfp ended so spectacularly , i think someone like me would be a refreshing change of pace . what , you want to make plans ... i do it to take a break from the monotony of my job , most days . i find it helps to reset my brain a little , but no indication of improved cognition that i can tell . i've done it for over a year . shit , i was gonna say this . well , i guess i won't be doing it for a while now , anyway , so i'd better find something else fun to do . what about something that could combine your personal ties with medicine with your loves of writing and policy , etc ? you could write hospital and / or healthcare policy . or you could become a political ... i don't think that at this stage of my life , i could justify and / or live with having abortion , but i certainly could've in the past when i was younger , and i think women should have the right to ... sorry i'm not really answering the post right now , but , do not go to law school . saying it doesn't have very high job prospects is the understatement of the century . your intelligence and talents ... thank you . i feel the same things you are expressing , here . i did actually give him ample opportunity to explain before jumping to conclusions . also , i was even willing to give him a chance to seek ... i have no idea what to make of any of this , but it made me laugh . :p roud : haha , welll , unfortunately he is not interested in growing into a better person . i quote , i'm ok with my psychological damage remaining untreated ! this is a ship that is sinking and i am not about ... i can tell you that i am hyper intuitive , and i have no less than begged him to confide in me and communicate his feelings on countless occasions . you can't force someone who is determined to see the ... i have to tell you , i am in 100 % agreement with you on all of this . he of course tries to deny that he has any problems whatsoever , and in the end , i feel sorry for him . i am grieving the wonderful ... ha , well , i can agree with this second part , mostly . i do not think he would've been caught by most other women b / c the intuition we have just makes us pick up on little things most ppl would never ... this made my day . : happy : this made my day . : happy : are you sure i didn't write this post ? just saying , maybe you broke into my brain or something and then passed it off as yours ... i have no desire to have biological children . being pregnant ... any insights you all may be able to provide for me into what would lead to such behaviors and / or how i may be able to recognize signs that something is amiss w / someone before wasting over 4 years of ... welll , i've got to believe that not everyone is shit , since i know i'm not , and i can't be the only one ! but yeah , it's fucking deflating to repeatedly have your trust betrayed by someone you ... hahaha , well , the truth is , as an enfp , it actually does really hurt him every time i rant to him about how horrible he made me feel . he doesn't want to hear it b / c it's painful for him to have to ... thanks , i guess that i'm out of bed & getting ready for work today is as good a start as any ! heh , yesterday , i called in sick . i legitimately did feel sick , in my defense , but , i think im a little ... this is all really sound advice , & much appreciated . i plan to make an appt with a therapist tomorrow . i will need to go around and remove reminders , as well . i can't bear any emotional setbacks . thanks , that actually feels good to hear . it is , epically so . it still feels surreal , like it can't possibly be happening to me . yeah , earlier i sent him a rant e-mail just b / c i had to ... thanking whatever gods may be out there that i grew up with a father who idolized my mother , and would be so heartbroken if he knew about this , that i doubt he could get over it . it will still be ... the incredible part of it is really that i don't think he has any guilt ! he just feels badly that he hurt me , but not for his actions , basically . he had no remorse while he was having sex with these ... thanks , it's really helpful just to be reaffirmed that you're on the right track , at least . but seriously , about my being a likeable person , he said : you're totally awesome , and brilliant , and ... any advice on how to cope with such a terrible experience as this is much appreciated . i posted this on the intj forum , but thought i may be able to get some insights from more non-intjs here , as ... for me , it can really go either way . for example , i just found out my boyfriend of 4 yrs cheated on me for several months with numerous women , and i have not left my house since friday . : sad : so , in ... i've come to believe that people who do not share this state of being just will never fully understand . we don't know how we know , we just do ! it's so hard to find that proper balance where you ... this is so true . at 30 , i've finally learned that it's ok for a friend to compliment , but when they do it in a comparison , the friendship will always be unbalanced , and thus , not a friendship at all ... omg , are you me ? i am an opportunistic sexual being , but this is limited to my romantic partner . when i have no one special in my life , i practically never think about sex ; however , when in a relationship , my sex ... it was new to me as well , i assure you . i only found out when my first friend to have a baby informed me . she was naturally incredulous , as she was taught 9 months , as well . i personally have no ... try 10 months , buddy ( yeah , my friends were surprised to learn this upon their 1st pregnancies , too ) . i was thinking the exact same thing , hahaha . ermmm , wtf is that ? is what i'd expect to get , if anything at all ... for all the things i love about tx , there are as many facepalm inducing ... not to derail this quality discussion , but , i thought it was only appropriate to inform you , one chanceyrose , that presumptuous made my day , and i'm forging immediate plans to execute the ... accidental duplicate post ; sorry . '