i'm mostly interested in hints as to how to make myself understandable to people of types that differ from my likely type - especially on the s / n and p / j-dichotomies . could be with regards to dating ... i would be interested in any high-quality resources that might help my understanding of my type and that of others ; how to work with and around them . i suppose we could continue this on pm ? you've ... you're not one for hard and fast conclusions , are you ? within the cognitive functions paradigm , you went from me being intp , because of me wandering subjects pretty well and therefor having auxiliary ... ha ! well , well ... i'm scandinavian , danish , and i think the tendency to suppress feeling among males is a bit less strong here than in the us . still , i'm sure there is bit of the ... i have written this post over a couple of days , so if the tone of voice in it seems inconsistent and changing - that's why . the post is divided into three parts , each aimed at each of the posters to ... now , when i first started searching for my type on this board , the first questionnaire led to a conclusion of ' very strong ti ' ; the intp or istp-type , with a leaning towards intp because of what i ... okay , let's go about this another way . i do believe that looking at the dichotomies with regards to typing is a relevant way to go about it . the problem is - if you just look at the letters , ... i'm sure you're an unique individual , just as darklands is , with all sorts of wonderful strengths , horrible weaknesses and interesting personality traits . that is completely irrelevant , however .  ... the types that would have inferior ne would be those with dominant si - that is , isfj and istj . 1 . test 2 . test average 76-100 fi , si fi , si fi , si i think that it's interesting that you identify so much as an ' f ' and answer these tests as if there's no doubt you're an f , and that you keep the option open of being anything but a ' feeling ' ... sounds very inferior ni to me . i'll buy the majority of the rest of your analysis . estp . i'm not trying to lecture you . i do think you are being a bit blind , though . it's not a matter of treating people like ' special little snowflakes ' . it's a matter of understanding the fact that not everyone sees , interprets and judges the world , and their experiences , in the ... that's a bit ... gut hunches aren't always intuition ; what one interprets as gut hunches isn't always the same from person to person . it is the character of the gut hunches that's important , and ... i'm not sure i agree completely , but that's mainly due to lack of information . i'm leaning towards the op being extraverted , having a stronger thinking than feeling function , having se somewhere in ... i'll go through this post , answer by answer , and write what i believe i see in each of them . when i'm not sure what to make out of an answer , i'll keep myself from commenting on it . q3 : seems to ... you don't think making this kind of judgment on such sparse information is a bit silly ? i mean , what do you imagine could have gone on inside her head ? anyway . to the op . now , i might just enjoy ... if you are in doubt about whether you are an istp or an infp , it is quite likely that you are neither . as far as introverted rationals go , this is as different as they get . no functions in common , ... do you have a question ? typing in this forum is usually done by the op answering one of the stickied questionnaires and posting it in a new thread , and other posters replying on the basis of that . ... you're focusing on action rather than cognition , while cognition is the central focus of this theory . going by the functions you mention , only intp would really fit ; ti , ne and si are the first three ... i have to agree that the there seems to be a lot of fi and te , but the te doesn't seem to be very healthily handled in that there's a great deal of sensitivity to it . given that the op identifies a ... sure . that and your answer to question 10 suggests inferior fe , which would make you either an istp or an intp . of those two , i would lean towards istp for you , as it looks like you also do . could you try to explain more in depth what you mean by 9b ? it points in two slighty different directions . can i trust this as reason enough ? i relatively rarely experience situations like these , as i have either lived in a quiet town or at the outskirts of a small city all of my life , not getting myself ... i enjoy the recents posts of and on this part of the forum , so i'm tagging you two , hoping for you to answer . others are more than welcome to post , too . 0 . is there anything that ... how do you relate to the two thinking functions , te and ti ? if you are mostly in doubt about whether you're a ti or ne dom , and some evidence points in either direction , i would go with ne 90 % of the time , simply because ti can have a tendency to swallow up ... if you want other people's thoughts as to what type you might be , i would suggest filling out one of the questionnaires . oh , and don't read too much into the broad , general descriptions of the ... it isn't just about remembering things . it's more about , well , recognizing previous experiences and comparing and contrasting them to present experiences . if you had a strong preference for si , you ... i don't have a strong opinion on your type , even though arkigos makes a good case for estp . i just have one comment here . i would consider this to have more to do with si than se . se is more ' in ... because it looked like inferior fi , rather than inferior ti or si . you don't seem to have any issues with your thinking function ; it rather seems to be something that you define yourself by , which ... soren aabye ? how peculiar , considering your interest in moral philosophy . is this a coincidence ? if this is true , you would be a rather clear extravert . entj or estj , perhaps . i'm sure you know this , but i've read you write something like this twice , so i feel a need to clarify something : you can only have one dominant function that is ' dominating ' your cognitition .  ... you seem like a pe-dominant to me , more se than ne though . all that impulsivity , taking enjoyment in new experiences , how you really seem to embrace those se-heavy moments . it doesn't seem like how ... being an exfj means that your dominant function is fe , extraverted feeling , and therefor that the inferior function is introverted thinking . e means that the dominant function is extraverted , j means ... i think your feeling-function is too prominent for it to be anything but dominant . if you're sure that you're an extrovert , then you're an exfj of some sort . oh , how i search for words . i'll stick to what was the one thing i felt certain about when i read this at first : inferior fe , and thus dominant introverted thinking ; ti . independence of ... well , yes . perhaps i forgot to come out up with half of my reasoning . the reason for my protest was the fact that the way you worded it made fe sound completely uncrystallised - as if it never got a ... these two things are not the same thing . while people with a strong preference for fe will certainly adjust their behaviour accordingly to the atmosphere of the group , they will not necessarily be ... this won't be a very thorough answer . i'm going to say isfp . your approach to things seems to be mostly a like / dislike thing , coming from a personal stand-point . taking things mostly as they are - ... introverted sensing , i would say . so , more ne . i agree completely . which is why i was a bit puzzled about your comments on her answer to question 12 ; a person with a strong preference for ti has great use for written communication precisely ... could you explain what you mean by ' disconnected from reality ' and how this doesn't or does fit you ? here's a standard request on this forum : could you please fill out one of the questionnaires from one of the stickies and post it in this thread ? as you already had guessed , you don't give enough ... i've had similar experiences with the test on keirsey.com ; it's the only website that has these tests , that i know of , that actually allows one to go back to look at prior results later and , well , on ... i haven't read anything in what you have written that convinces me that you are an intp or entp . could you please fill out one of the questionnaires , to help us get some idea of how you think ? looking at the title and reading through some of the thread gives me the sense that style or appearance is understood as just one thing here , and that the motivation behind this is relatively similar ... really not much to go in , which typically makes me consider an esxp of some sort , because of what appears to be someone rushing through things . a horrible stereotype , i know . not seeing much feeling ... let's look at the letters in mbti . take intp as an example . n tells us that the strongest perception function is intuition , t that the strongest judging function is thinking . i tells us that the ...