' well i can very much relate to this post because i had a heck of a time in my high school years trying desperately to be someone else - see , as a young teen i realized that the boys i liked weren't ... i agree with you . i was always sooo creative as a child , but as i've grown up , my creativity seems to be dwindling . i took an art course in college and my creativity was at an all time high . then i ... mostly enfps . i just met a girl recently and we clicked instantly .. she was so positive and sweet , bubbly and inspiring - i think she has to be an enfp . i'm really into photography and my hubby bought me a digital slr ... best gift ever ! but it is on the expensive side . a gift that relates to a girl's interests can never go wrong . oh and i'm very ... well actually , i do get this nagging feeling to want to explore / go have an adventure ... like travel or go backpacking or something . im always nagging my hubby to do stuff like that ... but he's more ... are isfp less sexually permissive ? to an extent , yes . i am not ' anything goes ' but i am open to ideas and willing to explore , with boundaries . are isfp very monogamous ? yes . what are isfp ' s ... i was a wild child ... and had way more confidence back then ... i was more of a leader than a follower , i was more popular and a brat at times .. my mom says i was difficult ... and i was ... then i grew up ... i'm pretty much a textbook isfp . i pretended not to be for most of my adolescence because i just tried to fit in with everyone else , but that didn't get me too far and now i am comfortable in my ... odd ... i am isfp and i don't need lots of space ... in fact i am more of the clingy , smothering type * guilty * than the type who needs space in the relationship . i eat meat . i do not eat macdonalds meat , however , because i don't believe that it's real food . i don't eat macdonalds , period . or lots of other fast food ... it grosses me out . but there is nothing ... hmm ... well , i'm definitely very sensitive to light - i always squint or frown if i'm not wearing sunglasses ... even when it's not sunny . i am very aware of sounds that other's are oblivious to . i am ... bahaha ... im laughing because i relate completely to this post . ive gone to college for art , now i'm in university for english and not enjoying it ... probably switching to environmental studies ... i'm ... well , in the beginning stages : life is all roses ... creativity just flows out of every pore ... you have a permanent smile on your face ... nothing can bring you down . ahhh ... love . i am the youngest of 3 , and the only girl . that's backwards . the majority of professional photographers i've come across are actually males . i find this very interesting because i am opposite - how the person i'm with treats others is very important to me . i don't want to be with someone who's a jerk to others ... seeing someone be kind and ... i think that generally , isfps are closet adrenaline junkies ! i definitely have a sense of adventure , but i can be really cautious / nervous with things i'm not familiar with . on my honeymoon i tried a few things i'd never done before , including white water ... lmao - this is so funny because i have never really enjoyed sports on tv - my hubby , by contrast , is a total jock & loves sports . he'll be watching a game and i'll be in the same room , on my laptop ... photography , photoshop , fitness , going on nature walks ( is that considered a hobby ? ! ) , reading , movies , coffee shop dates with friends i think the artistic quality can manifest in various ways ... it doesn't have to be through painting or drawing , it could be musical , it could be culinary , it could be in drama , singing , writing , ... right back atcha . i feel the exact same . yay you sound exactly like me ... must be an isfp thing . i want to work with animals too . ditto here . sooo true ! we hide ! :P i actually don't know for sure ... my music library is in the 7000 ' s + , and i listen to pretty much all genres ... i want to say it would probably be 50/50 . for example , i like a lot of trance and ... pretty much any vid on tastefullyoffensive.com very interesting comments & perspectives . i read a book on introvert-praisal that was very interesting ... they did suggest to embrace being an introvert over ' trying ' to be more like everyone else ... i liked the blue one because of the blue imagery , reminded me of sky / sea and i love nature . morals are very important . there are some things that just ' need ' to be similar in relationships , and if you ask me , morals is up there on the list . i'm married and i know ( not sure if you are or ... i've tried ... trust me . and i am very extroverted with people i'm comfortable with - family , friends & my husband . but it's in situations at work and stuff that it can get in the way . and it's not ... well ... everything you just said here sounds exactly like me and i am isfp . yes , especially when you come from a family of geniuses who are all doing something fantastic & useful with their lives and doing productive things for humanity ... which i come from , and i have done ... totally agree . i'm in the mood to vent . sometimes , being introverted in an extrovert-dominated world sucks . most things , it seems , are tailored towards e's . e's seem to be more successful in life , get hired more ... absolutely , 100 % , yes ! and i don't have any good advice because i experience the same thing all the time and i worry that i am not socially inept and that there's something wrong with me that pushes ... still trying to figure it out . english . bored of it . want to switch into something environmental . anthropology . check out wade davis ' book the wayfinders . you're definitely not alone . i feel very similar ... i hate the idea of working for a conventional job . i love the idea of freedom and travel . however i just got married in the summer and that kind of ... does anyone else do this chronically ? i swear , it's like a disease . i will start so many projects , or ideas , or activities ... and then halfway through get bored and just quit or put it off . i have ... i totally do this too . i have about 8 books on the go that i haven't finished . why do we do this ? ! * throws big hug back at you enfps ! * let me put it this way : i love games that do not deal with logic / math . i hate chess . i love word games . i love angry birds too ... does that count ? oh and i love cranium :) that completely describes me too . i often think i won't be happy unless i'm self-employed , because i can't stand taking orders and having a boss breathing down my neck - i am too independent - but at ... my hubby's best friend is an enfp and i really really ' click ' with him - he's awesome . so light-hearted and optimistic . i met another enfp once and we hit it off right away - really friendly people ... agreed . people that hunt just for the sake of hunting and don't eat what they kill are evil >:( also , i don't like when people hunt baby animals .. like baby deer , bunnies etc . it just doesn't seem ... i am currently reading : the wayfinders : why ancient wisdom matters in the modern world by wade davis it's all about the indigenous cultures and what it means to be human and be alive ... its ... wow ... you sound eerily exactly like me . i feel like i used to be incredibly creative , but it's all sucked dry now . that totally sounds like me too ... i was always very artistic and creative , but ... being able to fly in dreams rocks ! :D i love it . and the cat thing too ... i have a very picky cat ... she only like laying on my husband , not me , so when she comes to me - which is rare - it's awesome . '