' smoked about 15 cigarettes per day for six years , now it's the third month i don't touch a cigarette ... but since i was born i'm living surrounded by heavy smokers , so i will probably die thanks to ... thanks ! thanks for the help , lady :) yes , i've played with ne a lot in that sense and it is one of the reason why i'm asking here - i don't know where the game finish . i can't stand when people can't see the face of reality . i'm not ... for an instance i believed i used ni because the inward direction : in my inner world i find me a lot to change interpretation of things that already exist than add new information , but then i ... hi to all , it's been a while i'm playing with mbti , but i'm never really sure what type i am and what cognitive functions i use the most ( i think i've understood them , but it's difficult to be sure ... yes , enneagram do a lot , but what merehuman refers to is fi-te vs ti-fe ... i think . our values aren't something that have to be accepted and debated outside with other people . remember , fi is an ... welcome ! :) first of all - welcome ! :) as goatboat says , infp generally try to avoid conflicts and arguments . if you have something to tell to an infp , well be soft and light as possible - in particular we are ... so ... what do you think is brmc's mbti ? not of member , but the entire group . they issue a sad-istp vibe to me , but i'm not sure . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HAZSz2kBpIQ ... i have loved goro miyazaki's films , in particular his last ! :) it would be interesting but before gurdjieff the enneagram and relatives theories were esoteric doctrines , so only the started to certain groups would know it - also these theories were handed down ... i'm going to see that film ! i love with all my heart japanese animation , they're very infpish imo . miyazaky ( master of japanese's animation ) is the king of japanese's infp , he's like the old cute ... overwhelmed and unfilled at the same time . since i have memory . but i'm working to be filled and not overwhelmed , really . there are up and down , sometimes is easy , sometimes hard - isn't life about ... it was posted by a member on this forum few days ago ( sorry , i can't remeber who you are : frustrating : ) , anyway , hope it will help : rethinking judging & perceiving in ips & ijs - personality junkie sorry , i expressed myself badly , with dishonest i meant ... ok wrong words . i don't know how to say it in english , but i meant that in friendship and relationship things are slightly different ; ... i'm in the same situation as you . i improve my artistic side doing exercise ( draw , even when you aren't in the mood , also silly things ) and be more self-confident ( low self-esteem here ); we are ... i have to say that i don't even understand connection's between how extroversts act and their feeling , i'm really really introverts so i can't know how it feels to be in their shoes . anyway , i will ... she told me that in a serious way ... we were talking about her boyfriend and she went out with this , it destabilized me a bit . so this energy between she and me is just the usually feeling to hang ... hi to all , i need an advice about an enfp girl . i have been friend with this girl , we have a brillant friendship , we connect each other so easily that every second with her is the nearest thing to ... so ... how do you enfp behave when you have a crush ? i know this enfp girl with which i have a brillant friendship , we get along very well , but i can't understand whethever she wants something more ... you aren't precise enough ... the best thing you can do is study cognitive function . in my opinion this is the only way to really know what's your type , also , if you know cognitive function and doesn't ... oh yes , everyone's welcome in dreamland , but ... we infps are major wizards here ! : cool : i think is an ixxp thing , maybe more for inxp :) i can only think to this genre of things in very long and vague terms ... example : in my life i want to be good in poetry . then i just drive my action with improvisation and feelings . also , my goals ... thanks to all for the answers ! :) actually i enjoy doing meditation , i prefer it to yoga ... but i think that the two things have much in common . there isn't a better way , just what you prefer ... me too . my mind start to think their motivation , then their personality , then their story ... everything is overwhelmed by a sweet saddness and melancholy / nostalgy ... : happy : mother ( isfp ) + father ( estp ) = me ( infp ) maternal side : grandmother ( isfj ) + grandfather ( estp ) = 1 ° daughter ( estj ) 2 ° daughter ( isfp ) paternal side : grandmother ( esfp ) + grandfather ( istj ) = ... infp . raised chatholic , then atheist , now something . i see the spirituality as something as free and personal , i am generally suspicious about institutionalized / dogmatic religions , however i find ... infp i don't like when people laugh to physical lacking of someone , but i like sarcastic or absurd humor , make strange connections with others ' ideas . in general i don't like comedians , humor must ... when i write prose i feel like i can't really comunicate emotions , i try to do it with meanings , structures and plot . actually i'm better at poetry / song where i can use words trascending their common ... i love any animal , but cats are - whoa , they are perfect ! dogs are cool , but their way to show you love is a bit too much for me , also i don't love that they are always around you ( i need to be alone ... can i ask some advices in this post ? it don't deserve a new thread , and it is related to this too . every day i see a guy on my bus , a lot of things suggest me he is an isfp . when i stare at him he ... do . i'm not the best artist , not even an half good , but i'm young and one of the few things i've understood in my life is that i love art . there are other important things in life , sure , but for me ... thanks ! i will go to read ne / ni differences again , there must be something i haven't understood well :) have a nice day you too ! :) hi to all , i'm pretty sure i'm an infp , but i recently took a cognitive test and the result was : fi ( 12.8 ) , ni (8 . 6 ) , ne (8 . 4 ) , fe ( 5.3 ) , si ( 4 ) , te ( 1.5 ) , se ( 1.4 ) , ti ( -1.7 ) . someone can explain ... i'm usually with the head in the clouds , absorbed in my mind and in my internal world , so people have always seen me as a introverted-gruff boy , the get the fuck off type of person , when instead ... i don't know if i can told me artist , but i love every form of art , in particular music , writing ( poetry and short tales ) and painting , and i have experienced synaesthesia too : notes , colors , ... evening to all , i'm the only infp here to doing yoga ? it relaxes and helps me to find interior peace and happiness , also it makes me more comfortable with my body and less detached from reality ... i'm baptized ( christian catholic ) but i haven't belived in a god untill 17 , now i find myself in panteism integrated with science . however i have never been in agreement with established religions . thanks <3 ( yes , i'm crying :') ) edit : sorry , double post . well , i can say that it isn't so easy , but sometimes a voice , a post like this can make the difference : thanks . today i was going to hurt myself , after a long time , but i haven't done it , thanks to a ... if you like camus , you would also like jean paul sarte ( also , if you like the existentialism-french charme you must see henri , le chat noir on youtube ;) ) :p roud : welcome to perc ! :) starting from the assumption that creativity depends by the idea that we have of creativity and it is not correllated to a stereotype - mbti can only suggest whom type is much more predisposed to the ... i live in italy , architecture and art are wonderful ( although the governement doesn't care about the mainteinance and to support new artist ) , but people is ... like every place there's good people , of ... welcome :) welcome from an infp :) welcome , another infp here too :) is it a normal thing to change from healthy and unhealthy and viceversa in a distance of few days ? : shocked : '