' i loved all the light we cannot see by anthony doerr , it's a pretty recent book ( came out in may ) but it was simply amazing . the strange and beautiful sorrows of ava lavender - leslye walton http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ObGlgJPCZj4 my family would want me to save the 2 billion people , i would make the same choice . it would be horrible either way . i don't put much stock in numerology but i figured it couldn't hurt to try and it seemed like fun :) anyway : birth force number : 7 destiny number : 6 personality number : 11 soul urge ... doctor who ( absolute favourite ) supernatural glee bones csi the voice of holland big bang theory death note ( and other animes ) mythbusters derren brown shows hmm i was bulllied from 12 to 15 , it was never anything physical . it were comments on my clothes , my hair , my personality everything basically . i was tall and shy , so i kinda stood out . there was one ... fantasy is absolutely my favourite gene :) i like sci-fi a lot as well . other genres are psychological , contemporary sometimes but really i don't stick to one particular genre . i prefer books though ... yeah my ring finger is a little bit longer , not too much though https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LrnI7_ogOKI i'm a book as well :) i suppose the thing that i would have like to have known or be reassured about is that in the world , what counts more than talent , what counts more than energy or concentration or commitment or ... i am usually very very hesitant in believing in alternative medicines . the fact that there still hasn't been any convincing evidence for practices such as homeopathy , reflexology etc . doesn't really ... i see part of my garden , the roof of a neighbours house and beyond that our water tower , it's more like a single castle tower with a huge antennea on the roof . oh and currently it's twilight outside . i do too , i have set such a high bar from myself and i expect so much from myself that i'm afraid of making any big mistakes . it's not so bad that i won't do something because i am afraid of failure ... some failure in lifeufeff is inevitable . it is impossible to live without failing at something , unless you've lived so cautiously that you might as well have not lived at all . in which case , you fail by ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_7r_ZyY13UA hugely disappointed , didn't got accepted for a program i signed up for via school . i'll get over it though ... i would force him to go and travel through the kingdom to meet and talk with the local population and to learn of local culture and the differences between culture and customs trough the kingdom . ... let's see - i worry too much - feel different from others ( even though i'm probably not ) - feeling extremely uncomfortable and out of place at parties ( i rarely go to one , because it is solo ... this is exactly how i feel , it's like when i'm with friends or with anyone really that something of ' me ' is missing or subconsciously hidden .. i don''t know i'm just different ... i'm about to strangle a pillow . it isn't even three days into the new school year and already i'm overloaded with homework , irritations , sports , extracurricular activities and general annoyances . the ... it's easier for me to accept help for small things ( everyday things ) , i usually believe that the people who offer help genuinely want to help me and usually i let them help . if i feel that someone is ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hW93CV6m-JU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qz7NT7WUA_0&feature=fvsr i love the amelie soundtrack , it's just so ... so beautiful . it's one example of many :) i really like listening to soundtracks of good ... i'm not sure if i'm the right person to give advice as i'm only 16 myself but i'll try . it seems that your mother is quite strict in telling you what you are allowed to do . i'd suggest to have a ... i agree , i also think that people differ radically in how they were raised and how that affected their believe . my parents are non-religious , i went to a public school which didn't pay attention to ... i don't think they are mutually exclusive , you can be nice and fair . besides , it is kind of an unfair question because being ' fair ' will appeal to people more because of its meaning . these days nice ... no not with music , i do have something similar with letters though . if i think of an e for example it will always be green in my mind , a is red , o is blue , i is white , u is yellow etc . i cannot see ... i was a very sensitive child when i was younger . like most other infj's i loved imaginary games more than concrete games like football . i was very lucky in this sense because i had some friends who ... hello everyone , after a massive amount of lurking , i have finally decided to use this account and introduce myself . i'm koen , 16 years old ( still young :) ) currently still in school with ... thanks :P that cheered me up . i love autumn when the leaves get those beautiful colours . 46358 it is an interesting topic , and a dangerous one , i've seen so many heated discussions on the internet that i hope that this one will remain civil . that being said and having read most comments i have ... annoyed ... with my life today ... and my internet connection which keeps having blackouts . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbMWnaD3fhI hmm , i dislike lying and i'd much rather tell the truth but i might tell a white lie if i feel that the truth isn't mine to share with someone . like if one of my friends is lying about something to ... hmm , i like a cappuccino once in a while , but there my tolerance for coffee ends . i like cats though , i don't have one but sometimes some of the cats in the neigboorhood take a stroll through the ... fionn - masculine meaning fair or white ugh that is so ... terrible . i mean just what ? ! imagine it everyone thought like that ... hmmm , i'm pretty good with languages . i speak english and dutch fluently and i'm able to hold a modest conversation in french . strangely enough i was terrible at german . i can understand most of it ... hmmm , difficult question . i seem to be able to recall from early childhood pretty well , but only if i specifically think about it . sometimes memories just pop into my head because of something i see , ... early bird . i hate waking up later than 9am , it feels like i'm waisting precious time even if i don't always do anything useful with it . 6am is routine for me at normal week days but in the ... only eyes because i'm paranoid . : wink : 45996 i'm 16 as well :P morning person all the way :) , especially in the summer and spring when it is already light outside . i can't sleep in later than 8 o clock . '