' apparently , i always flirt without even realising it . however if i am interested in someone i will just simply tell them . i'm very social and prefer to be myself . so even with one on one time i'll ... personally i'm not in favour of letting your cat outside ( as in , outside to roam wherever ) for health reasons for my cats and because my country is very densely populated so they could get hurt ... dear anonymous , i tell you that i'm ok , that i don't worry , that i know you'll be safe when you're on deployment . none of it is true . i am worried out of my mind , i am absolutely not ok and i am ... how old are these girls ? during puberty everyone is insecure because of social standards and perception . as we're growing up we ( hopefully ) learn to love ourselves for who we are and accept ourselves ... in my experience , people talk . not to gossip or what not but because some things can weigh heavily on someone . you might want advice in how to deal with certain things . e . g . your ex may have had an ... and i can't stop watching this video while missing my fiancé . only 601 days left to spend behind the glass wall . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DRkgH7Uu-hA dear universe / karma , thank you for giving me that break i needed so badly . thank you for kicking off the series of events that led me to being happily in love and engaged . i have one favour to ... i have a hard time staying focused on one game . it also doesn't help that the evil publishers tend to publish the games i like with only a few months between them . i have managed finishing some ... i was completely and utterly convinced that this is how it worked with the cows xd dear universe , see , it's not hard being nice once in a while . now where's this spring time of the year that we've been promised eh eh eh ? ! oh , sounds like fun ! hit me up =D i've been obsessing about orcs must die ! 2 . it's a wonderful game with a co-op option . something strangely satsifying about plotting the untimely demise of hordes and hordes of orcs . if anyone ... i'm usually up for a chat if i am not slaying hordes of orcs . hit me up on skype ( lostara.yil ) or on steam ( lexi snoot ) . or , join me in the awesome fun of witnessing , and being the caus of , the ... ^ this ... qft . dear universe / karma , i've persevered , endured and tackled everything you threw at me for the past 16 years . it'd be nice if you'd give me a mothaffing break right now . ktnxbai i can only speak from my own experiences and from what i've gathered on the forum so far . it's possible that due to her past relationships she's just scared of committing again . the fear of being ... * prods intj forum * here's the mind of an enfp child ; cow that gives milk 66981 cow that gives chocolate milk 66982 well , i tend to look for a way out of a relationship when i find that my so gets close to me . i've been told i'm a tough nut to crack . i am unsure whether this is due to my extremely disastrous and ... and i really need hugs in these sad sad times =( love , the irresistable desire to be irresistably desired . so true ... my job is creating order out of chaos , as a coworker so aptly put it . the thing is with this job , you basically have to be insane to like it . so i guess that fits with the enfp thing =P seriously ... me and zee kittah ! http://i175.photobucket.com/albums/w144/tattertaru/Fotos/545999_10150784302633760_1095245193_n.jpg when you're the only one who can see past the angry emotions and try to understand why someone did what they did . only to then try and explain it to everyone else . yeah , this thread pretty much sums it all up for me . i've found that the change from happy to withdrawn can happen quite suddenly and is a rather large drop which i find difficult to deal with . from ... dear anonymous , when we , all of your friends , heard that you committed suicide we all fell apart . you were so young , only 41 years old . none of us realised the depth of your despair . how that ... d'awwr ... all of the wuffles <3 i'm a ' resource manager ' as they call it here . basically i'm responsible for the availability of field support engineers and resident engineers . it's quite interesting because you need to be highly ... dear anonymous , damn you for bringing that back up . i wanted to stab you in the eye and punch you in the face for that . that's all . ^ that . let me clarify my post . i do assume that there will be a modicum of common sense . if you suddenly decide to hop on a plane to go somewhere , yeah make sure you do have the money and can ... tridentus that's exactly it . it's a mindset and it just happens . although i think enfps are likely the instigators of spontaneous actions and inspire everyone else to just go along with it . xemilyx ... or pen pal as in , instant messenger chats , perc chats ? the lyrics , the image , the remix <3 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvkzBUUGR_I my dearest , you are simply amazing ;) truthfully ? i would approach that person just as a mission to make that person smile . there will be poking and prodding at this person to understand why they seem to not be enjoying themselves . i ... tastes like triangle , smells like lemon and sounds like banana . me me me me me ! add me ! that is me ... i will go hang my head in shame and be very excited about it ! how did i not spot this thread sooner ? = o 1 . in which european country are you ? netherlands 2 . what's your area of study / profession ( doesn't have to be too specific ) resource manager for a big ... you're very welcome ! =D yes , i find that's how it works for me . it's like the whole poem is in my head already and just needs to find it's way to a medium of choice . basically it's your feelings ... cereszal you have wonned a shiny gold intarwebs . i lol'd so hard xd la petite sirène yes that is exactly what i meant . for me writing poetry comes from a very personal place . it's how my inner turmoil gets processed and finds it way out . i don't write that often and ... well , i have a hard time coming up with poetry on demand , so to speak . there was a short verse by shakespeare that resonated strongly with me ; my words fly up , my thoughts remain below . word without ... allow me ... konigsberg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yYRlR_gV67Q get a cat , it's wonderful . http://i175.photobucket.com/albums/w144/tattertaru/Mister%20and%20Swing/Swinginkrabpaal.jpg the social gatherings are but one of the favoured things to do . everything else mentioned in posts above mine is accurate as well . yep , bookstores , gamestores , elecotronic stores and nature ... i knew little to nothing about mbti and tested myself with the online ones several times on different times of the day . even done it backwards , pick the answer i would most certainly not do which ... ( o . o ) what is this tumblr you speak of ? = o ain 37 greetings and salutations ! you've made the right choice , this forum is just lovely =D first of all , age is just a number . i think every enfp here is as old as they feel and we seem to feel we're pretty young at heart =P where to find us ; any place that has a lot of people . parties , ... adamant that just made my week =D ermahgerd puppeh ! <3 i totally dig your theme =D '