' i started off shy and a loner . i didn't like to talk and i was far from extroverted . i eventually got sick of being a loner and tried to fix myself . i was really image conscious at first until i ... it takes me a while to understand someone deeply enough to love them . once i do i give up my entp selfishness and put them first for most things . i also over analyze everything . i read way to deeply ... after i managed to force myself to sit down long enough to write one i managed . it's pretty lame after number 8 though breakfast or whatever good meal i'll be eating that day . what i'll be doing with my friends that day , or the time i'll have to listen to music on the long trip to school . what is your mbti type ? infj or entp i'm not sure what mbti type is / are your best friend ( s ) ? enfp , intj , istj how do you describe your relationship with them ? like ... how close is the bond ? what ... i've never met a two in person but they sound like they'd be hard to please . i'm lazy i don't do favor's unless it's my idea , which wouldn't please a 2 . i don't like the unhealthy 3 i know . she's ... i've gotten enfj , infp , intp , entp , enfp and recently someone thought i was an esfj which is strange because i'm not a sensor at all . kittens , easy to break but once it's broken no one wants to go through . intj , enfj , enfp my closest friends are intj's . they enjoy the fact that even though i'm a feeler i'm still rational when upset . i enjoy listening to them show me the logic behind how they think . i get along well with the entp i know . i see past his manipulation . i do have the problem that he's fickle and will leave you the second he's amused by something else but he always comes back . i ... i prefer intuitives just because i like to have abstract conversation's . senesor's throw in to many details and it's annoying . i don't think their less intelligent i just think their better at ... i act like an extravert around people . i'm fairly charastmatic and good with reading body language so i use it to my advantage.alot of people think i am one . i know i'm an introvert because i'm ... 1 . my cheeks there odd looking on my face 2 . how i look 12 since all my features are tiny except my eyes and forehead 3 . how i shake whenever i get freaked out 4 . how terrified i am of talking to ... quiet , friendly , nice , happy . sounds pretty good to me though some people think i'm to quiet . at night i'm always more likely to confront someone or have a deep conversation . my brain always works better and everything flows better . i can be a completely different person when writing to ... i've always been an environmentalist but when global warming started to connect to people i got really into it . i always do the click and ads appear so money can earned to be donated to protecting it ... i'm a 3w2 but 9w1 also score pretty high . english is my first language but i'm working towards becoming fluent in french . yeah i make awkward eye contact a lot . i tend just to stare at whatever is making noise so i get a lot of weird looks i've made a few of my friends take the test but only 2 of my friends know my username . one is a friend i discovered this site with and the other is the person that i trust with everything . all my ... my voice is really high pitched and soft . i can't speak loud normally . i love sneezing . just the sensation and have that little tickle goes away feels so good . i cannot stand istj's or isfj's . the istj is to structered and opposite from me . and i find e / i sfj's to dramatic and unwilling to not be the victim . the one i know isn't very healthy but in general ... my eyes :) 17124 i have a naturally fast metabolism . also whenever i get upest i run and lose my appetite . i don't do anything to stay thin i just got lucky . i was an extp when i was younger . i became introverted after bullying and a fairly traumatic incident . i always test as an infp or intp and both of my functions are well developed . i ventured in there once ... it never happened again when you hug someone thinking it's your friend and it's not when you texting and someone looks at you and says oh i thought you were a loner ... when you make eye contact by accident look away ... for certain types you can tell by facial expressions . i've noticed infp's tend to look like there lost in thier fantasy world and have innocent looks . intj's tend to always look serious . i can't see ... i isolate myself whenever someone hurts me . i become even quieter and start to avoid even those i'm close to . i don't mean to but when someone breaks my trust or lies i can't stand being around them i still havn't felt the massive earthquake the only thing i can be kind of paranoid about is that my friends arn't really my friends and everyone hates me in secret . i've always been one of the top students but i don't think i'm that intellient . i don't know my iq but i'm in all enhanced classes right now . i think drive is a big factor in grades . i can sleep anywhere for 8-11 hours . i'm also a teenager though and most of us can sleep days away completely lost as to what's happening with me right now i'm really optimistic . i like to block out the bad since it normally goes good . i also like to believe that you create what you want . so if i believe i can do something and that it will go well it ... i'm somewhat healthy . i'm an optimist and i generally don't get in unhappy moods . the one problem i have is i'm constantly fighting being introverted . in highschool everyone is extraverted and ... i have the same tri-type as you but i related most to 9w1 so i selected that as my type . i'm at a point where i neither love nor hate myself . i have things i really wish i could change or improve on but i know i can't . i've accepted them but i havn't come to a point where i've embraced ... i don't really care about grammar as long as it isn't terrible . people make typos and not everyone has firefox to fix them . though chatspeak really gets on my nerves i write really fast and sloppy . i read and think faster than my hand moves . i had to go to physiotherapy for my hands when i was little it was so horrid . i also have a tendency to mix up letters and ... are we all really alive or are we just someone's high tech sim game . i love deathnote . i find it really interesting about how it questions the moral about whether it's right to kill if it's a criminal and it's always interesting . plus i find the logic they use to try ... i play piano and bass clarinet . i would love to learn how to play guitar and flute . i wish i could play like my friend who makes it sound so magicaland soft . i'll think about what i want to eat later . i'll think about boys . i'll play out various scenarios in my head . i'll come up with stories , or let my thoughts wander . or sometimes my head is just blank when under a lot of stress i can become an estj . it's when i get extremely fed up with people saying stupid things and when i feel i've lost control over my values . 1 ) i enjoy eatting 2 ) i look good in red 3 ) i am not a ginger 4 ) my cat is a sleepy 5 ) facebook is a massive site 6 ) cats are my favourite animal 7 ) i know how to swim 8) that running is fun ... someone loving , likable , welcoming and open . i want people to be able to look at me and want to come up and talk to me . i want them to be able to feel they can trust me with their deepest worries . i'm like that too . i morph myself to make other people like me . i have my own interest i'm just open to seeing new ones from my friends . sometimes i do hate waht they like but i always look into it . '