' niednagel who consults with pro-sports teams on mbti and brain types and worked with the patriots , has classified tom brady as an enfp . i can see this perfectly . he is actually fairly emotional and ... i actually don't really get that angry ... and when i'm pushed to it ( usually by someone violating my values in some form ) they get a very deadpan te bitchslap . i'm never emotional , i rarely cry ... 1 . i want to better understand enfp logic . how do you get there ? lol . there's sorta no getting there - remember we use the same logical functions as intj's - just entirely different paths to get ... i regularly get entp , entj and intj . go figure . entp is by far the most common though . that extroverting t can get us mistyped in a jiffy i imagine scuei here , through and through . it lends itself to entp tendencies , but i think it's not unheard of in enfp's . oh yeah hello enfps ! ! i'm back ! anything dr . seuss , but particularly fox in sox . chronicles of narnia ( series ) little house on the prairie ( series ) the great brain pippi longstocking oh and how could i forget nancy drew ? ? ! ! naughychimp - good question ! i don't remember but here's one of my favorites a horse walked into a bar . the bartender says hey buddy , why the long face ? bwahahahahahaha ! ! ! i like to tease my intj's that i'm going to hug them , because they get an instant sort of pleased but seriously uncomfortable look on their faces at the mention of a hug . lord amighty , it's much , ... an animated inventor entered the room ! ! so right on too ( also very entp'ish ) i've only dated introverts and likely won't end up being attracted to e's other than friends - my major relationships have been intj intp isfp intj strangely , the longest one was the isfp , ... yup , been there done that on many occasion . * sigh * when you're faced with a new situation do you instinctively : a ) try to discern how it makes you feel or how it compares to your inner values ? b ) explore it's possibilities and how it relates to ... hey congratulations king of dreams ! ! my ex is an isfp and possibly the most truly artistic person i know - is a published novelist , accomplished painter , can sing really well , sculpts and is probably more in touch with his fi than ... i would assert that you likely haven't met an enfp with very low f - we generally come off as nt's ( the mental connection is the singularly most important connection for most enfp's , but for those of ... i love my perfect day ! ! especially if it was with an intj i might delicately suggest more coquetry ... and maybe an offer of something delicious . the subtly was nearly divine in it's delivery . bravo good man . bravo ! * drum roll * ... a new car ! ! ! * crowd goes wild * * nnn sheds a tear of happiness * awesome ! ! * why i like intp's so much * you guys just get it lol <--- sidenote - that looks like a guy holding his arms up in the air and thanks for the kind offer , but alas , this is a purely intellectual inquiry . lol . that's exactly what's said about enfp's - we are the rationals of the feelers ( true ) but we will need at least a couple of j personalities in the world domination mix , otherwise we won't ... exactly ! ! you said that really well - from my very unscientific research and exposure to this type , i have concluded the same . i wonder if that's your ne at work there - it seems to be universal ( the ... good catch , what i meant was opposite as illustrated below ni - te - fi - se - intj ne - fi - te - si - enfp lol at gurrrlll ! ! don't be intimidated by my intelligence , it's a front for the weird explorations of my ne . actually it was meeting a bunch of intp's in the intjf that made me come over ... ha ! ! i really am curious as to how intp's use ne , and closely it's aligned with how i use it and apply it . besides the obvious ti lead for you guys and the fi lead for us . and i think having ... i don't think iq is a measure of intelligence - i think many enfp's - actually many intuitives , likely score very high ( mine is 156 ) because most iq tests are simply a matter of identifying and ... lol ! ! because this is the intp forum and i have questions about your crazy cats . can't rightly ask them on the intj forum now can i ? ! howdy good dr ! { harmless schmarmless ! } it worked ! :-) what a great description . i approve this description . ne is the best ! i recently had an intp ask me ne much ? ! when our weirdness and random funniness was only being understood by us . mostly just curious . and yes , one of my best friends is an intp . i've been somewhat obsessed with intj's for some time but realized that intp's actually make me laugh harder and that i find i ... ok , that's a lie . i'm really not ranting , but was trying to get your attention . now that i have it , i have a few observations i have quite a few intp friends ( oddly enough , all of them are ... i think it's relatively easy to mistype an np as one of their np cousins depending on the situation ( e . g . presentations require that you use your e / fe / ne , which could easily present as enfp ) ... i'm very insecure that a hot zombie isfj chick is going to eat my brains and through that potent intuitive sustenance thereby become as smart and hot as i am . damn sj's always trying to eat my ... after reading this thread i am so glad that i am not attracted to entp boys ... intp boys , now that's another story ... although that penchant for a little bit of pain is pretty , interesting . ... there's nothing better than a bad influence - and i would challenge you to a bad influence off because i think i'm way better than anyone i know at being a bad influence . and by bad i mean , that ... heh heh . actually , i'm fairly certain i'm a closet entp ... i've already set up a fully functioning fort behind the curtain replete with a bar , a game of twister , some sticks and duct tape because you ... what i learned about entp's by trudging through this thread : what ? ? ? ! ! ! blocklos ! ! why ? why ? ? ? ! ! ! oh man ! ! how could i forget them ? ? ! ! sheesh . * smacks self on the head * ( probably because i've never had an infp lover ! ! ) some of the best sex i've ever had has been with an intj - of course one can't make sweeping generalizations , but as an enfp , i'm going to anyways - intj's are the best lovers ever . ( i've had a ... i'm unsurprised the jung ascribed to astrology . it was quite common then , reagan even had a resident astrologer at the white house . when i closely examine my natal chart ( the newspaper horoscopes ... i really like what everyone has said here - great job as usual king of dreams , muchaparadox , hoom , stephen et al . i love the empty road at night analogy . i find i do this scenario building all the ... sigh . yes , i'm an unapologetic and incurable romantic . with the caveat that i don't consider romance the same way i think many people do . romance is when someone takes the time to really listen to ... i agree with all of this - i've heard numerous times that enfp's are the rational feelers and introverted extroverts . i think this rings true ... and also why many of us also readily type as entp's .  ... i never forget intj's - it's quite impossible for me to do that :-) so i was just over wandering around the enfp house and was meandering around an entj thread . realized that i had never stopped by your house to see what's in your cupboards over here in entj land .  ... i love this thread , and am quite surprised that we outpost the nt's . interesting . one thing i noticed about the nt threads are the weird debates they have . it cracks me up to read how serious they ... here is what i think of intj's http://personalitycafe.com/enfp-forum-inspirers/87915-why-do-intjs-rock-being-held-hostage-evil-intj-please-reply-set-me-free-9.html#post2213469 :) she's interested - in my experience , enfp's do tend to be the same person around everyone - but if we make a point to spend more time with you , then we are interested . also , for me , when i'm ... this is an old thread i know , but it popped up on the screen - but - one of the people closest in the world to me is an isfp artist . he's absolutely amazing and we pretty much can communicate without ... '