' okay , i'm going to be completely honest with you guys here . despite how ' cool ' it may be to like horror movies and how all of your friends will think you're awesome and whatnot , i don't see what all ... wow , well that's good for you xd my family gatherings suck . they all hate each other but pull the i hate you and i'm a total bitch but i'm going to act the opposite for an unknown reason ! so i usually just sit in a corner and ... daniel heckert ah i see . i won't depend on it too hard . just wondering if i could find an answer to my constant observations and you have pretty much covered that so , thank you ! p . s respect for ... oh my god i read that wrong and thought you said you were resting your foot on your shoulder ... i tried it ... let's just say it didn't work out too well . same ; that and the whole criss-cross-applesauce thing . : laughing : i've learned html and css online , i am currently learning javascript and j-query ( i'm into graphic design ) and by currently i mean i haven't went to a lesson in like three months and am strongly ... when someone fucks up with me , there's no going back . i don't attempt revenge , i don't act like i hate them or talk about them dramatically behind their backs ; i just completely cut off my emotional ... so , i've known throughout my lifetime that i was good at ' reading ' people and understanding how they felt about me or anything else , really . i've been able to guess two confessions before they ... dear , bitch ( not very sure of what her mbti type is yet so i came up with a nickname for her , very accurate at that . ) your so called blog is not only unpleasant to the eye but to my mental state ... oh , i always thought you just hated justin bieber : laughing : yeah , i used to be pissed at my parents for making my life hell but i guess i have sort of gotten over it now . i think what i'm most pissed about for the time being is that my situation is so ... you're all going to judge me for this one , here i go ... when i was younger , therefore more stupid , i started playing this rpg game and instead of picking a normal name i decided to choose a ... when i read the title : we're going on a trip , in our favorite rocket ship , flying through the sky , little einstines . don't ask . well , that must be a trick question , i hate allot of things ; more then i care to explain , but i'll try stating some of them . • people who place themselves above others like they're the shit . • ... glyphs , well , one of the many struggles i face with my parents is actually lack of empathy towards any of us . occasionally , my mother will lie and state that she ' understands ' while following up ... i don't know if this is actually considered a mid-life-crisis or if it's just my current state of mind but i have always felt like i'm trapped or waiting for something . i have dreams and thoughts ... i feel like the contrast between a feeler type and a thinker type causes allot of disagreements leading to a not so healthy relationship . obviously , like anything , it's easy to disagree with ... i'm not going to take any chances , i have sensitive skin . i think i'm gonna move to china to get out of this awkward situation ... excuse me a minute ... done ! okay i live in china so ... eh , sorry , bummer , right ? * nervous laughter * i hate my life . and also everything else . preach it . i have always been very fast at typing ever since i first learned how to type , i caught on very fast . i find people stunned by how fast i can initiate characters - which can be sort of annoying ... good would not even exist without evil . without negativity there is no positivity to exist . for instance , someone dying , as bad as it sounds , could be preventing something worse from happening . what ... now that is the correct response for an unsolicited compliment . you go girl . i don't find myself getting along with enfjs really at all . my friend is an enfj , or at least i think she is , and she annoys the fuck out of me . in fact , i don't get along with any feeling types , ... see ? someone else gets it ! i throw all of my clothes in a large , rectangular bucket and sift through them to find what i want . it works just fine and i don't give a single flying fuck if it has ... yeah ... i'm really lazy ... in fact , i'm procrastinating going to sleep right now ... it's 3:00 am . no , i do not find it energizing , i find it depressing . who would want to survive in a disaster like a zombie apocalypse ? i know i wouldn't . i would kill myself before they even approached my house ... she obviously hasn't thought through introversion to it's full extent . the problem is not understanding , typical for an exfj , denying anyone who is morally ' different ' or ' weird ' just because they ... i find myself to be pretty unpredictable and confusing , which is actually how i enjoy being . who wants to be readable ? i'm the one who reads people , i must have no weakness ! yeah , i thought the same thing : laughing : i have a problem with assuming everyone hates me . but they never give proper evidence so it's hard to prove my point wrong or right . it's so annoying because i just want to know if they hate me , or ... i'm an istp and i've always loved animals . though i may prefer cats , i really do like animals of all kinds and i find them to lift my mood extremely . if you ask me , i would prefer a strong bond with ... well i don't want to be that one person who's all this happened and then this happened . but i'm just going to say i've had allot of traumas that i'd rather not talk about . that's the truth of it . - - - after finishing a rant . that sounds like a whole lot of your problem . - - - sassy comeback . well too fucking bad . - - - another sassy comeback . so yeah . - - - ... not many good experiences , let me think ... ahhh , this one time i went to the beach with my two sisters and their husbands and stayed in this three story apartment . it was right next to the beach but ... when i first did the myers briggs personality test , it came back as intj . of course , i found at least some things to relate to regarding that type , but it just didn't feel like me . there were so many ... oh my god , skinny fat ! a . k . a the worst thing ever . you're not fat , or skinny , you're skinny fat and there's no better explanation . ( you in general ) anyways , lol . i try to work out but there ... agreed . : kitteh : hahah , i'm sure that person would feel terrible . my sister is an intp and she's like my best friend . i would barely be the person i am today without her . we usually agree on everything , despite the small sum of times i have disagreed with something ... just curious , thought of it this morning , lol . let's say you were walking down the street and you ran into a complete stranger who happened to be holding a hot , steamy cup of coffee which spilled ... look , i'm not here to debate , you can think that if you want , it's not going to affect me in any way , so go for it . when i was a kid i was obsessed with computers even before i knew what coding was or how it completely functioned , i learned quite quickly though ^ - ^ i was also known for my intense sass , like ... i'm always in my mellow zone . which is really just thinking and blocking out everything people say . it can get really frustrating for the people attempting to talk to me though ' cause they're all ... oh my god trueee . if i want to annoy someone when they're pissing me off i usually stick with the death glare and a small smirk so i look bad-ass like i could kill but i'm just too good for that . second is just ... my music interest varies . i'm usually into kpop ( korean pop ) most of the time , but i'm usually just into whatever me ears like . : tongue : the point was because i feel guilty going through this thread if i don't at least almost post a picture of myself . * gives death stare * '