' okay thanks for the advice . its very interesting and strange . i'm not use to dealing with someone that i can't create a general pattern ... to get a rough idea of what they are like . its a more ... wow . i know you meant in a nice way but you came off kind of mean and critical . i'm sorry for writing the same question twice . i'm stressed about the situation and wasn't really proof reading my ... please help me understand my entp . i've nearly been cut off by my entp two to three times . but because of my highly crazy nature i refuse to stop pushing his buttons and trying to test his ... thanks for your advice . i hadn't considered i am in denial . well , this sucks . doing that would be pointless . i'm already in my place . of course , you want to seduce me . inbox me a homemade twerk video of yourself and i'll think about it . thanks . i really enjoyed this . i figured this as well . i would have had an entire group of experiences and insight into the dating game that i just can't learn from another person . trust me ! my extroverted feeling is more powerful than yours . your use of profanity and general negativity about relationships leads me to believe that you've had some problems recently . i'm only ... well , contrary to what you believe , this is a fun learning experience . everything is a fun learning experience to be honest . are you sure you don't hear your own anxiousness bouncing off the walls of ... no . man , someone must have pissed in your corn flakes this morning . the soothsayer of doom . don't talk about my non-relationship relationship like that . lol ! and you had to make the same exact ... that's good . the best feeling in the world is indifference . it gives you more power and helps you think clearly . it seems to me you just objectify your feelings . maybe everything seems convoluted ... i just want to draw attention to the fact , i need my question answered in the entp relationship thread asap . also there is another love sick infj above me that you all have left neglected for 5 ... entps , come to my aid ! ! * bane voice * okay so i'm really into this entp . we have been talking for about three months . anyways , he made many comments about wanting to marry me , etc . asked how many ... i think you should go to school and he should come with you to the united states . if you were willing to stay in another country for him , he should be willing to do the same thing . its only 2-3 years ... awesome ! thank you . this helps alot . yea he does compartmentalize me . he tries to protect me from certain information because i'm younger than him . but i always know or figure out things about people or situations because of the ... diophantine only intps create algorithms in their head for interacting with strangers . you all are awesome ! yea if he comes over , we will watch t . v . , make jokes , eat , or something and i might ask him something serious and i'll just wait like 45 min while he tries to emotionally explain what he's going ... i'm trying to figure out how to connect with my brother . when we were younger , we talked about goofy stuff all day , everyday . my favorite thing to do was tell him jokes and do crazy stuff to make him ... man , intps are mean . lol . makes me wonder what my brother really thinks about me inside his head . korpasov wow , thank you for those explanations . you have the mind of an encyclopedia . its wonderful . i'd want to wear the body suit katniss everdeen wore on into the arena on the second hungers games . that outfit was boss . it might get hot for a entire year though . so according to stuff , i'm reading on wikipedia ... hilter is more of sociopath ? the model shows : 1 ) boldness 2 ) disinhibition 3 ) meanness but i would think someone like that would be very ... wow that's a really good explanation . i'm kind of convinced joker is estp . so , do serial killers like ted bundy have some overall big idea behind their murders ? i read a thread somewhere in here that ... yea , however all his randomness usually leads to some over all big picture . in other words , one plan leads to multiple radiating plans ( like branches on a tree ) . its just when you are trapped in all ... are you sure that his ideas are spur of the moment ? in the dark knight movie it seemed like everything he did was well thought out . while batman solved one problem , joker had another second ... infj-superpowers ! ? lol : tongue : i'm in science / healthcare . biology and now grad school . i was just sharing stuff i learned through trial and error . lol no , your hella cute . for the general presentation , i would say you should have your hair shaped and styled . add some layers . hair is like everything to men ! its like if a beautiful , head ... never . lol . well , not yet . in my experience followed intuition , makes it stronger . also being out in nature helped calm me down and decompress . i lived near a beach so i would spend alot of time out there with my boogie board sometimes or take some notes to read . going out to the ... i'm sorry you are going through this : sad : . please accept my virtual hug . i really understand and i know its hard . i was angry for a long time and depressed myself . i had let go of my expectations of ... wow your dad sounds like mine . except , he was going through a depressive phase a few years ago and it got really bad at home . he has similar issues but his parents were more emotionally absent from ... congratulations on your success ! : happy : i felt the same thing at one time too . but intuition does give you a creative richness to your life , creates a thirst for knowledge of art , music , science , philosophy , etc , helps you mentally think ... i know entps tend to be very logical . however ... the only thing that helped me with issues like this is reading some information on buddhism . according to what i read , you can only lose what you ... okay , i want to thank everyone on this thread for their input . i picked the forever jungs method which was to unemotionally let the other person know the issues i had with their behavior when they ... yes . exactly lol . i'd characterize it more like being able to observe all the social games that are going on around you while sitting on a lawn chair eating popcorn and sipping soda . neutral ... that's what my infp told me too . success is the best revenge . you guys are so sweet . tom soy sauce anyway , fast forward to now . i still see him every now and then due to mutual friends . he's pretty screwed up on painkillers , he recently got kicked out of his house and he's ... i find it so ironic that people get on an internet forum to plot ( and likely fail to execute ) revenge on another person . no need to find irony . i've gone after people that ... i'm seeking to get revenge on someone that has made my social life a living hell for the past 4 years . the person thrives off social validation , a firmly established social hierarchy , and is ... i was watching this series on netflix . i'm not sure if anyone has seen it but do you think the main character ( chloe-dark haired girl ) is entp ? yay ! aww this is so cute :p roud : enfp-infjs interactions are so adorable and hilarious . its kind of hard to take this question seriously with your avatar picture . lol ! j / k you should just ask him how he's doing . and then throw in hey , we should get those burgers you were talking about last time and catch up at some point in the conversation once he warms up to you ... hmm do you sit in front of your computer all the way up to you go to bed ? or what t . v . ? it needs to be completely dark . get a night shade or something for your window . take the melatonin and just lay ... yea infjs like most n's like abstraction . melatonin . 2 tabs 30 min before bedtime . the sublingual kind work the best to me . you'll be sleeping like a baby . i don't know how true this is but ... why night owls are more intelligent than morning larks | psychology today no . maybe there is a reason all his friends are running from him . whatever you decide , do whats best for you . you're not obligated to interact with a toxic person . '