' adventurous - 26 social - 21 practical - 14 conceptual - 28 a cute very romantic and impulsive girl . i want to be a ghost , just an observer of the universe . knowledge is my life . i hate school , because the educational system is not made to bring the talent to the surface , it is there specialize you in one area , and most of the time is something that you don't really like . i am intp enneagram 5w6 aswell , i have hard time choosing a path myself . i have so many options : physics , biology , writing , drawing , pedagogy ... hard to choose one and hard to leave most of them ... what is real ? ... we can't grasp reality , we only know that what the brain interprets as reality is in a way part of the reality itself , and by my standard i can safely say that videogames and things ... people often come to me to find things for them on the internet . non stop debate and solutions for problems ( like space travel , free energy , education sistems ... ) about science , technology , the universe , human nature , philosophy , education , religion vs atheism ... this is my answer with the available answers you gave . first i would find some alternative way to crush them , if that doesn't work i will hunt them down and dissect their insides till i would know ... i get annoyed when people insults my intelligence . i get annoyed when people are giving me commands , or ways of how should i live my life . never , but they do assume that i'm crazy . i know it dose , as i said it is covered . anyway i am aquarius with ascendant in gemini . for me the zodiac fits well , but people tend to see themselves in what they want so i needed to gather some ... yes you are right but what are the odds that almost all of the participants have there strong traits coming from there ascendant ? ( anyway that issue is covered ) you just want to be mediocre at everything , then you wouldn't really be a polymath . mediocre i can be at all of those subjects in one years time , all i want is to be competent and then just let ... well mine are achievable , i don't need to make an award winning book , be the best physicist , best painter of our time , or a president . i am realistic with my potential . i can achieve 80 % of it in 6-7 ... if eggshell and jason chan don't have dreams or you can't achieve yours don't try to ruin it for others . dosen't matter if i achieve to be all that , but trying to do it will make me a better person ... high goals will make the man . you will never be more then an engineer if you want to be just an engineer . “ whether you think you can , or you think you can't--you're right . ” ― henry ... dose it matter ? life is to short , succes and failure are nothing . every answer is valuable . thx your inputs helps very much . thank you . i would need a few more until i will post my findings . and your point is ? i don't walk around asking peoples sign either , but this is just to prove if zodiac is true or false . and pls if you don't want to participate pls don't post useless things , ... you choose one or more of the above numbers with traits that you feel you relate to and in what precentage , then you tell me what sign you are . i will make a list with true / false and when i have ... ok . first i will post one or two traits for every zodiac sign random pick . 1 . ... he needs security in family environment . he cares for the family , and the inherited traditions . properties of any ... i don't really care what it is , astrology or data gathered over the years , but why gathered data about people borned in certain zodiac sign from the past would mean it will give you a positive result ... how about a bigger range , how about 30 years so for aquarius : that is 453.600 . 000 people borned in aquarius , even so the odds are slim . but what is curious is why the zodiac for example aquarius data ... i want to become a polymath : a teacher , physicist , biologist , chemist , engineer , writer , painter and composer . the plan is simple 3 year physics degree then go straight to 4th year engineering ... it is odd couse what data ? why people borned in same zodiac sign have so many similarities ? i allways wondered about astronomy , couse i am science oriented , this guesswork didn't stuck with me . i ... it is odd , i am aquarius , seen the zodiac for how aquarius should be and i can releate to it 98 % , and this are stuff that don't work with most people like reading scifi books . careers : aviation , ... that's how much it takes to do a phd in my country . there all accelerated . and yet we don't have joint honours ... :( what i want to know is : if you can sum up your life's ambition , your motivation of living , in a word or few words what would that be ? some of my keywords : creativity potential exploration ... i want to be a polymath so this is the plan : 3 year physics degree then go straight in 4 year engineering physics , 2 year double masters in interdisciplinary science : integrated approach to natural ... i do not believe in god so i am an atheist . but i have a good imagination so how would i imagine god ? ... 500 years in the future , a humanity technological advanced , one day a programmer sit's on his ... only time i have a psychic experience was in highschool . for 10sec i knew what my classmate was going to say to the teacher before he said it . a deja vu type of thing :D , then someting like fate ... be jack of all trades . i love physics , math , biology , chemistry , animation , painting , writing , sports , web design & development , programming , engineering ( electrical + mechanical ) , astrophysics , earth ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MR6D7tL38U http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N00XKtROddc&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ey6lWyxXom8&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h3ySBAcIoxo&feature=related http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aKevgOKNmc4 ... i hate i don't have the energy of arthur from the movie arthur 2011 well i listen to many other types of music like house , hip-hop , dance , some classics etc ... some music is good for relaxation , some are good when i feel down , others for different moods ... i was thinking what music do you listen , when you want your imagination to go wild or when you want relax your mind ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gPLmPrDzx4 very good for solving ... why is that :D ? i think everyone has there point of view , and i'm fine with that . a matter of fact is that i don't care if people belive in god , i care about when there are wars becouse of ... sorry but a war has started , atheists vs religions , and in the end religions will lose . eighter we all become atheists or religious people kill all atheists . eighter way atheists wins . :D ... i hope so . i think soon most of the world will be religion free . i think 150 years would be enough for the change . :D thank you for opening my eyes ... i think i was blind from daydreaming when i wrote that :D joke : laugh :: laugh : must of been the 23 hours of work . i am going home in 30min :D i am addicted to my dreams . i might go crazy if i don't dream / daydream . so i never stop dreaming . your problem is that you are worrying to much , just be yourself and go with the flow and you should be fine . i think the most important thing for a intp in a relationship is to have someone ho he can talk to about his dreams and his ideas , ho has to be a good listener and appreciate , support him , and time ... well i'm 23 and feel like where the last 5 years go ? i don't let my type define me , but i just love how here i can find so many people close to my philosophy , close to my passions , dreams , ideas ... ask him is nothing to be afraid of friendships / relationships are not that complex , not for me atleast , ask him out for a walk and talk , if he refuses don't worry about it , some intp are a bit lazy ... well young ... 23 ... i know i should be more mature about this , but i love my ideas and dreams and i like to stick to them no mather what , and i know there is a very good chance i won't change the ... '