' when you have this conversation with your also-intuitive sister : hey , do you ... no , i don't know . ok . that's not what i was going to ask though . seeley booth - enfj ( esfj ? ) dr . temperance brennan - intj dr . jack hodgins - entp ( intp ? ) angela montenegro - isfp dr . lance sweets - infj dr . camille saroyan - estj zach - intp i miss zach ... temperament is a really horrible way to type someone . temperaments are all keirsey , and keirsey ... well , i don't believe half the things out of his mouth . he just wants to make a profit from ... so , i had a really clear idea of their types a few days ago , and then i stepped into this forum and it's like ... i forgot everything about what i thought and why . you people have confused me ! so , ... that's fair . he is indeed a well-balanced character if ever there was one . so since it's become a thing , and as i am almost done with the complete sherlock holmes now , i feel obliged to announce that there is absolutely no way in the universe sherlock holmes is ... 5 ' 0 i really dislike being as short as i am . i like to dress in clothing that makes me feel kick-ass , whether it's fashionable or not . usually i consider myself a real-life example of awesome ... this . exactly . there are no better words . yeah , i hate the dating game . seriously . i'm not interesting in anything that begins in flirtation . i suspect my first boyfriend ( for i have not had one yet ) will be a very close friend who i've ... this is a true story : i was in an extemporaneous speaking competition at the college level . ( extemp speaking is set up to where you must gather articles from the news through the whole season , then ... intj . is that even a question ? lol . i love ' em though , i really do . whereas the ones i would consider second coldest ( entjs ) ... well i * tend * to not like them . quite decidedly . sheldon - intj . clearly not extroverted , and though it seems he's often seriously lacking in intuition , the intj profile fits better than istj . leonard - enfj . he craves acceptance and ... 1 . facebook 2 . twitter 3 . youtube 4 . personality cafe 5 . nanowrimo 6 . gmail 7 . sidereel 8 . imdb 9 . failblog ( and associates ) 10 . wikipedia this is a thread for i'm so entp jokes . they're like yo mama jokes , but instead of being about yo mama , it's about entps . and instead of being about fatness , it's about awesomeness . exempli ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5JRKDF8ui3E dad - istj mom - esfj or enfj me - entp sister - infj sister - isfp brother - estp brother - too young to tell for sure , xsfx it's hard to tell with half his brain missing . i feel like he's an entp lobotomized into ... whatever he is now . but he seems to get a lot of his thinking energy from working with people - he needs ... for a very long time , i have assumed that my ideal guy was a nerd , and that's still true to an extent . but the i've just had a chance to go out with a properly charming , nerdy guy and i realized i ... my brother is estp and we tend to get on each other's nerves a lot . i often feel like he's being intentionally ignorant ; he's loud , temperamental , close-minded , and has a rude sense of humor . ... yeah , that'd be a big ol ' no for me . now , i can sometimes be quite the romantic , but love at first sight is something i don't buy . there's actually a funny little progression for me . from under lowest stress to under highest stress , i will act like a : ... yes , i know , but i'm still curious as to which ones switch most easily . personality type describes you , but we all know we aren't always ourselves . when you are melancholy , stressed , or otherwise not yourself , which of the four letters is the first to go ? for ... no , that's the truth . honestly , people mistype themselves as intuitives all the time . it's because people have this ridiculous misconception about intuitives being the smart ones and sensors as ... entp , i'm sure , lol . s would at least keep you rooted in reality f would make you empathetic and more sociable j would make you professional and reasonable so the extrovert with none of these ... haha glad i'm not the only one who thinks like that ! i started wondering about the type of certain cultures watching lord of the rings ( because the shire is totally istj ) . then i started expanding ... something else i considered briefly . but he's much more sporadic than a j ( absolutely no schedule , completely listless and spontaneous unless a case has his attention ) , and he's completely ... that's sooo feelery lol having read most of the original conan doyle books , seen the latest movie , and the bbc series ( which , by the way , is brilliant ) , i think i've managed a fairly accurate insight . watson is a ... lol well i don't know yet . i don't drink ( or at least , get drunk and party and such ) . but i do plan on getting drunk once , because i myself am very curious about the question you posed . sometime ... two slightly different questions i'd like to hear your answers to . for me the answer is yes to both . for instance , i work part time at a retirement home where i help serve meals and do dishes . ... this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T6a_1R3w5i4 or this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O5ZwnmJgC-g kung fu panda . pretty good :) it was enjoyable , but nothing that would make my top ten . well , doctor who is the best tv show of all time . bar none . hands down . no contest . miles cooler than anything else ever produced in serial . but i also watch house , monk , bones , fringe , psych , ... i don't mind a significant other being younger than me , as long as it's close . within a few years at most . shorter on the other hand ... well it wouldn't be such a big deal except that i'm only ... i just ... wow ... i mean ... seriously ! that stream of stutters is about the only thing that can accurately illustrate how perfectly this applies . words cannot describe . i feel that pain . i ... you weren't explaining it poorly at all , i know exactly what you mean . entps have a tendency to believe people are generally unintelligent and shallow , and we aren't always willing to give them a ... it's a complicated question for entps , who value rational thinking but also have that gut inutition that so often manifests as an inexplicable feeling as our primary function . i think i could best ... i'm a christian . and not even in the ambiguous , well it's what works for me , but whatever sense . i believe there's a god that created the universe , that he's personally involved in the affairs of ... 1 ) be intelligent . seriously , if you can't grasp the concept of common sense , it probably won't be pretty . but you said you're pretty well rounded so that shouldn't be an issue :) 2 ) take ... yup , proudly . nerdpower ftw . there are two kinds of people in the world : yourself and everyone else . how is that different ? lol , i kid , i kid . and yet now you know i'm a republican :P the reason you're misunderstood and lonely is because you think you're generally smarter than other people , apparently . you know you're an intj if you don't actually believe the myer briggs theory is worth its salt - but you still can't keep away for perc because it's such a fascinating social dynamic . ( i myself am ... sitiachun = = = hick yes , i have never had a problem with any kind of public speaking presentation . from the time i was a little kid , i've had no problem with the attention of crowds , and have even thrived on it . ... well , if it was personal , who wouldn't be sympathetic ? being a thinker doesn't make you soulless :-/ i love him . he has an accent , and he got a doctor who interview on network american television . what more could i need ? the fact that he's entp is just the icing on the cake ! : cool : you've gotten in trouble more often for accusing your parents of being senseless than for anything you've actually * done * '