' i write even though i feel like an attention seeking special case that needs to mention certain words for maximal effect . i feel horrible . the kind that makes you uneasy in every position , place and ... well was allyrah being authentic or also playing devils advocate ? i feel stupid for believing that you meant what you've written . you said that maybe i'm right . ( and the other post that what is bolded you beliefe , the rest is a thought experiment ) i asked wheter you think what i wrote about the logical conclusion of revenge ... i didn't mean this personally , it would be the logical conclusion of what you wrote when you think it to its end . and the end would be to take revenge on existence and shoot up a school or commit ... i confess i'm just a little bothered by the things below . neither do i feel offended nor do i have anything against you two ! i'm horribly anxious with some stress mixed into because in some days i have my first days at uni ( different first days ) and i still need to call two seperate faculties to ask and change some ... looked for my pencil , apparently i like the 0.7 kind from rotring being a narcissist or a sadist yourself ? ferry excited , lotr , overnight intent pediatrician master list maker sounds too nice ! :P although its desputable wheter this is actually true ! 703082 now it has to not on the side and everythings fine with me .. dandelion hearth none of those characters seem extroverted at the core . the big eyes and silly face of futaba ooki made me think of infp and together with all the colours , the nice artstyle of the ... 4w5 ? entp it was the second time i watched it so i knew what was going to happen and wasn't surprised . it was quite lengthy and tarantino made better movies than this one but i think i am too young to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J73cZQzhPW0 the hateful eight and in the heart of the sea what is the old left and what the new left like in your estimation ? also , why is the new far left the real left ? i am actually asking , i don't have a point to make this time . i try to ... you ! business men in suits and the question why so many different people wear suits ; from professors to salesmen ( like selling cars ) to bankers to whatever . why ? cartels aliens i answer this out of what i would like others to behave like ; when they show genuine yet gentle and unpushy interest in what i like , even if they don't know what i like . it would be great if a ... threw tusk + 1 beat me to it : laughing : i just woke up by the way ... not where you think ! i live in the heart of europe so timezones are different ;) grand budapest hotel is best hotel ;) + 1 as recommendation ! allyrah i watched 13 assassins today : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NgPC74-Tde8 her . ( finally back to more or less ' normal ' ! ) candle you can rearrange them :) as far as i can tell the last 7 changes were made correctly . you change a letter but use them as an anagram to create a new word ; the order isn't significant but what letters you have : arise -> ... god lakigigar it rained here where i live too over the last weeks and i hope it will rain plenty in belgium too over the weekend , at least google told me so ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V-Rj1GS9anA it isn't like they either understand ( whatever ) or don't , it depends . it is like saying infps are illogical and are this way not because they don't understand it but choose not to awknoledge it or ... i would really like to make a bunch of remarks on different things said so far like that logical people can understand irrational behaviour and differenciate better than just feelings are ... wine i think i failed with all of this , it isn't worth updating . he oh , you are an estj , now i know why ;) by i think maybe revived :P ( otherwise weird direction this thing is going ... ) looked suddenly haven caressing shear teasing look '