' that's so ironic , considering how your signature is cats are the better people .. cats are known to kill or play with their prey for fun . you think that's wrong because that's how you were ... ooh , i'm a virgo rising infj ! virgo is also one of my fav zodiac signs . infj's is that kind and honest childhood friend who even after years of not talking would be happy to check up on you and ... i'm consumed by machiavellianism in dark periods of my life . i sometimes just get fed up by all the fake people and lies around me that others perceive as truth and reality . so instead to just focus ... people tend to generally like me and they try to be careful and polite to me as to not offend me , in order to not turn me off . idk if i come off as intimidating or if they think that they need to ... i get overwhelmingly sarcastic and ironic at the person i'm interested in . that's how flirting comes to me naturally , and i hate it . the person i'm interested in may actually get offended and i ... yes . no matter if i end up being the last human on earth or if we all vanish . there is a big big chance that the big bang will happen again and things will take their course from the beginning https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2tMGq6r37Y nomadleviathan he's an esfj , and thanks ! :p roud : i swear i feel bad about ignoring you but i am too shy and boring irl please understand , i know i'm kinda selfish by doing this ziggystardust i really like your style ! me on the left : tongue : 379698 3797 06 stop yelling at me for crying while im crying ! i dont care if you dont like seeing me cry but yelling at me to stop makes it worse people call me laid back and chill a lot . also they claim that i am easy to talk to since i am not judgemental . i guess i give off this calm and accepting vibe esfp and enfj 376082 me ft . fake smile for the camera 376090 my cute esfj partner sleepin when i'm at my best and the healthiest i am definitely the first type . on rainy days when my self consciousness and anxiety comes to surface i am the second type . i still haven't read or researched much about the enneagram types and i've got mistyped a lot in the past .. but i tested myself again some days ago and i think that i'm a type 4 . the bad thing is ... i'm sure this problem is common among infj's who are a little more insecure or too passive / submissive . i've had people / friends ( turned out to be fake ) take advantage of me and my kindness . this ... 365506 i definitely would : tongue : the sound of the waterfall would be calming . i just love being around water my first name , vanessa , means butterfly or of venus in latin . my second name means shining light , or bright one . infj extra mozzarella , extra pepperoni and black olives . or chicken , extra cheese , green pepper and black olives going to an experienced and licensed hypno-psychotherapist has literally changed my life and my outlook on things for the better . i highly recommend it to people who have had issues like me with ... i'm sorry , i'm still quite new and i am still learning about the mbti types and how they work . i didn't find any recent thread on this subject so i thought to make one , based on my dilemma .. looking ... haha you're cute esfp i was thinking about this today . do the mbti types of the parents influence in some way the mbti type that their kids will be ? i was thinking what kind of parents would most likely raise an ... 364290 front phone cameras aren't very good quality :/ oh it makes me restless and my hands start shaking . cappuccino's make me sleepy though take a shower , dress up and go out for shopping ( clothes ) and then call my mother telling her the good news . then we would probably either move or replace all furniture . i'd feel extremely ... entj or estj honestly , i had about the same thoughts as you 5-6 months ago along with suicidal and depressing thoughts . i found a good hypnotherapist with whom we clicked right away and he helped me , in just 2 ... why are you taking her selflessness so personally ? you don't have to deal or put up with your mother's kindness . be glad that she is a good person and mother and treat her like a human being ... stop making me feel unwanted and awkward around you ... it makes me rethink everything between us . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDyvBGoHejw not very infj , haha greece is probably one of the worst places for infj people .. very se and extroverted . they are traditional in every aspect . not very open minded . ofc there are exceptions but i only met about 4-5 ... whenever i drink i just get incredibly dizzy and sleepy .. if i interact with anyone i get incredibly clingy and pour my heart out to them , maybe actually reveal things that i have kept hidden from ... enfj iceland : infj ? iceland and finland you give me this intimidating and confident intj vibe . read more about the f and t functions ( both of them , not only t ! ) to understand them and see which one applies to you the most , since you said ... maybe he's insecure and needs constant validation ? i feel like that sometimes , i need validation in words more than actions . perhaps you should tell him what you wrote here . tell him that you have ... is he an infj ? if so , don't worry about sounding too cliche or sappy ... we do not judge those who are close to our heart , and he will of course be happy to hear affectionate words from you . try to ... people misunderstanding you . they either take my quiet , reserved behavior as an insult or automatically categorize me as boring . to me , it hurts , but i gotta accept the fact that it's not my ... intj i have taken the enneagram test three times and every time i got a different type . my mood affects my answers a lot .. i was thinking about it yesterday , i know that i am mistyped . regarding that ... yup , the moment i get to know someone better i just get conflicted constantly whenever i try to figure out something about them on my own . i think i need to be more sure of myself and a bit more ... either as a partner , sibling , friend , etc ... how do you show someone that you love and care for them ? for me it would be listening to their troubles and empathizing with them as much as i can ... i used to say yes to everything and generally do everyone's favors but i learned that it's now how you win people's trust and make them like you ... i learned how to be more self assertive and i love ... let's just say that many people have cried because of my words and actions while i was in my unhealthy phase . i have two unhealthy phases and it depends on what triggered them : i either act like ... forgot to mention how when we started talking he told me that he wants to find a serious relationship because he can't stand being alone . he told me he needs someone by his side to love him and show ... that's interesting , thanks for your input . he seems more like a se individual , definitely . i guess he's an esfj , and despite his kindness and displays of affection i'm still afraid that i might ... '