' my taste in music is pretty varied , but mostly based around rock . some of my all time favourite bands include muse , the smiths , radiohead , and red hot chili peppers . metal and electronic can also be ... yupp , me . everything i do in life is based on fear , fear of almost everything . all the time . i don't really get bored , most times i just don't know what to write . from what you wrote , my best guess would be isfp . 1 . i'm very ambitious , yet i put everything off 2 . i care a lot what others think about me 3 . i write and perform plays at the local theater ... i think everyone is constantly changing . personalities evolve with time , and i don't think that's a bad thing . if you'd compare who i am now to who i was five years ago , you wouldn't say it was ... i don't hate being an intp , the ti / ne function combo is a good way of thinking , in my opinion . the only thing i dislike is the inferior fe . i often do see what is going on in social situations , i ... willkommen ! have a good time on the forum :) i can't really put my finger on mrs . hudson's type , all she does is make tea :') . istp for sherlock seems a good choice , i think the se / ni and inferior fe are very accurate . what about mary , ... listening to fire in cairo - the cure , browsing perc whilst i should be studying for my upcoming exams ... oops . i very much like to be prepared , so i visited about eight colleges and made very eleborate lists of pros and cons . eventually i chose the one that seemed to be the best ( many extra opportunities , ... hello there einsteins , i have some trouble believing half of you are in the 99th percentile . or am i really the odd one out in this nt pool of geniuses ? don't be afraid to do things alone ! if you can't find anyone to join you , just do it anyways ( unless it's something you don't like doing alone ) . just don't put it off because you'd feel embarassed ... na na na by my chemical romance ... i'm way too old for that stuff :') to be quite honest , i don't know . i've always felt as if something is missing from my life , as if it is incomplete , and therefore also boring . i guess you just have to engage in new activities ... english isn't my first language so i don't even know what half of the words in this thread mean , oops . but , yeah , i think i'm jumping on the basically-bandwagon . i haven't cried because of music in itself , but music has worked as a catalyst for crying over something else . 5w6 - 4w5 - 9w1 . spot on , but the procedure of the quiz was quite obvious , so i might've filled this in so that i'd get my tritype , if you understand what i mean ? i ( intp ) absolutely dread presentations . i'm constantly afraid the public doesn't like my presentation , probably thanks to inferior fe . this could be , though i don't think school performance is linked to mbti type . i didn't necessarily have trouble getting through school , i got 70 % - 85 % on almost everything , except physics , and i ... i think xstp for sherlock , he clearly uses a lot of se . might be istp because inferior fe seems to suit him , might be estp because he seems quite extroverted . watson - isfj mycroft - estj ... atheist , yes . vegan / vegetarian , no . bisexual , yes . liberal , i'm not sure ... i identify as a social democrat , but since you guys in america only seem to have liberals and conservatives , i'm ... i grew up in a catholic environment , went to church , read the bible , etc . , but when i went to high school i had philosophy classes about metaphysics and epistemology , which made me doubt my religion ... i don't necessarily listen to the types of music listed in the thread title , but i do think mainstream music is pretty dull . basically my music taste is a mess , slowly expanding to more genres ... the story i'm writing atm has four main characters : isfj 5w6 infj 2w1 estp 8w7 entj 3 ( not sure about the wing for this one ) i haven't thought of their alignments yet , chaotic for estp , ... confession : in my advanced physics high school class i used to study my ass off and still fail most tests , but i told people i hadn't even touched my books because i didn't want to be seen as ... during a recitation by their poet master grunthos the flatulent of his poem ode to a small lump of green putty i found in my armpit one midsummer morning four of his audience died of internal ... this . i can't even explain , i just feel drawn towards this kind of characters ah , i'm already counting down the hours until sherlock - uuhh , new year's , i mean . happy new year everyone ! hi , my name's erin and for the past two years i've been reading a lot about personality theories . i've also been ghosting on personality cafe , but today i decided to take the leap and get myself an ... uh , i can't post links yet so just add the www and it'll work :) truity.com/test/personality-type-love-match i got entp , btw i think you're quite clearly a ti > fe user . this seems like low fe to me : the things you say about switching off your emotions in order to get something done , and your brain being a mess , seem ... '