' physical touch , followed by quality time . you don't have to feel selfish . (: we can just call this curiosity . i'll try to match cog functions in a way that seems to make sense and see if we can't find a result that you ultimately may agree ... i'm actually curious about the book ; did you find it to be personally helpful ? it seems pretty popular , but i'd be really grateful if you could give a quick rating on it ( if you have time ! ) it's not settled whether or not she wants to receive communication from him . i'd say it's rather likely that she is probably curious though , and a letter is a fairly distant form of communication . ... i was going to say the same thing like everyone else did--that you could write one sentence and be done with it--but i changed my mind . you sound legitimately worried , and this problem is - the - ... my best friend is an entp , and she's a bitch . she's pretty much my complement in every way and takes pretty good care of me for some reason though , so it works out anyway . unless she wants to ... i know a very bright isfp . she has the emotional depth necessary to understand when friends need assistance , or when they just want to hang out , and she'll be the first one at your door if you call ... 1 . ) infj's show their true feelings when they are alone when someone that they can trust , where as the intj's will hide their feelings all the time . this is common , but not absolute . intjs can ... like kalifornia said , what kind of sensitivity are we talking about ? sensitivity to depth of topics , types of topic , explicit content , personal stabs , or something else ? i do find that nfs tend to ... i'm usually a bit skeptical about studies being very type-specific , since people can easily mistype themselves for a variety of different reasons ( how others view them , what they would like to ... no , no , and .. no . i like making more conservative connections that i can trust on a personal level , and i'm not a fan of huge ( and usually messy ) parties . i could probably say some wide , sweeping ... making a long , thoughtful email is always putting yourself out there , so i'm sure the infj is attempting to be as open as possible ( probably a bit unnerving and somewhat difficult for him too . ) ... istps are pretty fun to be with . they actually want to engage in activities in greater depth than other introverted types i find , but aren't obnoxious about it . they just want mastery and exude ... this really isn't to you since you're new , but i need to get this off my chest . i always find posts like this weird because whenever an infj is withdrawn , it's taken rather badly .. but when it's an ... http://img571.imageshack.us/img571/9897/seaotter.jpg ; _ ; why did you post a picture , whyyy . ( looks so delicious ... sob ) it always helps to have a strong base to support your building blocks . i don't know what's really harder for me , but i am more consciously worried / put more concentrated effort much more at the ... my definition of a best friend ? obviously , you - - / gets shot - - - - friend stuff . best friend friends forever . people i take care of . people that take care of me . their existence ... ^ lol i like nail polish as well . and frilly dresses , girly skirts , and ribbons . anything that's a girly-take on vintage gets my attention . things that look cultured , like old books , good ... i'm curious as to how other infjs build their inner worlds , so here goes . how do you organize objects , relationships , patterns , and thus , by extension , the future ? for instance , do you have ... yes . waffles are super delicious . so are crepes . not so much a fan of pancakes , though , but i'm pretty sure it's because i've had terrible pancakes . lol i love this . i can totally see myself liking this too , dangit . way to put ideas in my head . : laughing : i like reenacting projectile fights with people . we both start with imaginary dual ... ^ needs bear cavalry . awesomeness ensues . i want a freaking tiger . or any huge , amazingly fast feline will do . i won't take a flier on the sheer basis that i'd probably puke on the damn thing ... yeah , fair enough . i sometimes think he over-trivializes his tasks and then gets buried underneath them later , but that's probably more a specific problem to him than istps in general . the ... thanks for the response . i tend to be straight with everyone i'm with when it comes to work , so everything i've said here i've already said to him . he did figure out along the way what kinds of ... wow , i was about to make a topic very similar to this . will thank op after i'm done with this post . i have an istp boyfriend who has a problem with procrastination . really smart guy , very ... man , i hate word technicality arguments . it annoys me more because usually the people arguing with me about the word itself are usually _wrong_ . it always takes hours for them to even get the ... weird ; i'd think that infj males would be even more sensitive to their partner's dissatisfaction . i know my infj guy friends are pretty sensitive about those things , too . infjs are pretty good at ... uhhh . i don't think this is an infj problem , to be quite honest . it sounds like this is more of a parental issue . i have an istj mother that is ten times clingier and more pervasive than what you ... and , you know , get lots of money if they win . : wink : eh , i stay in touch with friends . it's easy with some facebook and aim . i'm usually on the receiving end like everyone else , but sometimes i do miss a few people a lot , so i'll just give them a ... oh my gosh , stay away . that is seriously dangerous territory . if you ignore him , he has the potential of emailing / texting / bugging you on aim constantly . and if he mentions your name as a defensive ... i just got this from my boyfriend not one week ago . it's not gender-specific . if people don't want to be open , that's silly . i don't know why they chose to come to the forum , but you should pm them with fair warning that the forum is for healthy debate , not for some ... i pay attention to people more than i pay attention to myself . respect-wise , it all just depends on who i'm dealing with . if it's someone who i know to be a proven hard worker , a good person , a ... i think i have a mixture of problems that people have previously mentioned . i feel like i get that smack from the few people i put extra effort into . sometimes my parents , other times from my ... i like to think i roll high on both intelligence and wisdom , with average constitution and poor dexterity . chaotic good .  . . . yep . i have gotten sick a few times when i was younger , but it was mostly because i was dreading things to a ridiculous level ( impossible test , mean teacher , brown-nosing student who was a jerk to ... looking back , i'm pretty sure only two people mentioned they were in high school . but wow , your high school teacher sounds awful . i wouldn't care at that point either ( what kind of teacher solves ... to achieve perfection , i feel it's inevitable to slip and fall . so i take like it is , and go for it . if i lose myself in depression , i know i've already lost . so , i let my frustrations loose when ... it used to be extremely difficult for me to open up ; i had to meet a very kind entp who got me out of my shell and made me talk . although i was good at opening myself up to old friends , it was hard ... doing nothing probably won't lead to happiness for everybody , either . as you mentioned , happiness can mean different things to different people . productivity isn't just about expansion . it's about ... i've pretty much seen a good and bad example of every type , so i'm pretty sure i at least get along fairly well with the ones who don't want to cut my head off . my best friends are mostly ... this is my old cat , pepper . i got her from my best friend . http://img213.imageshack.us/img213/7159/pepper.jpg and i would love a shiba inu or a corgi . i'm leaning towards a shiba inu at the ... you definitely sound like more of a p to me . mostly because of : which i see more in my infp friends than i do in my infj friends . both ( including me ) don't like making eye contact often , but ... you fight and you win . if he wanted help , he'd ask or at least not be such a prick about it . and if he doesn't learn , makes an unhealthy environment for you two , and suffers under his own ... my dreams are basically stuff that would happen in real life , except just different / meshed settings of places i've been to , people i know , etc . it's all very realistic , but none of it actually ... exactly . laws are important , even if they are made by imperfect people . of course , it's all about making smart laws and making smart decisions instead of making too many dumb laws and dumb ... i learn fastest and absorb more material when i'm under the influence of a strong feeling ( extreme hatred , extreme love , etc . ) it's really , really weird . i guess those things make me wake up and ... this , so much . rouge , you are in my head . what some of the enfps and entps are referring to as liking everyone definitely sounds like being civil to me . type-wise , our definition of ' like ' ... '