' thanks so much everyone , this cleared up a lot . :p roud : i have heard of both - but entp's shadow is not infj . it's intj . isn't it ? so what's with that ? this is kind of a random thread , and i don't really know where its going , but i would appreciate your thoughts . i find that people , very often , flip types entirely depending on situation . i also ... dad : infp mum : estj most likely childhood was weird and crazy and fun . totally didn't get them , they totally didn't get me , but that really did make it interesting . you can't choose family , but ... yup , the joker sounds about right . i can relate - i would totally dress up my henchmen in matching makeup so they look just like me . but not as good-looking . like , channeling my vibe , but not stealing ... environments . for example , a rainy day in the city with wet concrete and musty smelling air may remind me of my grandmother . i dunno , just an example . but something like that - its the strongest ... personally , i call myself an anti-villain . but to each his own , i guess . : wink : 1 ) i think i'd be fine for a little while , i could take it for a few days , max . then i'd just go downhill from there . 2 ) i don't think any type could outdo any other in this scenario . i think it ... tbh , since astrology is not scientifically based , i don't think there would be much of a correlation . that being said , i am an entp taurus . entp hero : upbeat and friendly , but under the surface a bit manipulative and shady . prone to whining and snarkiness , but ready to step up when the situation demands it . a very cerebrally oriented ... why not embrace confusion ? flaming bassoon : esfp why bother to bother if you do not like being bothered ? why take this so personally ? why not . : wink : lol , i flirt for fun , but if i'm serious and really like some one : 1 ) deny , deny , deny . ( anyone get my reference by chance ... ? ) 2 ) deny a little more . 3 ) admit at the pressure of entj friend ... more like : what the fuck are you doing ? translated : i'm in . move aside , so i can hijack , i mean collaborate . this right here is why i appreciate infjs . you guys are dope-tacular . thine horrid image doth unfix my hair . also : demetrius : villain , what hast thou done ? aaron : that which thou canst not undo . chiron : thou hast undone our mother . aaron : villain , i have ... why say harder than it sounds , when the correct phrase would be harder than it reads ? lol , i'm entp , but apparently i'm unique amongst my type for actually taking joy in dressing up . i treat fashion as an artistic experiment - fun , personal , and malleable . honestly , i think it depends on what you consider charming . flynn rider . that is all . :) entp - pottermore typed me as slytherin . didn't see it coming , i thought ravenclaw too . but it makes sense the more i think about it . i'd say that mbti doesn't necessarily have a consistent ... sometimes , i question my sanity and ability for true empathy . ( not sarcastically ) . when i was a kid , i was generally accepted as one of the guys . but in reality , i am a closet girly-girl . i've learned to accept myself as what i am : a weird little tomboy with a feminine streak . or ... also , i went off of emerson's writing style , so that may not be very accurate : blushed : they just strike me that way . sorry : confused : no big in depth explanation . i tend to type by experience ( comparing to people i know or have known of that type ) . i'll think more into it for you ... i always felt like four was infj ... i dunno though . : confused : emerson - infp hiddleston - enfp lana del rey - infj adele - esfp just guessing here :) i'm absolutely terrible at typing fictional characters ( i can never decide ... ) help ! ! ! i haven't seen any threads on this yet , so ... here are some to get the ball rolling : hamlet - infp or ... ae1905 i kinda wanted to join in on the criticism , but i'm highly allergic to enfj waterworks ... lol , sounds like a prick . have fun . : laughing : i like enfps because they don't mind my craziness . we can be crazy together . they are honest and sincere . they are full of enthusiasm and there is nothing i find more addicting in a person . they are ... to me at least , you seem more ni than si . either way , your friend is the opposite . in my experience , esfjs and enfjs are people oriented , but if i had to guess , i'd say the esfj is your friend , and ... i dunno , you're still sounding like me ... lol , but entps are like all types : they vary . i am entp and enneagram 3 . entps are considered the most introverted of the extrovert types , i for one swing ... isfps are practical , efficient , fairly withdrawn , and need their space . so if you are looking to pick on him , get in his space . boss him around , push him around . be the boss , belittle him ( they hate ... like the above posters , i'd fairly confidently say enfp . infps can be creative in lots of different ways . i know infps that are visual artists ( oil painting ) , writers , and even tech / av crew ( behind the scenes in theatre . ) i wouldn't rule out infp just ... i agree with the above , you remind me of an infp family member of mine - scarily so ! i'd pretty confidently say infp . i'd say entp , mostly because you remind me of myself , lol . : tongue : any particular reason towards your considering intp ? also , your dislike of conflict and arguments is very enfj . enfjs dislike the negativity of disagreements of any kind . ex : and an enfj sibling of mine has to actually get up and leave the room ... edit : your don't want to bother others attitude again , strikes me as very enfj . http://www.personalitypage.com/ENFJ.html it's natural to their personality type that they will tend to place ... you remind me of an enfj i know . do you repress thoughts and emotions for other people , or for yourself ? enfjs are often very willing to make sacrifices for the greater good and to preserve the ... i can be very cold and calculating when : 1 ) i need to be to get things done . 2 ) i am angry with , or have otherwise been led to dislike , you . 3 ) that time of the month . i can also be truly and ... yes , so true : laughing : those entjs need to make some better rules , otherwise they need to stop yelling at me for not following them . entp - money . money is always a safe bet . : tongue : i'm an extrovert , and i've always loved introverts - they just need to have space sometimes . also , the internet is a venue open to both the intelligent and the ... not so much . and most ... i guess they are both pretty emotionally manipulatable . i'm always around infjs ( they are the rarest type , too . wouldn't have thought so , considering how many i know . ) i find that if i connect with ... i know identical twins who are both istj . they are , however , the only twins i know , so it may just be coincidental . '