' i love malapropisms . carmine ' little carmine ' lupertazzi of the sopranos is king at malapropisms https://www.youtube.com/watch?&v=vJggSqCftgA https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_WyafRYPxIgBm0tJAIKPFbUTcY-QFGpT fucking beautiful album this is . production by dj quik , and battlecat assisted on a couple of tracks . ruthless records , ... oh wow , i didn't notice that about you ! i don't understand the instinctual variants as deeply , but i think being sx rather than sp dominant makes a 5 less ... 5ish . to a certain extent anyway . my ... no , this is the meeting of minds https://youtu.be/0VOUqw4VcsE jesus christ carmine , what the fuck ! why would you possibly bring that up ? : laughing : well met , fellow 5w4 infj :p roud : i think you will enjoy these too : crazy : https://i.imgur.com/lY3JRE1.gif http://i.imgur.com/TlHmzwR.gif https://i.imgur.com/kjE5syK.jpg that is so amazing . we have such a beautiful planet . why must we insist on trashing it instead of preserving it ? : sad : it's a game of cricket being enjoyed by ... i always like the idea of linux ; it is the socialist os . socialism is love , socialism is life . apple and windows are so capitalist : bored : but i also like to play rome total war and age of empires , ... what ! how can you be younger than me , it doesn't make any sense , i always thought you were much older because you seem a lot more mature than me haha happy birthday :) references : cassius dio , roman history lxii pliny the elder , natural history xxx livy , from the foundation of the city xxiii diodorus of sicily , bibliotheca historica vi as a classicist and a lover of ancient history , i can add that introverted and intuitive activities such as philosophy , or merely the act of writing itself - about anything - is once again something ... northern europeans did absolutely nothing until the last two , three hundred years . in antiquity , every invention , discovery and intellectual feat of any significance came from hot places : africa , ... i think the thing with putin is he's ex-kgb , so he would have all sorts of excellent combat skills , hand-to-hand , using unconventional weapons , using melee weapons , and firearms . so even though he's ... what did you pick me for , i'm mumbai-born and my ancestors all come from tamil nadu ... which is steaming hot 365 days a year : the annual average temperature is 34.2 ° c ( 93.6 ° f ) . that's what the ... carry less things in your bag if you must bring something like a textbook or a laptop that's heavy , carry it in your hand and free up your bag . it's better for your bag , shoulders , and back in ... playing rome total war . i found another one of me http://i.imgur.com/tTsaxiE.jpg socialism is love , socialism is life i like that you've made this thread :p roud : i will spam it in due time with my ancient history : laughing : this is life right now for me too ! ! why do you all have to make such a straightforward thing so complicated ? it's easy , just don't be a simp . if you like somebody don't try and express that by buying them things or doing favours for ... warweasel sorry to hear about your nephew , they can be quite ungrateful as i know first hand ! mine hits me all the time even though i play ball with him every day , which is like his favourite ... its probably a male thing rather than a mbti thing . forearms are love , forearms are life . i wish i had massive forearms : sad : if i did , i'd show them off all the time , regardless of my relationship ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8HM3Aow3-q8 classic robbery track ... if at any time in your life you find yourself about to pull a jack move , this is the tune to bang : smileys-sunbathing - ... tell me what you like specifically , and i might be able to verse you on it ! :p roud : this is a massive , long standing debate . most of the infjs here that i have gotten to know really well ( and ... so ! i was playing europa barbarorum , which is the historically accurate mod of rome total war , and guess who showed up on the load screen just then ! https://i.imgur.com/S6N7Ngl.jpg these coins ... i spent a good part of the day turning this abomination https://scontent.fbne1-1.fna.fbcdn.net/v/t35.0-12/21616719_497114037308161_1771536441_o.jpg?oh=59d0906011deb9017fd980b7e4d7e841&oe=59B6102E ... https://i.imgur.com/U19Iv1r.png it really bugs me when i see people upload phone screenshots like this . it's not the content , it's the uncleared notifications . i like things neat and organised ... i'm 5w4 and i was looking up some profiles just then . the accuracy is so uncanny , it never ceases to make me laugh in amazement , and sometimes tug my collar with a slight sense of discomfort when ... i'm 5w4 : happy : sometimes i think i'm more intj-ish than infj . i do think i make better use of te than fe ( albeit marginally ) , but i have absolutely no fi at all , which makes me think i'm probably ... fabi is into so many things they are removed from the family tree though on the subject of illegitimate children of pharoahs , sigmund freud once wrote an absolutely terrific book titled moses and monotheism , arguing that ... right , i have done a little bit of studying and let's now look at the ptolemies . before we begin , please accept my apologies for the inaccuracy of my previous post on the subject . egypt was never ... that is an upsetting story , but at least the children should not have had the genetic trauma of such direct incest as was practiced by many ancient royal families . i posted a few weeks ago about the ... you have the epitome of so many #relationshipgoals i wish i knew more people who liked , encouraged , and shared in my intellectual curiosity and interests , instead of making me feel weird for being ... you guys have to learn something new about ancient history from me everyday ( or to be precise , i learn something new in ancient history every day , and i post about it here ) . today we're going to be ... if you're trying to do some market research , be advised that i only buy things if they have been endorsed in classic hip-hop music . dj quik said , i went from wearing khakis to sergio tacchinis , ... i'm under a lot of pressure right now https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hxly4yS6kCw i'm stressed , smoking weed and nicotine but what i really need is promethazine why are so many conspiracy theorists obsessed with the one world currency , as if it's some new fangled idea ? it's been that way since forever . thousands of years ago , gold was the one world currency ... i think he's intj today i was reading about arthashastra , by chanakya , who was an indian philosopher and advisor to chandragupta maurya who lived through the late 4th century bce . so , he was a contemporary of plato , ... i'm not worried about a skynet style ai takeover at all . ai is shit and stupid , as anybody who's ever played a strategy game would know . even if you build a self-learning ai , all it can ever learn is ... my dad is good at it what's that mean ? i was joking about me turning gay for him mithridates vi of pontus has such gorgeous hair https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/Mithradates_VI_of_Pontos.jpg/272px-Mithradates_VI_of_Pontos.jpg ... what is my avatar it is vahyavishdapaya , of the sassanids . what is its story i was watching legendoftotalwar's ( the short tempered , foul mouthed australian ) recent youtube upload of his ... how do you all deal with emotional stress / pain i withdraw into myself , keeping away from the source of my pain , whether that's an institution , event or experience in my life , or if it's an ... so basically , as long as something is represented like this https://i.imgur.com/RLH27Hf.png instead of like this https://i.imgur.com/dQzSCLw.png ( these are the exact same tracks : i always wanted this too , but when you do find someone like that , turns out they're different in the one way that actually matters most of all - they , unlike me , are not looking for a mirror image of ... i have some questions for you all what makes something classical music ? does it have to be a certain age ? does it have to use certain instruments ? does it have to not use certain ... will to power is stronger than will to life . even the most powerful living things will risk life for more power . what does not kill me will only make me stronger . all living beings strive to maximize their will to power ; this is the meaning of life . that doesn't necessarily mean wielding power over others , though . i don't really want that . i mean , i could ... sounds like me : laughing : while i wouldn't say something like that exactly , i do have a very dry sense of humour '