' viizzy , yeah , i have that effect on people :P i guess it's fine as long as it flows forwards into new interesting avenues i've been told before about this , it does make sense . you don't ... dunno if it helps but drinking water helps me during stress . hot baths are instant mood boosters too ... oh and exercise , i think it releases something inside us that makes us feel good . fae , oh yeah , walking on eggshells ... i sure as hell hate that :/ hmm ... i still thought the infjs had a ton of patience that compensated for it , so that's not the case ? : happy : i disagree , i've had some good flows with infjs ... so far and i'm supposed to be of the opposite typ . the dual thing seems to be valid this i agree :) fae , hmm ... actually having fe as your aux . wouldn't you be naturally in tune with people's feelings and find ways to sugarcoat the opinion rather than just shoot like that ? so , there's a ... elvish lives , so , i've noticed :) i've heard of that before but the big question is what's the process to get hold of a membership ? well , if it helps . the awkwardness is kinda cute :) anyhow , question ... did you mean to say that you avoid getting crushes altogether or do you just avoid being around your crushes ? cause the ... viizzy , well , yeah two ne users can roll together pretty easily but as much as i hate it , i love the challenge of holding a conversation with some of those types ( i do get burnt out ... viizzy , yes , one of the many things :) well so far , from my perspective ... they seem to toss in a lot of ideas . way too many all at once , too jumpy . the ideas themselves may not be too ... kacamata , hehe , so in short . if you have a crush on someone , you'd shift into being very talkative ? :P ehh .. it's normal . most people are like that but a balance is the best way to go ... viizzy , i didn't mean that way ... actually . i guess changing from push to nudge wasn't enough :P what i mean is like you create a situation that'd lead you there , the right circumstances for ... passmethecookies , looks like it's pretty derailed already :P so , i'm not gonna withhold my opinion . i think tea is better than coffee , the former is kinda ... viizzy , i missed that one ! but i've seen it . it's like , you need to push them over the edge ... hmm , more like nudge em over into liking something . after that , they keep on rolling . you ... aija , thank you for confirming that , now i know that i can confidently use those observations to mark out the intps in the crowd . also , i think my se-ti constantly conflicted with the ... , how about getting like a cut down version of the mbti questionairre and going around saying you're doing a survey . they'd be curious about the theory for sure plus you'd get to ... nezaros and graficcha , erm ... i wasn't actually explaining the joke . it's just that i didn't think much on the picture and blurted out the first thought that came into my ... thanks for the video , i think i might like the show . as for stereotyping intp chicks , the one i know is kinda similar so i guess it fits but i've always thought it was more cause of the person rather ... oh crap ! she's gonna lose that eye when she fires it :( thanks for the video . the monkey dentist was particularly funny :) , the tiger and the dog gifs you put for isfps look cute and ... the estp ones seem about right .. but i dunno why < . < , again the isfp gif ... i look forward to the replies in this thread , could give me some good insights into ya all awesome folks ;) does that include sitting in park with a bunch of people ? :P aaand now , some estps do too ... sometimes : cool : hampton there's no arguing with someone who's been there and done that . what prompted you to make that firm stand though ? the shift from ' trying ' to ' quitting ' ? i've come ... what's wrong with that one ? people can't quit overnight , if they're gradually reducing how often they smoke ... they're trying to quit . have some fun , play along see how far they'd go and then burst the bubble : angry : now , that is a kick in the nuts : sad : wear thick rimmed black glasses , look intelligent and wave a thick book of quantum physics in their general direction ! jk i think they're a curious lot , keep feeding that and they'll be hooked . ... oh , that is the problem . i'll take a while , be indecisive and eventually just do whatever i felt at the moment . also thinking internally burns me out fast . what i do is sorta like this ... hi sallyjones , i think i initially got drawn into it as a shortcut that i could have used to profile people ( instead of using my experience ) , then i got burnt out by the theory , they seemed ... hi sallyjones , i think i initially got drawn into it as a shortcut that i could have used to profile people ( instead of using my experience ) , then i got burnt out by the theory , they seemed ... hehe i dunno whether to laugh or cry to that ... i tried fixing it ! ( i pushed in one more observation ) sooo , after my brief interaction with you all on the things i wish other people would stop saying thread i've become curious on how you guys deal with a problem . do you : a ) get all the data , ... hehehe , i like your sense of humour and i was gonna thank you just for the self-smacking but unfortunately the forums seem to not want us to be thankful for all you mods :P hmm , that's ... reminds me of someone or an advice i got a long while ago ... hmm ehm .. not fluffled and fried . more like remember that frog scene in al gore's global warming documentary ? it's sorta like ... lol , i thought that was an intp thing ! but i admit , i made a bunch of typoes over there , don't kill me for it ! :P besides i don't think smacking a mod would be too healthy for me < . < your reply ... oh hell ! you guys nearly have it reverse compared to me . this is almost like fisting a bee hive , almost scary , but for the just cause of insight into your type , cultural exchange and what not , i'd ... here's some food for thought , i've some observations where i think my inferior ni comes into play : 1 ) improvisations : i'm generally good with repairs or non-standard stuff to ... i don't think i've ever been diagnosed with depression ( i think i might have adhd though ) but i've had a bit here and there . it's sorta like the seasons . just comes and goes , i'm not an expert or ... hmm ... i'm not so sure , that does sound a bit like me . i always get distracted by stuff going on around me . i think the best way forward here is to see ' what ' distracts you ? what affects your focus ... hmm , i asked that primarily to see if you were good at ' thinking internally ' . based on what you say , you seem to have many inferences but it's just that you don't disclose them . as for me ...   ... oookay .. : shocked : i had a feeling you would be , which is why i asked .. just to be sure . this .. i think clearly points towards si , afaik si users have that preference for having stuff in very ... well , i mainly read portions of the very first thread and the way she was responding to the remaining ones ( not the answer itself ) . she seems to use te for certain , i think you've already agreed with ... tiasie , i see that this place has gotten hijacked into an endless debate , lol . that comparison you made of the f and t couples seem spot on . so far , the major difference i've noticed between f ... hmm ... that was just my personal opinion cause i tend to be a bit lazy with reading :P i guess more information would infact help type you more accurate . lol , nah don't thank me . i was just ... just a disclaimer first , i only checked out how you answered the picture question since you were only confused between n and s . so , from the way you answered it i think you use se , you were talking ... ok , for some reason , i felt a bit frightened reading through some of the stuff in there :P anyhow here's what i think , just consider it as a basic analysis of sorts , i'm still trying to understand ... , yeah , that makes sense . i'm curious how your ne works when compared to my se , is it like the difference in quantity of ideas ? like you get a shit ton of them , while i only get a few ? or ... oh man ! you wrote a lot , lol . do they like give you more stars when you do that ? i got curious of this thread cause it had like 5/5 stars in it . no , don't get me wrong , i'm not being too critical , ... adonis , i don't think i'd be too good at analysing it , tried a bit but meh . if you'd like we could talk and see how much we can relate to each other or how much we don't . should be a more ... '