' i'd be happy to give advice should you want some ;) it's overwhelming at first , i went through it , maybe start with meat free mondays , build up your veggie recipe book over time , and when it feels ... :p erc 3 : if you ever need any advice i am happy to help xx i've been vegetarian a year and a half now , and it comes with challenges , for me mostly socially . i still learn every day ! good for you and hugs ;) i 100 % read myself in your post . me exactly x it's tough to stand up to the meaner meat eaters , but at least we try ;) i used to be anemic before going vegetarian 1 1/2 years ago , i have no issues any longer . there is a misconception on protein . broccoli in the same amount contains more protein than a pork chop . i ... exactly how i've felt my whole life ! completely alone and not understood at all , even when i try hard to be . i recently met an infj and we really connected on a deep level , able to talk like we've ... i am very much in love with your sketch ! i really really relate , and you are mighty talented ! this made my day ... thank you x may i pin your art on my office board ? i work from home , so just for me to ... 312714 i've started playing drums , got a kit for my birthday 2 months ago . i've never played an instrument before , and i am loving it ! never thought i'd be able to do it :) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8uNwjkna6I i can't ever fully describe how amazingly happy this thread has made me ! ! ! i love my pj days , i have at least one a week ( today ) and no adult stuff allowed on those days . simply lazying around in ... nooo ! i am busy working and your purrr * makes me want to go curl up on my bed with a book until i fall asleep haha damn you i say * fist in air * damn you ! i have to try hard sometimes too ;) there will always be challenges ... my off days i call my pajama days , and i isolate myself as much as i possibly can , i usually tell people beforehand that ... i can definitely relate . i like to know before friends are going to pop around for a visit , in order to emotionally prepare . i hate last minute plans , especially if it means being social and includes ... sleep is one of my favourite things to do ! ! ! i looove it . i work from home and make my own hours , and i am a definite night owl . so i go to bed between 2 and 4am and get up between 10/11 am . i am ... i'm getting to the age now ( 29 ) where i embrace being an introvert and everything that makes me weird and awkward . i love being different , and i love my off days where no one is allowed to expect ... damn evil pants ! lucky for me i work from home ... heehee * virtual hugs * take as many as you need ;) oooooooooooo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjpc9KE-kW0 the pain forms a circle with a light at the center i can see it from here the end is coming and all the wait , it was for nothing i covered you in ... :) i remember this film from my own research into dissociative identity disorder years back . it always fascinated me , and this film stuck in my head ... made me smile to see it here :) definitely me :) i know you have to realize it yourself , and hopefully you will , but i'll try to save you loads of unnecessary craziness , i've learnt this from my twenties ... accept yourself as you are ( my bad for the ... exactly me ... to the last word : tongue : love and healing light xx everytime ! ! ! life xoxo ugh it's a curse ! know the feeling ... christmas with the flu sucks ass ! ! ! but then again i wouldn't have ended up back here again after all this time :) there's your answer ... start helping animals instead ... there is a pug puppy out there waiting for you to help :) you will xx aha moment ... recently made a lifestyle change , and this makes so much sense now ! ! ! wow i have not been here ( on this site ) for a very very looong time ... glad to be back , i suddenly needed to feel a sense of belonging , and i am very happy i came here instead of going a darker ... lol ... washed my hair with conditioner once i haven't been here in a very very long time , and it is so good to be back :) i am getting that warm , cosy feeling i got when i first found you guys ... i had a lot going on and was feeling very ... zilchopincho i just love your avatar ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcZeTo1DiP8 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3-ChFUD5OKY from south africa :) 2918129182 2918329184 i truly hope so ... thank you :) wow , i'm saving this one and reading it everyday ! 2884928850 2885128852 28853http :/ / personalitycafe.com/images/styles/animatedarena/misc/pencil.png 2884328844 2884528846 28847 the more people i meet the more i like my dog i've wished many times that i could make myself less human and become one of the wise , pure , simple ones ... exactly how i felt about this new years eve , like i'm supposed to wake up on new years day and it will all be different . that i will be better , my problems will be less , i'll be more at peace . but ... really beautiful ! right up my alley , thank you for sharing ! thank you for sharing this ... i wish i could believe that i am good enough , it's easy to pretend but i don't feel it in my heart . i wonder if i will ever be at peace with myself . i know i am a good ... “ tension is who you think you should be . relaxation is who you are . ” chinese proverb thank you for that , it is helping a lot that my boyfriend quit with me . we are struggling , it's not the easiest thing i've ever done , and i know it will take time , but we want a family one day , and ... '