' well its not being better at empathy then is it if you have limits in understanding others , even if you acknowledge them . some other types can empathise without having the experience . you might be ... lol calm down guys , an entp told me this so i was wondering if it was actually true . i'm not close with any infj in real life to make those assertions . that infjs like to read and understand people so they can use this knowledge to hurt them when they hurt the infj ? do infjs also feel morally superior to everyone else ? don't even try it infjs , he's an infp . that laila is an infj . i understand the irony of the title is it because too many are bad for society ( ie you only need a few for society to work ) or that they don't survive as well as others ? or are they not as rare as we are lead to believe ? i think a lot of infps would like to be infjs ( i did at one point , but realised im infp ) i think a lot of it comes down to the fact that infps are perceived to be less organised and decisive infjs , ... he's having doubts , but that's because he's an infp , not because he doesn't like you . just stick in there he'll be back . how does it feel to be the pussy of the nts ? in conclusion ni works as a mirror wall , that intuitively and quickly understands it's enemy , generating different solutions for each situation . ni could fight anyone , without previous data or ... try meditation , headspace is a useful app ! is it love if they don't love you back ? i don't think so ... maybe its the animalistic se under stress , maybe its the cold ti or maybe i just annoy you gals easily :) id say it's testosterone and oestrogen . more testosterone / less oestrogen , more masculine traits . less testosterone / more oestrogen , more feminine traits . which is why you have some more feminine men ... i believe that fi is the hardest cognitive function to control and master . but once it is controlled and mastered , it gives you the power to understand yourself fully and the drive to change the ... because the one's i know are nice on the outset , but they do have this aggressive side to them . compared to my infp sweeties :) was a struggle , but finally made it as a doctor last week :D i don't understand what the whole bit about doing well in maths and reading has to do with not being an infp ? intelligence is different from type . the way to know if you're an infp or intp is ... would an infj need an entp for the logic though ? she doesnt seem to have had a vision about something she's working towards . she seems to have a general idea on what she wants which is fuelled by ... so would you say your extraverted sensing is greater than , say , your 3rd function introverted feeling ? is there a particular reason why functions need to be in a certain order , and are there only 4 ... i'm thinking infp with a cause , with her own version of saving the world by ridding slavery and getting the iron throne back . leading with inspiration . she's not particularly logical but appreciates ... i believe you have access to all functions and can develop them ... but will cause you a lot of stress . for example , if i want to develop my te , i just have to be more goal orientated and the other ... so you're all 3 then ? ;) wisteria then what do you think she is ? shes not an infj ... is danerys an infp ? reckful ixim from reading the debunking sites , they don't seem to understand what mbti is ; they think its 4 letters rather than the cognitive functions . regarding cognitive functions i fail to see ... come on guys . hey guys , occasionally i have very vivid dreams that are basically movies . does anyone else experience these ? are they worth writing down ? northern finland , a mad scientist has opened a portal into a parallel universe ... i wrote that almost 3 years ago doing my psych rotation at med school ... thankfully i have changed my opinions on personality disorders . i agree with your post . being logical , strong minded , assertive , dominant ... stereotypical traits society think as manly , as opposed to empathetic , caring , sensitive , emotional which society says are sterotypically ... you don't think so ? why ? on holiday . if i wasn't i would hardly be here because i wouldn't have this much free time . when i don't have holiday , the only reason i come on here is when i feel down or have self doubt . ah , i see ! fair enough . yeah that potential for growth may not be there and the potential for the fi vs fi time bomb is always there . tbh , in real life it may be different to these threads . maybe ... not all infps are the same ... don't you feel an infp guy would actually understand what you're going through and so find it a lot easier to help you ? ( not hitting on you lol , just saying another infp ... i actually think there are some other types who are better at this sort of thing , namely extroverted feelers . not only do they have the way with words , their non verbal communication means it doesn't ... i'll hug it out bro that treat others the way you wish to be treated quote i remember , and thinking it was such a refreshing way of thinking about interactions with others . so it was from you :) yeah it's ... i hope you do some day thing is , i was known as blunt myself . i had to retake a year of med school because my communication skills were not up to scratch in dealing with emotional patients , and i learned and understood the ... really ? ok that's very interesting . will incorporate this ! so that's how you guys would take it . but can you not see how other people wouldn't take it the same way ? do you not think it is important ... lol , that first comment about msbossypants was a joke , because i know she can take it ! sorry if that came across as rude msbossypants . no , rydark said that to verity 3 and i didn't see any notion of ... what do you think is the best course of action to improve interactions ? is it simply entjs putting more care into the way they communicate and infps not getting so worked up and so judgemental ? would ... so if i said something distasteful about your character , that's your problem and not mine ? im not to blame for what i said ? i think we are talking about two different things here , i was talking ... because you have that power to alter the emotions and feelings of others with words . it's quite a great power if you think about it . and with great power comes great responsibility . : wink : look i get ... i thought i got rid of you ? : laughing : but you have to admit that mental illness comment was out of line . what was the need and where was the evidence of mental illness ? yes i'm not saying your so flawed , i'm just saying the way you have said certain things have rubbed a lot of us the wrong way . other entjs haven't . i'm not sure if you meant to or not . just something to ... not true ! i love fast chaotic environments , stops me thinking too much ... and we are quite social if we want to be ! we are more than our preferred cognitive functions :) you definetly need to improve your communication skills if you want to be a successful doctor dude . i know it might be difficult for you but it's important . can you not see how you have ... '