' i live by the start nothing , finish everything maxim of martial artists everywhere . i only use violence defensively , but the right to self-defense , it's something i cherish . i particularly love ... the one missing something is me . i missed you and your courageous soul . < / 3 anyways , what have you been up to ? found this through an episode of the syndicated radio program sunday baroque . it's essentially music from an unmade final fantasy game . simply awesome .  ... if fruity pebbles weren't artificial garbage , this would be a great idea . no , it doesn't sound more likely . although clearly you prefer this remote deistic conception of god more than the theistic christian one . when i read about the world being destroyed in the deluge , or ... just like capitalism or racism , spiritual seems to be a word with no fixed meaning , only the varied meanings assigned to it by various people . i don't especially care for her . i assume her appeal is greatest among females with a masochistic side , and i am neither of those . i have a little garden . it's currently just three potted plants that i attend to : basil , thyme and oregano . but perhaps someday it will nourish all the people of the land . not only did my biological parents divorce , for both of them , it wasn't their first marriage . they've been divorced for almost 16 years and my life has had its high points , its low points , its medium ... this'll be my definitive , standing post on politics and personality types . in recent years , psychologists have discovered that you can observe a magnetic resonance image of a human brain and ... i dated a young woman who i'd guess was a type 6 , for a year . unfortunate circumstances beyond our control forced us to end the relationship , but while it lasted it was a very good relationship . i'm ... you know you're a dominant extraverted intuition user when edgy non-sequiturs are a greatly preferred conversational method . person 1 : i love museums ! my favorite is the frank lloyd wright museum ... nope . they creep me out . i know that they're useful to have around , that they're preventing the bugs from taking over the world , so i still support them . i just don't want them near me . if my extraverted thinking is the function i've chosen to utilize at a moment , then yes , i might force someone to do something , but i'd rather not have to do that . you know that painting of dogs playing poker ? i'd like to see a painting of police officers smoking marijuana , chilling out and having a good time . all good points dezir . i support benign ethnocentrism and racial realism , but pride movements bear more resemblance to the leftist everyone gets a trophy / self-esteem ideas , and no one needs those . ( duplicate post , please delete if seen ) have you ever had your magnesium levels checked ? i've heard having adequate-to-strong magnesium levels can prevent adhd symptoms . i drink a small glass of citrus-flavored magnesium nitrate powder ... about 2/3 of adhd-diagnosed children show a noticeable improvement in their symptoms when placed upon the gut and psychology syndrome diet . ( refraining from dairy , gluten , eggs , and several other ... acknowledging that perc has suffered a rollback glitch , i adapted to the problem and got a new avatar . i like it . listen in awe and you'll hear him bark at the moon . he's actually a coyote , not a ... just informing those who aren't aware : there is an infp personality cafe chatroom on skype . if you would like to be linked to it , please send a private message to myself , database error or ... that place where my best friend moved to a decade ago and i miss him and i wish i lived closer i'm wondering if i could afford to live in the san francisco bay area if i went down to fisherman's wharf with a big jar and a sign saying stop trump ! donate now ! for 8 hours a day . given the ... it's a combination of power , wealth and widespread geographic distribution . english is the primary language of countries on three continents ( north america , europe and oceania ) . all of these ... quoted for truth . shahada : you die if you work . liking america and freedom is dumb . government bureaucrat : ms . shahada , because of an anti-american statement you recently made on the internet , we have decided to ... my take : the average 4 is one of the more feminine types but personally , i'm not non-masculine . there are most definitely type 2 men who aren't non-masculine . the truth ! no matter what the cost . if it offends people , that doesn't matter . i did ? : laughing : show me where i disavowed a border wall and nationalism on trade . dis gon be gud . i'm unsure of the accuracy of some of this and i doubt the research is rigorous enough . not just saying that because my type scored last in income either . i'd like to see this report done with better ... my policy proposals are based on objective truth and conforming to righteousness . what you perceive as me being spiteful isn't actually the case . we live in a world where there are people who ... first comment on a post made 20 months ago ? sounds good to me ! my roommate is an entp , self-preservation type 7 . when i read him this description , he declared it was accurate . i see him as ... after going back and listening to both of my submissions , i think i sang the first one better . more to come . i just drove 1,500 + miles on a road trip with my two closest friends , we were safe the entire time , we hiked and swam multiple times , got to eat delicious food , got to converse about our lives and ... every 458 has the deep desire to be batman . no exceptions . a kind guy , but not a nice guy . the worst nightmare for those who torment the innocent . btw i think a decent amount of infps are the ... perc having problems . it has numerous purposes depending on the relationship between the two parties . for total strangers , it's usually just for fun and to flatter the other person , make them feel happy and attractive , ... currently , i'm puzzled by how i'm running into people who talk about something with the confidence that comes from being intimately experienced with and knowledgeable about that thing , only to find ... a few days ago , i played volleyball on the beach . i saw five people playing , so i walked over to them , said hi , mind if i join you ? and they gladly allowed me . it was a married father and mother , ... until when ? everyone in the thread is married and babies are being born ? : cool : covfefe is a typo that president trump recently made in a tweet . when he published it , he laughed about it by adding : who can figure out the true meaning of ' covfefe ' ? enjoy ! it would benefit you to know that the author i quote wasn't being entirely serious in his evaluation of men and woman as natural enemies . ever wonder if god has a sense of humor ? clearly he does . in creating man and woman , as natural enemies doomed to mate . - john zmirak yes , i definitely want kids . when i was in high school , i wasn't sure if i wanted to have them . now , that's completely changed . i think this is probably because i learned i find fulfillment in ... given the avatar and signature you've chosen , you're one to talk . : wink : no one needs to ever hear hotel california , sweet home alabama or black dog again . bohemian rhapsody i like alot more but it's still massively overplayed . i've got bruce springsteen's badlands and the doors ' hello , i love you on there . i play drums and i plan on putting a drum karaoke to a song ( not yet chosen , taking suggestions ) up on there too . we can place you in the children's section of the thread and give you some red wine in a sippy cup . thank you for your cooperation . why wouldn't they ? sounded good . you should give me your ... ( stern club bouncer voice ) you 21 ? you gotta be 21 or older , otherwise you can't flirt with monadnock . he's strict about that sort of thing . plenty of people closer to you in age . nothing to worry ... my stated reason for liking trump is because he makes keith olbermann act funny , so if you're going to argue with something i've said , that would be the reason to direct your argument toward . : wink : '