' jamaia sorry to dissapoint you , bro ... : laughing : i know that you probably don't have much else in your life right now , so i will make you happy by lying like this : yeah , sure . you made me cry ... i ... jorji i have just watched spirit . i have loved him my whole life ! desthro no , i do not respect somebody ignorant and somebody who is insulting others . and what kind of an idiot asks do you it dead or alive animals . what is not understandable in what i said ? ! ... desthro i am explaining the reasons that i became a vegetarian , because you asked me . thank you very much . desire machine i stay behind what i said . i do think that people who cook animals like that are savages . it is a method that was used in times when people didn't even have a stove or anything ... it ... c'mon desire machine i see ya all the time , ask me somethin ' : wink : desthro i don't really understand your new question . i adore animals and i have rescued many , so i would never do anything to hurt them . anything . i will never consume a living creature . when i say ... jamaia too late 4 that jamaia it is not the violation of rules . there are no rules . i hate rules and , as an entp , i'm the last to want somebody to obbey them , but this just had nothing to do with the thread . nothing ... idontthinkso i don't care for u , man ... : laughing : jamaia if you agree with me than why do you keep breaking the rules with posting this hideous video . jesus christ ! please answer me what's it 4 . jamaia what the hell r u doing dude ? this is not a commercial site . stay on topic . what the hell is this video for ? ? ? ! ! ! jamaia thank you for wanting me back . : wink : i am not that persistant . hahah i tune in rarely ... ( tune in ? wow , tune disney referance ahaha ) why the hell you want to destroy your lap-top . don't do ... binge thinker thanks ! to be honest , i don't really watch tv at all ! but every now and then i like to catch up ( not ketchup hahah ) with a documentary about secrets and mysteries like about aliens and ... desthro - i literally live on chocolate . that is by far my favorite food . in any form : chocolate bar , chocolate cream , chocolate ice cream , chocolate pudding , chocolate candy ... my friends can't ... jamaia well thanks , but what do u mean , cause i am not a guest , nor a stranger , newbie or a rookie . i am a member . i have been on the foru for 2 months and i am very active ... ? fueledbyevil it feels awesome to be the minority as uniqueness and originality is the core of entps in the first place . also , another thing i have noticed is that there is no greater diversion than ... idontthinkso i don't think so ... : tongue : hey everyone ! i am octopus 1 and i am an entp-a . like any extrovert , i like talking and prefer to answer questions , than to make them ! and ... like any mbti with a tendeny to narcissistic ... ctrlfeelings thank you sensational well , maybe your stepdad is an exeption , but , unfortunatelly , whenever i have to turn my concepts into reality , i am very anxious and avoid doing it because i am affraid that it may not ... psychedelicmango the songs totally gives extp vibe ... where did you get the nurturing , caring , motherly , responsible vibe from it ? it is totally bold , energetic and life-loving . it deffinitely has ... carpentet 810 hahah you aren't that openminded for an entp ... that is the point ! you see : there were entps asking me questions about being one . that way we get to make each other stronger , and learn ... carpentet 810 come on bddy join innn ! inverity awww thanks ... : cool : one of my best friends is intp . we sit next to each other in the class . i have known her for 12 years , so i don't really have to wonder how it would be like to be an ... inverity ask me some more ! i feel like answering questions ! : crazy : tanstaafl 28 honestly , i don't really like sci-fi movies . if the dark knight counts , then it would be the one , but not because of the batman , but because of the geniousness that joker is . joker is one ... inverity i am so glad you asked me that ! i love to talk and often people think that i am arguing even when i am not . some people just don't get that i put 0 % emotions into an argument or , as a like ... tsubaki not until now ... hahaha ! but there's one thing for sure : i will never have the feeling that i will make waffles in my own appartment ! #lazy when i want waffles or pancakes i pretend to be ... rien i see you watchin the thread . c'mmon ask me a question . skeletalz i am really into weird stuff . mostly art-related . so i paint , mostly modern , abstract art and i like going to galleries and seeing those kind of pictures as well . it's not really that i do ... hey everyone ! i am octopus 1 and i am an entp-a . like any extrovert , i like talking and prefer to answer questions , than to make them ! and ... like any mbti with a tendeny to narcissistic ... i agree with your deffinition of extroversion vs introversion , but he obviously doesn't get his energy from the outside world . he is an obvious introvert . the thing that sways you in the wrong ... simplyrivers oh ! hahah ! please check out my thread that i linked you ! thanks . gossip goat why do you think so ? because he is a celebrity ? that is so shallow to think somthin like that . he is an obvious introvert . 106 % . it is so obvious . and he does have a high se , but it is ... simplyrivers it doesn't really matter that much for luke . jai is the cute one . btw , what does this egalitarian thing mean ? ili is socioncs type . i know that , since i am an ile , rcuei is the big ... simplyrivers thank you ! wow ! you are smart , you don't argue with me ! : wink : some other people here should learn to be like you ! : tongue : now tell me , isn't he cute ? do you think that his brother ... psychedelicmango how the hell did you type me as an esfj ? : laughing : simplyrivers well here is a video where he describes himself . that way you can judge best . he know himself more than we know him ... or does he ? : wink : he is the one on the left . ( he always seems to ... sun daeva i am glad we agree . so isfp it is ... : wink : wow ! i think that i have a thing for fi-dom guys , like this one ... simplyrivers please help me ( develope your inferior fe ;) ) with this , this means so much to me . and don't get swayed away by my thinking process . explain to me your own . thank you ! god bless you , ... simplyrivers i am back ! : tongue : i am ready to dig in ok , here is my take on jai's personality . ( just so you know , i usually don't break it down to the letters when i want to type someone , i do it ... simplyrivers that helps a lot ! thank you , budd . :p roud : i would like it if we could discuss it further more ( you know me - love to talk ;) ) , but let's do it tomorrow , ok ? it is 4 ; 17 am here and i ... counterintuitive hahaha ! he doesn't get the sarcasm omg ! : laughing : i am dying ! ! ! : laughing : i was sarcasticly trying to be as nice as to use the words decent human being . haha when i am being ... counterintuitive why so negative , bro ? i asked for help and if you don't want to be a decent human being , than don't ! your knowledge of entps is so shallow and stereotypical , that it is painfully ... oh , and i think that i am ile-ne , but i don't remember . i might do the test again . counterintuitive so can you describe this combination , use your own words . don't just say what i know , tell me something i don't know . : wink : and can you please help me with this thread , please : ... a temperamental flutist what do you think ? say smth hahah he was very depressed after breaking up with her , but , a couple of months later he forgave her and they began dating again . he seemed happier than ever . then , all of a sudden , she dumped him again , ... hey guys , so i have been wondering this over a year . i have had a crush on this guy for some time now and i was wondering if you can help me type him . i have little to no idea what his mbti type is ... esfj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ISiGtxsN5d0 '