' i'm in love and life is great . today it all struck me ; how beautiful it is that the spring is coming , how everything is slowly falling to a right place , how i live with the right people and have been ... i have very mixed feelings about university . i think on a paper it seems to be an ideal place for infps , after all , they seem to do much better in an academic world full of theories , research and ... i think they would say : please let me out of here . now . i'm really mediocre in everything i do . i'm almost sure björk and van gogh are infps . read his diaries , read her lyrics or watch her videos . also , i think björk somehow stands apart from the isfp musical performers like michael jackson , ... http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_loe1k5Vi1O1qkhpgko1_500.jpg http://www.eyeshadowlipstick.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/Kelly-Mittendorf-by-Nikolai-de-Vera-3.jpg ... janosch - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i'm sure janosch , the polish german children's author was infp . just had to mention it ! if you aren't familiar with his work check out little tiger and ... elementary school : i wasn't interested at all because my primary goal in life as early as at 7 was to become an artist . so i practiced drawing during all the classes and skipped all the learning . i ... hey there all the amazing infps on this forum . i decided to write here about my infp life with some stereotypical infp problems . i've been in a great apathy this whole year . it's like my life ... i'm right now in southern france and this is a very infp place . i feel like people don't think i'm weird like in my country ... i'm still weird but i feel accepted more . ah , also it's so ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ilSJvY928-Y don't get angry with yourself . i'll heal you . me and my friend were just talking about how she's usually late from appointments and how that pisses off some people . to the point where she has been told that she has no control over her life . ... when you follow your heart . when you try not to rationalize the decisions you just have to feel . when you dive into music , when you see sound and voices and feel colors . this . hearing you say that was so important to me . thank you . ( i'm right now so stuck with my university studies , being back at the point zero again , at the age of 25 , trying to figure out wtf ... no way , i too studied french and comparative litterature :D and i was thinking about doing a minor in library sciences . how infpish . i have a ba in french philology and i'm doing my ma in ... i think up to high school math is very sensor based subject . but then at a hs level and even more at the uni level , it becomes something that intuitives grasp more naturally . when i was a child i ... i dont watch tv anymore usually , but when i was growing up i loved these : beavis and butthead daria the simpsons south park downtown stimpy and ren can't remember much else ... http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-uuFxjde78DM/TiQ06VqoD-I/AAAY/iti3ABFwTWc/s1600/axolotl.jpg axolotls ! they are very very rare ( almost extinct ) , they are naturally found only in one place in ... i'm sure björk is an infp . i see her typed as isfp too , a lot , but i see more ne than se in her . the way she communicates in her lyrics is very symbolic . she sings a lot about sexuality and ... one thing : being in a minority is almost always more difficult than being on an average or on a majority side . it doesn't matter in what minority you belong to , you will most likely have it harder if ... what is your job / career ? i work in an asian antiques and art gallery part time . also , i'm a part-time letter sorter at a post office . ( and , occasionally i get money by doing small web ... yeah i'm in as well ! to answer the question : of course infps could write romance novels ! probably all the greatest novelists of the romance period have been infps like victor hugo and goethe . i don't really like ... i've probably written about this before here , but i'm almost sure claude frollo from victor hugo's notre dame de paris is an infp or infj . he's such a great , complex , tragic character . he's an ... i think the movie was defintiely infp material , but not allen's best work of course . also , as an european who is soon moving to paris and can speak french , i think paris is highly exotized in ... i read every post on this thread . thanks everybody for posting . for the last month , i'm been once again fallen into a depressed state . thinking whether i should attempt suicide ... or just ... i can relate to you once again so much . i laugh at things that are completely unfunny . like once me and another infp friend laughed for a long time , when in a shopping mall a woman selling beauty ... your work sound great ! can i ask how did you get that job ? i'm studying a bsc in psychology right now and would like to do something similar . i basically have two jobs at the moment 1 . working ... http://www.hel-looks.com/big-photos/20111231_01.jpg ( i'm almost sure she's an infp . found this picture from a street fashion blog . ) like some of you , i've been perceived as stupid or slow when i've been working in menial jobs like cleaning or cafe assistant ( waiting tables , helping in the kitchen etc . ) i think many middle-aged ... because infps are so rare , i think we tend to self-diagnose ourselves with various personality disorders . the traits we show are simply just not so common in the other part of the population , which ... mine are : björk kate bush anais nin audrey tautou ( a possible infp ) sylvia plath fictional favourite infps : amelie poulain calvin i've actually met a one person through this forum . an infp who happened to live in the same country as i and studied at the same university as i , in the same town even the same major ! ! ( what a ... i think finland , iceland and norway are definitely introverted , but sweden is extroverted . i'm from finland and the mentality in finland and sweden is very different i think , despite the ... lalalalla ! ( sorry im just testing my signature ... ) i've been skinny and tiny all of my life . my body type is so-called ectomoprh . i got skinny and tiny genes , but also i forget to eat often and have fast metabolism . it's really all genetic : before ... i love the night and the very early morning , when you have stayed up the whole night . in the night time , when most of people sleep , a lot of energy is released . that's why it's best time to create ... internet is like having your own space shuttle or something ! microsoft's slogan used to be where do you want to go today ? & i think that's exactly what computers and the internet are . you are free ... http://images.nymag.com/images/2/daily/2010/10/05_kenzo_560x375.jpg http://www.teampeterstigter.com/uploads/2010/10/KENZO_WCFS11_601.jpg ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JMIE1DoBub8 one psychology major here :) like you and probably all infps , it was a hard choice to decide what major to choose . as a psychology student , however , i've been really enthusiastic with what i do ... here's an article of the guardian that deals with why wealth accumulates only to a very small percent of the population and the majority earns much less . it says that the explanation is the 80/20 ... idiosyncratic 15 sensitive 9 serious 9 dramatic 8 leisurely 8 mercurial 7 vigilant 7 adventurous 6 conscientious 6 solitary 5 i just go to my corner and start cutting myself . ( well , not really . anymore ! i've grown . ) i adore the following foods : pesto ( with black bread , olive oil , tomatoes and olives ) sushi ( all kinds of it ! ) japanese cuisine in general ramen noodles ! ( the great student food ) malaysian and ... aaaall the disney's late 80 ' s to 90 ' s classics and some later pearls , but especially : the lion king aladdin winnie the pooh the jungle book the hunchback of notre dame otherwise : the mask ... i'm sure björk is : http://www.youtube.com/watch?NR=1&v=hkeZNw5oyQk all the time . i feel like i can't live in this world . i've also many times considered suicide as an option because of it . living is so difficult . the op's link doesn't work anymore so here's a link for the same study : mystical experiences occasioned by the hallucinogen psilocybin lead to increases in the personality domain of openness ... http://fineartebooks.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/egon-schiele-gerti-163242.jpg http://uploads6.wikipaintings.org/images/egon-schiele/seated-woman-with-bent-knee-1917.jpg ... '