' hard to say how or when it happened , but at some point the scales tipped over and i started to trust that the more authentic me was good enough . i feel like i can make everyone like me if i want to ... what matters , and why ? no other question really matters in comparison ( ha ) ... :) my first assumption is that any person can achieve anything . that's my starting point . then in the next step i consider the most obvious realities , and move the possibilities backwards , so to say . if ... annoyed and guilty that i'm not feeling more ( for a girl ) ... i've realised that it's most likely related to a bigger issue , like add . gotta get on that . you seem to be lacking empathy , which might explain your view on people and also your post . because of that i don't really feel like explaining anything , but you take care . :) whatever the opposite of enfp is :D sincerely , an enfp oh , but why judge all people based on a few ? sure , many interactions are boring and are unlikely to become anything other than that , but that's only a real issue if you act like you're interested ... hello fellow enfp 9w8 sx / so ! :D well at first i just did a bunch of tests , and i got enfp on all of them except one test that i didn't like much anyway which said infp . then later when i ... i think wiz is onto something , because the reason i don't have a problem with this isn't that nobody ever tries to argue with me , but rather that when it happens it isn't a problem . :) and i hate ... what do you do when someone pushes you over the edge ? honestly , i don't think that has happened . it certainly might have since my memory is complete crap , but i really don't remember ever ... sure , you could focus on trying to ignore it , but this approach assumes that the truth is bad enough that ignoring it is worth the effort . it's not . the truth is actually not hard to handle . the ... depends how interesting the people we're talking about are , obviously . all people are interesting to me in the very beginning , but it varies how long it lasts . if there's a place filled with awesome ... i want to help you , but ironically i completely fail to empathize with this type of embarrassment , which makes it quite hard . i basically thrive on awkwardness in social situations , and also the game ... wait , what ? that happens ? what's wrong with people sometimes ? ? :( thank you for this , as i think this explains a few situations i've had . although , if a guy shows his emotions to you early on , ... my mind is dying because of this . my creativity is gone . thanks , people . :( now i posted this like it's a joke , but it's not , it's sad as fuck . this is why i have to start to really explore the ... nihm best videos ever , both of them ! i re-winded several times . pure enjoyment . :D thanks ! i almost always have fun when i go out to bars nowadays . walking up to girls always ends up being interesting somehow . even if we don't connect at all it's still interesting . if i fail completely and ... don't like her either , but i had to look at an interview on youtube to remember why . it seems like she's faking a lot and / or trying too hard all the time . and this was in an interview , so it's ... this may not be relevant to the guy you're talking about at all , but when i was younger i often didn't even consider if a girl liked me or not until it was made perfectly clear . i was too focused on ... boom . http://images4.fanpop.com/image/photos/221000/I-am-number-four-Promo-timothy-olyphant-22127198-1333-2000.jpg do what you feel like doing ( regardless of your fears ) , and then move on if it doesn't lead anywhere , which you objectively should've done a while ago . why should you put more time and effort on her ... enfp , but i do this all the time on this forum . if someone makes a thread asking for advice , then what i'm always thinking is that i don't even know them , so how could i possibly give them accurate ... interesting . i think to me it's mostly about the emotional cues , because not putting too much thought into someone's words is actually my natural inclination . words can be said in smooth ... i don't have an issue with it , but others might think i do . this doesn't mean that i always learn my lesson , but rather that i learn it when the lesson matters . it's rarely clear to me which action ... people don't drain me , having to focus on things that are not interesting drains me . if a situation is boring then i want to make it more fun , either by somehow making changes to my situation , or by ... i'm the last person that should try to answer , but also i don't care :D a wild guess based on nothing but my own experience would be something that has to do with smiling . how easy it is for a ... one issue i have with picking a career is that i always know that something better than the choice i have in mind is realistically possible , i just haven't come up with it yet . i then fail to accept ... enfp dating coach , or at least something with many similarities to that . i'm actually not sure if i need my dream occupation to be a paid one though , so my real dream is probably not definable ... woah ! i ... i'm afraid i can't play along . i love to flirt , but only when i see possibilities , only when i get a sense for the real chemistry , and right now there's no way i could have that sense . if ... yes ! ! ! she's so amazing ! :D i really love everything about her , and not just based on her acting but rather mostly on how she is in interviews and so on . i was gonna say she's been the only one like ... i barely have any knowledge on this subject at all , but isn't this a case where you don't do it if you're unsure ? in the same way that someone who's unsure if they want a tattoo or not probably ... don't have any celebrity crushes right now , but here are some pics anyway =) love odette annable's dress so had to pick that one of her :D ... i can't allow myself to do much gaming anymore . also trying out new games isn't as fun anymore either . the most recently released game i had a great time with is assassin's creed ii which came out in ... go fuck yourself . never mind the above , i'm just sorting out the prudes . :) being yourself isn't very normal ( or that's what i believe is true in my culture anyway ) , and because of this i think i'm not that normal . however if everyone were themselves then i'd likely be quite ... i don't know if a person is ready for a relationship if they think this way . this also seems like something that is easier to learn while still single , but maybe i'm wrong . one thing is certain , it's ... what i tend to do with girls who are taken that i'm interested in , is to make sure that we're both aware that we both like each other . and when i say making sure i actually only mean intuitively , ... do . do something . do something that isn't easy . do something that isn't the result of an impulse . do something that makes you grow . do something for someone else . do something for love . do ... if you feel like you have to put in effort to keep the conversation going , or even feeling like you should keep it going whatsoever , then doing so won't be worth the trouble in my opinion . say what ... hi and welcome ! wow i feel like i know you already ! ! ! olet hauska ! haluatko napatakupin kahvia kanssani joskus ? heh maybe i will ! okay i've probably de-railed your thread enough now ... =) ooh , that's what you meant : tongue : cool , hehe , well it's understandable because finnish is completely insane : wink : i really should learn a few phrases though , so i can flirt with finnish ladies in ... luckywanderer http://img-2011-12.tapatalk.com/d/12/09/13/aqezu3a2.jpg jajaja :D okay , i'll believe you , cause ignorance is bliss yep , gotta represent our country , and trolling is obviously the best way to do it ! i'm listening to wheatus - teenage dirtbag now , ... my listening patterns are way too random to even answer ... so sweeedeeen ! ! : laughing : is all i have to say ! okay , i'll link a song because it's so original and amazing and nobody will like it ... i don't think i even want to go to bed early anyway . i only really care about how much sleep i get when the next day quite likely will bring opportunities to connect with women ( that i either know ... i don't know my opinion yet , so i will try to form it throughout the post , but it will likely change after posting as well . thanks . no action is wrong without context . true or false ? i'm very ... you problem is taking action , and thus : taking action = success not doing so = failure if we're talking about chatting up girls , then i may have had some regrets about the details of the ... he's being an asshole , and you should ideally move on . if you want to make sure before doing that though , then you can send him a text where you tell him how he's behaving ( like an asshole ) , and ... desolan sure sure , i simply forgot about that because oil was on my mind , and the principle for me is 99.9 % the same . '