oh , i love the smiths . i think , this one is the closest it gets to that feeling : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=THhw9jHc5Zs this may seem rather lame but since i truly enjoy being sad could you name the most ridiculously sad song about ... i would have to say the drums http://i51.tinypic.com/rlb09c.jpg i love them . i was thinking of writing somthing like nirvana or the smiths but that wouldn't be necessarily true ; i sometimes find ... from the people i've known , i think enfj , the loveliest type in terms of putting up with my infp bullshit isfps can also be very sweet and easygoing intjs are also very delightful and easy to ... oh .. and - ' are you high ? ' , of course .. are you on the crazy train ? do your dishes http://i54.tinypic.com/ea1v2s.jp hey sksk . first of all , i have to say , i relate so much . many people have said it already , but i have to say it again : 1 . let it go . let the tiny little evil voice say what it has to say , just ... 17 and was not impressed at all . it got much much better though . it's probably a bad idea to say it here but i sometimes can't stand other infps . the ones that take themselves too seriously and think they're oh so different and their feelings are more important ... preoccupied ! yeees , yeees , get as close as possible to me , now . http://www.web-research-design.net/crq/images/blank.gif you cannot imagine how helpful this post is . thanks so much ! i do sometimes either forget or ignore that we are socially constructed beings and the concept of self worth does not develop without the ... i have tested as intp on several occasions . also , enfp . yeah , tell him , and don't drop hints , just hammer the nail . otherwise they won't get it . i think intj's rarely show anything at all - _ - or the way they do it , you might just mistake them for wanting ... hey people . does this sound familiar . you know how it should be in theory , you know you should put yourself first , love yourself before being able to love others and all that jazz , yet you keep ... a d * * * in a box ! sorry , couldn't resist it . i hope this isn't offensive to anyone :d http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2GkTu7JLLNk that i sing like kurt cobain : happy : also , that i'm nonjudgemental and accepting someone also told me i'm like wild strawberries in snow ( didn't quite get what exactly that's supposed to mean ... if you don't want to piss infps off , don't point out how impractical / flaky / airy / messy / disorganized / oblivious to reality / self-delusional we are . those are the weak spots for me . if someone ... i always thought that sylvia is an infp . but it's hard to tell . i read her journals and some people describe them as highly erotic and she does focus on weirdly se-like things that seem less ... my housemate is actually doing english major and loving it . the job situation isn't that good , though . i don't know , for me it's like this - i chose psychology over neuroscience although ... do people who have a crush on you piss you off ? if their way of showing it is obvious-in-your-face kind of thing ? i suspect the answer to that would be ' if they're hot , no ' . but what if you have a ... i do think to some extent you inherit your cognitive preferences . as with alcoholism , introversion , sensation-seeking behaviour etc . without going into referencing research or anything , as a case ... exactly . i'd like to make love to their brains ... wait , no . that definitely sounds wrong xd ooh , i do this a lot . usually when i do something stupid i'd be like ahhh , you silly person , why why ? sometimes i would be walking down the street and remembering something i did and without any ... you might tune down the sarcasm and anything tham might seem insulting at first and see how it goes . i personally can take anything as an insult and getting offended just comes too easily . so ... it sounds trite and silly but follow your heart . it's just my perspective but i'd rather study something that i'm interested in and can contribute to possibly and work at a bar my whole life than ... i certainly don't mind . intjs are flipping hot . many great songs but this is as close as it gets , i think . home is whenever i'm with you ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3HNY0rx2fw4 what about mushiness and dramatic people ? i wouldn't rule out the possibility of you being an intj . unless you're a strong perceiver i'm an infp with a quite developed te due to my education background and i've had thoughts about ... into the wild , blew my mind tell no one ( ne le dis à personne ) , ellegant amazing great soundtrack the beat that my heart skipped ( de battre mon coeur s'est arrêté ) , just beautiful lost in ... not a virgin , however , i also believe sex is overrated . i don't view sex as a ' need ' , in the sense that the need for sex is similar to need for food , i believe sexual energy can be transformed and ... haha that's hilarious . sounds exactly like me : laughing : also , i would say sorry a lot , mostly inappropriately . it might not be an infpy thing , just wondering . i have an abnormal fear of talking on the phone , i cannot make myself pick up the phone and call somebody to save my life , especially if i need to call ... alessi's ark seeing her live only confirmed this youtube - alessi's ark - woman ( live at manchester academy 3 , 11th sept 2009 ) lykke li ? probably not the best example though ... i used to believe my aunt is a witch because she used to stay up late and whisper to herself ( to this day i actually think she might have been a witch . i would lie terrified in my bed and wonder ... i'm a closet intp . i turn into a crazy hyper enfp when intoxicated . haha , wow . yes . i do this all the time . i even change the way i communicate in written word depending on the friend i'm talking to . it's silly and very exhausting but it's a hard habit to break ... rluei avoidant , withdrawn , not usually happy , does not believe in human goodness , loner , moody , avoids crowds , depressed , overwhelmed by unpleasant feelings frequently , agnostic / atheistic ... i feel you . though , i would not call it individual dots , it's more as connecting the general and the specific that gives me problem . they have to be somehw gradually joined together - no can do ! ಠ_ಠ ... um , i'm probably putting my infp-ness to test by admitting this ( i'm not really sure about the e / i anyhow ) .. but i actually enjoy when that happens a lot . i never really admit how much i love to ... http://i36.tinypic.com/35idw1y.jpg http://i37.tinypic.com/idx09l.jpg http://i36.tinypic.com/o6wwtf.gif 2 istps . i'm quite undecided between my e and i and alcohol played a part in both relationships , thus a possible duality could explain their magnetism . it's strange , i've always been dissapointed in ... http://i37.tinypic.com/206iomw.jpg i think the most laid back type could be isfp . the isfps i have met are very easy going , laid back , well-natured , borderline inactive . nothing like chillaxing with an isfp . it's like they're ... first thing that popped into my head - michael cera ! oh , yeah . uh , he has to be funny , quirky , extremely open-minded , confident , genuine , straightforward , interested in discussion , not afraid to ... hello there isfps ! here's the thing , i have a highly weird sister and she happens to be an isfp . we used to think that we're both infps because of how we can relate to each other but lately we have ... i love books , time spent alone , jeff buckley , the moments just before falling asleep , tea , summer night air , drawing , squirells , swings , laying on the grass , music festivals , random conversations ... i think weed is lovely in moderation . i started smoking a year ago and have been doing it once , twice a month maybe . at first i was extremely fascinated because it gave me a whole new perspective of ... yeah , though there are some ' contemporary ' artists in the genre as well like the radio dept . and m83 . i began exploring the genre after being introduced to the brian jonestown massacre . i like how ...