' hello miss scarlet . i'm very sad to hear , that you've had such tremendous problems , coming out as an atheist . in my country there is no stigma associated with atheism at all , as most people don't ... i'd find the honesty quite refreshing . yes , it's probably a good idea not to beleive in that one . it's a shame . he was so damn funny ! it's enough to make an intj feel stupid . muchaparadox thanks . why did misterjordan leave ? do you know ? ? ? ? what are you asking ? thats nothing . here's some of the music we produced in the seventies : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6tnj7IEI0E everybody loves tommy seebach . that bugged me as well . the list is not at all offensive , and actually quite humbling on the part of extroverts i think . it points out that extroverts have confidence issues as well , that they are ... could you please quote the specific parts of the original post you find offensive ? personally , i didn't take offense to what muchaparadox wrote at all , and i can't see any of the criticism you outline here implied directly or indirectly in her writing . there is a lot of love for ... smile , dance , sing , say ' awww ' at cute animals , read my horoscope , do lots of spontanous stuff , make a mess just for the fun of it , spell bad , write poetry about my innermost feelings and desires , ... i usually get by fine without having someone repeat what i've already understood from my book at home . but i actually enjoy class ! there's something about sitting and just listening to intelligent ... with the majority of the population being atheist in my country , i guess it's just a matter of time before we can expect a crusade of americans , trying to convert the heathen scandinavians . :/ ... thank you , everyone ought to read your post . skeptics are often seen as rigid , unimaginative , square and cynical . to me , the most defining characteristic of the skeptic , is that he realizes that ... i got a sort of aspergers diagnosis once . i do relate to a lot of it . i also received another fb chain-mail about glass in baby-food . i then did a google search , and found out that it was basically a hoax with only a miniscule grain of truth in it . i can't fathom ... ... talking about iq on the internet . my mother is in the hospital . she has been diagnosed with cancer in the uterus , and outlook does not look good . i'm not relaxed , i'm on edge . i feel like i can't be myself . it's the only conundrum i've ever known . your avatar really helped my mental image . sex diary ? well , no need to get obsessive about it missy . i assume you mean those in need ? fuck that . again : more sex . i agree with a lot of what he says from a societal point of view . but it's the sort of thing that defnitely has to be done right , or it could end up badly . interesting concept . i shall watch and comment ! ok , then have more sex . i can't comment on other intj's , but i have huge problems getting out of my head . i have to practice meditation , and actively walk around and be aware of my environment from time to time , to combat ... it seems to me , that you are not dealing with your emotions properly . that's why you get the sudden outbursts . perhaps you need an outlet ? i think some people actually do this . or rather , over-do it , as the case may be . i admit i find sarcastic responses humorous from time to time , but i would never sit down to deliberately learn ways , ... persephone was doomed to stay half the year in the underworld , right ? i really do my best to be overbearing , but sometimes i find it hard . that's when my sarcasm and irritability just boils over , ... authenticity , sincerity , a passion for ideas and knowledge , tolerance , individuality and a great sense of humor will do it for me . but i'm really not that picky , to be honest . as long as you're ... i like her avatar . it's an ass-kicking lady-cat . 1 . the joke is old . 2 . it wasn't that funny to begin with . 3 . this has something to do with energy , not food . 4 . there is no number four , i just look more authorative when i write four lines ... who wants to learn danish ? i'd love to brush up on my german , since i haven't been speaking it for years and years . i've forgotten most of it in fact . i like this quote by kierkegaard : the function of prayer is not to influence god , but rather to change the nature of the one who prays . it's quotes like that , which i find distinguish the ... i'm an atheist , but i approve of this thread ! i have respect for religious people , in the sense that there are few people left in this world , who truly beleive in something . people these days are ... i'm tired so i won't go into too much detail . but i watched psywars over at the website : metanoia films .. and i thought it extremely informed , interesting , and perhaps most importantly : a ... the good thing about physics , is that it's challenging . many intj's i know tend to find school too easy , but physics is comparatively hard compared to many other subjects . that's the good part . the ... yeah . bored . hopefully i'll get my interest back . but there seems to be a recurrent trend in my life , that a lot of intj's can probably relate to : once i'm beginning to know something in and out , ... the fact that so many people doubt the official story , ought to tell us everything we need to know about the us government . we can't trust it , and a lot of people don't . that , in itself , is a huge ... stop hanging around on the internet , and go clean up your room . you intp's are so messy . :P i'm so fucking bored with life . well ... at least i'm not depressed about it currently . when i eat cake . eating cake . cakes everywhere ! test is stupid . it doesn't measure your ability , only your own perception of it . why not make the test with some personal dilemmaes , challenges , pictures where you should recognize emotion , and ... i've noticed that my memory is perfect recall , when it comes to the last couple of days . before an exam , i'll just quickly read through all my notes , and then i know the whole curriculum . it slips ... retardation has historically been defined as an iq below 70 . technically speaking , ' moron ' , ' imbecile ' , and ' idiot ' should be considered worse insults : iq range classification 70-80 borderline ... yikes ... could you add a voting option called , insufficient data ? question : you're on a small vessel accompanying a ferengi salesman . the shuttle is headed for a nearby starfleet base where you plan to mediate negotioations , between the federation and a coalition ... question : you're on a small vessel accompanying a ferengi salesman . the shuttle is heading for a nearby starfleet base where you plan to mediate negotioations , between the federation and a coalition ... '