' all expression is ' childish ' ( unpolished ? clumsy ? unrefined ? uncertain of itself ? ) when the person expressing it hasn't practiced it before . that's just being a beginner . language , painting , dance , ... oké , but i really do need to work on getting a portfolio ready , aaany moment now . any moment . oh look , it's time for early lunch ! short stories : speaker's agenda and minset is clearer ... no problem about the tag , just teasing you . re : editing , i can relate , but the more stable and consistent my skills have become , the better my work fares . i'm never ' happy ' , but having such a huge ... voice , yes , that's right . i am sensitive to voice , and i like yours . you're consistent . few people are consistent . sorry about your brother . i am in a similar position with my mother , i think ... i enjoyed this , like the paint / bleeding and the atmosphere of a steam room , the plump / bugs . what's the story about ? coming out on the other side of disillusionment to an altered , more tempered state ... valiantt you tagged me with your failure to spacebar ! heathen . good thing though , i've been under a rock for a while thinking about stuff . nice thread to come back to . there are poets who are ... sorry , was using ' man ' in the sense of ' human ' , bit archaic . but the logic still stands with this example . is a requirement of morality to have decided it for oneself in a vacuum ( outside of being ... yes , basically let us assume that we are all suffering from emotional prejudices based on fear . i don't want to eat that mushroom because it looks a bit funny . anxiety and fear can easily hide under ... just noticed this part , was distracted by the interesting questions . i think people will respond a lot more open and cooperative ( especially feelers ) if you leave your personal judgements out of it ... i've also noticed fear at the base of a lot of social motivations , which is very interesting . and how anxiety / fear can easily masquerade under solid reasoning ( rather we misapply a good reason and ... disclaimer : coming at this from an analytical and exploration perspective , my own opinions and experiences are stated clearly so i'm not hiding an agenda , and i also have no problem with people ... intp here so waiting for fs to take up the other side of this . will be interested in the results ! haha i know what you mean . it's almost as if they aren't saying i'm really anxious about crashing the car so much as oh shit , i've just realised the possibility exists that i could actually crash ... well you've got that avatar face down , i feel a bit like you're about to enthusiastically eviscerate me . make this your default pose in group photos and see how long before anyone notices . social ... fuck's sake tony , that was the sole reason i was even going to post in this thread , and you found a better picture of it . you bastard . so er ... vegan food is lazier because you don't have to ... no , what are you talking about . i spent about 4 hours trying to sleep last night and inevitably , in that drifty n-state , started imagining parallel universes ( if i was german , or my teacher had ... why won't you just be normal ? https://foodergolove.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/gordonramsay.jpg intj . all my give a shit can disappear at the snap of a j-finger . https://i.imgflip.com/4kes.jpg i will also be mega sexy and get work on period dramas for the bbc . i like your ... happy germ exchange day ! i find this video a delightful and accurate representation of valentine's day , relationships in general , and also our homogenised culture ! i hope you enjoy it and it gives ... yeah , absolutely . it's helped me understand the people around me and their differences , why i like some people more than others , how to talk to people more in a language they understand , how to not ... https://45.media.tumblr.com/c1f9c2136cd612ad98758b3d0009a18d/tumblr_nl253oy84f1qdjbb7o1_400.gif ok . on another note , one of these days i'll be able to read armordillo without reading it as armordildo . haha , or she noticed the intp . you will get around to being 100 % perfect kinky ... later . yeah , absolutely , i can be very animated . i think it's just about when you feel comfortable showing yourself . i'm bad at maths , can only comfortably do very basic stuff ( probably what you learn up to about 12 ? ) so there's the context , i am also very ignorant on the subject so i present my thoughts to you in ... i can't come to the door right now , because i'm ... er , i'm not home . and if i was , i don't need one of those things you've got , those jesus-educating can opener delivery service charity collecting ... i find your mother quite rude in these examples . seems like fj tactics to get you to be normal ( see also : an fj ) . dunno why so much hostility when someone likes / thinks different things to you . my ... yes , i can identify with that strongly . i've always been intensely emotional , especially anger , hurt , and joy . i have to avoid reading the news because i get hurt and angry about people being unfair ... well , now i know that exists , fair enough . i completely understand though , i don't know how many hours i've devoted to trying to understand the reasoning behind other people's actions , only to find ... i think yes , if i'm in the flow of enjoying a debate , or exploring an idea , but it's not the kind of extrovert as in i am looking at other people so much as i am vomiting words outwards , you can ... yeah i've had a lot of trouble with depression and anxiety since quite early on , two things really help me : 1 . read as much as you can about the symptoms of depression / anxiety / whatever you're ... * whispers * nobody explodes if you say no foreplay , nsfw http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/startrek/images/0/0c/Worf_batleth_Malibu_Comics.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20120407045253 well , you can have feelings and intuitive impressions that aren't necessarily used in the debate ( t vs f prio on feelings ) so i don't think he means the idea of appealing to an intj with emotions , ... interesting video , thanks . i like how the non-intp guy is trying to get the intp to extrapolate on various things , and the most interest he's shown is about c3po and r2d2 . you can lead a horse to ... you're right . i've been staring at it for a while now and it hasn't said anything . http://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0757/5807/products/712kbl_FMUL._SL1200_large.jpg?v=1423244926 like the social version of a natural disaster . consider if you have enough food . search for other survivors . sit at home fearfully . i may not have been completely entirely accurately irrevocably precisely undeniably wholly universally serious . yeah fair enough , it all seems a lot of fuss over nothing to me , but whatever makes you happy makes you happy . i'll ask on the s & r forum at some point if i can be bothered , it's a widespread social ... i don't get the point of porn . once i was drunk with friends and we saw a smurf porn to laugh at , where everyone was speaking breathy spanish and the blue paint started wearing off and then ganondorf ... dude why you being so weird , it's normal for friends to send other friends dickpics . let's not bring your husband into it , i mean , we're not friends , he would find that gay . got about 10 years ... there's furniture designed for the autism community . it's hugs without the people ! not sure if this is what you mean , but there's a pretty nice range out there . there are swings where you can be ... you know what else is right , what i'm about to do to your face with a phonebook . ... update : intp : look intj , funny pictures in relation to valentine's day . intj : haha . wait . valentine's day is coming . do you ... want to ... d - intp : no ... also found the autism comment distasteful , and the slithery non-response , but maust is best maust , argues so i don't have to . i think we should get that for you on a t-shirt , o bestmaust . in other ... intp more likely to be superfluous to achieve complete precision , indecisive ( maybe , probably , sometimes , it looks like ) , and contain tangents of unrelated information to the original goal ( answer ... i completely agree ! it's a really beautiful dynamic , and the safer you feel / more you know the other person , you can end up in these situations of feeling like you're talking almost sub-verbally , ... yeah fair enough , i see what you're saying , thanks for the explanation . i do think it's still technically manipulation to try and lead someone up to thinking / responding in a way you want without ... excellent ! may i recommend adding a course of inability to lie to the meal , for maximum unpopularity flavour ? a small dash of asperger's , perhaps , for spice ? or , as i think of it - other people ... my poor little fe can't handle this . it's just so morally right . carry on , good sir . ... '