' well , he didn't appear toxic when i met him . a bit eccentric maybe , but something like that was never a no-go for me . also when we were more people his narcissism ( about which i didn't yet know ... he had other friends as well , some of which we shared . but he always thought himself superior to others and thought himself to be very self-confident . but the slightest amount of critique directed at ... originally unoriginal post in order to defy the op . unsuccessfully . thinking about not posting at all as the only way to demonstrate real defiance . though lack of defiance will only be noticed if ... amen to that ! ( not religious ) i only discovered in hindsight that i was confined with a narcissist for a friend . while i was friends with him , i slowly lost all other friends . it was so bad ... hehe , sorry for being so cruel . ^ ^ but i don't think there's only one romeo out there . as romantic ( or not ) the idea of an only love might be , practically there are a lot of potential candidates ... what if he's already dead ? :P * jumps-into-cover * and yet not all intjs are carbon copies of each other and a question such as this will get ( and already has gotten ) different answers from different intjs . :P i get that you didn't ... hmm , but if it is unchangeable , doesn't that mean that whatever i do i cannot die before that time ? because otherwise i would've changed the outcome , right ? so in the case where i can't change ... for me the answer depends on a very important factor : the type of prediction . that is , is the prediction one that tells me when i would've died had i not gotten the prediction ? because then i'd ... yeah , i went a bit overboard trying to be sarcastic . it ended up being too goofy and thus in hindsight seems to make the impression of actually trying to make a joking case for cthulhu instead of ... blasphemy ! let it be known that it was cthulhu who gave us each a mind ! and i can actually speak for everyone . trust me , i know without a doubt . i am a true believer and thus the knowledge has ... chaoticthoughts : sorry to ask this again , but it seems you've missed my post : this isn't my thread , and i didn't want to antagonize you , just to provide a fact . sorry if i gave the wrong impression , that wasn't my intention . yeah , if being able to get divorced were the only thing you'd get when getting married then i'd fully agree with you . but it actually isn't the only thing . there are certain legal benefits and they ... that's hilarious : laughing : in all earnest though : i think that's just tradition borne out of marrying in the church . religion and all that jazz . legally you're not bound until death , or else ... stance : i don't give a f * ck who marries who . reason : it doesn't concern my life but theirs . it's a non-issue imo . does every god know what type the other gods are ? i . e . does the truth-god know who the liar-god and who the random-god is , etc . ? i actually don't disagree with what you said just now . i'm just saying that if the 66 % chance of option b actually occurs , then all 600 people will die , no exceptions . whereas you said earlier that ... : it's not about the survival chance of individuals though . the op clearly states that all of the 600 people will all die at a 66 % probability . you have to consider them as a ... but it isn't mentioned which 200 of the 600 people are going to survive with option a . only that 200 out of 600 will survive . i could just as well say nobody has the right to decide to most probably ... that is not correct . if you read it again , it clearly says that with program a 200 people will be saved , i . e . has a 100 % chance that it will save 200 people . also , program b's 33 % chance is for ... very informative article , thanks for sharing ! there is one thing that is bugging me though . it's rather trivial , but i'm curious : i fail to see how there were weeds among the plants is a ... program a is guaranteed to save 200 lives . program b could save all lives , but is more likely to save none at all . let's just imagine you gamble with all people's lives by choosing program b ... i was a bit taken back when i saw that most people chose i have thought about committing suicide . i didn't choose that because i understood it to mean that one would've considered suicide . but ... lol , really ? hmm , ok i guess she must've changed it herself then over the years . may i ask from when the book is ? if it's newer than what i found then i'd be interested to get a copy and try to find ... during my research to get some illumination about the meaning behind that sentence , i stumbled upon a study guide for an enneagram workshop by helen palmer . that guide seems to be the source of ... i'm a bit confused about this ( type 5 - observers ): what exactly is meant by spiritual nonattachment ? is that supposed to be something like the feeling of religiosity that type fives are ... 5w6 9w1 3w2 very interesting thoughts . but wouldn't you say it's also possible that people let mbti inflate their egos because they haven't honestly exposed themselves to a rigorous enough study of it ? perhaps ... imo it seems that most people are blind to the lies they tell themselves , just to make them feel better and to get some externaly sourced self-confidence . so because it sounds good to be a ... i would never want to give up my intelligence and my zest for knowledge . gaininge knowledge , understanding and insight about life , the universe and everything else is what i'm living for . it's ... thanks for all the welcome , appreciate it ! aw dammit ! yes , the red pill was what i meant , thanks . sometimes my memory betrays me . note to self : make sure not to write any posts when ... ... to make me forget all experience regarding forums and which made me ignore all rules there might have been for new members . how come ? well , i silently read in this forum for a few days , ... if all other cards so far had proven the n -> 8 relationship , then not having an n on the back of the 8 - card would not change that proof . and having an n on the back of the 8 - card would neither prove ... oh , you're absoultely right . thank you ! :) my answer : 3 cards explanation : 1 . card : the n card should have an 8 on the back , so i need to check that . -> flipping the n card . if indeed there's an 8 under the n card , then i continue . ... '