' my father had a walk-in closet in the apartment we lived in for a few years after my siblings moved out . one of my dreams involved me walking in there and finding a jar with my brother's severed head ... aisle everyone's a little bit weird . therefore , to be weird is the norm . were anyone truly , completely normal , then they would be the strangest person on the planet . i think my personal view on the subject was best described by terry pratchett : death : you need to believe in things that aren't true . how else can they become ? - hogfather technically , the ... elate root : under-active ( - 25 % ) sacral : under-active ( - 38 % ) i'd recommend the discworld series if you haven't read it already , particularly small gods . also of interest might be the sandman , although it's a graphic novel , so i'm not sure if that's the kind ... father : intj mother : enfp ( divorced ) - - - brother : entp sister : isfp i'm pretty sure we all drive my father a bit mad with all our perceiving-ness . you know , it's weird , but even though i'm aromantic , i really don't like the idea of treating love as something imaginary ... i mean , yes , it's imaginary - neither tangible nor quantifiable - but just ... 1 ) albert eugene machiavelli richardson the third and his totally bitchin ' crew / albert eugene machiavelli richardson the third's 2nd cantata : the quest for mo ' dough ( not to be confused with ... here's one from when i was in my sophomore year in high school : i used to really like drawing and coming up with stories , often leading me to draw characters from those stories . in addition , i had ... well , i think that this will be my ... fifth ? sixth ? time saying this , but i love me a good rpg . the black isle games * , squaresoft's classics , nintendo's few forays into the genre , etc . however , i ... amnesia ! no , seriously , just think about all the badass amnesiacs out there : wolverine , geralt , the nameless one , and we're one of the most forgetful types of all ! it's just a matter of time ... well if you're looking for nps who are youngest siblings , then i definitely qualify . youngest of three by a span of four years . mind you , i'm fairly certain my brother , the eldest of us , is an np as ... some of the most intellectually taxing things i can think of off the top of my head : - learn a language - write a book - branch off into a field of science you've never studied before - try to ... i considered that as well , but it becomes difficult to decide whether that's caused by bad intuition , or by his dyspraxia : in addition to the physical impairments , developmental coordination ... i think that totalbiscuit is an entj . he is very outspoken , has a vision of the future which he is constantly trying to fulfill , and thinks critically about everything .  ... to be fair , intps are too . we're just quieter about it . :p roud : judson joist really , i just chose retriever and lab because i grew up with a mix between the two and some of my fondest childhood memories involve me as a toddler sneaking up on her and wrapping ... to own : cat to watch : raven to listen to : also raven to study : humans to snuggle : kitteh :: large dog ( golden retriever , black lab , etc . ) honorable mentions : coyote , fox , wolf , bat , spider , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvbXiOvWFp0 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXGIkv6paY4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYCfzf3BpTk focusing more on charisma and intelligence while more or less dumping strength and constitution ( or their equivalents ) . i've occasionally heard the play-style referred to as the social rogue ... i'd akin the mbti to more of stereotyping than astrology . stereotypically , there are some activities which one gender is better at than the other ; however , that may not always hold true and ... 48 % intellectual 33 % creative 19 % visionary seconded . it's a very entertaining watch / read , especially if you understand or wish to understand some of the core principles of game theory . take a fruit from the box labeled apples and oranges . you will then know for sure which label belongs on that box because there is no way it was actually the box with apples and oranges in it . then ... top 5 : game of thrones firefly avatar the last airbender doctor who baccano ! honorable mentions : my little pony ( g4 ) legend of korra ... i'm going to need a more reliable source than yahoo news , especially given all the evidence to the contrary : rising scores on intelligence tests » american scientist for the record , iq tests ... i would live in the dreaming from neil gaiman's the sandman series as one of the various dreams . i'd have access to an infinite library , every person's slumbering mind , every mythological world ... interesting . the way i understand it is that introverts actually produce just as many endorphins , and actually require less stimulus in order to do so . a typical introvert may be at their happiest ... i typically go for squishy wizards or diplomatic rogues ; i prefer characters that - assuming they can't avoid fighting altogether - can deal massive amounts of damage but can't take much themselves , ... team 1 : six wobbuffets team 2 : golem , electrode , wheezing , forretress , claydol , genesect ( all know self destruct ) team 3 : a single missing no . : crazy : considering what my mind is sometimes capable of coming up with when sober , i have no interest in experimenting with drugs of any sort . i would be verbose if i ever actually talked . :P also considered trying to be simultaneously terse-sesquipedalian . most entertaining . recommend attempting at some juncture . i feel as though this is relevant : glass half empty kyon from the haruhi suzumiya series . 2fast4u2 even from a christian viewpoint , your behavior in this thread has been truly appalling . all you're doing is going around starting fights with people and threatening them with damnation ... my imagination is extremely infp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2rjbtsX7twc&feature=c4-overview&list=UUTev4RNBiu6lqtx8z1e87fQ everyone knows that's just what john wrote to get his editor off of his back . torment : tides of numenera wasteland 2 project eternity watch dogs thief ( if only to see whether or not it lives down to expectations ) [ the next monolith soft title ] fire emblem x shin megami ... it isn't really . this has all just been an experiment to see how long a discussion about religion could be dragged out on the intp forums . pretty long , apparently . i guess a lot of people've been ... character strength # 1 creativity thinking of new ways to do things is a crucial part of who you are . you are never content with doing something the conventional way if a better way is possible . ... - granny weatherwax ( discworld ) - malcolm reynolds ( firefly ) - morpheus ( the sandman ) - garrett ( thief ) - the nameless one ( planescape : torment ) - jyu viole grace ( tower of god ) - tarvek ( girl ... well you know what they say , give a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day . but set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life .  ... i think that's how it went ... according to the responses to the thread , great ways to stifle young creativity - and , you know , personal experience - most intps ( and probably most nts in general ) have a very negative opinion about ... well there are plenty of things you could try : 1 ) don't write for a little while . just let the writing sit for a while , maybe a week , and come back to it later . similar to how sometimes , if you ... heh , i used to do this all the time . i would unintentionally listen in on conversations happening around me , sometimes while in the middle of one myself , which means i would often really confuse the ... unfortunately , i missed the part about the poll being multiple choice until after i voted . : unsure : had i noticed it beforehand , i would've voted for post-apocalyptic sci-fi ( for example : ... yes , but not by much . even as a child , i was pretty uneasy around strangers and had only one or two friends i considered close . my increased introverted tendencies could probably be somewhat ... '