' hmmm , makes sense because intps and esfjs both have the same functions , only in a different order . i've never been called bubbly or hyper . even my closest friends tell me i'm generally quiet and reserved although i would have those talkative and playful bursts from time to time . if the person is ... when in front of the computer is your default location inside the house , even if you're not using the computer . you just can't sit around the dining table or on the sofa for too long without asking , ... she's very shy among certain types of people and in front of a crowd ( hates performing ) but when she gets along within a group , she's very bubbly and talkative and laughs the loudest . in our class , ... socializing for me means going out of my way to meet up with friends , have a coffee or something , and catch up with them . the most i can tolerate without this kind of interaction would be two weeks ... just some visual pun : http://a1.s6img.com/cdn/0008/p/1778859_16518299_i.jpg i can definitely relate to this part . i can't count how many times i did something for someone but because i don't want to look like i care , i pretend that i did it because i just had to for some ... if he's an intp , i bet he's homeless . my usual expression is brooding . my friends would often describe me as someone who seems to be always thinking about something , which is actually the case . however , my facial expressions are ... when you know a lot of logical fallacies by heart . just some parody : http://a1.s6img.com/cdn/box_003/post_13/431944_10710091_lz.jpg people walking behind me while i'm typing something on the computer . i feel like my privacy is being violated even if they most probably don't even glance at my screen . why is this thread not sticky ? : tongue : randomness and confidence . it's quite frustrating but amusing too . i also like how you guys can be so cocky but non-judgemental at the same time . and you have some weird ability to get an introvert ... when you have doubted almost anything that can be doubted . i usually need to move a part of my body , i can't sit completely still . maybe , doing these random bodily movements help me to stay in tune with the real world while i wander in my thoughts . i took mensa and they indicated on the letter what my iq is . i love books so much that i intentionally don't finish them , sometimes ( especially non-fiction ) . i like that when i open most of my books , there are still pages i haven't read . it's part of my ... any surface can serve as a table , for you . you have no problem putting a glass of water on the floor or a bowl of soup on top of a hardbound book . this is just a very simple visual pun i did some time ago : http://a1.s6img.com/cdn/box_003/post_13/433124_9540812_lz.jpg the nicest compliments i received were from my infp friend ( possibly ) who said that i'm the best story-teller and the best person to have around . those kinds of compliments are hard to come by , ... if sick means a valid reason not to go to work , almost never ( in 6-7 years ) . i have the occasional colds and stomach cramps and such . but they do not incapacitate me in any way . i am not healthy ... i like hanging out with my enfp friends a lot . with the shared ne , we can talk about a wide range of topics for hours on end . i appreciate that because i have the tendency to be really random . they ... when you think you've said a lot during a conversation but everything was actually just inside your head . i sometimes do this just to see other people , especially if there's no one home . even if i'm highly introverted , i like seeing people bustling around ( as long as i'm not forced to small talk with ... what makes you say that sentience and rationality is necessarily anthropocentric ? just curious . i think it is more logically sound that the material reality is generated by an all-encompassing mindhood rather than vice versa . material reality lacks the explanatory power to answer why there is ... i'm thankful for being an intp . :p roud : i sometimes wish all people wear mbti tags around their necks . life would be so much easier . : ninja : or if not , at least , know their mbti type just as they know their name , age , gender , height , ... dear intps , i have always wanted to clone myself to know how it feels to hang out with myself . but since you guys exist , i don't really have to do that . p . s . but please , make yourselves a bit ... i totally agree . i tried liking the show but i find the jokes too in-your-face . i like futurama better . the jokes are subtler and wittier . you really have to be a nerd to appreciate the references ... i named this artwork planetary proposal : http://a1.s6img.com/cdn/box_003/post_13/420906_3926715_lz.jpg “ everybody has a secret world inside of them . all of the people of the world , i mean everybody . no matter how dull and boring they are on the outside , inside them they've all got unimaginable , ... you can talk to me about anything , i wouldn't mind , and i would most probably get you . you can also be anything and that's okay with me too ( with the exception of being really creepy ) . i won't ... the one that works ? if there is no such thing as boredom in this world , then everything must be exciting ( which is the opposite of boredom ) . but excitement is also an emotion . my question is , can we even imagine a world ... https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/-WXKH9gJsTPw/T4LMhgm0IqI/AAAHXA/Kfx8rofuRBc/w402/ae0023-3.jpg all of my projects so far are 70 % - 80 % complete . never 100 % complete . i just get easily bored with repetition . at 70 % or so completion , i usually see where it's going ( 100 % ) and i don't feel the need ... i don't have problems with texting . i also don't have problems with phone calls as long as i know that it's going to be brief ( e . g . someone calling to ask where i am or other very specific ... this is going on my pinterest . what the * f is happening ? ( but most of the time , i just say this in my head ) i think so ... what i mean is ... not really that's a bit contradicting huh ? hmmm ... hmmm ... ( and more ... you tend to explain things that aren't really necessary but you just feel the need to . in writing , you use parentheses a lot . ( my intuition tells me that someone has mentioned this before but i just ... i am not sure if i like to be alone in a literal sense . more like i appreciate people who can be there , right next to me ( or maybe a bit far but i can still see / hear them ) , and just let me do my own ... i can relate to this . it's mostly because i read a lot and having such knowledge or understanding of things ( or at least the curiosity and the desire to understand ) make me feel like i'm better than ... what is a fashion ? : rolleyes : this is so true for me too . i often find myself agreeing with people even if i really don't because i feel that the conflict that may occur isn't really worth the trouble ( and i don't want to deal ... sometimes , just the idea that someone out there may love me the way i am is enough . out of the 7 billion people in this planet , i estimate that the chances someone might fall in love with my ... i really wish i could comfort my friends and say something sensible when they tell me their personal problems . i notice that my friends never ask me for advice . yes , i can be fun to talk to about ... only one . myself . futurama ( apparently , the text isn't too long to be posted , well , not anymore ) '