' my part time jobs were working in a juice bar , at a food court serving italian food and on a wine cruise as a waitress / entertainer . i studied commerce but i didn't love it . it was my first degree ... i could not do that ! it would feel like such a waste of a perfectly good slow cooker ! please think about keeping things and reusing them until they aren't functional anymore . after all , the world has ... 1 . i'd do everything . i'd meet lovely people and we would have fun connecting with each other through random activities - attend festivals , events , markets and seminars . i'd play lots of computer ... if i woke up next to a much loved person it wouldn't matter what was said , the mere sight of his face would make me happy . there's nothing better than waking up to eye contact and a gorgeous smile . ... eccentricm don't feel the pressure to decide your future now . it was good to discuss the issue just so she could understand your current position . it's a tough conversation to have , but it's better ... further observations from my interactions with the intj : - i feel compelled to challenge myself to learn and retain more knowledge so i can actively participate in discussions instead of listening ... ... isn't this a note to self ? http://33.media.tumblr.com/58ff52e2e51085bb4c9932bebed54ffe/tumblr_neg80zGChd1u17qyeo1_500.gif i could really go for some hugs right now too ! this reminds me of when i talked to my intj friend this week and he crushed my dreams by explaining how it's useless to have hope in something when something is out of your control ( like politics ) ... in defense of op , as a female enfp i found this rather adorable . :) sounds like you are still in the early stages of your relationship and she still has a fair bit of time until she reaches that age when she wants to have kids and you have to decide . my partner ... no , you didn't come off as pompous at all ! i'm glad we're so exciting . : cool : i can confirm from an enfp perspective i did want to take my introverts to social gatherings and expected them to ... haha , that's very interesting . i like him already and i don't know what his type is so i think it makes little sense for me to simply like him because he's an intj . every action he takes or word he ... these options don't match up with me because i'm more inclined to feel chemistry or a spark with someone i have an intimate connection with , rather than a physical connection with . looks alone don't ... i've dated two very introverted people and have been pretty happy with leaving them at home to play computer games or work on projects whilst i socialise all day with different groups of friends . i ... i've thought about this , but i don't want him to know that i'm analysing him and the compatibility of our personality types , which i think he would catch onto . how would you feel if you found out ... well whatever it is , it really works . ever since i met him last week we've been chatting with each other every day at work . that's five days in a row and we don't even work in the same section as ... this is an intj or intp . xd i used to feel this way often and sometimes i do question a lot of what i say and wonder how i'll be perceived , but more recently i'm more inclined to just speak my mind and try not to worry about ... i think enfps are really patient with getting to know people and are always happy to listen to someone's views . not to mention from what i see on this forum intjs are fascinating and tend to only ... this sounds to me like you don't feel like you are worthy and are doubting yourself . is that how you feel ? peyandkeele haha i guess i didn't ask any questions or really put up a topic for discussion here , but i wanted to share my experience ! funny that you say that this sounds exactly like an experience ... i think it's because we see so many possibilities of what we could be doing and imagining what it would be like to have made that choice that we start to question whether or not our current state is ... and i want to tell my story ! i'm really excited because this is my first male intj encounter that i know of and i've recently been very curious as to how we would get along in real life . we work ... i have never experienced a serious bout of depression . i did have situational depression once after an excruciatingly emotionally painful break up several years ago but i have never reverted back ... i do struggle with shyness around new people but i'm working a lot on this ! i tend to bump into randoms in the office kitchen quite frequently . i like to try reach out to people and test different ... zster are you parents enfps too ? :) my parents would not be described as youthful so it could very well be ... xd i haven't read all the advice given by others in this post and am not sure if you have provided further updates so i'm sorry if i repeat what the others have said or my advice isn't relevant ... this calls for a huge amount of assertiveness in your approach . we want to disable her anger and get her to listen to what you need to say . i feel ___ when ___ happens , and what i would like ... is it natural for enfps to feel much younger than they actually are ? i know age is not indicative of maturity and that actions and interests should not be limited or dictated by age but i get ... one big hug for all the n's ! but don't leave out the s's ! let's invade them too ! the bigger the group hug the better ! ( isn't that why we're being invaded ? ) : tongue : you haven't really specified what you want advice on . i could comment and assume things , but ultimately i can't give you ideas on how to deal with the situation without knowing what you want . so , ... i only wish you would know the way i admire your quiet smile your gentle laugh the way your gaze makes my beating heart tumble into a whirl of bliss i only wish you would know ... yeah , i figured that it probably isn't depression . i get into these funks sometimes too . i don't think there's anything wrong with you . it sounds like mood regulation and you know what , we can't all ... i know i tend to be subconsciously attracted to qualities that i admire but don't personally have . when i see someone expressing a complex idea with ease or persistently dedicating ... haha i love this ! i welcome thoughts from people who are the ideal type / partner of an intj ! thank you , it is very helpful ! sounds like you want another intj ! i can understand why . they seem pretty cool . hehe , i see where you are coming from rationally but in being presented with a different option in person , it seems ... intjs are all so adorable . especially when they're flirting with each other . i am really getting a lot of amusement out of this thread . i feel the same way . why must i be anything ... your response could possibly help other males out there interested in bagging themselves an intj lady ! :) that level of laziness would bother me a lot too . - _ - ; ; in times of stress , we all need ... this bugs me so much ! why don't you like me ! i try to be so nice and accommodating to you ! what is your problem ! do you have a back pain which flares up every time you see me which has ended up in ... congratulations ! how wonderful . i wish upon both of you the best intellectually challenging , thoughtful and stimulating discussions with each other for the rest of your lives . :) it may not necessarily be depression , but if you suspect it is , please see a counsellor or seek some kind of professional advice . the earlier you intervene , the better . i think sometimes it can ... we are always going to be the funny , weird girls ! embrace it ! we are funny and cute . we will never be quiet , demure and pretty . we will never be elegant and refined . we are dorky . we are who we are ... hubble anyone who doesn't like star wars obviously has terrible taste in movies . i hope that your views on relationships will eventually steer towards more positive ideals ! i ... i love how all of you know what you want and look for in a person , and that your opinions do vary and aren't simply a generic ideal . thank you for contributing your thoughts ! :) mmm , ... if you were to describe the qualities of your ideal partner , what would he or she be like ? what are your preferences in terms of personality traits , interests , behaviour , or what generally intrigues ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A don't give up adroelectro ! i connect with a lot of my friends on different things but to be honest i am so internally diverse that i actually also feel like i wouldn't be able to speak and connect ... i agree with the above comments on the drug issue - it would make any controlling parent even stricter . in terms of having parents that you absolutely can't get along with - hold out until you're ... ! i'm right with you ! i broke up with a boyfriend of 5 years about 4 months ago and i've been floundering around trying to figure out what to do with myself . the only routines i've been ... '