' oh , most definitely ! :D ( this post is a work in progress . i simply have too much to say to be able to formulate , type , arrange it all at once . ) wind waker is definitely one of my absolute favorite ... we go to the same college , but he lives in nc . it sucks over the summer . but at least during the school year , we get to see each other nearly every day , so i try not to complain to other people about ... how are you so adorable and awesome ? what's your secret ? thank you for saying this ! maybe it's possible that infps could be more empathetic than the other types in some ways , but not in terms of automatically taking on the feelings of others . at least , ... i hope i didn't already post here . i've read up a bit on enneagram types , and i picked up a book by helen palmer about it the other day ( for free ! :O) . i'm a bit skeptical about the whole thing , ... love that movie ! something tells me she's an enfp , though . ( just an interesting aside , christopher plummer ( the captain ) said that maria as she is in the film is basically julie andrews herself - - ... i wish i knew how to satisfy the vague longing i get from time to time . sometimes i really feel like i don't belong here . sighx 85 true neutral , apparently . o_o ; not sure how i feel about that . neutral good and lawful neutral were my next closest results . i have an istj dad , and though i do sometimes think he is too rigid and set in his ways ( of course , that's just from my perspective ) , there's a whole lot of awesome traits that totally overshadow ... i hope you don't mind me participating . i just want to spread some love for the sjs here . :) 1 . hmm … from a natural selection-ish view , i'd say it's because you sjs are grounded in concrete ... this is just a personal theory , but it could be nervousness or general excitement leading to that . i've found that when i get really excited about something i'm passionate about ( ex . my values , my ... love life integrity dreams understanding self-expression knowledge wisdom depth hope and courage aww , yeah ! definitely ! : crazy : first off , my mom is an entp and we get along fabulously . we're alike , but different . i'm not sure how to explain exactly . umx 85 we have similar senses of humor and we ... how do you mean ? oh hell yes . here we go : i have a giant plastic tub / bin in the basement that used to hold all of my pkmn stuff . ( i took a lot of it out and filled the top drawer of my dresser . :P ) oh my ... basically , any way that is not correct posture . i can never seem to keep both feet flat on the floor for long . ( my entp [ stay-at-home ] mom is the same way , so that could be part of it ... your dating temperament is supine you are a sweet and gentle partner . you are easy on your significant other . in ... started in musical theatre . then switched to music ( vocal performance ) . then to just music . then to art education . now i'm working toward a degree in psychology , and i love it ! :D but if i only ... in a classroom setting , i'm that student who is always willing to share when she knows the answer . i actually have to restrain my self to hold back and not to raise my hand . i've sat on my hand ... are you sure this is an infp thing ? i can't recall ever trying to subtly manipulate or influence people . :/ i don't know if i even could . [ i ] n haiku , you say ? interesting idea . can't wait to read them . :) aww , thanks ! ( as far as i know ) the only enfj i know is my sister , who's totally awesome . if most enfj's are anything like her , i figure they must be pretty cool . : happy : psilo , thank you so much for these . where did you find such insightful descriptions ? orangeappled , thanks for the simplified version of jung's description . : happy : i understood some of what he ... hello , istjs . my father , who i believe to be an istj , was an art major in college and sometimes likes to create abstract paintings in his spare time . this got me wondering … how common it is for ... both my boyfriend ( intp ) and i ( infp ) enjoy writing , but what we write is vastly different . he's written some satire and i must say he's quite good at it . :p roud : i rather enjoy satire , but i ... finally figured this one out . currently pursuing a degree in psychology . :p roud : somehow i'll manage to pay for graduate school and get a psyd so i can be practicing psychologist . intp - the architect you scored 25 i versus e , 20 n versus s , 60 f versus t , and 40 j versus p ! your ideal romantic partner is known as the architect . as a romantic partner , this type ... i was 19 and nearly two years into my first relationship , which i entered for entirely the wrong reasons . it was the first time for both of us , and it was awkward because of a large weight and height ... i always do that too . i even crack open my dictionary application even though i always know what the words mean - - just in case . : tongue : you lack the gumption to stick up for yourself , but when you see other people suffering , you show an assertiveness you didn't even know you were capable of . you can notice subtle cues in ... hmmx 85 i'm going to have to disagree there . usagi strikes me as an exfp . though honestly she's pretty immature at the beginning of the series so that makes it hard for me to tell . she does seem to ... aqua-ish colors are my favorites . they're so soothing and give me an almost dream-like feeling . <3 i dream of someday being a mother . i picture myself teaching and creating with my children , watching them discover the unending marvels of life , nurturing their growing minds and radiant souls . i ... aww , heck yes ! ! i love video game music ! :D i'm particularly fond of nintendo's music , since that's what i'm most familiar with . : 3 senhorfrio : doopliss ! man , i love that game . never realized ... if you were more t than f , you would place more importance on logic than on values / emotions when making decisions . for example , if you look at my personality results in my signature , you can see ... i recommend finding little ways to show her you care about her . telling her you love spending time with her , letting her know she's important to you , etc . this is also a good way to see how she feels ... based on your post , i'm absolutely convinced you're an infp . you actually sound a bit like me . i enjoy word games and logic puzzles , but i still without a doubt have the heart and soul of an infp . ... hi , césar ! i'm so glad you don't feel so alone anymore ! :) i look forward to getting to know you in the infp sub-forum . is english your second language ? i wish i weren't insecure about how certain people feel about me . i know it will disappear with time , but still … there's no good reason for it , especially when they've outright told me they love me ... this onex 85 hmm . he seems like someone who enjoys just hanging out and being silly with his friends . he also seems like the kind of person who appreciates the simple things in life . he seems fairly ... i see a girl who's shy ( or at least somewhat isolated ) and artsy . though she might be hard to get to know , she's really sweet . i see a lack of confidence at times . perhaps she hides behind an image ... i'd definitely have to agree that being with another n is more important than t / f . still , from what i know , i guess i'd have to say i'm more attracted romantically to thinking types with a very ... i'm thinkin ' enfp because she seems really outgoing and energetic … but i'm not positive . definitely ! i'll admit that i haven't watched the whole series , but i always thought yuki was more t ... sailormoon <3 : usagi - esfp ami - intj ? rei - istj ( especially if you consider the manga ) makoto - isxx ? minako - exfj ? setsuna - ixfj ? haruka - estp michiru - infj ? i've found that i can get along with others fairly well . whether they'd all get along with me , i'm not sure , because i'm so shy . : tongue : okay , here goes . sorry about my tendency to go on about ... dude . this is awesome for so many reasons . hmmmx 85 according to this scale , i seem to be at least a strong-dirty . yup . that's not rubbish at all . actually , i was thinking up something and getting ready to give some advice , but pmj 85 pretty much said what i was thinking . : happy : like pmj 85 said , i advise you to ... i can't speak for every infp , but yes , i can have quite the dirty mind and a rather … healthy appetite . * cough * what goes through our dirty minds ? dirty thoughts of course . : tongue : though whether i ... i decided at the end of last school year ( freshman year in college ) that i'm going to pursue a degree in art education . i'm so excited ! : crazy : oh hell yesss ! i love disney ! i'm absolutely in love with the little mermaid - - it's hands-down my favorite movie ever . the story , the innocence of it , the artwork and animation , the music ( alan ... '