' i really am coming to detest online dating sites . zoosk , eharmony , match.com , whatever ... no one there who creates a profile ever seems actually intent on talking to anyone , let alone following ... i love gardening . i love the chemistry of aromatherapy and coming up with new concoctions . i am a reading hound , especially the elizabethan period . i eat math for lunch . statistics , calculus , ... as an istj female , i have to go with the majority here and say ... ask him ... directly ... i have an istj best friend , male , and i do that with him whenever i am confused about something he said or ... istj here :-) what is your typical reaction to physical pain ? - i say oww ! then look at the wound - assess the seriousness and think of how to avoid such wound in the future . - if it _is_ ... i know this thread is a couple of month old - but i found it upon interest stemming from a question my sister asked me . please pardon the ' lateness ' of the reply . i read through the postings . i am ... love this . my thoughts exactly . and add ... ignoring something i stated clearly and in the english language and then asking me again 10 minutes later . another person mentioned people who ask for ... as an istj gardener , i think it is amusing - at least he tried ! i told you i loved you 2 days , 6 hours and 35 minutes ago . i was going to wait a few more days and tell you again . when anyone tells you to stop being so emotional . set one : 1 : how old are you ? 43 2 : what was your favorite subject in grammar school ? science 3 : what did you want to be when you grew up ? oceanographer 4 : do you enjoy reading ? if so , what ... that's a great perspective , karen . when i first saw this thread , my immediate thought was hm , i really am not sensitive to others ' insensitivity , so it really doesn't bother me in general . water ... i have a male friend who is an istj and we're flirting with the relationship idea . i love the compatibility on some levels . he just gets me . i don't have to waste precious time or energy ... singing as i have grown older , i have learned to acknowledge - then get back down to business . when my son comes to me sharing something super , happy , and exciting - i stop what i am doing , look him in ... agree with the above . time will heal things . use your experience to figure out what you'd do differently next time :) i have two things that seem insensitive to me : ( 1 ) same as many have said here ; the assumption that i should just hop on board with the plan of the majority and ( 2 ) calling me difficult or ... you are called distant and aloof when all you are doing is listening . 1 . ) genius - i am a member of mensa and other high iq societies , so yes , i suppose i am . 2 . ) psychopath - hmmm , no . 3 . ) no feelings - hmmm , no 4 . ) atheist - agnostic . big difference ... really ? really . wow . brood a lot ? no , we think a lot . perhaps sometimes too much . i think an important element here to consider is that , precisely , you cannot make an intj feel anything or be more anything . your ... get over it ~ ~ the eagles every post in every thread could qualify for we're not all the same . it's so common it's irrelevant . it's also beyond illogical . of course we're not all the same . why is there a need to cry it out ? ... don't ask a question if you cannot handle the honest answer . the greatest compliment i've ever gotten : you are so logical ... no matter what happens it seems , you cannot fight logic . it may stare you in the face like the ugly hangover you wish it was ... but ... jon stewart and tina fey phew ! thank the heavens :) you should be proud ! what a terrible , but wonderful story . i am proud of you . as hard as it is , forgiveness is the key to freedom . you don't have to forget . our memories and experiences shape us for ... don't back off too far . he wants to know you're there . he wants to know you love him and support him . as rough as this sounds he just doesn't need a mommy . now that's not to say that's what you're ... you and me both ! ! lol so be it :) i don't understand why people get so stressed about the holidays . in this case , the holidays are turkey day through new year's day . we basically have 10 months to plan for the emotional insanity ... i'd have to go with esfp's and esfj's . i don't find rambling prattle endearing at all . i find i cannot listen to a person who interjects like and ummm every 3rd word , and i think in life there is ... please tell me he doesn't currently live in maine ;) fiscal irresponsibility is just that - irresponsible . period . it matters not if there is one income or two . i had a two income family , and a healthy one at that , and my ex-husband's fiscal ... forensic scientist coming from an ixtj ... i am currently working on trying to really empathize with others ; and to understand that you can say i'm sorry and it doesn't mean you're taking blame , you're simply ... to date , i've never had to hide anything in a rush and i never forget where i put anything . my aunt tells me i have what she's calls a ticker tape memory - i don't forget much . it just might take ... i'll make it a mission to pay more attention to the date of the op and the last posted reply on the thread . that said , i have a suggestion to help future newbies from feeling as if they've committed ... i run windows 7 and macos x 1 . google adwords editor 2 . openoffice 3 . vlc media player 4 . firefox 5 . avast ! home edition hang in there - and welcome to perc :) i have two takes on this . my sister is an esfj and though she drives me insane at times ( and i'm sure its reciprocal ) , she is one of my best friends . she is a say it like it is person , which i ... i am posting here as an ixtj :-) when you remember birthdays , anniversaries , and telephone numbers for the last 20 years . nah - not old and cranky . you , my fellow , are an intj ! of course you get us :-) to expand on this , its probably because society and generations have defined women as being a certain way or having certain characteristics , and intj females don't fit the mold . let me qualify that i ... i have always been an intj . as i grow older , i find i know how to employ and use te better and more efficiently . i serve on the board of directors for a nationwide organization and the folks there ... perhaps , then , zombie threads should be removed by the administrators once a certain amount of time has gone by . otherwise , if they still exist , they can still be responded to . the answer is to not ... rusty - i hope this helps . if your intj girl were done with you , the iron curtain would have come down and you'd not be talking to her anymore . as far as i have experienced ( and i am one , to ... 1 . sex is a way for me to emotionally connect with my partner . it validates our togetherness and allows me a small window to show how i care . that said , i seek it about once a month . 2 . at 17 . ... i reveal myself less hesitatingly around my friends . i don't reveal myself at all to those i don't know . i had a boyfriend once who got very mad at me because after a year of dating , i didn't just ... lol - we are out there ! i know we're a needle in a haystack - but if you have the patience ... i'll say it . '