' doctors tend to be scummy , but not my issue , i seldom go to them . mr . wenger , find another striker in case he says no . i believe it's good to be proactive . i despise arabs . i hate them since they have a bully mentality , and they bitch and moan about syria when it's their own doing since they're savage at heart ... i know they always out to get me ... sorry , but arabs are scum . and it's pretty funny to yell shit at them . i don't care if they try and beat me up . like if one sees an arab , and you despise them , and is it normal / acceptable to swear at them in the street ? ? should be normal / acceptable at all times , if one sees a person one doesn't like ? ? ? maths is a very small part of business management . since you own the country . and a princess you project your will on to me and everybody else .. haha . i've heard that toronto has a decent tech scene , and i'm not canadian . is it just to get a visa ? i think he is . he's 27 and doesn't get basic social graces / norms . he calls me on vacation without first saying sorry to call or he'd say hang on ... i need xyz ... he never offers any input into ... it depends , i think it's a concocted condition for some evil end ... no human being has absolute empathy . degree - business mgmt . masters - mba soon - dr . in marketing / economic development and maybe some post-grad certs in political science mbti - i dunno , don't care . it changes often , so ... in my country , most people think the bulk of laws are sound . just my view that police work given its necessity is a more honest and noble profession than teaching , for the reasons that the curriculum ... i want to do a phd in economic development , what is the best way to get into it ? like enforcing laws . police are better than teachers . teachers teach crap , invented by bureaucrats . most people see laws as fair , at least in western countries . most school curricula is crap ... as pieces of paper ... meh ... practical knowledge is key imho . no , since revenge shouldn't factor ... it helps in fast changing industries . lulz ... a false science .. i never said i didn't . kindly state where i did . or go online , and assert your right to make an opinion , and i have to accept all you say .. haha .. cool ... psychology is largely a false science .. there are many economic facts . namely the quantity theory of money , or if a trade deficit being negative for years is bad ( it isn't ) , or that oligopolists can and do price collude or have price wars ... depends ict is a broad industry . piece of paper . they show theoretical competence , that is it . i don't get the question ... they teach both micro and macro econ . there is no agenda . saying that the state lowers interest rates in slower periods of economic growth is not ideological , it's ... '