' i'm not sure if i'm seasonally influenced emotionally , or if this is just the time of year in which people choose to take me for granted / stab my back / walk all over me . it makes me want to start ... the monarchs - give it up - youtubewe just recorded this . some current stuff . http://youtu.be/gx1yN5Rs9fQ my friends who last , respect my need for periods of seclusion . end of story . i've stopped feeling bad about it . i need isolation to stay sane . kill myself , or smoke a bowl , take a drink and sing / write songs of existence , for existence . i can't think of anything more meaningful . it is a daily thought . all meaning chains you to the ... today i am batman , shiraz is my robin . fighting the injustices of writer's block . with my utility belt of angst , and bad relationships . whooo ! i love being an infp male i make lovers for a lifetime ! it's beautiful ! ! infj : sister isfj : brother infp : me istj : mother estp : father actually , it's pretty fun , we are pretty well balanced . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZgyv1-i6s4 do you believe in past lives ? yes they can be so vague in detail , yet so rich in experience . it's hard to shake off . do you know ( or think you know ) what yours was ? yes , i personally believe ... music is my medium for expression / communication . it is as if i'm letting my soul speak . it allows me to cry out for the whole universe . music is my savior . in finding music at a young age i ... the 90 ' s for sure . you started to see a general step away from over-production , and fresh compositions that were well thought out , although not necessarily technical pieces . more music , less ... i'm at a crossroads . can i keep my heart open to her , if she keeps on breaking it ? is it selfish to cut ties for my own comfort ? it would be so easy if we never hung out , or if we didn't send ... at 22 i'm finally considering the possibility that love as i idealize it and imagine it may not exist . this is pulling me apart . it's motivating me to be this love that i so long for . it's ... sometimes it's just about taking that first dip into the water , and realizing you can indeed swim in it . if perhaps you volunteered for a solo , would it not push you to practice the hell out of it ? ... following my heart through chaos . honestly , i think reality is really weird . i always assume the truth is buried somewhere in the middle . i find it strange when people say sex is just sex . i don't know quite how i got here , but i'm pretty sure sex was involved . even removing it from emotional evaluation i find it to be a very ... i have no idea what sex is , but i like it . sex for me is physically saying i trust you , you damn beautiful person . i want to tell you something void of meaning , but rich in experience ... we got our drummer to take the mbti a little while back . it's confirmed , 3 infps . love it or hate it , this is infp music . also , i love those two guys :) i couldn't have imagined a better creative ... i hate to admit it , but i'm far more creatively productive . hang out with friends more . don't have to pick up phone can drinks all i wants , no one judges / cares . sex ! sex for everyone ! sex to ... i'm totally emo . that is to say i exist in a very emotional manner . if this is a subculture , then so be it . i refuse to let my winter depression win . it's been a very emotional season , so far . optimistically , i look at the new year ahead of me . i really have to change this time . no more hiding my ... splashes from the pitcher from 2 to 3 uranus holds me pushing towards the cusp to unfold me i see light at the end of space my muscles are longing for sleep the plateau was grueling what has ... so , my dad just asked if he could try the weeds with me tomorrow . i think we are going to have a pretty good talk / bonding moment . this is something i never thought would happen . thanks mayans ? today , my dog died , really unexpectedly . my biggest source of comfort is gone . i am just broken . searching for anything that feels like home . right now that is vodka . yes , i'm going to wallow ... wtf . so , she breaks-up with me basically to find a dude who is more bad-ass / asshole / older / opposite of me , then turns around and vents to me about this guy after he hurts her ... without the ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PIWdotxMKC4 i want to help people , i know it's general , but it's true . the one thing i've ever wanted for myself is to be loved as much as i love . or rather to say find someone who loves similar to the way ... i get it , and i think we really can open some doors for people , but i resent when i get put on a pedestal . on one side it's like , yes , thank you for at least acknowledging that i am indeed holding ... when it's nice , i like to go to a park and write stuffs . since it's been cold lately i've been settling for inside establishments , where i can chill out for a while and read / write . last week i ... 55548 it's really early , i'm highly caffeinated , and i'm sitting in a cafe taking pictures like this ... i like it , not to mention the whole gesture is so very sweet . he's a lucky guy ! well i guess i'm going to find out ... i just got promoted to kitchen manager at the restaurant i am employed at . i'm really shocked that i was even considered , due to the fact that i have no formal ... sliver i believe i have mentioned this before , but i think the world of your eyes :) i feel like there is no way to avoid the dark side , but i've found trying to use it semi-productively makes me feel better , while also just letting it out . write a song , paint a picture , just get ... something interesting i found on reddit that reminded me of this thread . a color-coded map of the world ’ s most and least emotional countries the idiom spills around me , as the tea pot goes off . whistle , and cough . silence waltzes in between , sewing up the seams . this collage of sound . to 20 different voices i am glued , bound to split ... umm , it's probably my dreads . i wear sunglasses at night , don't let the red eyes distract people for the revolution at hand ! lol i had a really nice little moment with myself last night . a lot of my frustration in life comes from the difference between my idealizations , and my actual reality . still , the way things have ... confession : i'm stuck . i'm really dumb . i don't even care if she hurts me again . i just want to love her . it's as if i were a moth heading right for a flame . fearlessly , willingly floating ... i seem to be going through a period where i am very much less emotionally in control . it's interesting , i've always felt like i exist so fully emotionally , but mentally , in real-time i am not all ... this heart , this memory , a pin-cushion . needles , gifts of love ; when my guard was down . with each pulse comes also , wincing . a sharp , stinging tension . struggling for a swallow , and a breathe ... well so , i just remembered what a hopeless romantic was , and experienced how much of one i am . hopeless , is just so spot on . the accuracy is sickening , i'm an epic cliche . if i would have had a ... hmm highschool ... ( catholic school btw ) i was like an english lord as i walked down the halls , and my lowly subjects would all lower their heads and acknowledge my brilliance ... because i live in my ... there is a silver lining to everything . right now , it's the fact that i have the internets again . although , i had to have my heart broken , and move ( once again ) to get this gift . in truth , i ... i'm just going to get this out while i'm here . there is this person , and this person is my heart right now . this is both fantastic , and terrifying . the ego is causing a lot of fear here in this ... these forums are pretty much the only thing i've missed after my computer broke . then i accidentally washed my phone ... i'm starting to actually memorize my friends ' numbers again . crazy right ? ... do you ever feel like a ridiculous idealist / romantic ? i hope i'm not the only one who still writes poems to people ... you try to tuck it in , but your heart will always make it's way back to your ... oh snap . it has recently come to my attention that i use sex for validation . i prefer temporary mutual validation , but it is what it do . '