' partlycloudy : men are a lot like fish : they like shiny things . wear jewelry . invest in some hot lingerie ( pay for it with a check and put software in the memo line ! ) . perform a strip for him ... i am an esfp . i am able to say mary poppins's big word forward , and backwards ( 2 ways , syllable by syllable , or letter by letter ) . i know the entire morse code . i have a knack of taking any new toy ... verecreperum : scroll all the way up to the top and you'll see the waving smiley emoticon . to the far right of him is a test tube icon . click on that and you bring down the menu of tests . i'd ... i can't get my mind off nurse baker ! i think you were on track with many of your comments . a collage of three songs being sung at the same time while there is all kinds of visual action may somehow instill the message into your mind , ... i enjoyed the movie . i'd have preferred it not been in opera format , but i can tolerate that . watching a scene with three people singing different songs at the same time is a bit much . that is when ... you gonna tell us about it ? digger blue this site has a large window which includes the view window ( labeled hybrid ) , and a window at the bottom in which i am currently typing . at the bottom of the screen is a bar which i can slide back ... i'd say simon was a t rather than an f . that would , however , make him a rational rather than a guardian . mulling this over , he and ruthie , i think , went around talking to all the holy men in town one ... i considered it one of the best family fun shows ; fun to watch with the whole family . it was age appropriate for my family when it was on . i thought it was incredible in that it introduced guest ... digger blue , of course ! manwithouthats : you are too much . nice job . digger blue meet me at the mountain ! opportunities for jugginess are presumed and dreamed of . i'm a slow learner . i will likely do some prep with 1x2 , 2x3 , and 3x4 , then a cool down period going backwards , 3x4 , ... antrist : 10 points for the use of the word dolalli ! digger blue ps nice bike manwithouthats : be careful . you are going to wind up being one of those people who believe that the lunar landing was real , and that mib is fiction . digger blue you , my friend , have just experienced the ultimate introvertian utopia . digger blue you feel badly about the syrian child massacre . have you thought about writing to a politician about it ? what would you want to achieve ? military response ? i was reading about the cost of the wars in ... wasp : i have been criticized for participating in this thread as i am not an intp . i am an esfp . when i see someone who is in pain , or needs the compassion of another person , i consider that to be a ... in a previous life i was known as colonel tom parker . db ps spread it around . don't spend it all in one place ! just make your payment to me via paypal . i'll see that he gets his 3 % . db that is a marketing question . i just judged it as worth selling . i'm not a marketing guy . digger blue you should be selling this stuff . digger blue hmmm . seems intps can be quite humorous . not exactly in the league of esfp's of course , but you can't have everything , tut tut . anyway , the book i read that i found to be very insightful on ... richard : you have to have a positive attitude . if you don't do that , you're licked before you start . positive thinking , my lad . regards , digger blue rise to the occasion . stay in close contact with your mentor . as the german farmers used to say , there is a time to pray , and there is a time to shovel shit . pray , then shovel for all you're worth , ... i once typed my password in the username box . now , whenever i try to enter my username my password shows up . your programming should detect if something in the user name box has never been used as a ... oh , i think the texture is incredible ! of course , i enjoy the feel of it , but you other chumps may not have the 3d touch effects that i have on my screen . it works well with the perc app which you ... blog : looking forward to having the right number of tags available . i could live with 5 , i could live with 2 . i cannot stand being offered 5 , and limited to 2 . digger blue i want virtual arm and head rests . digger blue you have to think that the dog knew that you were giving him aide . he knew that you were doing what you could for his welfare . i would much rather find my pet neatly set on the side of the road ... qingdom : i had the unfortunate experience of riding in the back seat of a car with a college freshman who had the volume cranked way up . i was sitting back there , sort of out of the mainstream as he ... oh , i might add , if the topic is women , i have a much lower score of being right . i am 40 % right 60 % of the time , with a tolerance of + / - 225 % . digger blue i'm a wee bit confused by your statements of how often you are 100 % right . not having witnessed your situations , i cannot know exactly what you mean . in my situation , i would say that i am 100 % right ... the world war i ace of aces was the german manfred albrecht freiherr von richthofen , alias the red baron . i suspect he was istp , and was one with the machine to achieve so many kills . digger blue bowieownsmysoul : greetings ! everybody is looking out for number one . it is very hard to get people to work on building community . thanks for reading my comment and the quote . regards , digger blue bowieownsmysoul : you will have a very different view when your child who is killed in school by another student who gained access to an unlocked gun . likewise , if it is an assault weapon , you may ... as i read and enjoy this page , i see people putting movie clips in their avatars , and music , and all kinds of other things . is that all accomplished by way of the icons above this window , or are ... trigun 64 : now i spilled my root beer ! db the painful prickly feeling you experience when trying to withdraw a handful of sheetrock screws from a carpenter's leather pocket . they are considerably sharper than most nails . digger blue naw , trigun 64 , you didn't even make me spill my root beer . digger blue i was contemplating on eating something primal and delicious . i wanted a beer , but i also wanted a peanut butter and jelly sandwich . i used special peanut butter devoid of trans fats , which becomes ... i worked for an intj . he'd rationalize things and come up with his answer . i'd look at facts ( i'm esfp ) and seek the truth of what really is and ain't . i'm not sure how infj's come up with right , but ... as much of a long shot as winning the lottery is , what does it matter ? if you want to achieve something , you work for it . he says that to everybody who purchases one of those things . digger blue ... happy : i read that i can list up to 5 tags . i have found in practice , however , that i can get only two with a comma in between . you should have your minions change the directions to indicate two ... fourtines : i'll have to take your word for it about the santa ana winds . can , however , tell you all about the alberta clipper ! digger blue ps nice list ! i will add the freaky sound of ice ... ever notice that the military copters make more noise than the commercial copters ? figure that one out . brings southern comfort to mind ! digger blue seeg : love it ! i must say , however , that i love it best when the motorcycle has a base tone rather , say , the high pitched whine of a crotch rocket . i hope to one day play cricket . it is hard to come ... ziggurat : here's a little secret . you are gen y , and interested in women . got that from your profile . being a runty nerd implies that you are somewhat small , probably not a linebacker , and that you ... the heavy blanket , oh yeah . i will add this one : rooting for the underdog and having them seriously kick ass . digger blue '