' the greatest advantage eternal life would have , is having the opportunity to one day live in a world that's not so utterly boring . personally i wouldn't know . i don't believe i've ever really known one . personally i don't have any problem with a one-night stand , regardless of if i like her or not . i just keep in my mind that sex doesn't necessarily mean creating a bond . i do find it strange that ... not much . about 5000 billion dollars . i am not fabulous . what is the sickest fantasy you've ever had that you're willing to share here ? it's not really that uncommon . marketing , politics , selling products ; are all based on that principle . there isn't a single answer for this . just like how there isn't a single ( short ) answer for the question how can you snowboard like a pro ? . the only viable response imo is ' work on your social ... this is far too abstract for me to answer . if i had to choose between my current wealth and my family then i would without hesitation choose my family ( although i value my friends even more ) . it ... wait . just to make sure you're aware of this ; you're basically saying you don't need to know how something actually is / works to claim that your words are correct ? i'm already imagining you working at ... calling people who aren't capable of killing other human beings healthy is a self-fulfilling statement . if it was the other way around , i doubt we'd be around to say anything about it . so yes , ... the problem is making assertions about a system as a whole , from within that system . it's like saying there are no imaginary numbers in the set of real numbers , while only looking at the real ... i haven't ever taken ayahuasca itself but i've smoked dmt ( the active ingredient ) a couple of times . not so much that i went through the sort of ' rebirth ' experiences you hear from , but still it were ... fredward this post wasn't even really directed at you so i think you're taking it way too personally . i wasn't lecturing you nor am i planning to . of course i can simply report posts but i thought ... * sigh * here i was , looking at the the point gif thinking i expected more of fellow intj's . i was hoping to avoid typical behavior where someone posts a simple one-liner , immediately followed by ... considering the fact that whiskey is usually about 40 % ethanol i'd definitely say that's diluted . the taste of whiskey isn't even remotely close to that of pure ethanol . of course you taste the ... swede thanks :) . well not really a drawing , it's a 3d model i made in solidworks ( on the pc ) . every drug on earth creates a minor hype / high when consumed in small amounts . someone on 20µg of lsd will be considerably more sober than someone who's had 5 beers . it doesn't make sense to compare ... i can imagine that you disliked that experience . personally i don't have any experience with ( probably ) opioids , nor am i interested in trying them . aside from that i'm wondering what makes you ... i don't think you really understand the concept of longevity . the whole goal is to make sure those things don't decrease ( as much ) . and no shit , i know we're not ' designed ' like that ( not designed at ... this is something i've made yesterday . not very complex or anything but it's one of the building blocks for a far bigger work of art i'm planning on making.http :/ / oi57.tinypic.com/mw8fpc.jpg longevity . there's just no other logical conclusion . if you live longer , you have more time to experience the joy of love / passion / money / power / whatever floats your boat . if i ignore life-spans for ... hello everyone , i was curious . for those of you who have any experience ( or knowledge ) with / about drugs ; do you think drugs affect the intj in different ways than other personality types ? and does ... in contrary ; i fully acknowledge the majority of people tend to cheat at least once in their lifetime . i thought my last sentence sort of implied that but perhaps i was being too vague . i might be ... if you want that statement to be true , that would also involve * you * being unable to change . is that the reality ? are you really so stubborn that you couldn't change yourself no matter how hard you ... you sound like the most depressing short-sighted nihilist i've ever met . in an absolute sense ; there is no superior way of life indeed . but , looking at the subjective reality we live in ( called ... i think it would be appropriate if you would replace partner with pet . at least , for me the word partner describes someone who completes you . someone who you can share everything with and who ... being an intj pretty much means not mindlessly following your instinct / heart , thus being calculated . i can't call this behavior ' cold ' by the way . speaking for myself , i just work in a different way ... first let me ask you this : why would an intj ever consider having someone as a partner who only cares about looks ? simplicity isn't exactly something we admire . that totally depends on what caused the other person's feelings to get hurt . if it was simply my fault for being an actual asshole ( even from my point of view ) , then i'd humbly apologise and honestly ... don't worry everything is going to be alright that's wrong ( in a moral sense ) everyone is equal you just use big words to sound smart hm that's odd . i usually experience something like vrrr-bliepbliep , then a wooo-krssshoo-zzz and finally a nggtshh-braa't . in short : at the very least gravity isn't a pulling force . it's most commonly described as the curvature in space-time . imagine a sheet , suspended in a frame , that's being bent by a marble that's put ... that actually sounds ... really pathethic ( not to mention completely besides the point of rand's philosophy ( in this case ) ) . what's next ; are we going to hate einstein because he didn't brush his ... if you're criticizing her for her abilities as a novelist then i wouldn't put you under the category of people who genuinly * hate * ayn rand . ( here i make the assumption that one doesn't * hate * ... the only thing i know about ayn rand's philosophy is what i've seen in an interview + the quote the ts posted . regarding what i've seen of her i generally agree with her philosophy / world-view . in ... i don't see the point of you getting your son to kiss girls if he isn't showing any motivation himself . besides that , considering the mindset of your son and the average intj i doubt he'd be in any ... i do have a tendency for it . not so strange considering i dislike this reality extremely much . however , i don't tend to lose myself in escapism for too long because of my motivation to strive for ... below the crystals of origin cracks appear in the flows of existence . ruptured dimensions , shattered pillars of reality . the vortex opens to reveal the eye , once again paralyzing each world with it's ... there is nothing to be done for you here if you're too scared to even hear his answer . if you ask us instead of him , at most you can expect an answer that can never be 100 % accurate . either truly ... yes and no . i'd really like some more social interaction with people i like , it's just that they're extremely rare . most of the time people just bore the hell out of me . usually i'm just sitting ... when people resort to childish behavior in a discussion after you've quite irrefutably proven their point was wrong . when that happens i wish i could sue them so i could at least get a compensation ... when you make a statistical analysis based on all weather-data from the past 100 years to predict what weather it's most likely to be on your birthday . his point was clearly about having the possibility to manipulate , not about the desire to actually go through with it ( although i'd certainly do it =D ) . how do you guys manage to live in such an inefficient / insane world and stay happy ? i don't . or well , i have several different ways of being ( un ) happy . internally i'm definitely happy ( happy with ... as i've seen being mentioned here already ; giving them my full attention . the ones i love are also the only ones for who i bother to actually spend time thinking about how i could make their lives ... the saddest , most honest ( for me that is ) thing i have to say is ; welcome to the real world . the solutions proposed by nikorasu chan definitely work , but in my experience only for a relatively ... i left my study to pursue my passion ; owning my own company . currently i'm an entrepeneur in 3d - printing and i want to develop all kinds of futuristic products ; with regard to design as well as ... what i want to pursue most is transhumanism . to enhance all of the functions our human brain has and to enter an entire new domain of experiences . what we can perceive is so limited it makes me sick ... yes without a doubt . my brain is my existence . if i have hundreds of years more to live i'm pretty sure i can achieve some means of interacting with this world again . they're already able to make ... there has not been a single shred of evidence for the existence for any afterlife or whatsoever . the only ' evidence ' there is , is based on people's experience . and the human brain isn't exactly known ... '