' recently watched fantastic beasts and where to find them . i can't wait until the next movie comes out in 2018 . there is something so charming about eddie redmayne ; it's so immensely pleasing just ... i definitely see fashion as a form of self-expression . i have a very strong sense of when a piece of clothing feels like me and when it doesn't . in fact , it can often take me a very long time to ... just to clarify , whenever i said selfish in my post , i really meant something more like self-ish , meaning connected to the self . i didn't actually mean selfish . i think that people are wired to ... i was both surprised and pleased to find this thread , because i happen to have had the same or very similar thoughts as you ( the op ) for years . i think that in most cases love is selfish in a way ... i just finished reading it yesterday . i have to say , i had been predicting a very different ending . i still really liked it though . i like books that make me cry at the ending . i'm not sure i would ... i'm reading the book right now ! i wasn't aware that there was a movie ; maybe i will watch it . please don't tell me any spoilers ! : wink : i just recently watched the last three harry potter movies . i read all the books years ago , but i never managed to watch all the movies until now . i really enjoyed them ; they brought back such good ... pants that look like they are about to fall off look awful . also , ripped jeans just look trampy and tasteless to me . brad pitt - he looks okay , but not gorgeous benedict cumberbatch - his eyes look strange to me kim kardashian - something about her face just isn't attractive to me and she is too muscular . to ... i know somebody who i'm sure is an estp . sometimes she will act contrary to the way you'd expect an se-dom to act , like for instance there moments when you can tell by her face that she is lost in ... - reaching my full potential in terms of exercising my artistic creativity - standing up for the causes in life that i care most deeply about and thereby helping others miss melody . she is my favorite person to watch on youtube . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5WfZMvFyauI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZNRfeL8nPfw yeah , don't worry about it . i didn't mean to point fingers at anyone here , i'm sorry if it came across that way . as lakigiar said , trump would have won either way . if more people had done what you ... any se-dominant type i don't actually use twitter that much because there is so much on there that i never feel like i can actually take the time to go through everything properly without a nagging voice in my head ... feels-porn https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6C8SX0mWP0 feel like i'm coming down with a slight flu or something . maybe if i get some rest it will go away . those people who voted for johnson or stein basically threw their votes away because there was absolutely no chance for either of those candidates . you're a trump-supporter ? don't take anything i said personally . i suppose that you support trump because he is anti-war ? i used to think that for that reason alone , he might be the lesser of the two ... trump won . i can't believe this , it's so disappointing . how could such a racist , misogynistic , ignorant buffoon get so much support ? by him winning , it's as if he is getting scot-free with all of his ... infp in no particular order : 1 ) pomeranian http://cdn1-www.dogtime.com/assets/uploads/gallery/pomeranian-dog-breed-pictures/10-onback.jpg welcome ! : happy : aww , thanks lakigigar . you are a really sweet person and one of my favorite perc members : hugs : i believe in mystical phenomena because i've experienced such things myself . i have experienced spirits , unintended telekinesis ( i know it sounds crazy ) , and have had dreams of very specific things ... i'm surprised that so many people prefer dark , while i thought almost everyone would say either milk or white . i love milk chocolate . white chocolate can be good too , but they often have too much ... infp . i am crazy about cats , but would also enjoy having a rabbit or hamster . cabbage , peas , and potatoes . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hYy7qy2AQeo i think this is quite true . i think it is what humans are instinctively inclined to do , unless they choose to really think about what they are doing . in way it is understandable , because although we ... if i am in the right mood , both a rainy or sunny day can be equally pleasurable to me , just in different ways . if it's raining , i like it be stormy and heavy : tongue : i love dark and turbulent ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/69/82/1f/69821f17c1d14e7dad76e545a99d7b7a.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/15/9e/77/159e77517cf700f08391990e8dc693f4.jpg ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/74/74/24/7474241a8af5e8c722c044ac658c6f6d.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/69/92/c2/6992c2c6d2b2594735a28804bba6fe3b.jpg ... thanks . i love history , so i will have a look into that : happy : i just discovered the crashcourse channel on youtube . i'm excited because there's so much i can learn ! yes , the ceremony in switzerland was definitely satanic . watch from 0:55 of this video . you'll see where they introduced goats ' heads ( the goat's head is thought by the freemasons to represent the ... yes , i relate to you . there are certain things ( like music , stories , poetry , art , photographs , nature , nighttime walks , travelling , etc . ) that give me these very vivid feelings and fantasies that i ... 14 points i've been wondering about this too as i've been listening to some of the u2 ' s older songs again recently . i just wanted to say that i agree that he is probably an nf type . i think that that their ... for the most part i think my life has been a series of obsessions . sometimes i will get so obsessed and passionate about certain things that i get swept into this frame of my mind where they become ... 1 ) what kind of life do you want to live ? one in which i reach my full potential in exercising my creativity ( i'm interested in writing and design ) , in which i attain wisdom and come to a more ... i too enjoy writing . in fact one of my dreams is to become a novelist and essayist . in fiction i aspire to write about things that evoke powerful emotions or communicate important messages . for ... entp 5w6 i thought it would be great to make a thread dedicated to concrete examples of these two functions in action in real life situations . people are often confused about the difference between these two ... i don't see him as an n type . why do you think he is ? that's an interesting take . what makes you say that ? the british prime minister , what is his type ? i'm thinking either estj or istj . entj 5w6 4w5 9w1 back to enfj . i really think is enfj now . he seems very similar to an enfj i just came across . i would bet that he is an enfj . i could elaborate further but i don't have time right now . p . s . no ... the link shows at the bottom of the infp pictures thread . '