' i disagree on that last bit ; however , i do see that you take critiquing harder than most . truth be told , i could care less about critiques , not because i don't think that educated critiques are ... i'm currently going back to school for all that . at the moment , i chase down clients for opportunities , with proposals ( the last real estate shoot was me hearing a friend's boss needed a shot of ... freelance photographer . just did some work with a realtor the other day ! or you could go on with your life . seems like she's going forward with her's . move on . she's in a relationship already ? respect her enough to let her give it a try without you trying to sabotage it . also , the whole don't want to try to pursue a relationship in fear of ... i love this idea . i am writing here to subscribe to the thread . i'll upload a shot or two of something soon ! criminals are made by social hierarchy , and the need to have cheap prison labor ( oh , you thought that artisan cheese at whole foods was made in a kitchen somewhere ? ) . there is no correlation between ... i love it ! i just try to find a beautiful spot to do nothing in , first , before i get started ! it takes a long while before i can relax , but i find finding a great location helps with that most of ... i was a child actor ( nothing big , just television commercials , side roles , and did a stint of child modeling ) , before i had any say in it . did musical theater after i stopped growing at 5 ' 6 and ... thanks ! all i do is push a button ! i'm a pretty lucky guy . any videos that display that we as individuals are more powerful than the police , private property , or laws in general . basically ' riot porn ' makes me feel alive . i'm especially a fan of ... i love music , i love dancing , i hate clubs . i enjoy a good rave every now and again , but the environment of a club and social contracts within has very little appeal to me . i don't mind surrounding ... i usually stay behind the camera , but i did get in front for a moment , during a smoke break , before the northern lights set off , last month ( i usually only capture myself as a silhouette , if i'm in ... i don't know how motivating that might be for you , as i've learned that infjs [ from the boards , anyways ] seem to be full of advice and criticism , with very little capacity to accept any , or ... i think this is the point where a bunch of dudes that know nothing about being a woman start defining what good and bad feminism is . i'm out . i've been told i have good social engineering skills in every field of my life , throughout its entirety . i'd rather just be by myself than fake a relationship that just serves as a utility to have ... i like being who i am . i don't like categorizing people , in general ; especially myself . i guess it's easier to say i'm happy with who i am , than i like being an infj , but either way , i guess it's ... * puke * if i see over 10 pages on a thread , i figure my input is probably just echoing someone else , or at least , i tell myself that , to not feel obligated to read every other echoing sentiment throughout , ... i voted something else , as i'm not sure what type of feminism fits into that classification . when i hear modern western feminism , i tend to think , white represented , non intersectional feminism ... slightly muscular ( i qualify myself as healthy-ish ) infj , here . i'm not much into the gym , abhor gym rats , and would rather work on a piece of music , or a conceptual photograph , when i have the ... you are still young . take risks . this is the time to do it . a lot of people my age wish they had pursued their creative interests as opposed to chased down their career . as an infj , if there ... this is pseudoscience that depends on arbitrary and simplified categorizations of human interaction that could never lead to a consistency required to form a hypothesis . it's already been debunked ... sounds like you got this love thing all figured out , d00ds . active involved , not because i am uncomfortable with solitude , but because i'm uncomfortable with ineffectiveness . just curious where you dug these descriptions up from , as it's incredibly ... these are my own photos . i definitely find myself taking pictures like this , quite often . northshore tundra http://i.imgur.com/DTi7UZD.jpg unknown road http://i.imgur.com/P5PE8aZ.jpg last ... i just stay behind the camera so i don't have to worry about things like this . i gave myself a 7 though , because i have shoulders and a nice smile that comes in handy for securing freelance work . 31 , graduated with a degree in philosophy . i do absolutely nothing with it , professionally , but i'm happy to have been equipped with fine logic skills due to it , as for my job , i am a photographer ... another post from me ( sorry ! ) . i really wanted to share some shots i got this past monday with everyone though , as i've been chasing the northern lights , along the border of minnesota ( in the united ... that is wonderful ! i love creative depictions of the night sky more than anything ! i mostly shoot landscape photography , and i've posted some here , but i mostly stick to the infj artwork thread . i really wanted to share some shots i got this past monday with everyone though , as ... http://i.imgur.com/FEaJB4V.jpg sunset on st . croix river shot from st . croix , wisconsin , as the sun sets over the minnesota treeline to the west . united states 6/9 / 2015 my favorite shots from the northern lights this past weekend : northern lightpainting http://i.imgur.com/8IcrEcD.jpg night lights http://i.imgur.com/LQXUSfj.jpg my favorite from this past weekend : northern lightpainting http://i.imgur.com/q2nFAM8.jpg i have a feeling we'll get a lot of sleeping posts from this crowd . hahaha . i should be finishing photo edits from my last trip , for tomorrow , but i'm currently watching star trek : ds9 . no ... everyone who came saw them for their first time , so it was really cool for me to be there with them . it's always rare when it hits in minnesota , as opposed to someplace further north , so it's never ... i feel like i post too much here , sometimes ... did my first group camp / photo workshop this weekend , in ely , minnesota , united states . got in some shots of the milky way , the northern lights , and ... i laugh every time : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UAz40DO-oVY damn . you're cold . straight up asshole . sounds like you two deserved eachother . i will for sure ! thanks for the hoody tip , too ! as for the workers , they just had a lawsuit approved to go through litigation , on the charges of wage theft , and their actions definitely made the ... hooray for cosplay ! i used to do quite a bit when i had more leisure time to work on costumes . you do some great work ! i especially love the bear kigu ! i really want to make a raccoon hoody / poncho , ... a couple shots from my coverage of the minneapolis janitor's strike . 6/9 / 2015 http://i.imgur.com/LOXuYMc.jpg at 5:30 , on tuesday morning , janitors of over 50 retail outlets ( including ... took a friend out to shoot st . paul and minneapolis this evening . http://i.imgur.com/ScxTs3c.png http://i.imgur.com/uDCPHKw.png from this weekend : http://i.imgur.com/jIv1EVp.png?1 http://i.imgur.com/nkMwJJV.png?1 http://i.imgur.com/Gv3kz9Q.jpg morning walk bloomington bass ponds , minnesota united states some shots from this past week . http://i.imgur.com/e7NvEwW.jpg starlight , star bright ... minneapolis , minnesota united states http://i.imgur.com/RhzN1tg.jpg roadside attraction waconia , mn baltimore's lor chris , with justice 4freddy . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vfnbh3o2crs http://i.imgur.com/vywpioJ.jpg may day 2015 minneapolis , minnesota , united states i'll still smoke a cigarette every once in a while . i quit over a year ago . i also work for myself , by myself , and don't really socialize much outside of my small group of friends ( though i bet ... yay ! congrats on the new camera ! just take it with you everywhere ! you never know when you'll get that perfect shot , and you'll just start seeing shots , naturally , as you keep travelling with it ... '