' your welcome . ni - next this will happen . ti - it works this way . fi - this feels good . si - this smell reminds me of my grandma's house . kind of like i earned more alone time points . have you considered that those closest to you might simply not know what to do with this new openness you have ? the few times i have ' opened up ' , ... without any evil there wouldn't be good , so it's good to be evil sometimes . - south park satan described here is a solution to the op that could land somewhere on the fun spectrum . bookmarks are meticulously organized . 3 observations about your post : 1 ) willingness to consider a wide variety of types ( honesty ) 2 ) the strong desire to ' figure it out ' ( thinking ) probably because there was never anything wrong to begin with . i've jumped back into enthusiastic conversations with people months later as if i had just recently spoke with them . and the feeling ... hmm ... now i'm wondering if you're my sister . yes , those three . the amount of physical personal possessions is probably slightly less than the average person . compared to my husband though , my areas look quite spartan . hard drives are ... test for the most part , keep them to myself . most people probably don't care and there's no reason to expect them to . from the receivers pov - for those that are close , i endure listening to their ... groups ? ! : shocked : nonetheless , ' get to relax and watch ' implies a sentiment about balance of effort ... my ideal is to have a pared down physical library of books i consider to be most important with electronic copies of the technical books . if something is no longer relevant or of interest , i have no ... prince is the best . - household chores - following various linux / programming related podcasts - reading blogs about the above - exercise - maintaining the hot pepper garden - cooking / baking - going out for mexican ... to eat cake , because sugar is shunned most any other time . i will most likely make it too , because i'm currently operating under the delusion that i make the best cake . my specialities are chocolate , ... i do this also and know it to act as a ' shield ' against stranger's demand for attention . have heard like you're on a mission quite a few times . if he wasn't sociable with neighbors much to begin with , there's no reason to feel guilty . you see the big picture , and either they don't or are happy to be led by the ' queen bee ' . if pushed , i would be aggressively defending myself with facts that the sycophants can digest in their tiny ... sad to you . my point was that he might not have felt sad , alone , and possibly not even aware he was dying . wondering about the circumstances surrounding one's death to what end ? probably best not to bother . very nearly did a few years ago from pnemonia and was so delerious that there are 15 days i can't ... the answer here will be almost identical to my answer on reptilian's thread on social rejection . in general , consider traditions and social roles to be a useful reference for navigating the ' world ... thanks for posting the video . found it to be an apt description of that kind of phoniness . in serious matters , just be positive isn't helpful and can appear either cruel or delusional or both ... triggered . as in i'm totally triggered right now ( flippantly appropriating terminology from serious problems / disorders ) combination buzzwords . staycation , mompreneur , manopause mine probably aren't any stronger or weaker than most people's . there's no issue expressing feelings in some ' safe range ' of intensity . the stonger the feeling on the inside , the less reliable i ... not at all , your post reminded me of the oh my god , i'm so excited ! all over reality tv . i can get quite excited on my own , but it takes effort on cue . lq , yes , you're supposed to walk around saying how ' excited ' you are all the time . living with rbf syndrome in a world of smiles the discipline of delayed satisfaction some women are from mars they don't wanna hear it - offering solutions in a world that just wants to vent do ... are you suggesting that the fantasy itself becomes the ' goal ' ? a poor simulation of te ? asking because i don't know about ni-fi loops . no , consider norms to be a useful reference for saving mental energy for other interests besides ' social things ' . in most superficial situations , it's much easier to mindlessly follow the ' protocol ' ... good question ! that person couldn't elaborate on how they diagnose ' bitch eyes ' . that's probably most women at times , but have to agree , scarlet's is the most convincing : ) i'm stumped . have never asked myself that question as an adult before . similar related questions during childhood / teen years having more to do with insecurities , yes . people in general probably don't ... if that statement is a half joke , then you seem to already know why you distract yourself . the ' loop ' contains no ( meaningful to you ) personal goal in step 4 . once such a goal is identified , e . g ... this quality can make one appear almost otherworldly , although i think it can both attract and repel . the appearance is confidence with less pretention ( because confidence is not considered much ) , ... would say i'm more comfortable in a ' grounded ' state . maybe that explains the occasional intense physical exercise some intjs describe . experience what i suspect as inferior se as not being ( consciously ) mentally quick enough if there are too many ' moving pieces ' - participating in multiple simultaneous conversations , too many cars ... searched around for commentary , no luck . now i'm wondering if they've been asked not to . of course . at the same time , you're a curiosity if you don't let yourself get boxed in . it's kind of ... if everything around you was sweetnes and light , wouldn't you be suspicious ? yes , i would desribe those experiences as sexism . with the cultural baggage around females ( what they are supposed to be , what their needs are ) in general , intj women have a particular problem i ... the memo in its entirety looks passive-aggressive . some might be elitist and not elite . there's no indication of a beautiful mind in damore's strategy or memo . i just can't swallow the hype ... would agree with that , because things break . it doesn't have to touch all parts of an organization . one of your questions raises a point ( although you may have meant it figuratively ) ' show us ... hard to say . i had infinite wishes , most of my time would be spent doing and undoing all these @ # $ ! wishes all the time . probably better to opt out . fascinating - also don't do movies much ... now i feel only slightly less weird . yes , a bit of a masochist that way . by assessment software you mean testing software right ? yep , that's something totally different . i was imagining that pit meant blind skills / experience level matching only . well , you can't ... agree , there would still be a need for some kind of minimal interview . the system would work well not just for hiring , but for moving skillsets to different projects or positions as they come up . it ... if that's true , he has a personal problem . wish the term triggered would go away . the far left likes that one too . lq , just saw you're reply to my edit ... that would be fair , economical , awsome , and possible to achieve ! but would an organization like google relinquish cultural influence ? not optimistic . the idea is too enlightened . '