' 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? my phone's alarm clock . 2 . which historical figure not named adolf hitler would you kill ? why ? i wouldn't kill anyone who wasn't ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5pRYuI3etc had to chuckle at how much the out of the house condition threw me off . however , i frequent coffee shops for interesting faces to draw nearly every day . so that . resultant of a charcoal drawing session before work 690490 leaving social events twice as early a everyone else ( and hacking through all the concerned what's wrong ? questions on the way to the door ) . wow . the moment i feel hurt , i stab blindly and outwardly . rather than process , i retaliate . goodness , isn't there anything i can do right ? on the bright side , i am now aware of my behavior . yay . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab4wJ3hN3UU eesh . my younger self ( 12 years old ) simply stopped talking to someone who i was once very close with . i had gotten bored of them and wanted a different sort of toy to play with . when questioned ... i can be funny , depending on who i'm with . but people seem to consistently like my random trivia knowledge , when it doesn't expose my e-hermit behavior . i have a strange relationship with infidelity . on the one hand , i'm disgusted by it and what it says about human fickleness . on the other , every one of my loved ones have been cheated on or cheated ... my friend is switching states . the one friend that's remained all these years ; that i've taken for granted because i'll always have her that i could never tire of . that was always available ... condoleezza rice's extraordinary , ordinary people : a memoir of family deftones - bored https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lW_SQnDAE8Q will i ever be able to outrun myself ? all this sabotage ; it's like i'm 15 again . who is it i'm trying to hurt , exactly ? it's my own foot that trips me . like a few others , i use google calendar . a few years ago , i watched a video on how to organize oneself with google calendar and it stuck with me ever since . ... lol understood this sentiment may not be as pronounced among those who value interaction itself , versus those who view relationships as a means to an end . fortunately or unfortunately , i ... seconded . in my case , the comfort would need be comprised of / accompanied by a general feeling that this person does not intend to use this information against me . though , this applies to nearly all ... you'll grow into it . just stick around long enough . with enough time , patterns form and preferences culture . in the meantime , look around for something fun to do and do that for a while . definitely . but you won't find me parading ' round halls broadcasting every little fit . quite simply , i'll set them aside until i can go inside . i will try and complete any pending ... better yet , be honest when they ask how you plan to spend a holiday : organizing your possessions , defining and mapping out your objectives , and treating yourself to a book purchase . what do the one and mr right mean to you ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-qZzZDIxq0 i listen to multiple audiobooks , depending on my location ( one is for the gym , another for driving , another before bed , etc ... ) . the ones i'm currently working on are : security analysis by ... i'm in the process of changing the things that i can and want to change . i'll discuss only those things that are outside the realm of practical or possible . 1 ) my genes and the history of ... degree : bachelor and master in accounting my occupation involves financial auditing in the government / not-for-profit environment . mbti : intj do you actually like it / would you rather be ... people are so fascinating . some are just the rarest of gems . some gentle , some exciting . some repugnant , but enlightening . each offering their own jewels of information , data , or the kindest of ... cowboys and aliens . definitely . the bk vs . mcdonalds scenario was an excellent example for you to use . the discomfort is very clearly outlined in your post because of how simple the situation is . and as trivial a ... i relate to your entire post . as i age , i am making bigger efforts to work with the change , either through acceptance or mitigation . my natural tendency in dealing with change is preemptive ... i can relate , only not with girliness . i am not put off by girly fashion . it's flashiness or impracticality ( e . g . high heels ) that make me uncomfortable . i have dresses in my closet that i've ... are you taking a picture ? https://68.media.tumblr.com/a0787ff949cac38b76643a2d00277aad/tumblr_ohqstbrl8x1uhsy9qo1_540.jpg it's a sickness . it's been there for years . and that is perfectly fine . quit pounding sand and get some help . business communication . was this body dug up from a grave ? or was it just the photographer's find after not having been moved for years ? the body looks to have completely decomposed to its skeletal state . such ... the good feels crusade . there are people in this world that , in the finding of an unhappy individual , will do everything possible to cheer that person up , regardless of the very reasonable ... i may have a leaning towards songs of a sad and passionate romance . as shown in this post . likewise . at thanksgiving dinner , i relate most of all to the body transformation scene . i have a terrible want to be preferred by a special few . and it eats me up inside . how do you organize ... 1 . your dvds i don't own many physical copies , so the few i have are stacked together . the digital movies i do own are organized according to genre . 2 . your wardrobe ... you can take the girl out of junior high , but you can't take the cybergoth music out of her playlist . : blushed : my gym has a theater with 2 simple rules : you may not change what's already playing and no talking . despite this , some of the members have a knack for talking during everyone's movie session . either ... your gaming style : aggressive , analytical , relaxed , independent , immersed , and expressive not a big fan of video games , but i have to agree with the results . 370898 the action components ... i share this problem . this is particularly frustrating when the other party won't voice / make known their assumptions to me . if they are confused , i'd appreciate being asked to clear things up ... sade - morning bird https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjEUTXRo-2I dear co-worker , why would you move things around on my desk ? you do not work at this desk . there is no reason for you to personalize the placement of my pens and my supplies on my desk . i , ... impatient as i am , there's something magical in delayed gratification . like chips and salsa . both contribute so much to the enjoyment . this was common behavior when i was 13 . though no longer as common , i still do this to people i like . islam's place in western society , along with its political dimensions . debates on islam , advancing my career ( cpa prep in particular ) , and dietary improvement http://img6a.flixcart.com/image/perfume/4/b/s/eau-de-toilette-elizabeth-arden-100-red-door-400x400-imadu4pc7fvrah5a.jpeg '