' nah i'm like 5 ' 7/5 ' 8 , i wasn't emotional when i lost weight ( not like in sad way ) . on the contrary i was happy that i had done something tangible . i'm just annoyed that i've gained most of it back ... over the past 5 years i've gone from 14 stone to 8 and a half and then back to 14 . ( for my cowboy hat wearing brethren that's roughly 200 pounds to 120 pounds and then back again ) i'm a fat cunt ... had two weeks holiday , still not finished my assignments . stayed up till 3am , still not finished my assignments . bunked off college to finish them , still haven't fucking done my assignments . why do istp's hate commitment ? why don't you fuck off you clingy prick ? it's a joke boi does anyone have a shovel im thinking of digging a tunnel ? racism is always like that . enter germans the aryan race is supreme * loses both world wars * enter black racists : we are superior to our toilet seat complexion counterparts can you get up ? can you walk ? i think i'm finally losing any semblance of sanity i had . thanks bro . too many thinks , not enough do's , need some sleeps . i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore i think therefore ... no . chilled chicken bits are also yum soup is good food . very small rocks . same applies . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8kuqOWLg3Tc i can't stop listening . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbxgYlcNxE8 there is a scary amount of people praising fidel castro as a human rights advocate . they are insane . i have an inclination to believe that within the next few years the world will go to shit . i hope i'm wrong . on a positive note , i've began reading the walking dead comics . good to begin with but ... ezio's trilogy is so fucking great . it's immense . and it has an excellent soundtrack to boot . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ztTjQB89v6U&index=5&list=PLu6_FOgZp3egY2d7orpjP6b8-kw0uiR37 bloody serb cunts . 1-0 gareth bale smashes it right in the middle yes boys snapchat , twitter , instagram , selfies , all this social media stuffs . i have a facebook a youtube and a this . i have no desire to have anything else . music in the charts , the radio etc , there's ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YyknBTm_YyM can we just sort out the american election with a jousting tournament or something ? would sanders be tullius ? xd i am now legally an adult . what the fuck do i do now ? i'm thinking about running away . it's a terrible life to live and one shouldn't romanticise it . i can only ponder if it's better than the situation i am currently in . teletubbies & clown porn jks depression and the death of a parent . fun topics . 5 kids with three different girls he's got seven cars and not a friend in the world . nah dude i don't believe in black people lmao your score was 47 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the low machs , people who will hold out for the goodness of the world and avoid manipulation . not the people machiavelli would approve ... im the funniest person alive 600482 horrible histories was fucking lit . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FA5abHKvUBQ christ fisting . if you work for it ... ice fishing jokes aside , i'm with my hands around hitler . this is around two years ago . 596522 rare with very little mince sauce . you like lamb right , sweetpea ? come on scoob , let's sort this shit out ! insight by dead kennedys is at least 12 % me who's that kid in the back of the room ? who's that kid in the back of the room ? he's setting all his papers on fire he's setting all his papers on ... you are not fucking beautiful . what do you care what the weather is ? you look shit in all your clothes . yr hen iaith , wrth gwrs . also russian and latin have peaked my interest . i'ma do a cato the elder carthago delenda est fuck it , we'll have the whole thing . it's an excellent song from an excellent album from a masterclass of a band . battle of evermore - led zeppelin the queen of light took her bow , and then ... the pain of war cannot exceed the woe of aftermath , the drums will shake the castle wall , the ring wraiths ride in black , ride on . username : old xbox live name i had when i was twelve . avatar : generic image of boop boop boop because i was changing everything i had on the internet because i realised we put a lot of information ... king eric ggmu euphoria tubular dude . '