' dear enfp , i don't like how you feel the need to constantly chide and correct me on everything i say . it's infantalizing , discouraging , and is starting to become an emotional drain on me . i ... 1 ) this is the first post i've made in a year or two , sup everyone . 2 ) i'm graduating with an associates soon , my goal is to get a decent office job before i go back . 3 ) i want to go back to get a ... ha . ha ha . ha . but no seriously i have terrible memory , at least with short-term things . i had an intp buddy , unfortunately i don't see much of him any more . he was incredibly chill and we had a similar sense of humor , it was calm , but never boring with him around . i love nt's , more specifically ntp's . i mistyped myself as an intp , so i hung out quite a lot in that forum . they're incredibly insightful and some of the most calm and collected individuals i know . i have enfj , enfp , and intp for buddies . the enfj is an awesome travel buddy , and the one i have the most relaxing / fun time with , and have traveled the most with . the enfp and i have good discussions ... people who purposefully spout ignorant statements and sweeping generalizations for attention , here's looking at you middle-aged man in my communications class . dear xxx because i don't care enough anymore to know what personality type you are , stop . texting . me . there is a reason why i have stopped texting you back after the 5th time of hearing hurr ... exactly ! i couldn't absorb anything from a writing assignment , as opposed to , say , building something for a science project . not being able to just sit there and pour forth a supposedly intelligent ... i'm currently choosing between illustration ( story-boarding to be exact ) and computer engineering , though i'm leaning more and more towards illustration . do what feels most natural to you , what you ... - being told how to live , especially from a person whom i know is just doing it because they barely have any control over theirs . - busy work , ( sorry to repeat myself ) especially when i'm doing it ... dear isfp , why can't you ever understand the gravity of a situation ? istp how long you've been studying about jung / mbti / keirsey theories before you decided that you're an sp ? i've just come to the conclusion that i am an sp recently , so i would say close to a year .  ... - like others have said , i love the sound of rolling thunder . - the sound and humidity that comes with rain . - the weight of a heavy blanket . - warmth in general puts me at ease . - be more self-aware , it'll save you from a lot of crap that you're given . - there will be a girl that you will meet in high school that will be a manipulative bitch with a massive superiority ... dear self , make up your mind on a career so you can finally decide on which school to transfer , now would be great . sincerely , a mildly frustrated istp just remember that heavy cotton leads to asphyxiation , and that's just unpleasant . darnit , misfire . you always forget the bag over the head first , then stuff me in the van ! the time i have at clubs is alright , and i'm all for going as long as it's with a group with a few dudes in it . the thing that really got on my nerves was guys trying to get my attention by grabbing ... i love the sense of unity here , i've had a few bad encounters with others outside of this subforum not to long ago and was left in the dust . i love how people are willing to stick up for each other ... crystal pancake elderly you guys helped me with a lot of identity , anxiety , and self-esteem issues , and helped me find humor in things again , thanks bros . dear istj , thanks , that meant a lot to me . sincerely yours , istp istj , i get that your stressed about your pension and that the city chair board is trying to screw you out of it . however , this is no excuse for you to treat me and my isfp mother like emotional ... discovering new music , completing an awesome art piece , adventuring a nearby town or trail late at night until the early morning , stuff like that . - a wacom bamboo create tablet - a new laptop ( i know i know , you run fabulously , but being a four year old gaming laptop can only go so far ) - adobe photoshop and illustrator cs5 - book-wise : ... i ate a plain bagel once . so , yeah ... homework ... the internet sounds great right about now ! it's because at that point our brain is running around , attempting to get a good grasp on a situation , and is tripping all over itself trying to do other tasks at the same time and overwhelming ... what tips me off that i might be headed for one is that i'll be more anxious than usual , and i'll slowly start to fumble when doing things i'm usually good at ( mostly work-related tasks , as my work ... i know exactly what your going through , feeling like your going to fail classes and all . my fe is pretty vicious when it rears it's head , it leads to me going into rages ( obviously when no ones ... 1 ) when i'm drawing , listening to music , and surfing the net 2 ) the above 3 ) in the computer / guest room on my laptop 4 ) happiness / contentment 4b ) a sense of direction i'm a 5w6 , which is actually pretty accurate . read the entirety of this sub-forum , no one here is going to take a passive aggressive quip lying down . when we're displeased with something , and we have an opportunity to let it be known , we let it ... when you were addressing xntp's , you were addressing them as a whole , and you addressed sp's in the same manner . even if you were addressing a specific group of sp's , no one would have known . dear enfp and intp , i can't wait to head up to see you guys tomorrow with our enfj buddy , awesome times will be had . sincerely , istp when someone insinuates that i'm the one that's useless after they've made a mistake , and didn't bother telling me so i could fix the problem properly . it isn't so fun trying to figure out your ... - procrastination - indecisiveness - talking myself down / out of trying anything new or anything that would bring attention to me my mother ( isfp ) and i get along swimmingly . it's funny because she used to try and shelter me quite a bit , and when college came around i turned into the one showing her how to do everything and ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kte1mGTT-ZQ i'm usually good after two or three drinks , where i'm nice and relaxed . i usually don't go beyond that because i can't stand of the feeling of having my mind need to buffer before i have a coherent ... i usually wake up angry that i actually have to be awake , after that it's usually contentment for the rest of the day . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I5sVLYQMfe8 awww yeah . menstrual jokes are not funny . period . not new to the site , but new to the forum . turns out i mistyped myself and took the mbti and studied it extensively at a time in my life that wasn't the best , but after a bit of help moving forward ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQMT8XJn_gI saw these guys last night ; good stuff . do you enjoy it ? yes why / why not ? i come from a family of singers and have been singing since i was two , it's is one of the only things i can do exceedingly well under pressure . if so , how ... don't use your fancy-pants logic on me ! > : c or a knife-gun to either , that way you can't lose . '