' you're able to be both open minded and pedantic simultaneously ? lol . at least that seems true of me , at times . i'm sort of annoyed by the sunshine and puppies stereotypes about enfps . ... haha stories of evil esfjs , now that is a fun direction to take this thread in ... lol ... i predict that because esfjs tend to highly value their niceness such things will be especially offensive ... actually , type and intelligence do correlate ... unless you are one of those who completely disregards iq as a measure of intelligence . there have been many discussions on this . intps , intjs , infjs , ... i wrote a long , rambling , obvious enfp-esque post and have sliced off the inessentials ... i have noticed that the nfjs seem to have easily hurt feelings just like the sfjs , but in general are more ... i have very logical reasons to dislike the traits of esfjs as a group . i also highly dislike the beliefs of libertarians and find most romantic comedies annoying - - that doesn't mean i hate all ... sylvia plath's case history conforms clearly to a psychosocial model , according to which a severe life-event in the presence of vulnerability factors ( negative close relationships and low ... and i will add , sincerely , i didn't base my initial bpd diagnosis on this article . i analyzed all that i know of sylvia with my ne-fi , and in response to this thread went on a search for some ... in the case of sylvia plath , a diagnostic formulation has to take account both of the clinical features of her second , fatal , depressive illness and of the nature of the underlying predisposition ... you didn't burst any bubbles , casablanca . i disagree with you . sylvia was much more intelligent than marilyn , but i have no doubts that they suffered from the same illness , borderline personality ... i agree that she was infj . she spent a lot of her life in a ni-ti loop . i also agree that she was 4w5 . that's why so many infps relate to her deeply . i am an infp 4w5 , and sylvia's poetry speaks ... she does talk a lot about doing physical things . i can buy stp for her . the i or e are harder to determine . it's quite plausible the intuition we notice in her is tertiary or inferior ni . and ... i think these two men both deserve their own threads . entp is fairly obvious for rdj . jude law i have no idea . i haven't researched it , but how do we know her stories of being tortured in high school are fabricated ? a sociopath is someone who has antisocial personality disorder . sociopaths are usually ... leo dicaprio seems introverted from the interviews i've seen of him . i have no idea to his type , just that he seems too introverted to by esfp . as to the characters in the movie , i can see jack ... i'm sorry if i seemed to be offended , i was brooding about a fight i had with my romantic interest when i made that post and it probably came out in my response . i hate when that happens . i am ... i don't buy estp . i don't think she's infj either . i think she's an introverted feeler . isfp or infp . so estps are usually manipulative ? the estps i've known are very straightforward . i agree ... i can appreciate you disliking gaga . but , estp ? i don't see it at all . she is very calculating and her imagination is wild . i'm not saying s's don't have imaginations , i just don't see estp in ... that is possible . but angelina was also diagnosed with borderline personality disorder in her 20s , had an addiction to heroin , and self-mutilated . i don't think that points to someone who is adept ... as i've mentioned in other posts , sometimes my ne drives me insane . i can see ifp for angelina being a possibility . i suppose she does exhibit fi . isfp would account for the se so many people ... i'm resurrecting another thread . i like this show and i want to discuss it ! it's so sad it was only one season . i read an old thread on typologycentral in which someone typed the characters ... extraverted intuition would literally be the window through which you see the world , if that is your preferred perceiving function . same with extraverted sensation , or se . it seems your friend ... i don't believe her that she has zero sense of humor . i've seen her delivery of comedic lines in certain movies , and she has to have a sense of humor to know how to do that perfectly . anyway . i ... sovereign is right in that either estj or entj could fit your bf . i don't think esfj does , from what you've said . estjs do have ne as their tertiary function , and that could be a major part of ... i was just watching a documentary on ted bundy , and of course have been thinking about what type he fit most . i finally came down to infj and thought that fit best ... but thought i would be the only ... from that conversation you had with him , he sounds like an entj to me . i really enjoyed reading that . :) i would post conversations i've had with my intp in a thread but they are usually too ... mine fluctuates from above average for a young male to extremely high . i've had to relieve myself in the bathroom many times because thoughts of sex with my soulmate were driving me insane . i ... i don't think of esfjs as highly logical thinkers . they have ti , but it's inferior . the esfjs i have known have been sweet , simple , down-to-earth people . the general description sounds like it ... the fact that you use a lot of ne is obvious , and from your post it sounds like you use more te than si . acting is a very common interest / pursuit with enfps . i actually am interested in acting too , ... i think esfp seems likely . if so , she is like the antithesis of the usual happy-go-lucky image of esfps . she does have the flippant buoyancy of an esfp , though . and she loves attention of any ... i can agree with that . though i am really out of the loop regarding popular music so i am sure there are many good acts of which i'm unaware . among pop stars though , i do feel gaga is refreshing in ... i have vacillated with bjork back and forth between isfp and infp . i think both make sense . she seems awfully aware of all the sounds in her environment , which is classically se , not ne . but her ... i realize she isn't in the public consciousness so much lately . but i was really into nirvana as a teen , and as i've gotten older i've become curious about courtney love . i don't think she is a ... i actually think i am leaning to isfp now , lol . my ne drives me nuts . i don't know . i think she is either infp or isfp . i will admit that her persona seems more sp . she could be an isfp with ... wow wtf did i just watch ? ! that was incredible . suddenly , because of that video , i like gaga a lot more . she really overloaded my senses with a series of oddly-coalesced symbols . i still am ... care to elaborate ? i think the reason a lot of people have leaned away from isfp for kristen is that she comes off as cold and grumpy , and people associate isfps with sweetness , gentleness . this of course is another ... i do think he was entp . even his perceived arrogance is classic of entps , who generally know they are smart and have little patience for stupidity ... just like intps , but more outspoken about it . ... i'm going to read more about lennon and watch more interviews . i think he is a tough one . i can see the argument for entj , infp , entp , it's all over the map . the only thing we all seem to agree on ... her spelling in that tweet is awful , even for shorthand , and all the intps i know have normal to impeccable spelling abilities . still , it would be pretty ridiculous to assume every intp on earth is ... i'm glad that i'm getting decent at typing people , lol ... thanks for the feedback . i am going to go with enfj for him for now ... they all seem to have that intense charm . i think that is a large part ... i knew an enfj with narcissistic personality disorder . he used his fe to manipulate and feign compassion and concern . he was an awful person . i imagine dominant or aux fe or te gone awry are often ... adrien brody - the daily show with jon stewart - 03/05 / 03 - video clip | comedy central there's an interview with brody on the daily show in 2003 . i can't say i get a major impression of him from ... i just watched an interview ... i don't know about infj , he seems rather animated and enjoys the attention jon stewart and the audience are giving him . he seems to relish the attention when i see him ... i have no idea , but i like his acting enough to be curious what anyone else might think ... i should go watch some interviews , as i've never actually seen one with him . he does seem to play some ... i really don't know , he plays a character . i could see enfp rather than esfp , as the enfps i've known seem to be more talkative and often ramble , while the esfps enjoy entertaining an audience with ... i'm not convinced he was displaying fi rather than ti combined with fe . i know my intp beau is extremely compassionate to the suffering of innocent people , and is even opposed to capital punishment , ... try answering the typing question template thingie that is in the stickies . post the template with your answers in this thread , that will give some food for thought to those trying to type you .  ... the more i learn about mbti , the more i realize that j and p have little directly to do with one's organizational abilities . certainly extraverted feeling isn't about organizing things , other than ... i am highly emotionally dramatic . i live in a world of intense feelings . if something moves me , i will obsess over it ... whether it moves me to sadness or joy . i've been called melodramatic many ... thanks , i am reading those threads . a lot of the reasons i suspected i simply could not be infp were based on stereotypes . i am not closed off and quiet at all ... i am very open about myself and i ... '