i think i'm at the later part of the gen x generation . grew up in the 80s . college in the 90s . i'm talking from the perspective of one who went thru adolescence and the strong emotions that comes with it and probably he thinks himself as a protector and would help you whenever and wherever , to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tKL7BoHz48M https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3AP-Q91Rc0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P3AP-Q91Rc0 philippines southeast asian can't have coffee since my hands shake after 1 cup of brewed coffee , not the instant one . i'll bring tea or light beer or single malt , depending on the conversation . fievel , missway yeah go ... burned out ... and i found out it started 6 months ago yes and i second the motion its beautiful watched thin red line , the new world and badlands . i think infjs would really relate to mallick's movies because of the trancendence of main character into thought while noticing all the small ... when i meet somebody new , i am curious but also quiet . i mean i don't talk to them and if i do i have a few conversational topics which then end with awkward silence . it happens all the time . and ... yeeeaaahhh ! ( putting on sunglasses ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbJ59BM5T_k https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QbJ59BM5T_k really like this song for decades and i'm realizing that maybe this is an infj song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd5r40Eydrk really like this song since decades ago . now i'm beginning to realize this perhaps is an infj song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd5r40Eydrk piano - like the sound it produces and i wish i get powers and play it the next day drums - like the rhythm and i wish i could play it guitar - versatile and calming ( or rockin ) thanks . i hope i got this right , as-salamu alaykum emily bett rickards it's hard to try to please everybody , but i think the infj in you would spot the ones you would like to care for the most , and take care of those who needs it the most . and also be honorable to ... why_play_risk the victorian novels i have a hard time , or shakespeare . the old english gives me a hard time trying to follow the verse or train of thought . yeah , its trying to visualize that ... 4-5 times in my life . i really just cut off from friends , read a lot , watched tv , grew my hair long with sideburns , dieted . i think one time it was started by noticing that my friends , at that ... slow and very meticulous . i don't know . i know i like to get every word in , than speed read . a friend just yesterday said i was both very reserved but then people-oriented . i guess if i need to , i can mingle and be a good host , so to speak . at this moment , i don't feel like mingling with ... he went down with them and came to nazareth , and was obedient to them ; and his mother kept all these things in her heart . and jesus advanced in wisdom and age and favor before god and man . luke ... han solo yes . although i think in the range having ordered chaos around me . but function is not quite complete without form , and vice versa . do you have a plan set in stone for the future , do you tend to take life as it comes at you , or do you do a mixture of both ? if so , where do you draw the line between planning and spontaneity ? ... likewise the spirit helps us in our weakness ; for we do not know how to pray as we ought , but the spirit himself intercedes for us with sighs too deep for words . and he who searches the hearts of men ... both , but i'm usually for the music going to make a big decision . pray for me . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gx3G6lU2n_U he's just a crush . perhaps its just that . if you knew better , you'd get disappointed . they will let me go and my plans will come to fruition . most of my collection are science fiction books , asimov , heinlein , etc , plus tolkien , cs lewis . now , our group is reading anna karenina . well , first book of the film club . i'm reading it for the ... yeah you will get jealous when she talks about her ex but get to know her too . it will be a weird thing though on her part if she just talks about her ex all the time and nothing on you , or her day , ... although i can hang out and just do nothing , i know in my head that that should be the point , of hanging out and doing nothing . then that's the infj procrastination . hehehe . still , i think i ... in general , do you prefer texting or phone calls ? texting . yeah , i agree it gives me time to think . i actually like letter writing . do you like to webcam / facetime with others ? not really . ... whoa scary topic . well , i'm a stress eater , and two people earlier said i'm gaining weight . although i control what things i eat ( long health story ) , putting things from hand to mouth is the harder ... i write and use the either fork or spoon with my left . i play guitar , dribble the basketball , bowl , play billiards with my right . i think i just did things with my right because when i learned ... well , money is not my end goal . but it is still nice to have some when the needs ( and some wants ) arise . it depends on who was it from . if it was someone you don't really know , i would interpret it as though they're really really trying to be nice . if it was from somebody i care about , it just lightens ... i studied basic education in a salesian school yes ! q : do you think max rockatansky is infj or istp ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ti86NQmo0IQ i really like this i just came back from vacation . now i'm really sad and wished i didn't leave that place . sometimes . i don't notice all of them but if i notice a microexpression , i do , and it says a lot . i mean i can notice them more than my friends . but sometimes when it comes to myself and a person ... person of interest , ncis , arrow , the flash , daredevil , doctor who ( a few episodes ) , battlestar galactica