' biology is real and it's effects are measurable and factual . all shoulda coulda woulda arguments notwithstanding . your expectation of people viewing porn as if it's just animals is ... ... awww ... yeah i'm sorry about that ; it was shameless clickbait , i admit . well then we have 4 active esfj that we know of so far . i should keep a running tally lol . maybe these are the seeds of ... congrats ! it's something you both have to work out anyway , so nothing ever changed there . you can always confirm what people think right now . but even they can't figure out how they will feel ... it's not that i disagree with introspection and self assessment . i just disagree with internalizing criticism at face value . a person's criticism is based on their perception of someone else , not ... precisely . no you aren't wrong . this isn't an issue of personal liberty . it's an issue of productivity . the degradation of performance that occurs when staff members wear overly revealing clothes is ... honestly , i see all types as equally valuable . we couldn't do things without you . but also , we can often do things much better , if we selectively ignore you first . no offence lol . i ... women who try to rip you down about your performance ( kiss , sex , whatever ) are not doing it because you sucked . they are doing it because they think you think they sucked . if they just thought you ... i try not to look a gift horse in the mouth . i definitely appreciate entj social assistance . where the hell are you ? would it kill you to visit a forum now and again like every other red blooded human being ? ok , ok , my fault . i took that too far . i didn't mean any insult . just ...  ... hahaha so true . speaking of coffee , you almost made it shoot out of my nose . hahaha i am not fully convinced she is intj either . there's quite a trend of wannabe intj girls on youtube - it's all the rage with ... sort of . my mother bought a metric ton of interesting books for me to read . my father always had interesting intellectual discussions . i'm not sure what my mother is . perhaps enfj . maybe infj . ... it can be obvious , it just needs to be deniable . a perfect example of that might be : you should totally ditch that other girl and come watch movies with me tonight : laughing : i like light bdsm . but i'd be completely turned off if it intersected too far with s & m . mainly because it's just ugly to me . dominance / submission yes . leather zipper masks ? no . just no . https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/1e/ff/08/1eff0892415ff96ee4ebbedb9e0b56ce.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/3a/c0/90/3ac0900b7708991ae6671e0607d1c869.jpg good . she's had 5 years and nothing happened . she isn't in his picture . she's friendzoned . but she might have a fantasy that if she can just keep all other women away , she will finally land this ... yup , and to most people that inner war is seemingly invisible . ok . never believe what someone else says about a guy you are interested in , especially when you know they are interested too . ever . ok ? right now she sits in the middle and controls all of ... explosions of anger come from not dealing with anger as it builds , and failing to mitigate or exit the situation . so it stands to reason that intjs ( who often aren't aware of the state of their ... i'm triggered . the real number is 15 . haha yeah . when i made my post i was focusing more on the comedy of running from followers who are looking for a leader , which i've done on multiple occasions . but on a more serious note , i can ... haha . well i will say you are probably safe from intjs clinging to you like kryptonite napalm . i can't speak for the other 3 . : laughing : we weaken your knees but simultaneously make your face go all veiny ? nvm , i've probably been watching too many smallville reruns . :p roud : interesting . i didn't realize our role was to ask meaningful questions . normally i just snipe when i see something stupid ( in any forum , no offence enfps ) , and / or display some genuine affection for ... https://www.google.ca/search?q=pedo+smile&espv=2&biw=1920&bih=990&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwiCjcW_ybrRAhVX5mMKHYzWANgQ_AUIBigB#imgrc=_ : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : still .. i got ... https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/d9/1c/e4/d91ce4bca1dc28546a3146beb083a07d.jpg all very good observations . i watched a youtube intj assert that intj is like the warrior-spirit of an infp . we can develop strong ideals , but at some point we tend to act on them , forming ... i completely disagree with the premise . it's logically insupportable . one does not invalidate one's nature by declaring it openly and honestly . if a rock could speak and say i am harder than you ... heh . i saw this thread and thought : i used to dislike people . then i gave up . socionics intertype relationships : dual esfj and intj is a duality match in socionics . this is reported as being extremely rare and unlikely to happen . i wouldn't have thought it was an ... honestly , i get it . i'm just having some fun with him . verbally sparring with an entp is like putting on gloves to face chris pratt while he's trying to have a dance off , bro ! i get a kick out ... all cats are white . betsy is a cat . therefore besty is white . this would be a valid argument . but unsound . edit : found a link for reference on the difference between sound and valid ... first of all , let me apologize for editing after you responded . i tend to be a bit perfectionistic . i didn't notice your post until i submitted the latest edit . you asserted . you did not ... i picked about 180 values . seemed right for me . it said i would have to vote 45 times with 10 values and 190 times with 20 values , i spent a little extra time figuring out the formula was ... yeah i found it incredibly unhelpful . you can do anything great ... thanks for the help . to be fair , in my experience with entps ( and i have vast experience with entps ) , they tend to have a double standard here . they are often late . but get testy when others make them wait . but ... our function order ( in general , of course ) is ni , te , fi , fe , se , ne , ti , si . but this is in general . i tend to think that many of us develop a strong use of ti in a positive way ( aka , ili or intp ... well i'm late to the party now ... clumsy , your post had me laughing pretty hard . i'm still smiling . while originally somewhat circumspect , i think we are glad you chose to descend on our forum , ... frustration with inefficiency is a manifestation of intuition . when people use ni , they are able to see the connections between things and between concepts . the more they use it , the more they can ... nts tend to care more about the content of speech , than the vehicle within which the information is carried . function over form . we care more about the data , than the container . if you value the ... well , right you are . i had assumed the info was gathered by online polls . i didn't take the time to rtfm . my mistake . interesting . i would think they are a bad estimate . they are from a heavily biased sample , and just about the worst place to gather statistics . this is after all , the i-nt-ernet , if you take my ... esfj infj intj entp enfp esfj / intj is highly underrated as a match , imo , in mbti at least . yeah , if the question was who i would prefer to work with , it would be entj any day of the week . it's just a ridiculously productive duo , maybe even the most productive of any two types combined . ... i don't really think of my own type as ' my favorite ' to begin with , so the disclaimer is unnecessary . others have said the same , which doesn't surprise me . i'm glad you did . my favorite ... do you love me ? yup can you do something to show you love me ? right now ? please ... what ? i'm thinking i thought you loved me i do it's easier for me . my family spread out a long time ago . all i have to do is claim prior obligations ( to my easy chair , computer and a glass of scotch ) . and visit them some other time of year . ... the best way i could describe it is : i'm like forrest gump . he just runs off and does his own thing . he doesn't hate what others are doing with their lives . he isn't judging them . he likes ... '