' death note , code geass , steins ; gate , and attack on titan . when you find out , please let me know ? i have one good friend who has been in my life since i was three years old . i don't even remember how our friendship started , but we've been best friends our ... a video message my brother sent to me about being stuck in traffic xd . i have always been the type of friend that i myself would like to have . however , i do not expect my level of caring to be reciprocated . i've come to accept the fact that others just aren't like me , ... for me , it's usually a lack of eye contact that is telling . when i'm really engaged in a conversation , and actually care about what the person i'm talking to is saying , i look into their eyes . that's ... i'm a violist , so i prefer the viola over the violin . since they're both in the string family i will choose violin even though violins are too small for me to play . i've come to the realization that the world will never be what i want it to be . mainly because there must always be a balance . as much as the hatred in this world disgusts me , if we took away hatred ... i have more characters to add . game of thrones daenerys targaryen arya stark jon snow eddard stark tyrion lannister the other day at work i was looking at a painting , and mentally transported myself in to the painting . a coworker of mine walked passed and made a joke about how homicidal and murderous i looked . i ... i too do not like walking in front of a person that i'm with . i think i have a paranoia that i'm being scrutinized for everything i do if i'm in front . like i get on high alert , and something inside ... i'm mixed . my cousin on my fathers side is infj and she's not mixed . according to pottermore , i'm a ravenclaw . i will read either books or fanfiction . i will write whether it be venting in a journal , or create short stories or reread what i have of my novel and try and focus on that . i will watch ... reading makes me the happiest . emerson why do you believe that hermione is estj ? in case you cannot tell , i'm very passionate about hp . mainly because it was one of my refuges and mental safe places growing up . i spent so much time in that world , and frequently revisit it . so if ... i think she uses ni . my reasoning behind this is she's very aware of the consequences or outcomes of things . for example , in their first year at hogwarts , harry and ron were challenged to a duel by ... how she defended neville in defense against the dark arts class when professor moody was performing the cruciatus curse on the insect right in front of him . she picked up on his distress . come to ... i like how you used grawp's name for her xd . ciggystar could you explain why you think that hermione is more intp or intj ? i've always felt a strong affinity to hermione too . every fanfic i read is usually written with her as the main character , and from her perspective . i've always understood hermione , and compared ... i watched this movie a few months ago , and i found it to be very interesting . yes , i was going to say that until i realized you beat me to it ! i really miss that show xd . i've learned to only put in as much effort as the other party . plus , if they want to hang out i leave that up to them now to initiate and try to make plans with me . i learned to change from that ... 1 . kindness ( not only to me , but to others . ) 2 . similar sense of humor ( can appreciate that my darkside sometimes comes out when i joke about things ) 3 . able to keep up with the tangents my ... that's subjective for each individual infj female . what one might like , another might not . i'll be watching doctor who on christmas day . that's the only reason i'm looking forward to it . i miss my doctor , and cannot wait to see him . i'm not sure if my family is celebrating christmas this ... i too pronounce it letter by letter . i'm the same way when i don't have enough time to recharge . if i'm alone for an entire weekend , in isolation i find that on that first day back in society , i'm more personable . however , i have to be ... i think that does make sense . i was focused yet i wasn't xd . my brother would try to explain things more thoroughly , but that messed me up . i found that by following my instincts , i did better . my brother and his girlfriend both told me that i was a natural driver last night and that i was doing better than they did their second time that they drove . that made my day because for the ... the hobbit , it was awesome ! i feel conflicted . torn between negative family issues , personal events that make me happy , and personal events that leave me in a state of confusion . i wish daleks would come to my job and kidnap me because , i'm a future companion to the doctor . that no matter how far and long you run from issues , they always catch up to you . witnessed this with my father . i also recently learned that it's okay to express how i feel to others , instead of ... my brothers girlfriend trusted me enough to drive her car tonight . it was so much fun , and awesome . i really like this girl . i cackled like a mad person . even though it was in a relatively empty ... 55184 i prefer hot chocolate or tea to coffee . i love cats though . harp glee or kidz bop ? my cousin wanted me to help her with her psychology essay . i looked over it , and that help would consist of me writing the paper for her . i declined because i don't think that she'd learn for ... i do tend to turn to escapism at first . i write about it . recently i was in a very dark place due to things that were and still are going on . i wouldn't be able to see lightness at all , if it hadn't ... a writer of fiction for books , television , and film . something in the field of psychology i'm not set on which yet . to be quite honest many fields that involve psychology fascinate me . most likely ... river , is that you ? my confession , i've been isolating myself throughout a tough situation . as i'm coming out of it , i've begun to crave human interaction . only problem is that during my recent ... park adventure or mystery ? i know . you can tell somebody you want to be a published author , but if you're not working on a manuscript with a set plot that you can summarize , it means nothing to most people . idealist michael jackson or prince ? i was experiencing something similar recently . i wanted to leave the city that i live in , for a cabin in the woods . in fact , i still harbor this desire but obligations keep me from acting on it . i've ... real book laptop or desktop ? i don't know if mines will be of any help to you , but i'll try anyway . age : 19 gender : female relationship status : single social group : loner introvert or extravert : introvert what can ... michio kaku forest or desert ? i think i'm going to start looking at life more from the writers perspective . whenever bad things happen in a book , it usually leads to character or plot development . just because we may not see the ... '