' 1 . what are the wings of your fixes and core ? was it hard to realize them ? ( why or why not ? ) ? 1w9 5w6 4w3 . at first i thought maybe 153 . but i realised i was confusing so and one competency triad ... https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/28/Confessions_of_An_Economic_Hitman_Cover.jpg i do not feel that keen about saving either . the mona lisa is a well known painting that will not be lost with the original , copies are every where . yet , a shortage of children is one problem this ... i don't get it , all this fuss over a few phone calls and an abandoned coat . no , this does not show poor or questionable character as they have not actually hurt anyone , they've just bent a few silly ... no . williams is an sj , likely an si dom . istj or isfj . this would also fit in with his obsessive perfectionism , which you prescribe to ti but is quite likely an obsessive si-te process . music is very ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=akiVi1sR2rM ^ this is so true , nobody fucking thinks about how amazing this time right now is . everyone seems to take this wonderful technological civilisation we ... my manager at work is an entp . he has a brilliant understand of our major concerns and what should be our objectives , so i respect him . but he has an annoying habbit of voicing dozens of ideas that ... pretty sure i'm not a feeler , i always favour what is reasonable . i do not much enjoy talking about emotions as i struggle to know how to respond to them , other than to suggest solutions on how to ... ^ unsure , other than this person is definitely an intuitive . enfp possibly ? me : 1 . i feel disconnected from the world and people around me , humanity is different and distant . which is an absurd point of view . mbti is not just a labelling system . it is also a model for consciousness based around the cognitive function theory of jung . without this conceptual model the ... what is your total personality type ? mbti : intj socionics : ili-ni enneagram ( with wing ): 1w9 154 instinctual variant ( so / sx / sp ): so / sp hogwarts house : slytherin star sign zodiac : ... colour is just a frequency of light , we perceive it in our own way but our eyes are really just receptors for em radiation . it's a real aspect of reality . this frequency can be altered by a process ... precisely , you got it . though i have a lot of emotional issues in this area i'm sure . i am completely clueless in terms of how to respond to people . how to present myself . tone of conversation , how ... entirely depends on the situation doesn't it ? also note that it's related to strategy in terms of giving favours to people who have helped you , then altruism is hardly the appropriate word . my ... what you mention is very typical of ni doms , i . e . will struggle to put the entirety of what we think into words . not because what we think is necessarily of such depth and complexity , but because ... this is not true , much like you can change colour by distorting the frequency of light , it is also possible to distort time . we now know that time is relative , meaning that it's entirely possible to ... conversation with my istj father . we are both type 1 . istj dad : have you heard of pokemon go ? me : what , why are you asking me about some game ? istj dad : it's become very popular . your sister is ... father : istj mother : esfj sister : infp aunt : entp grandmother : isfj every time i meet my mother , she calls me either a robot or a secret agent and demands that i change . needless to say my ... the ' order ' aspect is a stereotype . with dominate ni and inferior se , intjs may not necessarily be particularly interested in the order of their life and what is around them . they are primarily ... do not trust a quiz ... remember that your function do not operate in isolation , you have one consciousness that is integrated . what i mean is that , a quiz is unlikely to tell the difference between ... i agree with strontphite's perspective . there's no mandated meaning and nature doesn't give a shit . but this is a good thing . the purpose of life appears to be continuation , as well as change and ... no , i've never had fantasies of killing people . well at least , not while i've been an adult . it's usually escalation to a situation , rather than a solution to a problem . and is in violation of ... never . at least , not since i was a child . i did have such thoughts for certain people on the playground at school . i now have a conception of morality and the worth of a human . ( i . e . , universal ... pineapple . well , i'm a photographer . i had been forced to exercise se in photography , to have more awareness of such aspects that i certainly did not have when i was younger . often photography is about having a ... : sad : this is so familiar and is especially bothering to a type 1 intj . i work in it , managing accesses and security . i handled an audit for the finance system which involved revoking accesses for ... what is this , ' friend group ' ? i can not say that there is any group i regularly i hang out with . other than ensuring good relations with important people at work , i'm my own best company . i suppose ... it will be even worse than the current world that is quite apparently run by sts . though there may be a few important improvements , civilisation would start to break down as utopian ideas that are ... i'm not very fond of the houses . i admire varys and littlefinger . varys for his persistence in trying to reshape this world into something more fair and justice . compared to the unprincipled power ... ni is not a rational function . intjs start with what intuition perceives , and then seek to verify it . indeed the x-files show is entirely about the intuitive vs sensor dynamic . moulder would arrive ... well ... i would say such a comment is suggestive of values . there are no bare facts . all facts are interpreted through a perspective . to remark about foreigners in a crowd reveals a persons biases ... intj photography architecture reading pornography computer games ( usually strategy games like rome total war , civilisation or hearts of iron ) debating people on the internet ( hearing other ... for me , it can feel a lot like this movie's lightbulb scene ... you suddenly realise that there is an idea that connects it all together , or you suddenly realise what something will be . there's a ... not one vote for formality . it's common sense isn't it ! better to give jobs to red blooded american criminals than poor people struggling for better lives in developing nations . that it's just an aspect of life and is not unexpected . indeed i feel like i've been rejected by the world and that my adulthood has been a slow plan to sneak back into it . lets get lubed ! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49EtwQi3-2M this is a silly question as what you ask has already been done . and coincidentally ( ha , ha ! ) the us has 25 % of the world prison population . more than china , a totalitarian state with 4 times the ... in regards to paul hawken . his idea of natural capitalism is quite brilliant and wide adaption of this concept could fix many of the problems we have today .  ... philosophy : john stuart mill thomas hobbes marcus aurelius ayn rand friedrich nietzsche science : charles darwin richard dawkins mbti is cognition functions , enneagram is motivation / fears . they are complementary and compatible . isfp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yDP9MKVhZc isfp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iD6TjoAZGpQ have a sense of what you can get away with , i am not very interested in conforming but there are definite negative consequences if you go to far . it however is not very difficult to have a sense of ... istj , relate to the te and fi . also , type 1 enneagram is quite common with istjs . i relate most strongly to 6 and 2 . as i've become older , i've become more focused on te and fi , i note when i was younger i was much more 1 ' the nerd ' . 6 . the moralizing intjs intjs with ... because you are only looking at the universe in one direction . go in the other direction of scale to the very small and you'll better see what the universe is .  ... sales ? no way . i do not want my life to revolve around bullshitting people into buying crap they don't really need . this career is my idea of hell . i work in it which involves a fair amount of ... yep , if something at work needs to be done i will keep going until i'm satisfied that things are in the state i need them to be in , for things to be working and moving forward as i desire . i will ... who ever said there was limited choice in democracy ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OK6ixvKxw7E art / crafts ... goodness i can barely write let alone draw . also , sports / physical education . the subjects that involved direct physical activities with little in the way of any mental interest . these ... '