' all the time , but especially when i'm trying to write anything . not only do i speak my thoughts out loud as i try to compose them , i read out loud when i proofread . thankfully , i have a private ... always infj . primary : yellow secondary : sensitive tan my desk at work is like this . someone came in last week and made the comment if her desk looked like mine it would drive her crazy . i quickly demonstrated the organization system and she couldn't ... this exactly . if he can't listen and attempt to understand where you're coming from and help you get where you need to be emotionally to take that step with him , he isn't worth it . good luck ! at least we both know we aren't alone in our aloneness ... :-) we'll make it . and find men worthy of infj-ness . i have kept written journals for years . i also have a creativity journal where i keep things that inspire me . dear my istj , i miss you so much sometimes . things are crazy these days and there are times when i would give anything to feel your arms holding and loving me again . but i can't . i can't go back ... dear asshole landlord , yes , i realize you raised my rent $ 100 instead of dropping it the $ 200 you were supposed to when i gave up the garage . basic math , jerk . after not fixing my shower in 5 ... he is just a man . he puts on a mask to be what he thinks i need but beneath he is still just a man . i do not know the man . i have four friends who i let in completely and it would really pain me to lose any of them . the other people i regularly socialize with , it's more out of obligation and to avoid hurt feelings than ... so there are 2 maps ? there are only 36 pins on the map . i have added mine before and it was gone . also , when you add yourself to the map , if you don't use your user name from perc as the entry name no one knows who ... my therapist and i discussed how so few people are willing to look at themselves critically and admit their faults in failed relationships , much less do the work on themselves to insure they don't ... i've dated all sorts of men and can't seem to find anyone who has ( a ) done the work that i have to learn lessons from mistakes in past relationships and improve himself and ( b ) is good enough in ... i have wondered about this as well . one of my best friends is also infj , but she is more like you describe yourself than the first type you describe , which is more like me . i've wondered if that has ... i love you in my face . your forehead touching mine as you look so deep and tell me so much - without words . your hand i withdrew for several years after my husband passed away and am only recently coming out of it . i needed the time to find myself again and figure out what was important to me as a newly single woman ... infj , capricorn / aquarius cusp that's what i have . deer grazing in the front yard , lightening bugs at dusk , and a big front porch . :p roud : about 30 minutes to the big city or 15 to my small city . my cat follows me to the door sometimes when i'm leaving for work . then he will look out the window and watch me while i'm leaving . i feel so guilty leaving him ! ! : crying : lol dear new job , please be kind to me tomorrow when we meet for the first time . i don't like change and i'm kinda nervous . sincerely , your new infj boss level 26 series by anthony zuicker odd thomas series by dean koontz the book thief by markus zusak the kite runner by kahled hosseini lincoln rhyme series by jeffery deaver confession : the teddy bear my mom made me in childhood is currently on my bed because i can't stand the idea of her packed away in a box . : blushed : i laughed so hard reading this because i had forgotten many of those things about myself . i still try not to kill bugs or lizards though . lol ( i specify lizards because that has been an ongoing ... i've always loved to read and would resort to reading encyclopedias or the phone book if i had nothing else of interest . i had a very strong fantasy life even as a young child . i played for hours by ... there really isn't much you can do about it . for me , it hurts very deeply and almost constantly at first , then other things happen and i get a bit distracted and one day i realize it doesn't hurt so ... i will set weekly written goals for myself . if i don't write them down , they aren't real to me . i check them off as i go and find that doing so actually increases my productivity . anything i do ... my therapist told me not long ago that most people aren't self-aware and never seek to do the work to understand what motivates them and their behaviors . as a result , they move from one bad ... this is exactly how i handle that as well . when i have that feeling , i tend not to ignore it . i have in the past and regretted it when the person showed his or her true colors . my husband didn't feel worthy of me and we suffered 12 years of mostly misery . when he was gone , i had to realize i had become so shameful that i was destroying relationships based on my lack of ... so true ! this coupled with something else that happened around the same time proved to me he is weak , something i find very hard to stomach in a man . and the search continues ... mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience , tolerance , optimism , joy in the other's achievements , confidence in oneself , and the ability to give without undue thought of gain . from ... my parents will celebrate their 53rd wedding anniversary this year . it seems the younger generation ( younger than my age of 44 ) have a much different view of until death do us part than we were ... i write poetry and journal . i have tried blogging , but can't get into it . i prefer the action of putting pen to paper . i withdraw and sometimes cry , then write . i have kept journals for years , so it heps to be able to look back and recognize patterns and triggers to extreme emotions . music is a common refuge for ... i'm afraid of someone watching me from outside my house . all the windows have to be covered after dark . i'm also afraid of someone sneaking up on me if i'm outside in the dark . and doors have ... i'll go with common sense . : laughing : alright , that isn't really a superpower but i'm beginning to think it should be ! name : kathy astrological sign : capricorn personality type ( mbti , duh ): infj age : 44 i don't know about the accuracies of the others , but your prediction for me is wrong ! :) i believe in ... if my sister-in-law posts pics of the kids , i look . if someone i already know sends me a private message , i read it and respond if necessary . otherwise , i couldn't care less who is eating where , ... how deeply i love even those who don't deserve it . the depths to which my depression can consume me if i am foolish enough to wallow in it . being so quirky in my personality that i spend the rest ... i was that way with this show i think was called romper room . the lady looked into a mirror that spun on the back with all sorts of colors and she would call out names and say she could see those ... i used to trust openly and equally until i learned the hard way i couldn't trust someone . now , trust is earned and the people who have gone to the trouble to do that can be counted on one hand .  ... makers : 1 ) good sense of humor , makes me laugh and can laugh at himself ; 2 ) introspective / self-reflective , has learned from past mistakes ; 3 ) ability and willingness to communicate openly ... i voluntarily organize a monthly gathering with a group of current and former co-workers . i called a man i dated who was 9 years younger man boy . :) i have a pretty high sex drive and am a submissive . i have played with a few women and could see myself doing it again , but it's not something i look for . much into the kinkier side of things , which ... there are only four people i consider friends on the hide a body level . there are plenty of people i would call friend , but using the term much more loosely . the main reason for this for me is ... not explaining weird at all . i do this with my entp best friend . when he hears me verbalize feelings he is often not even aware of yet , it's often a light bulb moment for him . i've often said i think ... ranch when i don't care , most any vinaigrette when i'm trying to be good on my diet . '