' i've been away for a couple of months and my avatar is missing ? then i see in the message threads , so many other members have lost their avatars also . i thought i had a backup copy of my avatar - ... so me ! ! ! yes that happens so often . with the younger women it is all about being trendy or super stylish . with the career focussed women , it tends to be competitive based on an image or a power thing . ... yes unfortunately . to the point they were violent ... i have avoided that person ever since ( two years + ) currently my hair is just past the top of my shoulders and that's because i recently had 3cm ' s cut off ! normally i prefer to keep the length at about the shoulder-blade region as it is most ... oh yes , when i'm down in the dumps , this is sooo me ! mbti is far more appealing to me . enneagram gives me a specific description , but that's all i want to know . socionics is intriguing , but i haven't really had the motivation to learm more about ... mum was esfj . dad was isfj . so two very similar types . they were good providers and supportive parents . i had a better relationship with my father than my mother . sexiest type huh ? well , it's a combination of attributes for me . foremost , they have to be intellectually interesting - that really gets my immediate attention . in fact , with the right mental ... that's what i love about enfp's ! in my career , i have worked in business ' where there was no specific uniform to the opposite where a uniform was mandatory . when i was younger , i was rebellious and didn't like uniforms as i felt ... i have a very large room with a wir and ensuite . my bedroom also has the dual role of being my study . when preparing to go to bed , i don't really have a set routine , although you could say most ... this is my take on deadpool's type in another thread ... http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/145577-deadpool-estp-entp-3.html#post36257338 although i voted him as entp , i actually think he is an enfp . the ne & fi expressions gone wild ... i can imagine an enfp to be cold-hearted and seek revenge ! ( admittedly it takes a lot to push an ... i'm an entp and very much into a fashionable appearance . by that i mean , all the usual girly girl stuff - makeup , hair and clothing . i guess i have a strong sense of pride in my appearance and it ... just throwing the thought out there . as an entp , i have often been told that i look far younger than my actual age . and not just recently , but ever since my early 20 ' s . the only other entp i ... i'm fortunate to have an athletic body . but that doesn't necessarially indicate fitness levels ! for most of my life , i have had to exercise on a regular basis to maintain any decent level of ... all of the above ! more often than not i just can't turn off the brain - it drives me crazy sometimes ! i can be awake for hours after going to bed ( and usually that is quite late itself ! ) . ... me : freedom creativity intimacy / friendship i value freedom immensly , whether itellectually or in the physical sense . creativity in terms of emotional bonding . re-igniting the ' spark ' to keep ... yeah , me too . pretty much the reason why i made the op . bitchy ? no . every other negative adjective ? most probably ! ! ! i'm comfortable in either scenario in terms of what you describe . in regard to the large expo situation , i would be more involved with another person in terms of sharing the experience itself ... the finance industry . i survived 15 years ... not infj ( soz ) . malificent is my current avatar . if you know her story , you know what i'm like when it comes to love ... me too ! i particularly get enjoyment from the speaker's inflection of phrases that convey a sense of ' experience ' , like you're ' there ' or you can relate to a real life event - ' deja vu ' almost ! ... as a young'ish person i valued the concept of ' family ' and considered them essential in my life at that time . however as i became more independant and assertive ( your typical entp ) , i failed to ... this is sooo me now ! i have recently been isolated by extended family and a social group that was very important to me in the past two years . i'm in my mid-fifties and you'd think my fe would be ... not so far ... and unlikely in the future if it happens again . when i'm done , i'm done . the fifth element . the four types with fx dom all have ti or te as their inferior function . you can't have both fi and ti in the function stack . you have one or the other . i doubt you are an fi dom based ... grudges ? no . that's too similar to ' hate ' in many ways and i don't do that . resentment ? yes . it's normally for an extended period and subtle , but it does fade away . if i am pushed to the edge ... we are born , we're given a name . do you like yours ? would you change it ? would you choose a new name based on cultural or religious reasons ? or something that is currently trendy or unusual ? ... you will not believe this ... ... but i was already playing this song at exactly the moment i read your post ! what an amazing co-incidence ! ( i went to my first ac / dc concert in 1978 ! ! ! ) thinking about myself , i have essentially been single for most of my life . just one long-term relationship ( 9yrs ) and a few that lasted less than a year . the thought occurred to me that nt's in ... there are just too many ' life influencers ' to assume that any given mbti type will or won't be religious . if anything , i would expect the traditionalists ( sj's ) or the values oriented ( nf's ) types ... this is exactly me ! although deep in my soul i am emotionally affected - i just can't get it out , particularly if the other person wants to ' talk ' . a great personality ! anyone who is confident and content in their life . i live in the temperate zone of southern hemisphere . the four seasons do not have extreme variances , although the summers can be very hot . australia is large enough that it covers a latitudinal ... i completely lose my appetite . at my worst point , i can remember not eating for two-three days and just drinking coffee consistantly . more commonly , my go to is - - - chocolate ! ! ! yes ! i'm not so sure androdgenous is the correct term though . the nf's i know are very in touch with their physical appearance matching their gender expression . i have seen nf's who are ... yes they do ! you need to consider that not all men are insecure about their intellect and may actually consider it an attraction in a female . intelligent woman can bring an entirely new ... most introverted ' extravert ' . i'm going for the enxp's . most likely is the entp as they have ti ( introspection ) as their aux function . they would retreat into their ' own world ' when necessary ... the results seemed to be representative of me in a broad sense . it could be more refined in specifics , but overall i think this assessment tool is reasonably accurate . i won't list all the ... my life was , is , will be . bad memory ? i remember everything - unfortunately ... this is so true , but it seems nobody ever recognises it in me ? it can be frustrating , but then again i'm not great at emotional expression at the best of times ! ( hey , i am an entp you know ! ) ... with a female infp . * emotionally manipulative * self-centred . * not realistic or practical . the reasons could go on ad-finitim , but it would depress me . just say i couldn't handle the ... coconut cream . reduced kidney function due to prolonged dehydration in the summer of 2016 . i have most definately had this intense connection with random people . it is something you can't really define , but you know it is tangible . it drives me crazy when it happens and for some reason ... '