' i was 6 or so , and my teacher had us copying and solving math problems from the board . i finished very quickly , and occupied myself while the class finished . when we regrouped , children were called ... query-poser : who are you ? me : ( stares intently into the eyes of the questioner , becoming stiff and motionless upon hearing . remains gazing until an understanding is established : ‘ there is no ... i prefer to keep my objects minimalized , so my space is pretty tidy . it is possible that the gap between my time-frames has to do with the numbers themselves ; i can't think of any reason why 10-12 shouldn't be just as well as 8-10 and 12-2 , but it's been rejected . may i interest anyone in a bottle of tears ? i started collecting tears on one of the many occasions where someone becomes vulnerable in my presence . they're fools , really ; i don't know why anyone ... i am irritated by driving , amusement parks , and taking the same vacation plans routinely . my neglecting to elaborate constitutes some denial of other evidence which i'm assumed to have assumed trifling , or hadn't the capacity to recognize at all . i become consumed with the awareness of illnesses i didn't come in with ! here's one ! this thread was designed as fuel for a group of conspirators in need of new ideas . if you entered a room and i was near the door , you'd hang your coat on me . while out on a walk , i noticed an ink-drawn paper sign on somebody's front door . it read , “ do not disturd . ” naturally , i held it . “ so , are we trading suggestions now , or what ? i'm bursting with good ideas ! ” i have so many abstract cats , i can't even count them all . i had a friend whose intj dad worked ceaselessly to make me blush whenever i came over . the reddening of my ginger skin seemed his purest delight . that last sentence , removed from context , could ... what constitutes a lack of thought ? i've lost my sense of age . let us indulge our tastes for wine and cheese while we discuss this phenomenon . sheep with staffs . delete ; i meant to post this in the thread about what pisses us off . ah , the rush of crime . you are publicly humiliated , but earn redemption through your manner which proclaims , x93that didn't just happen . no , i'm serious . x94 i am not perceived as being socially skilled , because my social skills do not match social customs . they are fairly refined , and i thus become appalled to observe what is ‘ common sense , ’ along with ... i was sent out to purchase plums , and i accidentally bought nectarines . * fist enters drywall * a scant rain is causing an open window to drool into a makeshift curtain . they make the sound of delicate osculation . it is pleasant . this window is my subsequent occupation to feeling poorly . the one who is drowning , of course . “ the cinema , ” blurts the brain . “ it's almost a box ! and it has a big picture ! ” hush , kid . i'm trying to watch . i don't like those at all . actually , i find it endearing to be addressed formally . insanity and the intj . . . here . have my p-ness . there are people in this world whose suicides i worry will be realized . there are books in this world whose contents i worry i will not . i'm too sexy for this party . ( ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ) the coinage of escapism , sincerely . look for ways to troll . when boxing up your books is both a joke and a game . here's a box for your books , is the joke . tetris , folks , is the game . i lead from the shadows , emanating a warm , fresh cookie smell . that's . . . precisely it . i'd like a hero . it's a seasonal flower , this particular sorrow . how could i have forgotten my summertime melancholy ? right outside the door of a cultural center . you're very welcome , of course . how did you come to that realization ? edit : . . . woah . masculinity . an intp liked it ? equally impossible . i had been trying to figure something out , and when it didn't work , i replaced it with a period . it was text-formatting stuff . i wouldn't punish my child for swearing . i think i might've seen you early this evening , nezumify . you looked like your profile picture . to imagine one's troubles as they'd appear in a disney animation is a certain comfort . e . g . , coffee is spilled into my lap . i imagine myself leaping to my feet and flicking the glossy , steaming ... you only disappoint ceiling cat , evidently . unless he's into that . . hope is a watched object of mine . i callous my fingers with my teeth . that way , i can only mumble , and have a single unoccupied strangling hand . when you fall asleep and miss important engagements . ( this isn't my first infraction . ladies and gentlemen , i'm shitty . ) it haunts me to carry a lie . that said , i carry as many truths in my special sneaky sack of secrecy as . . . well , anyone . any person with a large sack in their possession . accurate descriptions , indeed . thank you for your search . yes , pardon me . i have experienced sleep paralysis , though i am certainly conscious when this happens . i don't think i'm poisoned . it doesn't frighten me , normally . do psychopaths often scare themselves ? '