' the day that sex is simply physical my heart would go cold , the sky would turn grey , nature seem silent , the ocean just a puddle .. this kind of overreaction may support those who think ... i understand having ideals shattered , wanting to help , not being able to , or help not being accepted . all that jazz .. sorry if i simply reiterate , but as far as crushed ideals go , i've come to see ... hahahahah ! ! : laughing : .. * slowly shakes head * ... i think who will lead between infj and infp has more to do with enneatypes and levels of health . fearandtrembling runforcover 07 wait a second ... fearandtrembling ... runforcover ... are you kidding me ? ! ? ? hmm ... i'm being anything but a reticent charm right now ... feels good :) alright . i submit . : bored : i can't go on . i'm a lover , not a fighter . the battle is yours . infj lead there you go , ... new ideas to an ongoing thread ? pff who needs ' em ? it wasn't my intention , honestly . but now that i think of it .. interesting i know the type . i've unfortunately only met insecure and over-confident infj why ? .. did i ? still playing nice here . i promise i'm not about to beat you up runforcover 07 haven't read the rest of these comments yet , so maybe this has already been remedied . i don't think you ... you're so right . that's what i need to focus on as well . deadlines are not my friend and no matter how good my work is or how good an idea i have is it goes unwanted , disregarded if people don't see ... less capable person achieving more ... the cold sting of truth . this has been my experience with infj i know . now that's a conclusion ! awesome resolve :) hey isfjs :) i have a friend who wants to write a song for a girl he likes . i am not certain of her personality type , but i suspect that she may be at least an ixfx . i know for certain that she ... hey isfps :) i have a friend who wants to write a song for a girl he likes . i am not certain of her personality type , but i suspect that she may be at least an ixfx . i know for certain that she ... overly complex ? perhaps ... ( i don't think so , i try to make things - like emotions - obvious by hinting and directing , everything but saying it out right . darn extroverts never get it tho ... hardly ... * coughcough * not only infjs get the friend-tissue routine inspired by the recent infp and infj : who takes the lead ? thread , i am now curious ! infps three questions : 1 . do you like , enjoy , or want to take the lead in relationships ? ( friendships , ... or perhaps a grand design if put to use effectively , focused somehow :) this ... now this i agree with . i do want to caution you on your infj are not ' difficult ' , comment . that would be 100 % determined by the individual . some people , infj included , are scorned or ... you're not neutral , sweetheart , you are also an infj don't you think you're a bit biased ? more skilled and diverse ? how so ? ... you're trying to aggravate me aren't you . i think our experiences are very different . granted , i'm more assertive through text then anything else , but trust me i'm not a passive person when it ... wouldn't you say that depends on the individual . take you and me for an example : you don't fit my shy , hesitant , please-accept-me view of infj . do i fit your passive view of infp ? trouble is both infp and infj are introverted , so perhaps i'm not understanding what you're getting at and i'm never bossed around ( as much as i don't want to let you know it , i'm playing nice ... man ... i need to meet the infj you guys are meeting * snickers to myself * too many impulse posts : tongue : didn't give myself a chance to combine them . strongly disagree , besides the pairing being not so good . that we agree on . you'd have to prove the rest to me . * sigh * that's how it was ... is for me now too entheos i'm with you on this one pfff infp takes the lead . personal experience . - end - and that's how it can get a bit frustrating when it perpetuates hahahaha : kitteh : you're doing great so far ! i think you'll do just fine :) if anything it'll be us english speakers writing gibberish that will be hard to understand . i totally agree . it sure would stink if she's not infp ... but the way i see it , if she's more willing to show immediate appreciation then she'll do so whenever she sees him next . at least if it's a ... fair point . i'll see if i can run this by him . it may be a little tricky on my end cuz he's already written it , just can't decide what to do with it ( whether to go through with the full gift or not , ... the card idea is cute :) i don't think she's an hugs-and-kisses type girl ( though i'm sure that was on his best case scenario list - personal theory ) but what if ? thanks for the input ! ! trying ... yes , yes you are : tongue : and it's you're job thx ! . coffee see there's plenty to go around : kitteh : much love lemxn , this is why i love infjs hahaha yeah , that's what i told him and we're very much on the same page ;) very interesting suggestion . i never thought of them listening to it ... eudaimonia entheos holysouljellyroll thx :) but i've seemed to confuse you : kitteh : to clarify : he asked me to preview the song , it's definitely positive it wouldn't be live in ... i too had a friend introduce me to mbti and i've never had a personality test actually pin me , but just like you said , it was like me in words . just from what you've said already you sound like an ... i'm sure you will ;) best wishes to you bro ;) it's admirable that you've got your head on straight . i suspect that's relatively rare among our type . hey rae ! i see you've posted several other times , but i don't believe you got a proper greeting ! so , welcome :) from and infp to a potential ;) have you figured out which type you are yet ? guess ... * tilts head * i'm not sure how i can help ' - ' .. you should've seen how frantic i was on my first post o_o you did well :) i expect this place will be grand to you in no time at all ! sometimes you gotta let out whatever's there and see what ... i comepletely understand ... so awkward right ? it's a way to force interaction i guess . get you out there , build confidence or something . anyway , welcome :D i hope you come to enjoy this place as much ... hey :] i'm an infp ... so we're both introverts awesome ! you've been stalkin ' around here longer than i have , but i've been revealed for several months now ;) i'm glad you came around . enjoy yourself ... hey :D nice to meet you too :) i hope you come to love it here as i have . i've only been on for several months but it truly is a place to discover yourself when used well ! happy posting ! hey infjs :) i have a friend who wants to write a song for a girl he likes . i am not certain of her personality type , but i suspect that she may be at least an infx . i know for certain that she ... hey infp buddies :) i have a friend who wants to write a song for a girl he likes . i suspect that she is an infp and i know for certain that she likes him too , but i need some feedback . so , ... i have two guy friends that are enfp , they both are very much like you , ipixgirl , on this . i'm painfully aware of how good of catches they are and i must admit i've liked each as more than friends ... perhaps what infps imagine doing : wink : oh , i'm sure plenty of infp express their hearts artistically but i'm not sure if it would be welcomed . btw i'm sure this person likes and appreciates me too ... '