' entj , intj , intp oh my goodness ! i thought i was the only one who didn't go to my graduation when most , if not everyone except me at my university , were bustling and hustling about it ! btw , after more than a decade , ... lol ! that's me ! ! even though i did plan my summer with activites and put them on calender . :) firstly , i admire your courage to start this thread ! secondly , you speak my mind and my ( more than unpleasant ) dating experiences with my ex-partners who , now in retrospect i know , were sensors ... you are so intelligent . you are smarter than you want people to know . you are charming . you are so sweet . you are a sincere person . great observation ! , thanks , your post turned on my silly laughing machine ! so funny but so true ... the pictures of the small innocent ' child in nature vs the serious matured grow-up inside 4 ... i desire to be together with him now ... someone very special to me . i know it is an old thread , but just really wanted to say thank you for such an honesty of your type . dude , i hope you got enough rest . it's been almost a month since you first mentioning your essay . when will we see it ? :) a badass steam-roller on the surface but marshmallow inside . on mine , talking about sexual intrigue ! humm ... i don't think he knew my personality type , i think ... unless he was that into typology ( which i don't think so ) or he was that do at typing . i know i'm still considered different at my ... haha ... thank you . i'll take that as a compliment to the infps ! :) welcome ! i am a newbie , too . you may get more response if you post this in the nt forums or the entp forum . i hope you find what you want in personality cafe . :) thanks . i read that . very entertaining . the first sentence is an uncanny accuracy of my belief which back up by actions - - i will help the whole world one person at a time . thanks nts for ... edit : no way ! it's creepy when we hardly know each other and we were in a business setting . but yes , i would have loved it if we were already dating . if the attraction was mutual , meaning ... haha ... decide what ? :) my question is : is bold declaration of romantic admiration characteristic of enfjs ? i didn't ask for an evaluation of the content of his letter to me . make sense ? :) ... no problem ... really , i didn't sense any of these at all . thanks for being thoughtful , though . :) as a fi-dom user , i lock up my feelings ( both positive and negative ) inside me . it may look like i'm expressive about how i feel , but whatever i express to the outside world is generally only the ... haha , i like how you called me dude . thanks bud . lol ! ( in my silly mood this morning ... ) this sounds exhausting ! thanks for doing this for our type ! i do know that generally it is more productive to strengthen the first 4 functions instead of developing the shadow functions which ... he seems intp to me . about the humor : intps i know can be funny and humorous in situations i least expected . , come back soon with your essay . can't wait ! ! i practically would like to read more about how to develop a strong se . thanks ! thanks ! i find this insightful ... something for me ponder on today . it looks like enfjs ' emotions and affections for others run just as deeply as the infps ' do , but the infps keep those feelings ... i guess it could be frustrating when the results were totally opposite from what you wanted . i guess people like to know that they are liked or admired . but when the message of romantic interests ... thanks for the concern ! i did tell him that i was not interested . yes , bold or not bold is subjective and relative . i'm not interested in him and i told him so . but i am interested in learning to understand enfjs as a group more . the more i understand a type , the ... yes , creepy is the word that explains how i feel ! i am not interested in him and i told him so nicely . why do you think so ? :) i forgot to mention that i told him nicely that i was not interested . i like that you mentioned about politeness . yes , when i was younger , i would do things against my own preference in order ... btw , that was not my comment . i wonder if you took that wrongly . those are my questions . i don't know so i asked . care to educate me ? :) why my comment is complete non sequitur ? do you care to explain more , please ? i am curious . how about those who change from being atheists to theists , such as antony flew ? what happens to their smartness ? hello enfjs , i met this guy in a business conference which lasted several days . after it finished , he wrote me a love letter saying how much he admired my charms and physical beauty ( in his ... thanks for sharing your stories . i can totally relate to them ! , i highly recommend the essay written and posted by , a wonderful intj who cares so much to try to help us infps . you can find her essay in this thread . thank you for educating me about the weltschmerz thing ! i now understand where you come from ! here we clicked : i actually understand the weltschmerz thing but without the strong intensity of negative ... my second question is : maybe some infps naturally enjoy this state of being sad and dark and don't won't to change ? there is no right or wrong emotions but there is healthy and unhealthy ... can i have questions instead ? my first question is : can the following solutions help the troubled infps ? please note that all the 3 solutions are utilizing the fact that the human mind can only ... hey , seriously , i am still reading . it is very deep ( for me ) . it does show that you've spent a lot of efforts on it . wow ! please prove me wrong for you to say what i wrote is wrong . well said ! it's not easy for me because of my strong p , but it's doable : i've learned to focus my attention on what i want but not on what i don't want . i really appreciate that you shared with me the bigger picture ! i just wanted to help ... yes , people tend to underestimate our type but we also naturally underestimate ourselves , not being confident about our abilities , not being showy about our achievements and shield our inner selves ... am i being too honest ( without knowing it until someone mentions it ) again ? ? : rolleyes : you are brilliant ! thank you for having the interest in helping my fellow infps . i don't have the darkness issue mentioned in this thread though . ok , i just printed your essay out and i'll let you ... similar feeling here . when i was a child , if i smashed an ant , i feel guilty and would lose in thinking if the ant's family were waiting for him / her to go home at sunset ... how did they feel that the ... this is very dark , imo . your profile says you are an enneagram 9 , the peacemakers . are you sure ? i am an infp enneagram 9 , not just i cannot relate to the darkness being mentioned here in this ... i am a bit ticked at myself . when i joined personalty cafe , i decided not to disclose my experiences with a sociopath . but damn it , due to the altruistic nature of an infp and the need to help ... i hope i can offer some help here with my limited knowledge ... an unfortunate situation which put me in up-close contact and experiences with a sociopath for more than a decade and still going on ... i am an infp . i'd always had this feeling of being a stranger in this world until i found out i belonged to a group of personality type called infps . that day when i read the personality profile ... '