' i would argue that japan is more 2 rather than 6 . both emphasized on keeping harmony and peace , but i see japan as less ' questioning the authority ' , and more ' dancing with the flow ' . a lot like ... sugar , colorful sugar . honey honey . tastes wonderful , especially with milk . especially with flavored milk . sugar ! i think there are a lot of brands in many countries . perhaps adding them with ... it pisses me the fuck out when i ended up failing my own ideals . when i got tainted . it pisses me the fuck out when i found myself being helpless . knowing i'm right but not knowing what to do ... first of all , hugs to all of you . i hope you're feeling better soon ...  ... but feeling better does not necessarily mean the bitterness will subside . that's the sad thing . however , you can do ... first of all , thank you , esfjs or non-esfjs , for the insights . i'm learning a lot about all of your types from your posts . i cannot add anything else , except anecdotes that yes - i personally have ... i'm glad that the situation seemed to be mended off for the better ; for both you and her . hopefully you can grow better and hopefully she can also respect your need for quiet times . * hugs ! * for ... for me , se is ... well , the drive that pushes me to where i want to be . sometimes it meant brute strength , to just do do do do do - - sometimes it meant flexibility , anticipation , fluidity to deal ... that is an interesting aspect - - i certainly didn't think about it that way before . :| i wonder if there's any way i can peek into the si ( oh god , si . ) to figure out whether i'm traipsing into a ... i see :D that ... is quite difficult . that actually reminds me that sometimes the esfjs i know did act or made statements like what you made . xd yes , there's almost always something they , you , ... i agreed . i was wondering if that too will effect esfjs because they are one of the most social people . i guess so , yes . oh , i see . * nods * good to know . yeah . i cannot help but compare and ... i know a bit of esfjs . they are shiny . absolutely so . very social , outgoing , seemingly being able to make friends with everyone and anyone ... the charisma , the joie de vivre ; they seem strong and ... and ... i read this ; and i got scared . socionics - the16types.info - supervision-relations it hasn't ended yet , but you just described the railway of a relationship i'm currently having , and i shall take this uncomfortable feeling as a praise for your aptness , at least in my personal case ... as a fe aux , i can say that it is partly true . i'm still ni dom - - i will become a hermit and ponder and ponder and think and think and think and for fuck sake think . but there will be points ... hello , good people of personality cafe , and esfjs in general ; fe salute * runs * i'm in a journey of learning more about you guys , and i have a peculiar questions to ask ; please feel free to be ... so .. seeing that with the more awareness of personalities differences ... i would like to ask for some business book recommendation .. it would highly seemed that i need to jump in the world of an ... it's not something new in terms of message , but it surely is new , adorable , and definitely heartwarming in terms of how it's presented :) yay , just had another clash against my father . o / ( hint : my post in the estj forum , works very well if you want your estj to be crazily frustrated with you ) basically the problem is , my life ... ... my mother is an enfp . my father is an estj . they divorced , somewhat . :| it's .. tragic if you ask me . :| ( i hope you'll never see this happening ) my father's main point is that she always plays ... * hugs everyone here * each of us have our own problems , and i hope each of us won't be beaten by life . i hope everyone will be strong ! including me . i have an estj father . that should say a lot . yeah , i have . i've spent about years and years ... probably my whole life , thinking that he's trying to pop my dream , bring me back to earth , and ... define function , really . :| i see , i think of something , i react to it ... * runs away * but as per infj's sensitivity ... i often analyze something depending on how it - should - feel , and react ... yeah , a lot of good information here applies to me too . have imagined about it activated , and seen it actually activated in one simple sentence ... it kinda thrown me off the balance . part of it ... eh ... me ? ... a friend said i have this kind of expression too , kind of like > : | or t_t , and i do notice i tend to ... pull this kind of expression . what goes into my mind ? basically i'm ... hmm . * hugs * i hope it'll get better . :) it must have been bad for you . her interest aside , what are you planning to do about this matter ? what do you think you can do to her , at least for the ... can you explain more about this ? i think it's quite easy to be friendly * in the least , commonplace definition * , but not so easy to consider one a friend . and strangely , when i consider one a friend , i began to rant and / or show ... a lot of things ; for example , my old ipod . or my old pc . i still kept my old ipod and still using my old pc , for nostalgia's sake . just be yourself . afaik , they don't really like to play games ... and changing yourself because of someone else won't do any good to you . and consider the circumstances , too . entj - is - that kind of a ... kinda ... it's a kind of compromise , i suppose . between the personal desire to help and / or understand , and the personal fear of being rejected ... comes the defense mechanism . sometimes . the politics in my country are messy and ... pretty much headbanging-inducing . i learned to ( somehow ) close my senses and move on , but it still hurts . it's generally a sense of wtf are ... [ quote = kdm 1984 ; 358704 ] do you have a tendency to brainstorm and come up with various , perhaps unrelated , ideas on how to do something ? depends . overanalyzing , yeah ; but i can come out with millions ... i am an infj and i am a human who's simply trying to be better . / raises hand well , imperfection is humane , but humans can reach divinity if they wanted to . i'm doing fine with most entjs , providing they have past their ' a god am i ' phase . otherwise i'm running away . fast . and the interests have to be clicking ; it's best to keep it professional / ... yeah ; ni is pretty wild , and we have ni as our dominant function . go figure . to me it's like ... a ) random . in my imagination , it's like closing your eyes and trying to pick something in a ... hee ... quite a topic here . i wish it's here 4 years ago . :P as a fellow infj with ( failed ) experience approaching an entj , i would like to try to give my insights , and at the same time , am asking ... yeah ; but more like , they all tried to force their own worldviews to me . and it's not done properly . thus i backed out . i think it's a problem related to expectations . and for me , the key is ... yes . i'm good with maps , but in my town maps aren't really useful . and my visual memory ... is spent on other , more useful things . i can navigate myself quite well in malls or buildings , but not ... i sometimes pondered whether i might be better off alone than with the wrong person . but of course one have to try to find the person themselves before ever finding the right one ? sooo .. yeah ... oh ; hi there . we seems to have similar problems . although i'm still in the choosing process . also , congratulations for being accepted ! thanks ; i think i should apply this some time after now ... i ... i don't know . i can talk about bodily functions , some rudest sexual behaviours in a quite detail just like describing the weather , but i don't think it's innocent . at all . innocently rude ? ... i can see the natural tendencies , and i give all of you props for it . :D mine ... nyeh , the remnants of my once p-ness makes me afraid to see beyond a year . am trying to change that , tho . i found it doesn't suit me anymore . so ... this topic quite helps . entjs surely can be ... a saint . unwavering in their faith , with all the support one can give ... and a wise man . or the protective hero . but a saint is more ideal to me . it all lies into the attitude . you can be the humblest person and still not be liked ( or liked for all the wrong ways ) , or becoming that admirable , charismatic , passionate and likeable leader , or ... i tried defining them ( ss ) and mostly teenagers , by asking : 1 ) what's more important to you , your accomplishment , or your goals ? ( i expect the s to say accomplishment ) 2 ) hey , what's your goal ... yeah . i think it's a very humane and understandable reaction , given the context of ' something that's illogical to us ' . it's just some express it in a way better than others , in different ways . i ... it's kindof funny seeing life made in terms of programming , but it do , and it works . the steps given are pretty ordinary , but : this statement is pretty new . i'm getting used to hear you can't ... dad : estj ( yes , i concur . very hard to please , sticks to the ' usual ' / ' the one that works ' ) mom : enfj '