' ack , i feel your pain fluffy_me . my dad and i are both isfj , and as much as i love him he can get under my skin like no one else . i get really annoyed when he can't let something go or he brings ... my aunt is an entj kindergarten teacher which is kind of hilarious . she keeps those kids in line . there was another thread that talked about this , my take away was ... nfs look for soul mates . nts look for mind mates . sps look for play mates . sjs look for life mates . one of my best friend from high school is an estj and we get along great . it's been my experience that estj + isfj is usually a good relationship , i've gotten along well with every estj that i've ... surprise for everyone . : mbti thought i'd share that dario nardi will be answering questions on reddit's mbti page on wednesday february 13 at 1pm pacific . he's one of the leading researchers on ... people use cognitive functions to think and process information . someone with all or no functions would have no strengths or weaknesses , which everybody does . i've had this happen talking to other isfjs , it's easy to run out of things to talk about . but not always , depends on the person . introverted functions are harder to identify than extroverted ones because , well , they're introverted . i think it's usually a lot easier to spot fe , ne , te or se because it's out there and in your ... strengths and weaknesses , a million times strengths and weaknesses . being an si user means i need structure in my life and i do best when i have a plan laid out and expectations set , and i need ... there is no one perfect match , personality type is just one of many things that make up who someone is . life mates . she can't pretend to be happy , cheerful , or interested when she's not . nah , we're too similar . intelligence is really important to me . if i can't have an intelligent conversation with a guy i'm dating it's not gonna work out . it's not the only factor but it's a big one . sensor does not equal low intelligence . come onnn . esfjs can be great friends . studying the esfj profile and fe + si may help you understand them better . but remember , there is more to a person beyond their four letters . i got isfj when i took the official test in high school and the description fit me to a tee . i've taken online tests with varied results . dammit i thought this was morgan freeman . i'd say enfj as well . i think high school is a good time to take the test . kids younger than that may have the functions well-developed but maybe can't necessarily answer questions about it . i like being around outgoing people , they can liven up the conversation and make things more interesting . you don't have to dispel mbti . it's a good tool for better understanding yourself and how to communicate with others . it should not be used as a way to put limits on others or yourself , human ... dario nardi has done some research about the neuroscience behind cognitive functions . here's a talk he gave at google : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MGfhQTbcqmA all of them . this is really interesting . there's been a little research into mbti and the cognitive functions ( especially dario nardi ) but much of mbti is still speculation and repeating things read on blogs and ... jack from lost was a well-developed isfj . his number one priority is caring for people which makes him a great leader . he's loyal to his friends and sacrifices himself for the benefit of others ... what's your plan here ? that's probably what she is wondering . i'm guessing you guys haven't articulated what exactly your relationship is , she may like you but feel insecure because you say you ... i'm glad studying mbti is helping you get along better with isfjs , it's helping me get along better with entps too . the shitty thing about being an isfj is it can create a loop where you're ... because the other types are not who i am , i know people who think like that but that's not me . mother teresa is always listed as the famous isfj . i dislike her on grounds that she refused pain medication to the suffering because suffering brings you closer to jesus . if that's not a ... pros : makes it easier to communicate with others once you realize how they think is not how you think . cons : can lead to giving yourself or others a pass because that's just they way they are / i ... if you kept googling you'd find socionics which says infj is your dual . it's a balance thing . the idea is that two extroverts together will never give themselves space for introspection and two introverts together will never want to leave the house . results may vary . admitting it is the first step . :p i'd think this could be an intuitive mantra as well . some sensors can be overly-literal and just accept a statement with the assumption that someone is serious about their words and their plans , ... being competitive depends on the situation . i think it's silly when people compete so hard for trivial things , i . e . i kicked your ass at bowling ! ! i totally crushed you ! or i got 87 on that ... isfj : expectations : extremely organized reality : i'm a total slob expectations : cannot handle any change , total traditionalist reality : i love new ideas and different ways of doing things ... hannah : entj ( i thought enfp at first but she's just so self-centered , i say inferior fi ) marnie : istj charlie : isfj jessa : enfp shoshanna : isfp adam : intj ? 1 . si is more how my mind works i'd say . i talk do tell very detailed-stories depending on who i'm talking to . 2 . i'm pretty open and at ease around my closest friends and in small groups . it ... are you really a gypsy ? if so , please tell your friends to give me my money back and to stop throwing rocks after dark . not considering how other people feel about something is as illogical as making it the only thing you consider . 1 . gender roles are antiquated . every individual and couple should do what makes the most sense for them . that being said i do hope to stay home with my kids some day when i become a parent . i love ... my brother is an isfp and he's great with computers , he's had to fix mine a few times , always helps me install the chrome add ons and he's helped me uninstall viruses i accidentally download . he's ... sensors can be prone to depressions too . big changes are difficult for us . graduating college , loosing a job , ending a relationship , feeling hopeless and like there's no plan . everyone has ... i've always thought obama was an entp . lady gaga too . i call bullshit on this thread . it's really not so simple to generalize how well you get along with every single person of a type in any situation . i have one very good intj friend that i get ... my mom is an infj and my dad is an isfj . they're both very sweet and helpful and awesome but in different ways . for example my dad will usually sit and listen to telemarketers where as my mom will ... if it'll help you relate to her more and communicate with her better , great ! it'd be really interesting to see how self-compassion as they stated correlates with type . i definitely think this can be a problem for isfjs , si can create a feedback loop where we're ... this might correspond to si , so sj types . '