' piggy backing on my previous comment , i'm again amazed that the industrial / dubstep sound of skrillex is being considered for a handfull of grammy awards . a grammy ? ? ? you mean the shity radio play , ... theopendoor i'm pretty sure that was a compliment , so thank you . to the rest , i'm checking in only to check out , again . i'm off p . c . for the thanksgiving holiday , and will likely extend ... thanks for this post . i'm a huge monty python fan and can't believe i've never seen this sketch . i love that hegel is disputing the score based on the illusion of reality . friggin priceless ! in my k through 12 years i held every role except maybe jock . i was the : nerd , prep , burn out , popular kid , outcast , criminal , freak , bully , bullied , stand out , invisible , scholar , failure .   ... amazing ! ! ! never would have guessed to find such a synchronicity to my listening tastes . i considered myself something of an outcast when it came to musical choice as my spectrum of interest is ... wikipedia : about - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia theboss you seem an intelligent person , and i like a good argument , but it seems you are avoiding the central point of my observation . the main issue , that should be evident by now , is that you ... generally speaking , we do , just some more than others . some are either blind to it or just let their little head do all the thinking . some will do the favor aware of being worked for other ... supreme knowledge = to the men on the thread , sorry to burst the bubble and i doubt many of you will believe it but assume this is regarding my claim that you switched gears . your original ... you seem to be making two distinct points , and one of them is way off target from your original post . a ) women can manipulate men using root motivation of sex as a tool . sure you hinted at ... theboss okay , i'll accept that what you've described could work , or maybe already has . i mean i've been guilty of holding a door or two . but , i hold that door or share my knowledge because i ... men do it to women as well . for instance i took fiancé to high end department store and offered to purchase one of anything for her birthday . she didn't bee-line for the jewelry , but eventually did ... crap true enough . more crap ... mostly hahaha . okay , well though i consider myself as friend-zoned , i've surely not been figured out . if you believe the later , i would be fascinated for you ( or anyone really ) to describe me . i'm afraid to say much more , especially without a subject to focus on . i was a total bad boy in every sense , so what seems reckless to me now seemed quite normal to me back then . to give you some ... the actual first move was hers , but that ’ s rather tricky and she might disagree . lol she knew about me before she knew me , and since i was considered a player she thought me shit . a friend ... i know that , you know that , but they can't see the gears moving . they see only your overly swift yet well analyzed response . pragmatic though it may be , it's the method and speed of delivery that ... wife is enfj , and there is no boss . see above as to how our relationship works . regarding her f v / s my t , it can create conflict but i think when working together it allows for a more complete ... dropped significantly after adolescence , more so after fatherhood . due to additional responsibilies or wisdom with age , i can't say . probably both . of late , i entered a push ( mosh ) pit without ... two related to automobiles . 19 yrs old , during a 12 hour road trip , got bored around midnight on interstate 94 in chicago and challenged myself to running entire downtown length at 90 mph or ... does she seem judgemental and commonly have an angry look ? lol naw ... the common folk just think we are .   ... lol exactly , just include the eyes looking upward and the lips pursed to one side with an audible hmmmpfff ? ... { waiting 5-10 seconds before responding } ... : wink : i disagree , the angry face is an entj thing . coworkers have noted / complained about it , friends question it , and family jokes about it . agreed but i believe we are commonly seen as judgmental , dismissive or flippant . not because we are , but because we process problems / concepts using above method much faster than others leaving ... einstein's theory of relativity , and all the current scientific aspects built upon it , could be wrong . the principal in question is the speed of light . einstein's equations were built on the ... it's not the words , it's the intent . regardless of 1000 other worse ways to say it , his intent was to belittle or devalue based on bias of sex . i wouldn't primarily consider his behavior as being ... try … . ' this behavior and types of jokes will always exist in the world , if it doesn't it's because we were all educated in our sleep … ’ you can't seriously consider in any form that jerry's ... took the words right out of my mouth , and still working through it . in short , try to let go . you can't control their action , only your reaction . ( critical / bitter / irritated ) i agree it's an ... when i see an old homeless man on the street begging , i analyze his activity to make sure he ’ s not one of the crazies . no , i ignore & walk past . yes , i still ignore but make a course correction .  ... frozenchampion thanks for the laugh and good luck with ... um ... well ... good luck . i agreed with the need for therapy . i added intelligent points that you should change your approach if you actually want whatever your pont is to be taken seriously . there is nothing i could say ... frozenchampion i'm with wiarimus about you needing therapy . i believe he originally made the statement with a light humor , but your irrational responses have brought an obvious truth to the ... matters not . might what to start new thread to respect op of this one . maybe toss out a few subjects to bounce w / your stand on them . fyi - i'm gone til next week . interesting . care to show those mad skills ? minimal emotional change and even less outward expression of it except for anger . anger or repression are my go to guys when experiencing most all negative emotions . not a healthy foundation i ... did strengths finder 2.0 some time ago . my top 5 : strategic - one who is able to see a clear direction through the complexity of a situation achiever - one with a constant drive for ... i currently don't have such discussions either , it was simply a way to explain my point without providing a platform that someone might segue for argument , like physics . regardless , the entire ... to make clear , there is no opportunity for me to participate in formal debates with a podium / audience . my experience involves one-on-one , small groups or places like this . my x91debatex92 is more a ... i have been privately involved in numerous charitable directives , all from a personal standing . that is i had no pier group to impress ( avoided them actually ) , or face to face interaction with any ... @ theopendoor though i've made no comment for months , i have been lurking and at this point i must recant my self imposed silence to share an observation . to be blunt , there is something wrong ... ix92ve been on p . c . for about a year now . i picked up some interesting bits , engaged w / some cool people , and generally enjoyed myself , but itx 92s time to go . ix92m not looking for hugs & well wishes , ... you knew that going in as i quoted myself on the talking pigeon thing . regardless , the principles remain ; i just fished emotion out of the discussion . you might find this shocking , but i agree with you almost completely . for me or anyone who accepted the statement was empty and unbelievable , the arguments presented did nothing to gain it traction ... okay , enough of that . as you may now see , there is no way to disprove my statement as it is empty . but , note that any who tried to disprove the statement began their argument on the acceptance of ... @ pwiloson well played . though i remain resistant to your methods , i'll resist you no further . q . what chimp has ever uttered a beautifully worded sentence a . what makes it beautiful ? what human has ever uttered a sentence worded beautifully to the perspective of a chimp ? can you deny that ... ditto . i'll add only the my self-esteem can be bruised if such negative comments come from someone i respect . but just as warumas stated , results would speak for itself and situation usually works ... i would sacrafice speed to retain accuracy . whats the point in quickly f'n something up . ^ bad - i will spare you the rebbuttal v good - i will spotlight this comment shortly '