' wow , can't believe this thread is still alive ! don't you guys have anything else to talk about ? :) anyway , yeah it was super great . my final choice : i had to think about it for several ... lis 2 ? well f-word yeah ! :D i hope it will be with different characters though and in a different town . not that i didn't love the characters or the setting for this one , i really did , but i feel like ... cool ! i will check them out ! glad you liked it too :) yupp , that's it . yes , people who are very concerned about portraying a certain image and who can sense that you are a kind of person who sees through that . but fortunately i don't meet too many of them . well yeah i hear what you're saying and it's fair criticism in a way . but i think you need to keep in mind that it would be impossible to make a game where the story truly tangents off in a ... yes ! you should totally play it for yourself ! it feels super infj-ish in lots of ways , just the mood , the scenery , the story , and the protagonist has a pretty infj-ish personality , which i think is ... i just finished playing a game called life is strange , and it really blew me away . i'm trying to contain my excitement and keep my cool , but honestly , it was amazing omg omg omg :) seriously ! ... i loved this ! thank you so much for it ! for me , it is absolutely dead-on in basically every regard . i especially loved the part about how infj relationships are pretty much doomed from the start ... i've been sitting here for about 15 minutes now thinking about how to say this and i can't think of a really good way , so here it is rather bluntly : desperation comes from want , so what i'd do is to ... so i didn't completely read all of this through , but i saw some things about infjs not being able to be alpha males and i just have to say that i completely disagree with that . yes , infj males will ... i think you already know the answer to this one , maybe it's just not what you want it to be ? i think you need to open up a bit , dare to show a little love and vulnerability to people around you . if ... guys , this is the most depressing thread i've read in a long while ... :) the only advice i can give is to ask yourselves if you feel free . i've mentioned this before on this forum , but the only ... hell yes and hell no ! i had a very hard time believing someone could love me all through my childhood / adolescence , because i didn't love myself.today , i can't really see how any woman who's even ... just ask him straight out what's going on and how he feels . in my experience it's the only way to really know . trying to read ' signs ' can be totally misleading , because you never know what's true and ... i was going to write something about how we're not really that hard to identify , but then i thought about it and kind of changed my mind :) ni is probably easy enough . i think the best giveaway ... i've never really felt any ' calling ' to a particlar job either . maybe some people do , but i think that for a lot of people it's not that simple . personally i like to do a little bit of this and a ... well , this is going to seem really bleak compared to all the awesome advice and stories in this thread , but i just wanted to say that i've found out that the times that i feel depressed is basically ... i'd say definitely no , and i'm amazed by the amount of people who do think it is something changeable . the type you test as can of course vary wildly.everything i've read so far about jungs work and ... the writing thing . everyone keeps saying that all infjs love to write , well i don't , i kind of hate it . i'm not too bad at it , but it's not something i enjoy . i'm not sure where to begin here ... ah fuck it i'll just make a bullet list , i like lists :) * someone once said ( can't remember who ) with much contentment : i've made some fine mistakes in my ... yeah what i meant is that sex can be symbolic , but casual sex isn't ( for me ) . although i think for lots of people casual sex is symbolic in the way that it provides them with external ... sex is just sex . i don't have a problem at all with casual sex , but i'm not interested in it myself . rubbing genitals is simply not very interesting . the only thing which makes sex exciting is ... wow , did i touch upon some sort of taboo here ? just out of curiosity , which function would say is your least developed one ? for me , it's probably si . i'm not really getting anything out of enneagram either . my tests always comes up with an equal number of points in like 5 different types . anyhow , i don't think that enneagram would really give ... i agree with a lot of the lists here , i'd just like to add this : another earth i can relate . i think i used to be praise-junkie as you call it in a way as well , and i used to care a lot about what other people thought . but you can grow out of it , and you're on the right path ... yes you are good enough , but us telling you so doesn't really help you . you need to work on this until you yourself know you are good enough , even if other people for some reason should tell you the ... wow , great stuff , thanks everyone ! ge , unfortunately i don't remember where i read it , i just seem to recall reading it in at least one description ( and wondering what was ... thanks for replying adverseaffects , i see what you're saying , but i've just never heard anyone refer to a quiet ( but opinionated ) person as being intense ... so i have a pretty simple question , i hope . i've seen in some descriptions of infjs that we may come off as intense , i'm having some trouble actually understanding what is meant by that though ... are we talking about bullies as in school here ? been a while since i was in school ... and i have grown enormously since then , but trying to think back , i think the feeling i had mostly was just being ... no you're not god damnit . a pushover by nature that is . stop telling yourself that , it's not true , nobody is weak by nature . if you feel that way then all that means is that you have some growing to ... i was just making a stupid pun out of lemondropg's post , no harm intended ! :) everyone is always so damn dead-serious on these forums , but it's okay , i like you guys anyway :) first let me apologize for posting here since i'm not female , but i think this applies to males as well . what i'm thinking of this at the moment is that i'd actually love to be everyone's good ... i don't know , the start of the thread was promising , but then it all became a lot of bla bla without any action . the plot was easy enough to follow , but the characters was kind of dull and ... well , this will be a shamelessly self-promoting post , but fuck it , if it helps any of you then it doesn't really matter what you think of me . i'm not in leadership position at my work , yet ... * follow the uneasy feeling , it's a sign that something's not ' right ' . you're not happy about something in yourself , you'll feel like drowning it out by watching tv or playing video games or doing ... i have nothing to say really , i just want to give you a figurative pat on the back , say ' well done ' and wish you luck on your journey . to be honest i don't know what the hell i'm talking about . i don't know enough about the jungian functions to really have an opinion . it's just that when i'm in that extroverted mood the resemblance ... i wonder if it's really fe though , or more se / ti , because i always feel like i become very much like my estp brother when i'm in that mode , and in a way perhaps even more extreme in that way than he ... yes . i know exactly what you're talking about and it's exhausting . at the same time i love doing it and wouldn't want to stop , but i may have to learn to step it down a bit somehow . this may not be useful to anyone else , but a few things i would have told my child-self : * learn to accept and love everything you are , without reservations . * everything is about balance ; an ... hello infjs , i just wanted to say that i had a profound realization today - of something which i used to know but forgot about - it is that infjs are awesome . no really , i mean awesome . you are all ... hi daithi , i just have to say that your topic title cracked me up - did my environment while growing up discourage my strengths ? haha - that's the understatement of the day ! :) back on topic ... definitely fe-infj , while still being a heavily introverted person ... oh the internal conflicts ... oh woe is me , blah blah blah , yadda yadda yadda ( getting sick of the self-pity lately ) i just want to say that i think i know what you mean by this . i have also heard of the ' shield'-based approaches and like you i don't think it feels right for me . it's like you say - it seems that it ... when the forum you frequent has threads about happy things with puppies and rainbows right next to the equally popular thread about suicide . i'm not sure if this is relevant , but i find that the times that i go ' dark ' is when i've been pushed too far . not so often because someone has insulted me ( i think i have learned to handle various ... '