' alas . these cryptic words escape my comprehension . * stares sadly * ↔ how exciting ! the magnificence of all these symbols will outshine the entire perc some day . i thought you could only ask three questions . here you go . did a quick google search and these two came up . may be the same . too bad they only work for macs though . security camera - zipzapmac ... the soviet union launched a plinky plonky pink sparkling pony in a spaceship into space to meet other ponies in spaceships from the soviet union . thank you . is there an operating manual for this ? * pokes head in * might i have some power as well ? * holds out petri dish * oh god , anyone passes can't be human . definitions ( first result from google ) trust - firm belief in the reliability , truth , ability or strength of someone or something respect - a feeling of deep admiration for someone or something ... without too much thought ... i'd say intelligence is the ability to rationalize . success is the achievement of measurable aims ( which may lead to happiness ) . windows 7 i5 4gb laptop . i want to try linux in the summer - what does everyone else think about linux ? hm , i can't quite decide . but i do know that my peers consider any comment stuffed full of ni as bullshit . it's quite funny really . anyone know how to bring an nf out of an existential crisis ? i know a friend who sounds like she's going to kill herself soon . or that may just be my ni going haywire . either way , i've never felt ... uhh , sorry to disrupt your intimate discussions but ... fancy getting a room ( or chat room ) anytime soon ? just thought i'd remind you that you were still chatting in the intj porn thread . isfj : oh my god . wouldn't it be cool to have a super eraser ? like one which could erase everything ? literally . like if i rubbed your arm here , a chunk would disappear . and if i rubbed the desk , that ... i shall try my luck . have you taken over the world yet ? sorry , are you mistaking me for someone else ? i haven't posted here since i suggested the jellybaga back on page 1 . but please , do explain . i'm curious to know . edit : apologies - i didn't see your ... in the meantime , it wouldn't hurt to explain why you think the octopus is a suitable mascot , right ? i'm not sure i fully understand how an eight-tentacled creature relates to intjs . dominate it - there's nothing left after it's blown up . it would be far more interesting to try to organize the world into a better place - that is , a place i find ideal . i don't feel the need to write anything creative because i find it quite difficult to translate emotions into words . half the time , my distress comes from not fully understanding what i'm even ... try unleashing it by talking / writing with pure ni . the amount of stuff you can think of without te and fi holding back ni is just amazing . squashing an idea may lead to it's development and improvement . if it can be squashed , does it not mean that it is a flawed idea in need of improvement ? surely the logical squashing of an idea should ... the jellybaga is a divine entity , a cross between a rutabaga and a jellyfish . they are said to be the very reflection of the intj identity . if it weren't for the jellybaga blessing , humanity ... the jellybaga please . i still think engineer would be better if we had to use a career . nope - i wouldn't consider myself good looking at all . there might be a few random people who might think so though i am a female intj and i was wondering whether any other intjs interact with nfs more than they do nts . over half my friends are nfs ( in fact i only know one other nt ) , and three of them are infps ... ferrets ! they seem so fierce yet cute . to be honest with you , i was in the same situation this time last year . i took a lot more tests and eventually concluded that i was an intj . i think the main difference between the two is that the ... if you are truly interested in seeing him , the following information may be useful to you . a long and ancient legend states that he may be summoned every seventeen years by piling offerings of ... i was browsing a store with some friends and we had split up to look at things separately . other intj indicating a mug on display on a table : that is one ugly mug . me : you know what else is an ... entered an nf / nt death spiral recently with an infj . does anyone know how to defeat it ? - productivity - learning new things - proving people wrong and myself right - physical and mental exertion - puzzles and cracking them ( e . g . a tough math question i'd never seen the likes of before ) becoming a hobo after all this hard work :/ oh my god , me too . when i was in kindergarten , i kept thinking any day now , i'm going to turn into a boy . i gave up waiting after about two years . i've gotten used to dumbing things down by breaking them up into tiny steps . that way they don't get confused . i would make it work in shifts with me . and thus halve the workload xd oh , well sometimes . it's not that i give up . i just need a break to dwell on it a little more . well said ! welcome to the intj forum . it's an issue ? are you over-generalizing here ? like i said before , there are women out there ( of other types ) who talk about other things . there are also women who learn to expect different reactions ... heck - who doesn't love legos . i'm sure it's not just an intj thing . i loved building multiple layered buses as a kid and making parking lots . i also liked building towers and houses . oh marvelous - i'm not the only one . but i wouldn't call it an issue . just find other people who aren't extreme girly-girls and bam . you have friends . i've got an amazing infj friend who often only ... hmmm . sometimes i just can't tell if people are complimenting me just to boost my ego and get my help on something or if it's genuine . i personally hardly ever compliment someone as i see little ... i'm not too sure if i'm a 4w5 or 5w4 . i need to do more research . check it refers to the microwave checking the temperature itself with some kind of heat sensor , i hope . hmmm , well i'd say it's mainly things to do with socializing . say , i can't seem to quite arrange my facial muscles into a smile which doesn't appear to be creepy . or maybe that's just to do with my ... woah . what's happening at this party . and yes . i am an intj female as well . let's all play risk while we wait for everyone to arrive . or cluedo . i'm happy with both . a clear lack of common sense is slightly irritating . however , a lack of passion for learning is even more irritating . i don't mind teaching people who aren't exactly bright , so long as they listen ... hmm either atheist or agnostic . i mean its nice to believe in a higher existence and i'd love to do that but i can't quite bring myself to believe it . on a slightly unrelated note , i love debating ... '