' classy daleks : hanging out with pifanjr is pretty classy http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=717153&stc=1 hanging out with an opossum is pretty classy ... http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=717137&stc=1 http://personalitycafe.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=717145&stc=1 wait ... countries in this case is the place of your ethnicity not where you live or are from ? ! : shocked : i'm french , moroccan and native american : confused : ... i better propose an alliance to ... kiss marry bed : intp pass on others . :p entp , intp , esfj what ? i can't ship myself with the person i'm married to ? :( pifanjr and daleks <3 awww . you're probably going to have to climb up and get him . i'd suggest thick gloves and an animal carrier . even if he's domesticated he will probably be scared and so large thick gloves are ... me for hollowen lets go as each other's biggest fears . i'll go as a spider . my husband and i'll go as something you've made that isn't quite perfect , but almost . ' nooo anyone else a ... do you relate to anne of green gables ? ( i've always kind of seen her as an enfp ) well i married the dork that showed me he loved me with articles about being in love with someone vs caring about them platonically . :P i've never been into what redpill says i should be ... i find ... yes . i started recently :p not necessarily , it's in the lloyd dobler / jeffrey dahmer window . meaning that two people can do the same thing the exact same way and based on your opinion of them it's either llyod dobler from ... how have i not played wow before this week ? ! i decided to do a free trial on a whim ... and that allows you to become level 20 . after that i bought it and a subscription and in a week i have a level ... i haven't been playing very long , but i'm hooked . does anyone else play ? buddies ? world of warcraft <3 never claimed to be . no reason for that . :p ;) you're doing it wrong . hmm i'm on adhd and autism and i'm legitimately diagnosed with both . :/ : laughing : 706658 angry mom accidentally texts 35 - year-old guy instead of her daughter , and things escalate quickly | bored panda 703410 : laughing : i just took a which game of thrones house are you quiz and got house baelish . ( that's what i had last time too ) . i also tested as a slytherin ( ages ago ) on pottermore . i think i'll just hold out ... 701842 7017 62 701770 7017 78 701786 7017 94 a how to sext video : https://youtu.be/VsTILzzCjtc sometimes this is dangerous :p i was not included in poll . you've met me . i glow in the dark ... now that i know i'm going to be a mom , i'm debating whether or not we should vacinate our child . you see , i know they can prevent losing lives . i don't think they cause autism . i'm aware that ... i never listened to those rules . things worked out ok for me . do what you want . xd that's clearly what was implied . wanna come to my bill clinton impeachment party ? it'll be super fun . oh hey there infp 3w2 taking a quick look at your profile , i have discovered that you : enjoy reading , swimming , walking , psychology , mysticism , creating fractals , star trek , online lectures and work in : i am at ... i didn't realize you were such an infp 4 . isfp 4w3 entj 8w9 esfp 7w6 estp 8w7 isfp 2w3 my intention was hmm this seems fun . i don't really care if i actually offended anyone , it would be a ridiculous reason to be offended especially after i said i was messing with 4s . if people are ... technically true , but you'd not actually let me go through with it . : tongue : i need help ... how do i convince pifanjr to let me name our spawn nyarlathotep ? : laughing : enfps are good at music . https://youtu.be/p6C2ZGiZ5aw we're having a kid . it's a seriously weird idea . i didn't want one and now all the hormones in my body are like it's ok to have just one but i'm cognitively like this is stupid . we're being ... estp 7w8 4w3 3w4 isfj 4w5 7w8 8w7 , and obviously you're an alien only known as the celestial toymaker esfj 2w3 5w4 1w2 estj 2w3 5w4 8w9 isfp 2w1 8w9 7w8 since i'm here anyway . : tongue : i've always loved this quote . “ have you ever been in love ? horrible isn't it ? it makes you so vulnerable . it opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it ... sorry for messing with all of you ... i'm not actually an estj but an entp type 7 . was fun for a min . bored now . i hope i didn't actually upset you tho . :) '