' yeah fuck those baby pictures ! i don't care if it's a natural tendency to find those things cute ! nothing can control me ! also fuck food ! who cares if i'm hungry ! like seriously you don't control ... all i read was uhmm sorry i don't get what you said so ur wrong this for sure . although i would extend that to any and all xxfjs since they all tend to overlook their own understandings of things all too often ( with ti being the 3rd or 4th on the order ) . if not ... i try to look as fashionable and cool as possible with the least amount of effort imaginable .. i'm gonna go ahead and back this guy up . while i've never been a boss , i understand that in a work situation , efficiency is everything . i don't know why all of you aloof entps are over-analyzing ... miss entp , you don't seem like an entp to me . but that's what i always says when reading something like this online . in my experience , i can't even imagine a liar better than i am . to feel hurt by ... happiness is just a chemical reaction in your brain saying , good job dude , you did something beneficial to your species . like reproduction , or building something , or even just surviving another ... there certainly is meaning to life , but humans are incapable of ever understanding it . imagine a tiny little white blood cell pondering it's existence . do you think it will ever realize that ... based on a few things i've read , i'm starting to believe that there is a specific opposite to every personality type which may either cause you to get extremely stressed out in certain scenarios or ... first off , welcome to the forums ! it's good to see newcomers ! tsk tsk . ne-dominant people are supposed to get things like te or ti instantly . at least i did . however , entps i know are never ... i share the same hatred for bags , so it's a relief that i'm not the only fool in the world . they just won't comply with my superior ne skills . from the sound of it , this person seems either entp or estp . both are very active people but one uses ne / si and the other is se / ni . if they are a doer person and just wants to be active with ... i don't often feel offended , but when people can't fathom my high levels of self-esteem and confidence .. they tend to call it out as false confidence or having a big ego . it's crazy what insecurities ... hello , after a good 5 months of being the wordsmith , i'd like to make my return as lifehacker . much appreciated ! si feels like reality to me . it's pretty much anything that's right under my nose ( which is often the hardest place for me to search for answers ) . understanding the world better as a whole and how ... very interesting words ! what are we gonna do about it ? as an infp , you have been gifted with the incredible ability to love the world and nurture it until it can change for better or worse . i'm ... i read that entps , when they really like someone , tame down their flirting and become cautious , and i feel like an entp pursuing and infj would be so amusing to watch like : entp : * laughing with ... zanah 0dia very insightful response ! i appreciate that ! entp most likely to get away with murder . the visionaries asked me to bring this here for infp pleasure . 326810 as a logical thinker i would say 10/10 . means define the end regardless of whether they were intentional or not . 326682 very very carefully . seriously though , talk for extended periods of time until they look like they want to leave . then convince them that you'll leave if they do your bidding . this right here sounds very true . it's all about energy and where it is received through social interaction . introvert - i harness the energy from this thought in my own thinking and then through ... the wordsmith would be indubitably necessary . many thanks ! welcome to the beauty of being a wordsmith among the peasants of society . yes i can say i've had this experience . every female i've been friends with in the past few years has tried to pursue me ... i fear never realizing my true potential as a human being . our brains and instincts drive us to live . sex and love are designed to make a species reproduce with attractive traits . our selfless ... i have no clue what you are talking about ! i'm off to the next thread . i could be a little too altruistic , but i don't weigh my own success by how much money i make . i think what i value most is a true friendship - someone that's comfortable sharing their inner world ... i have been friends with an infj for a few months . she would just listen to me all day with glittering eyes as i whisked her off her feet into storytelling land . both of us are aspiring filmmakers , ... this is definitely the answer i am looking for . it is very hard to mention this at all to an infp because entps are all about confronting issues head-on and going straight to the point . but ... telepathy ! that way we could argue with people without even speaking ! by high maintenance i mean infps are overly idealistic at times and expect to much from situations . like one time i was slow dancing with one , and she had eyes everywhere except on me . constantly ... definitely the strategist intj . i also know one excellent intj anime character that pretty much confirms this . ... perhaps some nts don't see a difference between these four things ( or don't wish to believe they do ) . i remember a time when i thought that there were right and wrong ways to go about life , but that ... like i said , each of these is a crucial aspect of life . i may be a cynic for romance but i still get teary at the avengers just because of how beautiful some of the context is . what i want to know is ... enlightenment - pursuing knowledge and change for a better reality . selflessness - discovering beauty and love , finding meaning within the soul . independence - being truly content and giving up all ... so what you're saying is - we just have to take our shirt off in public . now i understand ! the entps love that an infj can be so understanding and conclusive about thoughts that we just want to ... i know one infp and she definitely fits the bill , excessively immature and emotional with the most redundant of things . what i'm wondering is if anyone else has been in a situation where someone has ... infps are idealists , often attractive to nts for their inspirational energy and passion . a muse per se . infps often take their idealism too far , setting themselves up for disappointment as , ... nf types : * says anything * me : get your grubby little feelings out of here . take a moment and generalize the scenario with me : - men are dominantly thinkers , women are dominantly feelers . tested ... i adore infps . they bottle up all their emotions and make it extremely interesting to unveil . planning a conversation with an infp is like planning a bank heist . definitely not an intp , but i've been in a similar situation with an infp lately .. it sounds like he is straight to the point about things and tends not to waste time with someone if he feels that ... you need to quote people in order for them to be notified of your reply . or at least an lovedragondon would work i think ! i'm pretty new here myself and i have seen people post things like indirect ... when you are making an argument but realize a valid argument against yourself before you finish the first . forgiving people is ridiculously easy . i actually probably give people way too many chances just because i think they're stupid for making mistakes in the first place . it still hurts though , because ... i wish more people thought of me like robert downey jr . conscience is pattern recognition . it's an ability to understand or question the way you think . i'm not like most girls . - most girls what depresses me the most is a lack of ideas . i think like there is a minimum amount of new things that i must learn each and every day or it would be considered a wasted day of negativity . i ... how about characters that try to live entirely in the moment and forget about both the future and the past ? such as a drunkard drowning his sorrows with alcohol . '