' yoda we haven't been cooked long enough ... put us back in the oven : laughing : where is my hair brush ? i have 2 absolute besties that are enfps . you are truly a great type . thanks for the invite , though , haven't had a lot of action on perc . all these notifications are stressing me out ... lol ok , i'll give , this is a long thread . who's attention am i fighting for ? all the enfps on perc ? just you lizzy ? , if i can call you that ... why am i doing this , again ? i luv ya all ... for me it's jeff , who lives at home . jeff displaying in ... 1.goo goo dolls-come to me 2.cloud atlas-end tittles 3.amanda marshall-dark horses 4.the legend of bagger vance-the day of the match dawns 5.switchfoot - dare you to move 6.goo goo dolls-unbroken ... our j in sort of a servant to our in , so we look less j like ... long before i knew i was infj , i was introduced to amilie ... it was a friend who knew this great movie i should watch . we sat one afternoon , watched it together . i thought the movie odd , but ... here we go , in no particular order ... shawshank redemption hope ! i suppose it's something i always advocate , seems to be a theme , running its course through my life . lady in the water yes ... over here , over here ! ! ! i had lady ( a friend i knew ) walk up to me in a pub say so , what's your pick up line tonight ? . i was shocked and didn't have one , i said we'll i don't know , hey baby want to see the stars tonight ? ... are you the particle , or are you the wave ? quantum physicists would say , depending on the experiment and the viewer , you could prove both ... the ying and the yang huh ... i had friends who were super messy ( you would think they were broken into or something ! lol ) . i would get a feeling of freedom when i visited them , like whew , i can lay ... being a minimalist helps me with organization , and frees up a lot of time / energy / money for me . there's a lot of info out there on how to become one . when my intuition says its time , i scrub my space ... there's a espf at work that likes me i think ? anybody help me ? i find her scattered ... the only close experience i have had with a ' performer ' was with a friend , and i found her integrity ... it would be interesting to see an age breakdown on the poll . my life still contains hardships , and things , events still show up that sometimes i don't like , i seem to see the process of life , and ... the dancing wu li masters gary zukav an overview of the new physics edmonton , alberta jeff , who lives at home jeff , being both counsellor and protector following his ni . this film is so under rated , a real gem , i can't say enough good things about this film ... holden caulfield , the catcher in the rye contemplation , i have discovered , is a major fulfilling experience for me . so ... ( paradox alert ! ) to contemplate is living in the moment . however could i resist , myself , and not be future looking ... in darth vader voice ... ' i find the lack of esfjs ti disturbing ... ( inferior function ) my stoop or dark side ( i call it this , because when i'm pissy , or in my dark side , people don't feel close to me ) is akin to anikan skywalker . i think it's important to label our dark side so we ... defendor , lady in the water , the champ , cast away , man of steel ( when he is young and his x-ray vision kicks in and he can see through everybody , a metaphor for when i was young and learning to use ... i laughed so many times reading this thread ... omg i have two people in my life who are esfjs . throughout this thread , for me , there were truths about them . from my point of view , though they ... i have sent two texts in my whole life time ... lol . i love talking with people mano a mano ... it's visceral for me ... according to differing gifts , written by myers briggs , most people tend to be in relationships with a type that has 3 letters the same . jung felt that only the e and i were one that were very ... ... been more influential in high school , and shown up more as who i am . ( i was a bit of a wall flower ! ) well ... i guess not . i'm reading the divergent trilogy by veronica roth . what an amazing series . i'm fascinated by the five factions . they appeals to the value based part of my infjness . i love how she writes the ... as i have gotten older i have become far more relaxed and mellow . i have my moments of passion , they serve me though . i have found that as my se has gathered information , and added it to my ti and ni ... its interesting to read about justice . the roots of justice come from harmony ... i think justice may get confused to much with revenge ... this ones easy ... rafiki ! i love rafiki hits simba on the head . i love it when rafiki says what was that ? . i say it all the time ... peace and conflict studies ... my girl is an istj and i love her , well to death . she is amazing , we do very well together ... didn't austin powers grow to learn ... vanesa , freedom with responsibility yah baby thats groovy ! he also said ... who throws a shoe ? honestly that hurts ! i have read in myers briggs literature that infjs are the idealists that are best at getting results because of their j . they ( we ) are a good balance of thought and action , which makes us natural ... i kinda didn't mean intention to gossip , more what type of result am i looking for in a communication . is my intent to sully there reputation or am i coming from a caring place ... i believe gossip is tied to intention . if it malicious or derogatory it is gossip , however quite often being a infj i care about people and want to know about there results , how they are , so gossip ... i know 1 male infj i think ... i don ' know why there are so few of us , i have a feeling though , that its designed this way , and its supposed to be this way ... just sayin i work with 2 intjs . i do well with all types . but i find intjs well , different to get along with . i can so relate to the in and the j , its well , the t that i struggle with . the mastermind , that ... northern exposure ! all five seasons . i have thought about starting the infj northern exposure thread . i highly encourage younger infjs to watch this show . brilliant ! some of the best episodes are ... i was surprised when i went to university ( peace and conflict studies ) that i excelled at economics . it is a behavioral science , and linked to humanities . when presented this way , math became easy . the posts i read said it could be autism , ocd , a form of coping or soothing . i think i do it for the later . i was surprised at how many people that do this . i wonder if this is an infj thing ? hi , any other infjs that have this behavior ? today , i was at a restaurant eating and i noticed a autistic person rocking back and forth . i felt a connection , cause i have been doing this since i ... extraverted feeling is their ( enfjs ) dominant function , its our ( infjs ) secondary . we may hold our opinions to ourselves because our need for harmony ( our f ) or its being held in check to whats going ... i have wondered on occasion if ptsd is a spiritual disease , affecting those who have values around love and life ... i have always had an interest in military affairs . my family thought as a teen ... me ! hi , just did a touch and go with 46 , feel young though ... my experience has been the older i get , its been way better being an infj . all the learning the se gathers into the in makes life ... '