' i personally try and prevent myself from categorising people in that way because i find that it doesnt help form good impressions if i focus on the negative . i prefer instead to view people as the ... i saw the red hot chili peppers when they toured to the uk . they were phenomenal and i couldnt even hear my own voice in that place , everyone was singing along and jumping around like crazy . and then ... i've never been diagnosed but i've often wondered . i have the attention span of a gnat and it often takes several hours to write even 1000 words . also i never got the whole exercise thing , i've ... honestly i think i can pull this year together . it's only first , and i already got a 1st ( im in the uk so the system is different ) so i should be able to weather the recent fuck ups with that . i ... thanks very much for the response . no , i haven't been explicitly diagnosed with anything ( i previously heard a fair amount of anecdotal evidence that mental health services in my home area arent the ... i'm not sure how getting into a fight would help ? even if there was a good enough reason , i don't exactly have any enemies , or reasons to fight anyone . thankyou for your kind response . i may try switching counsellor . i honestly dont really think i can relate information very well to the person im going to now . i think that outburst may have helped ... ty for the input , i'll check it out . though i dont want to get too reliant on it so i'll work with formatting it myself for the rest of first year i think . if you are averse to explicit language or dont want to read somethign slightly depressing , dont read this post . thankyou . i feel like i'm just perpetuating a stereotype here , but i'm a first ... everyone changes , but whether its for better or worse depends on the individual . not just women . but no , i dont see any reason why you should think that all u200bwomen are loyal . who told you that ? the mbti isnt really set in stone . it only tests you on eight functions , and often the standard test itself doesnt even get the right type ; sometimes further research is needed . if you dont agree ... i pressure people a little bit if i think it's something they'll really enjoy , but if someone tells me explicitly to stop bothering them , i'll stop talking about it . i have definitely been this way before , but i stopped a while back . is there any further explanation for while you feel this way toward the mainstream , or is it just something you've always seemed to ... i was actually kind of one way and the other , but mostly closed off . on one hand , to most i was very reserved to the point at which teachers and parent were often very concerned with my lack of ... thankyou very much for your input . i've learnt many things about the virtues of time management , data collection technique and taking a bit more of a lead in group work as a a result of this study ... yeah haha i'm currently going round all the type forums editing the post because i forgot that not everyone uses the british university grading system . hello , this thread is just about a small study i'm taking part in involving peoplex 92s perceptions of their studies and university courses . note that you must currently be studying some form of ... this simply isn't enough information to go on really . ( you could have explained how she shows she likes you , or exactly what you mean by gave her some ) not only that but people are very different ... i have experienced what i think is something similar . my advice to you ? do let people in sometimes . you can let go of bad relationships and poisonous personal influences anytime you want , really . but ... this thread brings back alot of personal thoughts . in order to answer the question , my grandfather was on post in cyprus as part of the british regiment somewhere around or during ww2 . he didnt speak ... i if i could re-arrange the alphabet , and add in a bunch of duplicate letters , i'd put u , i and c-o-i-t-u-s together i dont have it saved but i was held a convo on omegle for a duration of about 3 hours , just messages every couple minutes with this guy from denmark . we were discussing philosophy , life in general ... i have various interesting behaviours with my sleep cycle for my entire life . i used to have the weirdest sleepwalking straight out of a horror movie . i used to sit upright in my bed at night and ... thankyou very much for your reply . i think i just wanted to let off some steam there . a lack of offline and immediate friendship is probably what spurred that . and , having looked around there are ... hello . i guess i'm writing this because i want to reach out to strangers . i feel like i dont want to reach out to anyone else . this is pretty much a thread about be being critical of myself , so if ... target all the supermarkets and fast food restaurants and keep up to date with their job postings . if they see you there a few times , and you show interest , youll be more likely to get a job . those ... as an update to this thread , management actually gave a apology to said tl and instead came down on me like a ton of bricks . the person who spoke to him was having a pretty bad day and forgot to hold ... no . i've passed training , and there was no manager or team leader in at the time . so it just seems remarkably stupid that a punishment is given to someone who wasnt actually there nd who couldnt have ... one day i decided that the focus of my ideologies should be keeping my personal world in a balance of good holding its own against ' evil ' as it were , instead of being perfect with sunshine and ... ok so i work in a large supermarket . one day , for reasons i will not disclose , i walked out of my shift . i accept responsibility for that , and this thread isn't about any unjust treatment of me , in ... thanks for the tips ! ill be using that technique actually , the only time that will get in the way of breathing is if my throat feels somewhat blocked , in which case i will find it difficult to ... thankyou ! ill be sure to use some simple exercises before i do things , people seem to recommend this often . also , thankyou very much for the example sound clips ! if youre just looking for temporary work , take any reasonable job which pays the salary you and your wife need . jobs are increasingly hard to win and find these days , so keep posting those cvs and ... hey . just wondering if anyone on here is a singer who would care to lend some info . i enjoy singing alot , but i definitely am not naturally equipped for the task . i want to get better , but i'm unsure ... theres the story of dashrath manjhi . he's a man in india who's wife lost her life on the way to the hospital , as the route around the local mountain was too long . so he cleared a path through the ... when i'm trying to concentrate , or recall information i get an internal monologue . otherwise it's just near-constant background music in my head . ive played games from pretty much every genre i can think of , and enjoyed most :) . as for anime , if any of you havent , check out full metal alchemist brotherhood . it's a gripping story with a lot ... i'm actually almost entirely non-aggressive . i would only get aggressive as some kind of bluff to ward off attackers , or if someone close to me was threatened . any other reason to me is a useless and ... i don't have any artistic pursuits , but whenever i need a bit of inspiration or motivation , i usually find it in listening to music , and on occasion , reading . sometimes just observing the people ... it's not exactly funny , but les miserables i found very very interesting . victor hugo , the author throws in alot of philosophical elements and theres alot of discussion of morality , with some ... i would imagine this ( if it is actually fairly credible at least , as i don't know where your information has come from ) would be because of the problem of deciding what to do with your life , ... well , males and females will differ slighty due to the social constructs presented to them . say how men are expected to be strong , fighters , protectors . women supposedly caring , nurturing . all the ... thankyou . i will certainly look into it . all things considered , im ( on relatively short notice ) going to visit a friend in wales . so i guess i'm doing things in a less-dead-and-boring way now . which ... i guess people need a little bit of stability and a little bit of chaos . too much of either is kinda bad . sometimes life is beautiful even in it's darkest moments . sometimes when you are on a verge of sorts , you come back ten times stronger . it's strange , i'm on my own alot . mentally , anyway . so i guess ... i only know one other person who took a reasonable look into mbti . they're an infp , interestingly enough . though i have to say we are very different examples of infps . if i'm honest , i was terrible with this . im not gonna tell you what to do . im gonna tell you what not to do . 1 . miss deadlines . if you do this , it gets worse . tell your procrastinating impulses ... im completely agnostic , although i do have a personal agenda which could be seen as religious . i behave religiously in the sense that i have a set of morals i would like to uphold well and maybe ... good . kinda . ive always listened to and respected them in many ways , and fallen out , but ive learnt a lot from them . even though my dad has issues , hes good natured and tries to control his issues as ... i personally get extreme tunnel vision when i get really angry and get verbally explosive , which is why i've conditioned myself to just get angry as little as possible . it just turns me into an idiot ... '