' today : - oatmeal with agave syrup - quinoa bowl - water got some excedrin for my head and then i was okay . i ate the oatmeal around eleven , and i don't know if it was adrenaline or what , but ... maybe something like that , but i don't want to make women who devote their lives-careers to looking like that a goal per se . lol . i'm not really sure since no two bodies are the same . i have long legs and wide hip bones too , and i feel like a lot of bodies i admire are more one or the other . ( narrow , thin , tall or shorter , ... yesterday i was admittedly feeling a little moody-emotional . not sure if it was the fasting thing , my time of the month , both , neither , wine , what . didn't feel like eating much or working out . ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m3tkFOtM6go netflix original - american vandal : truth . justice . dicks . a student filmmaker seeks the naked truth in a school parking lot defiled by painted penises yesterday i came in a little over my calories probably , but not by too much . i succeeded at waking up with my period though , which was my main aim . - starbucks turkey bacon sandwich sans turkey ... i actually don't even like the feeling of being full . i usually try to eat just shy of it . what website out of curiosity ? yea , i've been avoiding it , and it's yet another reason why i've shied away from this all for a while . several years ago i ended up fasting-not sleeping ( couldn't , and couldn't eat ) for about three ... that's amazing . that's what i'm after . i was sorta fasting for a little under a week or so earlier this summer ( think i only broke it with carrots , hummus , berries , yogurt - maybe some wine ) , and i ... women supposedly experience the same effects of hgh , but not at the same levels that men do . ( still significant though ) . that kinda got me excited about all this again earlier . anything that ... i've been watching a bunch of videos on youtube today to try to get my mind back on track and out of the types of places where i refer to groups of dudes as litters and think that joining a pagan ... the only sim i have atm is this black dude i'm training to become a chef and trying to get really fat so probably not . i just bought sims 4 expansions and i was too impatient to create a family ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkGfjtu4HBA i'm gonna explore the recesses of my mind a little more if i do think some of my obstacles are psychological . welcome to the labyrinth xd i'm really interested in how enneagram plays into this ... yea - armor's a good word for it . i'm sexual instinct first , and that drive tends to manifest as ... nakedness maybe ? but apparently our instinct that we're more blind to according to the theory ... i drank a lot of water today but then i had half a beer . i blame jennifer lawrence for my drinking decisions this weekend : laughing : i was watching this interview on youtube friday and i was like ... yea , if i don't pass out while drinking at night i usually try to re-hydrate some before i fall asleep . i'm sure that was part of it . i've also been sweating a lot more than i usually do too . hal 0hal0 - yea , i didn't either . it really is like he's entering another dimension like i think he says at one point . the craziest part is how he can just drive to an abandoned baseball park or ... yesterday i went on an evening-nighttime hike at confederate mountain park . ( well , it's not actually called that , but that's what i call it . lol . it's like the south's mt rushmore . kinda funny ... so the class was kinda early this morning and i didn't get there in time to do the elliptical beforehand , but i did stick to the no vaping . different teachers do different dance routines , and this ... i traded in salsa dancing and walking outside for a kickboxing class . original plan was actually to do the barre class i didn't stay for last night , but then i hit really bad traffic and i was ... oh god no , i never hope . hope is pouting in advance . hope is faith's richer bitchier sister . hope is the deformed addict bound incest monster offspring of entitlement and fear . my life results ... 7151707151 7871518 6 haha , yea that quinoa bowl is awesome . especially with the peanut dressing . once i made that change from whatever they'd been putting on it before i was like omg , i could eat this everyday . i ... so i don't know if doubling up on classes was the best idea . i was cramping up hard like ten minutes into my zumba class . it was annoying , because i'm thinking - this would be so much fun and i bet ... it's from the community gi joe episode . was my favorite show for a while , and i just got the last couple seasons on amazon . plus i kinda relate to britta's character in a couple ways . my cousin who's in jail for murder . wasn't a nightmare or a warped afterlife family reunion like usual though . i don't remember details , but my brain was constructing separate timelines with him in ... yesterday i was in an absolute crap mood and it was sort of a comfort food day . probably came in around-ish my calories , likely ( well , definitely ) a bit higher , but it was hard to measure . it was ... i didn't lose power , but a large tree did go down in front of my house so i stayed in . and i got an email from my gym this afternoon that they were closing for the day . forecast looks like things ... i was in an art class in my high school's basement , and an office aide came in with a notice that our teacher read to us out loud . i already felt a lot of foreboding at that , before she spoke , ... i feel like i'm being pushed to finish the parts of my to do list that are less pressing - but stress me out with their existence . irma is supposed to hit southwest of me so i should be safe , but ... i've hit my calories for today and i'm actually feeling sorta hungry . but i got the distribution and number nearly perfect , so water and coffee for the rest of the night . i also keep craving ... felt pretty hungover today and spent a good bit of the afternoon napping . then got a bunch of food . went over my calories but i should still be under 2,000 so it wasn't super excessive . and i ... got an invite to go downtown with this dude i've been talking to and his friends early yesterday and decided to save my calories for that . and i wanted a flat tummy . not my healthiest day but life ... today my body hurt all over ( did i do a barre class or was i hit by a truck ? ) without my even moving it , so i decided to rest . lol . definitely worked my core it would seem too . will probably do ... why would you be betting on me . what are you talking about lol . thanks ! keep me updated if you make changes :) i've always thought this matters most ( i don't usually eat much that requires pantry storage rather than refrigeration for example , and being ... oh hi blue . and thanks :p roud : why do i belong here though i'm confused . got everything cleaned and organized again , went to the gym , and had a good day . i did an hour of the barre class - basically a mix of pilates and ballet ? the weight work was kinda painful . was ... today's food : - starbucks spinach feta egg white wrap - black coffee - oatmeal , plain - carrots and garlic hummus - unsweetened green tea - koia cocoa almond milk-plant protein shake ( or at ... big arms . i don't care so much if he's really lean . i kinda prefer the more bear-ish look . though i was recently seeing a guy who was pretty cut ( and big ) and i found myself literally gaping at ... i've done research about fasting generally . i used to do juice fasts a lot ( a couple to several days ) , and then i'd try to be careful how i eased back into eating afterwards . one of the reasons why ... that's wise and all in it's way but i have a hard time with that ( getting better ) . i want to reach and really exceed it or i find it deflating . when i was younger someone told me that i come into ... i feel like i was one of those who was maybe seen as projecting negativity . lol . so , there's usually a back story there , right ? haha . i've dated meat heads and i know a lot of work and ... also i think i'm confused about what you're asking exactly :p i mean , i'm not saying that either picture looks bad . just that i don't see a large difference between the two . and i'm not entirely ... he looks fairly average in both imo tbh . i feel like if you aren't gonna go all in , you may as well just stay with the before ( unless you're genuinely doing it for you and you're in it for the feel ... i enjoy the feeling of powering through hunger . i remember a roommate in college was dieting and said something about being hungry and i was nonchalantly like - so go distract yourself . you'll ... so i can't sleep and i'll log food for today . - perfect bar ( protein , organic , peanut butter ) - 2 unsweetened green teas - half of this koia protein drink ( almond milk , plant protein , nutmeg , ... fruits of my labor - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rGkRFM5T0Ng https://www.bodybuilding.com/fun/bmr_calculator.htm waist-to-hip ratio calculator | belly fat calculator macronutrient ... '