' as far as all religions go , what's important is to notice that they are inventions of the mind and are based on concepts ( beliefs , assumptions , opinions , convictions , etc . ) this doesn't ... while it is very difficult or even impossible to say anything since i am not directly experiencing the two of you in my perceptions , but am reading what you write , the most important question is ... sounds like your relationship is not mutually beneficial , at least from your perspective . if this is so , then it will be very difficult for you to make it work in the long term . either way , ... well , at least you are trying to be honest . i want to point out a few things that you might not be noticing in your experience . 1 ) all people are doing the best they can with what they've got ... this is logical behavior , if you have an ideal that you are attempting to live up to . this ideal is in your mind , and you have beliefs and assumptions that drive you toward this behavior . ... you can talk to him and ask him straight out if this is so , or not maybe you are interpreting this whole situation completely different from him he is the only one that can help you resolve ... i have no prejudice toward any religion ( don't know where you got this from ? ) - and my point is that both religion and science are inventions of the mind . they are not true , as in primary , ... a scientific fact is something that has a very high chance of being true based on experiments , there is no such thing as 100 % proof in science there is more chance that science can make a correct ... religion is an invention of the human mind . it is based on beliefs and assumptions . why has religion / s been invented ? because : 1 ) humans don't know what this life is . 2 ) humans don't know ... yes , between each other we can only talk using opinions , but in our direct experience , can we experience absolute truth ? isn't that the question ? well , we either can , or we can't from my ... look forward to hearing from you when you sort out the stuff in your life 1 . no 2 . born in the ussr ( currently latvia , a eu country ) raised in usa , south florida religion , and god ( s ) are inventions of the human mind . their nature is conceptual ( beliefs , assumptions , ... a perfect example to use is the human body , where we have something like 50 trillion cells , all elements of one structure are all cells equal ? no they are distinct , and while a human body can ... it is more of a distinction than an actual death . separating what is based on your own direct experience and what is based simply on beliefs and assumptions ( concepts ) picked up or adapted from the ... self-delusion is believing and assuming that one is a self in other words confusing being ( true-self ) with self-mind ( false-self ) is the root of all suffering and all true delusion believing ... it is not about lifestyle , it is about contemplating about what is actually occuring in our moment to moment experiences and making crystal clear distinctions between what is and what is not i'm ... to grasp the true nature of anything one has to be out of one's mind , because the mind is simply a survival mechanism and has no way of grasping the truth , all it can do is perceive its own beliefs ... absolute truth is what is . opinion is a secondary process , where your self-mind makes an interpretation and provides this interpretation with a meaning . so , while absolute truth is what something ... wow ... u r quite hot ! do you think this is absolutely true ? or are you simply posting your opinion ? will be happy to read any articles you post on this topic . and how about those photos ? ;) tab ... thanks for that article , was an interesting read for sure ! concerning marriage ... please post a picture of you naked from all sides ;) i like how you put that ! going to answer tomorrow , here in the baltic states it's a little after midnight , and i've got to get my ass to bed i liked your post by the way ... and you express your thoughts very ... enjoyed reading your post . we do have to make judgments , and it is something we do all the time . this is simply the only way that we can make choices . at the end of the day , the main question is ... from my perspective it is about average ;) i'm making my assumption from observing my direct experience and contemplating my own beliefs and assumptions . everything else is hearsay . obviously ... it is simply important to be aware that our self-mind has not been designed to perceive reality , or the truth , or whatever one wants to call the unknown phenomena that is actually occuring . this is ... they are both created in the self-mind , in our thinking , and both are representations or usually mis-representations about what is actually there . notice in your own experience that everything ... if by ego you mean self-mind , the thinking process that interprets everything you perceive , it is most likely a similar size to an average human being , taking into account that we are programmed by ... are you serious ? studies ? why wouldn't you want to rely on your consciousness in the present moment and slowly move toward being a loving human being ? do you believe in evolving yourself ? if you ... third rock from the sun ;) is it possible that your world is simply a reflection of your beliefs and assumptions and not what is actually there ? so if you believe and assume that people are ... i'm trying to point out that we use our beliefs and assumptions to interpret the unknown phenomenon that we are calling reality . when it comes to trust , we either approach people from a love-based ... ... yeah that makes sense ... thanks for pointing that out are you both aware that who you think they are is based on your interpretations and the meanings of these interpretations are based on concepts recorded in your thinking ? you don't know who are ... ... yeah , 100 % of everything i do is to survive as a false self ... lmfao ... this might be funny to me ... but i'm not joking about that . since we interpret everything we perceive in our experience , trust is a concept inside our thinking . it has nothing to do with other people . distrust is simply an assumption that certain ... consciousness is reality , it is what is-as-itself . i mean , something real is obviously what it is . if it is not real , it is not what it is . consciousness is the substance and the self-mind is ... since god is a concept , and so is religion , then to know exactly what we are believing we have to clearly define both god and religion but , what's funny is that since god and religion is a ... this was hilarious ... are intj's not supposed to be schooled by intp's ? :) this adjustment of reality is what it getting you in trouble in the first place you don't need to adjust reality you need to simply see it as it is , and not how you want it to be or how you think ... well snapple ... you seem to be assuming that they should return a favor to you , which argues against the reality as it is reality is that they use you and don't allow you to use them you are ... to be honest ... i don't really think there are idiots in reality ... only in your interpretation of what you are perceiving , and this is all based on your beliefs and assumptions this is why i ... then you should get used to idiots because these are the only folks that will want anything to do with you no offense ... but it sounds to me like you are an idiot that's projecting all of this on other people in your experience you're here to get something back from other people in your life ... as in ... check this out if you really want to know : tom campbell : life between lives as consciousness http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_wgw2SFE8yE&feature=plcp my comments below are not an attack of any kind , i truly want to know these things : wink : so , you have created a self-identity that is less personal then it was a while back . what do you mean ... we are living in an evolving-virtual-digital-reality , and are ourselves ai robots ... lol computer games like war craft are an excellent example and analogy of this reality we're experiencing we have to remembers as false-selfs we are all religious ... in other words we all believe in something in fact ... we believe so many things that we have never directly experienced ourselves ... children happen . we , as human beings love sex and food . it seems we are programmed with this survival instinct . one leads to children and helps our species to continue to exist while food ... damn ... you are definitely an intp ... first time i see this kind of insight written in a forum ... and i've seen many . '