' it doesn't really matter people just want to identify with certain characters because it makes the show more enjoyable . besides just like in real life there are limitations as to what a character is ... hiramaru from where ? he's definitely isfp in my opinion , although the thought of one killing so freely was hard to grasp . i feel that he's definitely isfp but a sociopath as well . gto : ekichi onizuka is an enfp gto : tomoko nomura is an isfp overdrive shinozaki mikoto [ image ] http://cdn.myanimelist.net/images/characters/12/60678.jpg [ image ] isfp https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=z0TjdAAkx-s&desktop_uri=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3Dz0TjdAAkx-s shinozaki mikoto is a true isfp to the core ... 2796227961 2796027959 27958allright thats all for now . 2795727956 2795527954 yup theres a bunch . 27953 http://personalitycafe.com/images/styles/AnimatedArena/misc/pencil.png 2795227951 2795027948 a few more . 27949 2794727946 2794527944 well oleas heres a few of my pics , tell me what u think . 27943 sunako from yamato nadeshiko shiki henge is isfp 27630 you know your an isfp when your often misunderstood 27629 under heavy stress , our shadow emerges ( sort of an evil isfp ) and we can become impulsive , withdrawn or vengeful . when i find myself going there , its time for a vacation . nothing comstructive can ... its really nice , but sometimes she uses round about ways of expressing how she feels . ( im guilty too though ) heres a picture 25889 awesome picture man . u look like zangetsu from bleach in this picture whats up everyone , havnt posted in a while 25844 you know your isfp when you end up being friends again with someone who treated you really badly ( only if they apopogize to you though ) damn , thats true . once i lost the remote when i was making breakfast . long story short after awhile i found it on the fridge . also simon from gurren lagann http://oishiianime.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/Tengen-Toppa-Gurren-Lagann-Simon-young-and-older.jpg i know right ! ! ! after tha first three sentences it almost looks like another language lol . [ quote = le9acymuse ; 1425327 ] i think yoshimori from kekkaishi is one . man , many of the fictional isfps named so far , that i'm familiar with , are characters i've disliked . except toki from metalocalypse ... nice pics ! ! ! if u didnt look so inocent id say u look like a vampire in this picture :P you know your isfp when u send out amsg to a new friend or aquaintance , and u start panicking when they take a minute to get back to you . : 0 or maybe thats just me sadly thats one of my bigest weeknesses . we like to be useful to people . so those who take liberties with us and make it seem like they need us we fall for . not only that but to play on our ... lol i have an intp brother and we dnt agree on anything xd lol nahhh , as an isfp i prefer to express myself through art and little else . my infp friend is very skilled with words lets see ... im invisible sometimes . hows that lol 2266122660 22659 because , i feel like no one understands me . not only that but my type isnt really suited to survive in this world . not really lol , im just tired of my personality . youve never felt that way ? since im your oposite probably not . i need an entj friend so i can alter my whole mentality from isfp to entj . is there anyone willing to help me ? your an interisting one . ;) at first glance i was thinking my manerisms and actions were nothing like you , but when i think about it the elongated way u speak and how i cant read anything about you ... damn theres no doubt to me your an isfp point blank period ;) when theres only one or two people who really know your true self . my brother is the only person i feel i can talk to from the heart and be undersood . :) well , if im stressed ill usually listen to sad music . it gives me a hightened sence of emotion , and i must say im addicted to the sensation . :p even though the songs is for a guy , the lyrics are nice . how to love , the message describes me to a t . :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmkuvuEIbmM ps the space thing only applys to people im not intimate with lol ;) 3 things play a factor in how we act twords a person we like : 1 mutual interest in eachother . meaning we show love to anyone who shows genuine interest in us . kinda common for us to be calm and ... theres definetly an inocent charm to us when we meet someone we like . i never know what to say so i end up aquard and quiet , and embarasment is a major discouragement for me . so if he gets all serius ... sounds perfect , dont hesitate , i know hell say yess , but quick question ( has he ever smiled uncontrolably around u , or really shy like missing eye contact , or was he calm and colected when you first ... isfps as guys tend to go with the flow , so the best way to aproach it is to ask him in a direct way for whatever it is you want . ( just dont be pushy ) were not so good at being forced into things . ;) ps i think theres about 50 episodes so go crazy lol . :) no problem . :) if u wanna see the anime just go to google and type in overdrive episode 1 ( or what ever episode your on ) and you can watch the whole thing on either animefreak or animeshippuden theres ... today i got into it with my family , so my responce was to walk untill i died of heat deprevation or exaustion . ( the other methods of esiside seemed to painful ) long story short after 6 miles i tried ... besides the song at the begining ( opening ) is bad ass ;) boku wa koko ni iru http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-dWDSHAv98w hey , we might look ordinary to the eye , but thats not where our beauty and awe lies . it lies in our expression , passion , and attention to everything beautiful . we take those things and express them ... '