' sadly no , but it is similar to my drawing style . i agree with you on this one . personality is supposed to a stable pattern of behaviour . but there are times , situations , big life changes etc . which can affect that stable pattern . i do believe ... the point is , i saw a lot of replies focused on how to correct me , rather than answering the questions i asked . this does not aply just for you , but to the whole thread . as i said , i do believe ... again , i'm not talking about the truth . my last comment can use a response to you as well . the last part anyway . yes , i do mean : why am i not being myself ? .. while using infj as a reference for people who might have had similar ... thank you for your reply , but i don't believe a type is so fixed . especially because you could be more or less on the spectrum of one personality dimension . so i believe you could shift .. i don't ... so , i'm not sure if it's only me going through a crisis , or is it because i was trying to get in touch with the opposites of my character ... or maybe i'm just getting older ... but i just no longer feel ... 1 ) i think all of us have pretty high standards . we give people chances , but giving them is no guarantee that we will stay .. that's when the standards come in and if they are not met we fight with ... but why when you can be even better at being you ? it may seem as a bullshit comment to what you've said .. but can you really imagine yourself being happy with having to change everything you are ... for the very first time i can most sincerely say that i know how you feel , and it's shocking to say the least . and even though it's a breath of fresh air to know that someone can understand how ... my friend hurt me , and i would like to just walk away .. but lately i feel like everyone is hurting me , they just don't know me , they never did .. but i cannot speak , i've been told that i am ... well , hello fellow overthinking infj , nice to meet you :p roud : does he know you like him ? same story , i understand you completely :/ but don't let it change you too much , that was my biggest mistake . it's not your fault , it's not his , there are people who respect you the way you are . :) you think this would give him an opening ? i mean , he definately would deny it and start blabbing in a so what ? if it weren't for this and this , i'd probably still be drinking antidepressants , but ... don't worry this just helped me sort my mind a bit . : happy : as for the last thing you mentioned about infjs , i used to be guilty of this , it was my way of putting myself up while everyone was ... my advice is to take it slow , untill you know how she feels a poem might scare her away , but don't push her to verbalize her feelings if it seems that she doesn't want to . of course , i was just explaining the different manifestations :D and yes , yes you should . we're not that bad . mostly ... i'm not faulting you for anything , i was just saying that no one was attacking you . ahahaha , don't worry , i don't know where you live .. yet . well , i don't know , it seems it's the similarities not the differences that make you nervous then . fight or flight is my primary attitude ... could you explain the intruding upon something you shouldn't ? i'm curious . depends . how long have you know each other ? what is your relationship based on ? are you friends , do you joke a lot ? i've said that it seems as if he is fooling himself , not that i know exactly what he is going through . the repetitive explanations of why he is doing what he is doing without me even asking , ... i can relate to most of you posts . i've gone through phases though .. being quiet during my childhood , having a breakdown , forcing myself into expressing what i feel , getting burned because of it ... well , this might start another hassle , but hell dude .. how can you be so sure the apology wasn't genuine ? i have no idea what kind of infjs you've encountered , but we're not all the same person . and ... ok , i can understand what you're trying to say , but i know i wouldn't use the term self-destructivein front of him . the reason why i'm asking anybody , or explaining the situation is because i'm a ... i never meant to intrude , i just hoped someone could explain this too me haha , because i've never done anything similar so i was truly confused . the problem though with the guy .. he's been in this ... thank you , i believe you're right , it makes sense . i don't know , he doesn't seem annoyed , and i ' ve seen him annoyed too many times in my life . i guess i've learned to communicate with him . but could you tell me for what reason this puts your back up ... well both of them are two of my closest friends , and even though i thought this type of behaviour would slowly stop the older they get , it seems that the awards of this behaviour make them continue ... to answer your first question i think his behaviour is turning from drug use to drug abuse . he's explained to me his reasons , his feelings about it etc . , but it seems to me that he is fooling ... can i , and if i can , how is it possible to help a self-destructive intj ? i believe that you are right , but whatever reason they have for behaving that way may be concluded according to personality . so what do you think could be a reason for an enfp to behave in that way ? ... the problem is that the two of my enfp friends do it just as much when it comes to personal matter , a lot of people get hurt . is there a reason for you being indecisive most of the time ? do you have a trigger that makes you work like that , or is it just the way you are no matter what is happening around you ? true . the thing you are talking about is probably what every living person does in a more or less visible maner , we all shift , either to be more invisible in some situations , or to impress a person ... my best friend is an infp , and the idealist part really sticks out . i feel like you guys hold on to what many adults lose . the sense of true simple justice without complicating it with what is or ... yes , i see what you mean , and sadly it's not only your situation that includes constant moving that ends up like this . and it's not only women . it's just a pity that you don't spend enough time on ... what effect have you noticed by now ? in any possible way a person can seem unhealthy in general . probably you won't notice it from the start , but gain their trust and soon it'll become clear what's unhealthy about them . from then on ... nooo , i didn't mention i was an alcoholic , i mentioned it as a comparison . i don't think it has anything to do with bpd either . i just think it's due to really rough experiences in that area . for the first question , no , i never did , i was raised to feel insecure haha . as for the second question , i'm not really sure . it's hard for me to grasp the concept of a right person . don't worry , i'm not avoiding or too obsessed with the whole thing . i just found it a bit unusual for me to be in this state . but i guess in a way that you are right , avoiding the idea might be the ... i haven't thought about it from this angle . this actually made me think , thank you . not intentionally , i explained it in the post before this one .. in a way that i'm aware of my current state of mind .. current meaning the state of mind that's been here for the last 2 years . every time someone tries to get close to me i go out of my way just ... i'm not closing off the possibility , i'm aware that this might , and probably is a phase .. but what is needed for me to end this phase is something that might not even exist :D i run away from these ... the what questions were mainly answered by the rest of the guys on this thread , pretty much , put it all in one pot , stir it up and cook it and that's what scares me .. the why truly is my past in a ... yes , well said , this is the other huge part that bothers me . i've come to a point in my life where if i do stick with someone it might be for life .. i just never thought this would be something an ... is it typical for an infj to give up on love , that is on finding a partner ? i've noticed that te longer i've been single , the more i don't want to get into anything serious . just the thought of ... hello there : happy : '