' as it turns out , i don't have much longer to live . with that being said , i have been preoccupying my thoughts more on me being nothing and no longer apart of this world . the thought is scary at ... 84251 i can't stand these people . whenever i get upset over something , nobody can ever relate to me . they just bash me and use strawmen arguments to point to things completely irrelevant to the topic at ... in my own dimension . call of duty ghosts - trailer song - youtube as much as i dislike cock of doody , the trailer music for ghost is just beautiful . i found a bit of a redone version and have been listening to it on ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kRX0AQKFtwU le watching alien / ufo files mom : that's ridiculous ; aliens would never contact the government me : explain to me how that is ridiculous . mom : i mean , that's just not savvy . me : what does ... greetings , intp cupcake ! what interests do you have ? i dropped out of college though not for financial reasons . i am working at a couple jobs to save up money for my future business while simultaneously taking online courses in business . life is what ... http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/herman-cain-smile.gif me : wars today are fought through economics than anything else . this is why the united states is number one in investing in nearly every major country . friend : uh huh . the next day ... i thought my life was going to get better . it isn't . after 3 years of refusing to date a girl , i met one that made me change my ways . the girl i have liked and wanted to ask out on a date today ... this is one of the first articles i wrote here :) http://personalitycafe.com/general-psychology/136970-limerence-facet-paracosm.html 85 % liars like cake . 100 % liars will lie about eating cake . therefore , the cake is a lie . i would also do what the first guy posted about and exercise . it helped me way more than anti-depressants and marijuana . though , nothing wrong with a little toke here and there : mellow : lol . hell no . it increased ten-fold . my imagination is probably my strongest aspect of my intelligence as typically i take real life situations and play them out in my imagination . i have characters ... i've dabbled essentially in what i am sure most people here have . however , my main ones : philosophy debating ( does that count in an intj thread lol ) physics aerospace ( mainly the clockwork of ... in doing so , he was able to break the speed point and enter a flashpoint paradox ; an alternate world filled with members of timmy's world except were the exact opposite . he then realized what he must ... 82764 and then they all died . the end i try to preoccupy my mind on other things but not entirely ignoring the problem . feeling lonely is a result of feeling inadequate in some way or another , which is silly imo because nobody is ... what do you mean they screwed you over ? don't give up so easily . my uncle went to medical school in his late 30 ' s and is currently making around 250k annually as a vascular surgeon . it's never too ... meh . being a progressive thinker gets you burnt at the stake , crucified , sent to prison , executed , and you never get invited to parties . people who think stupid comedies like futurama and south park have no meaning because they are too stupid ironically shows how stupid they are for not understanding that these comedies are meant ... 82290 brilliant intj analytical deduction 82188 monks have set themselves on fire and meditated while it was happening . yes , pain is an illusion . before i tore my shoulder , i worked out 4-5 days a week pretty intensively . it was a good way to relieve aggression and anger after dealing with people all the time . 82089 unaware they were taking pictures looking like a total dingus lol 82076 82074 yes , i have always been told i should get into writing but it isn't a career i want to pursue the rest of my life , just like a side job so to speak and make some money in the process . i am seriously considering writing as a viable way to pay off my bills . i understand being a writer is difficult and obviously i would be working other jobs and making money other ways , but i believe ... it would help if you were specific as to what your part time job inquires said employee to do . everything we know to be true is a byproduct of alien contact at some point in human history ; namely world religions and specific technologies . i meant that all those countries are secretly apart of russia and that they are all in denial about it . didn't actually mean it , of course . gather round , boys and girls ! i have a wonder-fucking-ful story to share with you all ! as my sister and her friends were talking about stuff from school , the topic of socrates came up . they were ... they're all actually russia-in-denial . even so , there is no guarantee that anybody will follow said rules . there are always spec-op missions unaware to the enemy that sabotage them into a worse hand than the other party . truly , there ... 81841 asshat , asshat ! asshat , asshat ! you're an asshat , loaded up with shit and smell like poo ! if there is such a thing you are , i have the name for you ! asshat , asshat ! asshat , asshat ! if you follow rules in war , you surely are going to lose . short poems seem to always work in my favor xd i am sure , like the other threads , there have been a ton of questions pertaining to intp women , namely on matters of how to woo them and the like . i'm just guessing . my question is similar ... yup . no matter what you achieve in this life , the individual should try not letting it get to their head because ultimately we are all going to lose every physical thing we ever obtained . it never ... funny , i just wrote a poem about this yesterday :) the beauty of life - blogs - personalitycafe got into a bit of a nasty fight last night with my step father , basically sealed the deal on my want of moving out of here . i have a couple places i can go to , but due to school and work i cannot ... i used linkedin and within the first 2 weeks i got a job offer at madison square garden to help out at the different restaraunts there . it most definitely is a helpful tool , though i must say i ... 81631 it's a kkk member posing for a facebook photo . if that's not defeating ^ then idk what else can . this . work ethic goes a long way . that is what has gotten me pretty much all of my jobs ; give it 100 percent and do your job well no matter what . no task is above you ; cleaning toilets , making ... where did i ever state that people earning six figures don't work ? i was referring to the self-entitled youth and merely used ivy league as an example . no , people are not screwed if they change ... '