' buckeye , that is just heartbreaking to read . i can relate to some of it , but gosh , stay strong my friend . i don't want my situation to esculate like that , actually i fear it . the way things are ... girlygurl , what did you say ? please don't erase your response . i would appreciate any insight and feedback ! i love my mother and i want there to be understanding between us . i fear a rift will be ... right . uggghh ! ! i just want to pull my hair out . she usually calls , but i have yet to hear from her and she is using my sister to communicate with me . i am wondering is she has already shut me off . i think i will start with that . i am just regretting letting her know my feelings a little bit . thank you for the advice pockyist ! she usually calls me every morning and didn't , should i wait a couple of days before talking to her or proceed to speak with her now . please help me understand my mother more . i love my mother and i want a closer relationship with her . i had horrible talk with my mother in an attempt to patch things up in our relationship ... thank you hurricane ! i graduated with an education degree ( 4-8 th grade science and esl ) i love to take walks outside , headphones on , no hurry , no direction . this song will never get old to me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E2VCwBzGdPM hi , i am enfp and i am kind of indecisive . this is so sad . : sad : invisibility cloak - awesomeness invented . human teleportation-please let this be possible in my lifetime ! i believe ! hmm , what if the earth was square shaped ? : shocked : i just went through almost the entire thread scrolling to your awesome pics . good thing there is not thanks / like limit . :D you guys make me smile . and your are all lovely ! lololol . this reminds me of me ! you ready to see my sexy face ? ! * makes disturbing creeper face * * looks beneath lashes flutters eyelashes furiously trying to stay serious-composed . omg.lolol omg ... my heart . i love this thread so much ! thank you again jay ! it was a lovely day spent with friends . thanks jay ! done ! ! until i get bored and go to grad school.https :/ / fbcdn-sphotos-g-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/944253_10201018352851780_1661661032_n.jpg i forgot about this place and now i am obsessed with mbti again.lol i just graduated last week and now about to start the afterlife ... enfp fun http://askformoore.tumblr.com/post/31629047644/this-totally-describes-our-friendship u see no problem w / the bible ? lol , then i must be one of god's favorites , cause my life sure aint one that gives one the opportunity to complain :p roud : if u believe in god , how did you rationalize the concept and existence of this higher power that created everything out of nothing ? because we want / need harmony . we want everyone to like us . so when that harmony is corrupted , in this case her co-worker's apparent animosity , we want to fix it . we will take measures to smooth out ... no worries , i don't judge that way . each person gets an equal chance to turn me off and i'll be on my way and vice vera . :) typing is good to know / useful but people are individuals and i see them ... i know it pretty much says we are attention whores , but to be honest i don't like to be put on the spotlight like that . maybe when i was younger , in my teens i gravitated to that in an effort for ... thanks darling ! it bothers me when people put themselves down too ! lol , feels weird cause i'm usually the one that tries help them pick up their spirits . your right of course , hopefully ( crosses ... i lost my wallet recently ! ! well i know its here in the house ... somewhere . :( and guilty of losing all the things you mentioned above . and fuck yea its aggregating . i must of wasted years of my ... is that the ideal match quiz ? i took that and my ' ideal match ' came out to be intj but i don't think id want to be with one judging from time spent on this forum observing . but who know , maybe if irl ... yea , so i gathered.lol * shrug * stereotyping , sure , and it''s already been established in this thread . meh , there was no intended disrespect from my side , nor any respect . i srsly think infj is my perfect match . lol-ouch , rejected . @ the above . sure ! why not ? ! : crazy : i see nothing with asking obvious stupid questions , who knows , the book description on some things might not exactly fit you and would be interesting to see how many replies confirms , denys , ... why yes , yes i would . : tongue : hey nate , i think you could have worded your question differently , it comes across to me as being a bit accusatory . as enfps we're natural optimists and may come across as often unrealistic ... ahahahaha * frantically asks for username change * don't think i've met one of your type irl , but i would like to ! experiments are pretty fun , would be cool to test it out and see what ... hi guys , i would appreciate any feedback from you guys . i can get a teachers certificate with this major . what do you think the future of health educators ? will schools always need to ... yep , i do have the same problems in social settings as well , but its gotten better ... i think . sometimes i have so much to say ... and i cant find the right words to get any of it out ... it quiet ... yeah , been reading up on it and its def an interesting disorder . i def see the parallels of my personality type and add / adhd . it quiet fascinating actually , sooo many similarities : shocked : eeeh placebo effect ? it quiet possible . in the health industry , im convinced thats how a lot of the weight loss / bodybuilding supplements sectors are so successful . yet , physiologically speaking , a ... ehhh , if she protests , we'll just have to tie her down and do things to her that will make her moan and purr and lose train of thought all together ! : tongue : uummm , can i join you guys ? : mellow : im an e-pedo ! ! ! : tongue : i'm 20 . are you of age ? if not , you can add to my pedo reputation ! ! i remember going to your profile , if i recall correctly your 16 . would it make a me a perverted pedo if i said yes ? : mellow : hi my enfps and your awesomeness ! ! just wanted to know if you guys have problems with your thought process and what you see on your screen . i mean i'm the queen of grammar mistakes if i don't ... agreed . it would be very hard to adopt any set of values that arent villainous to me but others might see it as such . this is because i tend to put myself in other's shoes and see things from ... thanx sweetie ! ! hahaha , i've been accused of this before ! ! yea ! ! i love to see others smile : happy : '