' a vague underlying sense of anxiety . there are some changes happening in my life right now , so i guess that comes with the territory ... do you think mbti and enneagram theories should be mixed ? why or why not ? i don't think they should be forced to coexist within the same system , i think that may make it too big and complex , thus ... sp / sx gemini sun scorpio moon aries ascendant aries venus gemini mars gemini mercury infp gemini sun scorpio moon aries ascendant ox 5w4 / 4w5 / 9w1 sx / sp 5/4 4/5 9/1 sx / sp : people who fear having weaknesses . people who shun the pursuit of desires out of an avoidance for pain . brownosers , boot lickers , ass kissers . people who use external ... for the most part , no . i'm pretty confident with my tastes . however that's not to say i'm totally oblivious to the opinions of others either , because that would imply that when people appreciate my ... you've made some solid points , but the clues that i'm still trying to hurdle is her spontaneity and the kind of info she relaying ( extraverting ) . fe exhibits information that pertains to their ... you know , you do have the right to ignore any posts you find irrelevant ... i could see how the first quote seems like fe , but fi is more about emotional awareness and control rather than open expression . the very fact that she draws the distinction between her own emotions ... clearly enfp , there's nothing about this woman that's fe . i'm pretty empathetic , so yeah i want to give anyone who comes in contact with me a positive experience , i'm certainly not an asshole ( unless you give me a reason to be ) . where i can start to come ... i relate to this primarily because i don't have too many sx dominant people in my life to relate to right now ( actually none on a regular basis ) , so i tend to tone it down for people so they won't ... i very much relate to your experience of being a four ; probably more so than any other i've read on here . i never understood nor appreciated the tendency for 4s , or anyone else for that matter , to ... to be brief : the ego , in the freudian model , represents the part of our psyche that constantly surveys and assesses our internal and external environment for information , and decides if that ... haha , it's not a disorder but it certainly causes disorder . couldn't see myself living as any other instinct though . everything that sx represents epitomizes life itself . i have a similar issue with the title withdrawn . it doesn't tell me anything substantial about 4 , 5 or 9 . understanding them as ego types explains so much more . frankly , i don't think about my social blindspot enough to get depressed about it and seriously doubt i would if i did . i only give it any thought when i'm in a situation that calls for it , and ... being an sx dom is a very polarizing experience ; a roller coaster ride for sure . first off , let it be known that i wouldn't trade being an sx / sp for any other stacking . i'm in love with the vivid and ... from earlier ... 16677016677 8166786166 7941668 02 oops ... : unsure : it's not always so easy to follow my desires , but with you being a 1w9 / entj i know where you're coming from . however , there is a pause to think moment before i give in to the urge however brief ... tuna on wheat from subway ; onion , spinach , pickles , mayo , lettuce , tomatoes , with a fuze ice tea and planter's cashews halves and pieces ( lightly salted ) . when desirability is your constant obsession , reigning supreme in your everyday focus . the lack of it breaks your heart and clouds your soul . when the concept of moderation is a mirage . when a ... i find intj women who are in touch with their fi to be incredibly sexy . in such a case , i wouldn't mind the morbid humor nor your awkward ways of communicating , in fact i think it shows a subtle ... i'd probably say 6 , 1 & 9 , which is weird because i have a 9 fix and because i seem to attract and be attracted to these very types . while i've gotten along with many 6 ' s , the security-seeking ... lol ... so much for cute and cuddly ; doesn't do you guys justice . you infps are gorgeous in a way that's heart-aching , and often quite frankly , downright sexy ! this is a thread of rockstars ... it's actually been awhile since i've been yelled at directly , however i've been in the crosshairs of catty , passive-aggressive behavior far more than i would like to acknowledge lately . both ... moats i've met a fair amount of sexual nt's . i don't think nt's lack enthusiasm about sex , it's just not the first thing that comes to mind when you think about them . especially when you sit them next to ... i agree with most of what you said , and i think i understand where you're coming from . it seems as if our society has become one of an unhealthy dependance on others . however , as social beings , i ... my mom is an isfj , my dad an esfp ; they divorced when i was 6 . we've had problems seeing eye to eye at times , and placed value in different things , especially with my mother , but things could ... i voted i don't know . i'm egalitarian to the fullest , and i certainly don't have anything against homosexuals , i believe that they are just as decent as human beings as anyone else . however , ... when you watch people watching other people ... flirting through my eyes and subtle cues is my favorite way . they pretty much tell women everything that i would give her , do for ( and to her : wink :) if given the chance . i love my eyes because they ... one of my best strategies for igniting a spark is by taking 10 or 15 minutes visualizing myself doing the task , doing it well down to the detail and succeeding . when you visualize , you are actually ... i'd say no . if i were to name a most forgiving type , i'd go with a pure perceiving type ( ep's ) because everything about the the way they process the world around them is so fluid and pliable , all ... overall , i believe that infps are judgmental , however were not prejudice . in other words , when we see things that rubs us the wrong way , we would feel a negative emotion about it internally but at ... pretty much any kind of light blue and deep , dark reds ... 8w9 sx / so although i don't think it would be my best match , i would definitely love to get with another infp ; just to experience that intense kinship that anyone of any other type would never understand . ... coke runnin ' 101 ; movin ' weight while shakin ' the feds . cannibalism poll : favorite body parts / organs . ain't no business like ho business ... be the next hitler ! mass brainwashing and ... i agree with a lot of what you said , but i think that there are a few critical exceptions to the rule : 1st , when you experience a negative thought , i believe it's important to stop and process the ... most of this is instinctive . whatever ones dominate function is , in our case fi , you're pretty much chained to it , wherever , whenever , all the time . fi pretty much means that there's no getting away ... i don't mean to add to the confusion , but there are also levels to each subtype . like for sx / sp there's the seducer , the mystifier and the wanderer ; the seducer is the most sx and the wanderer is ... i agree with this : when you're an sx-dom , you constantly crave more from certain people and life than it can possibly give you . it's like you're driven and consumed by this powerful force that urges ... while i do have values that boil over under the surface , i do not go through the scrutiny of imposing them on to others . the fact of the matter is ... everyone believes that they're right ; rare is the ... http://youtu.be/C3JzbWVDzac ^ in regard to the op ^ i only like being touched by certain people , otherwise i feel like my space is being violated . but it's sort of a polarizing thing , if it's my so , then i cant get enough physical contact ; i crave it ... i've been stallin ' on this thread , sooo here i am ... : blushed : 6377363774 63775 '