' emerald just know fear is imaginary because its something our mind creates . feel the fear , and do it anyways . one truth to bring light into your perceived loneliness is that everyone goes through the same thing - even people outside our personality type . this truth is enough for me to realize that we all ... during this period of dating , your best take is to have fun . it doesn't matter if she's taking pictures with previous ex and posting them on twitter or facebook . you should not care at all at this ... this is actually a really good question . i'm on the fence . it totally depends on the interpretation of talking to her from time to time . if its talking to her by means of praying , then i think its ... you control how the friendship will develop . if you don't say much about yourself , then how can a friendship develop further from the superficial stage ? just do you and be yourself . the only advice to give is to initiate the contact often . depending on his social skill , its smooth sailing from there assuming you both have a connection going on . its ... if you lack congruence in your overall attitude - facial expression & body language not quite aligned with the words your saying , then its very easy for someone to pick up a face of a liar . i try my ... i used to be socially awkward . whenever i talked to strangers for the first time , i would always think they're rejecting me as a person . i was wrong though - they were rejecting my opening . no one ... here i was on the verge of say something about how i wasn't credulous - then it hit me . well played . i just found out the definition of a catfish . til . yesterday made me realize the differences in our ( infj ) thought processes . i would say that my intuition is my strongest trait - it just feels natural , almost like unconscious thinking . i'm going to ... damn man , its okay , everyone gets nervous . even the most prolific dudes with female game get nervous . the best way to go about the nerves is just feeling the nerves and doing it anyway . there's a 3 ... sounds like an infj to me . that's because listeners give off that effect . if you appear interested , you will appear interesting . as much as you let someone spill their heart out because people love talking about themselves , ... i've had that problem in the past , shit , sometimes i still do it , but not as often ! what i find works best is to redirect your thought to something else , preferably something in the present . worries , ... i'm telling you man , its our body language . its impossible to see ourselves in third person perspective but the ability to attract hurt people must have something to do with our non-verbal cues - our ... law of attraction my friend . what you think , you become . the more you tell yourself you don't fit in , the more your entire entity and universe will lead to that direction of thought . i hate to break ... if he treasured your friendship then why hasn't he put the initiative to hit you up in the 3 month hiatus ? relationships - platonic or romantic should not be a one way street . as much as you value ... attractiveness makes you approach them , the personality makes you stay . the combination of both makes the whole package attractive . i've always had a pronounced sixth sense . i get the so-called ' vibes ' we infj's are so notoriously known for at such an early age . i vividly remember the day my ex-girlfriend gave off a vibe of ... i met my best friend in junior year high school . the best part about knowing him for so long is that i come to realize how big of an extrovert he is until i recently discovered the personality type ... i'd be like .. prepare for regret if you don't take action eventually ! fear is holding you back from what could possibly be an amazing experience regardless of outcome . most of your dreams are your untapped / unconscious desires . dreams can be clear , and sometimes not so clear . a clear dream would be hanging out with your friends in a normal setting and feeling joy , ... people will always appreciate honesty over sugarcoating . if you show disinterest in her link , then it only tells her that you have an opinion . which is perfectly okay . sometimes its the phrasing that ... i knew i had this sixth sense . i even told people about it and they thought it was crazy . this whole adapting act is actually quite charming to the people we do it to . in their eyes , they will appreciate someone who is capable of entering their spirit and understanding their moods and ... well , it depends entirely on the connection . if the air of your conversation was playful / joking , then i'd phrase it somewhere along these lines : oh , by the way , we haven't been talking much ! :( we ... i consider sensitive / kind people who lash out occasionally so people don't step on them human . you can't always be sensitive . 6 % infj i've been living a lie . oh well ! hey butterfly . you sound like a sweet and caring friend and that's really admirable ! i'd love to have a friend so caring in maintaining a connection as much you . with that said , this entire situation ... i think its more of an issue of hard work and ambition rather than intelligence . i like to think of my intelligence as unlocked potential . not to say i'm intelligent though , i can be more intelligent ... politely tell the truth . i think the feeling of awkwardness is mostly the feeling of inferiority . that's my take on it . that's the problem with being a people-pleaser . there is so much focus on trying to do ' good ' for others so they gain your approval that you end up neglecting your needs . i think we can still be warm ... keep doing this . hang out with the people you feel happy to be around with . those are the genuine people who are accepting of your true self . never try to get validation from other people just ... acceptance . you will only feel comfortable once you've accepted the fact that there will always be someone better looking than you . it is also accepting the fact that humans are drawn to ... you don't need validation from us . just tell yourself that you're a sexy beast and that you have worth . nothing in this world can shake your confidence with this mind set . so if i tell you that ... reading this makes me smirk . i do this to test with girls i am interested with not because i am angry with them . ( unless you actually did something malicious , but i doubt it ! ) the ' ignoring ' ... sound and smell . when nostalgia happens to me , i smile like an idiot to myself .. like a smirk sometimes . actually in high school , the general consensus of my peers have told me that i gave off an intimidating / superior vibe around them . it's just my natural expression . i guess nowadays i'm making a ... i don't think its hard for an infj to find love . i mean , our mentality and overall vibe gives us a sense of mystery that many people find attractive . i mean , who doesn't like a challenge ? i certainly ... definitely nurture . your personality growth will depend greatly on how your parents are mostly . additional factors include friendship , environment , school - but a large portion of it will involve ... being an infj won't really affect the way you do your job well . i mean , it's all in the mentality . as long as you do your job with confidence , i don't see anything wrong with being a waitress with ... hey , sorry to hear this ! i guess i can relate because i've had a recent break up as well . i can empathize for what you're going through , but believe us when we say time will heal all wounds . right ... wow ! glad to see a lot of you guys are on the same boat as me . i was beginning to think that i was too self-conscious or soft spoken . i guess its in our nature to sit back and analyze . funny i ... does anyone else feel like they are more soft spoken and tend to analyze the person and situation more often whenever they are around new people ? i'm pretty curious because a couple of days ago i ... '