' this is an unhealthy entp issue , not common flaw between all entps alike . i enjoy challenges , but i pursue people that i'm interested in ; preferably healthy guys , and not unstable ones . i also tend ... this might sound difficult to hear , but i think it's best if you leave him . this is actually no longer a personality type issue - he is treating you like shit , and he clearly isn't ready for a ... this heavily depends on the infp for me . i have an infp friend whom i adore , and she's mature enough to handle me . my conflicts with her are generally short , lasting only a few minutes , and most of ... i actually think you caught yourself an infp . here's a piece of advice . run . why don't you try intps ? if you want someone that calls you out for your bullshit , but still organized enough to keep your shit together , intp guys might be a good bet . they are flexible enough to ... i have many isfp friends i've always enjoy talking to . i don't think i'm particularly abrasive and harsh as a person ; i've been mistaken as an nf breed of some sort many times due to my tendency to ... quite frankly , i find it a bit hard to think that she's toying with you . i'm gleaned through her replies - feel free to tell me if you disagree with my perspective , but i got the impression that she ... it's not worth holding on to someone that can't even end their relationship to be with you . let's think through this , step by step . a ) you shouldn't trust his friends to make an objective ... infj men - i've never actually met one in real life . however , i do have a close friend who is an infj , and i do enjoy talking to another infj girl . my only issue with them is that once they find their ... i have been through the extremes , and quite frankly , the only reason why i snapped out plain hedonism was simply the fact that i was finally interested in something that doesn't require me to risk my ... ( ﾉ ^ ヮ ^ ) ﾉ * : ・ ﾟ ✧ welcome ! it's generally difficult to talk about my problems , but i'll try to give some details . hi there , my name is robin , and i'm a teenager . i'm here to seek advice because i'm genuinely confused , upset , ... how to manipulate an intp : - go to 4chan . - use really fancy words like ding dong and wink wonks whenever you talk . - the one that called you retarded is an intj . - the one that follows along ... easy . i don't . long distance relationships ? i do think they are fairly sustainable , depending on the maturity of both parties and how much both wants to sustain it . it's not really a matter of personality here , ... even then , assuming if emotions are generally just chemical reactions in our brains , if we find a way to alter our emotions in the future , by getting certain chemicals input in us , doesn't it render ... kind of late , but natsu - - esfp gray - - istp erza - - estj happy - - maybe more enfp ? lucy - - i'm thinking esfj , actually . wendy - - isfp gajeel - - istp juvia - - isfj you found yourself in a room . it's a small room with a door that has a camera lens where the door knob is . in the middle of the room is a pedestal with a lit candle and an unlit match . someone ... i think bernie sanders is an intj . donald trump seemed more ... estp , and hilary clinton comes off as an exfj . intps : invade , invade , invade ! entps : oh hi guys ! intps : resistance is futile . entps : oh hey , this funny human wants us to resist . intps : ... entps : ... intps : ohh , furry entp kitties ! * pet pet ... i apologize for sounding mildly abrasive , but let me just point out something . you walk into a few forums , and begin with tons of emojis , while telling every single one of those forums something ... ahahahaha - - oh wait . you are serious . i'm sorry . 01 . surround yourself with enthusiastic people . i'll advise finding some good friends that are extremely motivated / ambitious and try to spend ... human ? human , please pet me . thank you . http://38.media.tumblr.com/1dbffcc0d5edc11179ee9fb8e93d1d80/tumblr_mgsl4tr4n31qdlh1io1_r1_400.gif unsheath your dick from your cat , put it down , and listen for a moment ... if it fits , you should wear it with consent . this is a personal question , but out of curiosity , why do you like her ? http://img1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20120705231254/harrypotter/images/c/c4/HarryPotter-Snape-Clapping.gif i'd say ... an fi user . i'm going to guess enfp , since only an enfp will choose that gif of flynn . here's mine : makishima shogo - - psycho pass ... now , that's puzzling since that's not really an istj's behavior . it seems doubtful that there will be people like hibari , and i hesitated at the te of an istj . istjs that i'd observed are generally ... all you really need to know is that i can speak chinese ( mandarin and cantonese ) . : wink : entp logic . i re-watched hitman reborn and i do understand how hibari is an istj . i would've re-edited the list , but it's too late . i was considering intp for him too . i think hibari is more of an intp than an ... east asian ? sounds good . what do i do ? ^ _ ^ yes , but the question is , what do they feel about this ? hush . that's the beauty of a malfunctioning ne derived from a sleep-deprived user . mbti - the fault in entps - : how to capture an entp or if you want to read the inputs : http://personalitycafe.com/entp-articles/494202-how-capture-entp.html have fun . https://media1.giphy.com/media/dG7ZiL6ImLyNO/200_s.gif i have a certain sense of loyalty to my family , but mainly because they had been around for the whole of my life . this is entirely irrelevant to blood ties . they are around for most of the time , ... my second opinion , lies in the fact that i can't remember being too interested in wanting to engage in a romantic relationship out of hope that i will enjoy the personality of the other person . from ... arbitrary jocular orthodox klutzy eloquent take the first letter of each word . invalid negative , you have no gauge of the actual dimensions of the field , and fail , albeit miserably , in recognizing how the field exists solely in the palace of your own mind , thus having zero ... i'm flattered that you consider yourself as my companion , intp . and here , we have an intp attempting to flirt . the world must be ending soon . applying morality to the implementation of justice gets more and more messed up as each day slips by . big brother is still watching . i was thinking entp 8w7 , oddly enough . or entp 7w8 . i'm going to use your other posts in the entp forum to explain why ; you verbally vomit information on people . it's not a bad thing , actually . i ... well . um . this guy kept trying to say you make a mistake . to me to shame me in front of the teachers . i got really fed up , so i screamed you are a mistake . [ detention 01 # ] er . i might or ... frequently , entps might seem a lot more passionate about things that they don't really care much about . their passion comes solely from excitement that they have an opportunity to engage in ... actually , now that i think a bit more about it , i find that the high-ti entp generally seem more serious / knowledgeable through purely their behavior in a social setting . that is to say , i think that ... i like the theory that there are two types of entps ; the ones that display ne , and the ones with a high ti . there is a thread posted about it a long while back , but anyway , i'll try to type out the ... being an entp female is painful , but i believe that the environment matters as well . there are environments much more accepting of the unorthodox , and there are extremely conservative environments ... i was referring to being more open in relationships . even in relationships , there is still some form of distance within . if the istp slam into a problem , and they knew that their problems can't be ... '