' ti / ni can hold you back . if one lives in an oppressive society or it is generally difficult / looked down upon to indulge in one's se , it can lead to ti-ni loops and general sadness . so it's probably ... it's really pretty simple when it comes down to istps : it will be obvious whether or not he's interested , unless he has something else to gain by pretending to be interested . given that you are much ... he wants you to use a less obnoxious font . and probably to stop talking . i mean , i'm , like , hungry . i'm hungry . an average of one wherever i go . i literally am not able to keep in contact with anybody if i do not have anything in common with him or her , in the moment . find commonalities , at least in topic if not the content itself . an istp enjoys a good discussion / debate and will not want you to concur with their views , like , just because . on the other hand , if he ... ron motherfuckin swanson troll . no . it's occasionally a struggle to garner the respect i wish to have due to my appearing younger than i am . 1 ) ignore until message received . 2 ) intentionally get caught betraying him / her in a fashion of equal or higher magnitude of betrayal . 3 ) move on as best as one can . sniperhippo lol , just out of curiosity how did you get banned ? making faces helps . i actually didn't really process your first post the first time around . i beg to differ about this statement ; mary most definitely does not get along with richard carlisle , and indeed has arguments ... true , but with the same set of relationships and logic one could argue that she's a p because she gets along with ps and not js . i heard about this concept called sadness the other day , was wondering what that was all about . but yeah , i agree ; most of the time it would be most socially acceptable for me to be sad i end up ... <shittystereotyping> if ever there were a senior citizen that figured out how to navigate the world wide web (: o what's that ? ) , it would be an istp </shittystereotyping> still haven't fully figured it out . five bullet points for how to get out of one pretty please ? :D i can really relate to mary , which i realize is not concrete proof that she's an istp , but it's possible . i'm also only halfway through series 2 so further character development may sway my opinions ... minimalist kinda stuff , but photography too . minimalist photography . istps make love ? i think being an ass early in the morning is independent of mbti . wait , but what does this have to do with his trusting you ? type talk - youtube just came across these videos , thought they were absolutely ingenious , especially the ones regarding ns ( i believe the maker of the videos is an intp ) . here's one for starters : ... bob benson - fbi ? you know , most of the istps above have discussed in length about how it can be embarrassing or whatnot to let one's feelings out , but beyond that there are some real-world consequences as well . the ... basically this . i'm a big fan of suggestions but anything beyond that and you're infringing on my personal liberties . like piercings , as long as they don't interfere with job prospects or other people's ( like superiors ' ) respect for me . same goes with tattoos , so i would definitely go with something small in an ... right there with ya . on one hand i absolutely cannot stand people telling me what to do , and on the other that's exactly the kind of firmness and discipline i'm strangely attracted to / need in my life . very libertarian / sociallyliberalfiscallyconservative . is this rule still in existence ? i'm almost but not quite convinced yet that mcpng is a huge troll . start two more wat-worthy threads and i'll know for sure . are you a troll ! ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ? ! ? ! i find that some good ol ' self-lovin ' does the trick as well . now i am about as perky an individual as your next unmotivated istp , but my statement is about 80 % serious . partially it's because i ... a lot . it's a vicious cycle for me . during the week i am usually busy running around between classes and working ( i'm in college ) which energizes me , and i get a good daily dose of human interaction ... when they try to get uncomfortably close . my problem is that i will absolutely not go out of my way to meet anyone new . in any specified social context ( whether it's a class , meeting , or a group of friends i have known my whole life ) i can ... i only want to touch you if i'm sexually attracted to you . left on social issues , right on everything else . basically in around 200 years when a secular , libertarian party actually grows a decent pair of balls that's who i'm voting for . it sucks sometimes because people assume we're being passive-aggressive when we really just dgaf , but as an intp with the same inferior fe you're probably pretty understanding of this . mom : esfj dad : intp mom cooks for the family , dad cooks for himself ---> dad is fat . infj , all the way . ( if i remember correctly ) i do not dislike them , i simply don't find them particularly stimulating and / or interesting . it's hard to have a real connection with them , especially the hardcore , literal , no-deviation si users . can you be more specific ? nobody needs to be with anyone unless , obviously , you're working together on a project or something , in which case i go all-out business mode so i can get the fuck away from ... do you ever feel like it's impossible to get to know anybody really well because you don't talk enough about yourself ? i , for example , would not begin a conversation about myself except with very , ... oh , i read the title but not the first post when i voted , so i thought you meant in highest demand from the public ( as in highest demand for a function within a workforce or in society in general ) . i ... how are you ? ! although sometimes i do it just to prevent someone else from saying it to me first . yeah no . fuck hugs . honestly , i take your situation to a whole other level . every time i meet nice , decent people , i do your whole fake smile thang for awhile . then they try to get closer and since i tend to be very ... one never gets too old for harry potter . and slytherin here ! '