ever since i can remember i have suffered / lived with anxiety and have never thought it was anything related to my personality but the more i think about it the more i think anxiety is something a lot ... when i moved out of my parents home to another city i lost all of my childhood friends and haven't made any 3 years later . i have my partner but he is my only friend at the moment . i don't want a ... i'm a nurse , well student . i'v always known i wanted to be in the area of helping people , it keeps me out of my head for a while and i love making them better ( or contributing to it ) . it can get too ... i like to think that films and books that i have read stay with me when i eventually go back to reality , not in an imaginary friend way but characters which make you contemplate normal things in ... thank you ... normality , where are you ? ? :) emily dickinson - that's all i gotta say :) in the car on a long journey at night , sitting in the passenger seat with the heater on and listening to riders on the storm by the doors when its pouring rain outside . the best feeling ever . its an amazing step to take , well done . it does not show your weak , it shows that you are willing to change yourself for the better . i was put on prozac but i found it not to make a difference . my ... i have come to a point in my life where changes have to be made , changes like moving out and going to college , the inevitable really . it has since occured to me that i fear tiny changes , like wearing ... i dont know if i can fully get over you , yeah i'm in a relationship now that i should be very happy about but there is that part of me that still longs for you . i can never say it or show it because ... a friend thought me how to completely crash down someone's computer , oddly i'm not a computer student and would have no idea how to fix it . some might say it would be very handy but i would never be ... i think she might be having some hormonal problems , she keeps freezing on me ... i suggest giving her some paracetamol and a few days rest ? oh me too ! i always thought that it's a thing that i denied what time it was due to the fact that i always have so many things to do and never actually bother with any of them but i can see how this ... how i judge people in my head , i hate it more than anything . i stop myself when i can but i grew up in a society that judged everyone , not an excuse but meh ... ednos for two years ... i know people wouldn't classify it as a ' proper ' eating disorder or whatever proper is cause you don't lose much weight but them two years were probably the worst two years for ... i have some food stored in a box that was there for close to two years i think ... never planning to actually eating it , but i thought it would be interesting to open it in ten years time to see what ... loud music , and plenty off it . that or just lying in bed and pushing everything out of my mind and focus on all by bodily functions other than my brain . am sorry you are feeling this way ... it sounds like you are young ( sorry if not , no offense intended ) the older you grow the more you see that being yourself in this crazy world id the only way you ... i agree fully :) its a hard situation , i do have two friends that are in the same situation but their parents dont mind too much . i think the only thing that would worry me is both of your stabilities , i being an 18 ... its such a good song and if you really listen to the lyrics you can tell that the girl is a definite infp :) i love knowing peoples names :) i think thats a very general statement , for me its making everyone around me happy ( with the exception of blaring my music as loud as i can , that is just for myself ) :) talk out what my dog would say by the expressions on her face :) * sliming like a retard for relating to people on some level * hm ... i have never actually noticed it but i guess its very true . i do it because i am forced to spend most of my day with people and night time is the only time i get to spend alone with my ... me to * yeeey * the picture is yes ! it is awesome i think ! so i heard this song yesterday and feel ( intensely ) that everyone needs to hear this , anyone in the uk might have heard it before , it was in skins . it is one of the most infp'ish songs i have ever ... a friend brought me out of some deep shit once and stuck by me when times were hard , she is my true hero and inspiration . i think for someone to be classed as hero in my eyes they need to have done ... thank you again , whoever that girl is she is very very lucky , maybe you should take your own advice and give it another shot ? it might be awkward but just say for example that you haven't talked for ... i have never had a proper relationship to have a proper break up :( this really gave me hope ... :) that has to be one of the most awsome things i have ever seen :) love is the look he gives , that captures every core of my being and rips me out drawing it to him . love is knowing that someday , somehow no matter what the situation is now we will be together , no ... i am the one who tore a ligament in her foot because i thought that there might be a slight chance i could fly , jumping off a trampoline . thank you though , i can see things a bit clearer now but one thing i know is that i am mentally not ready , not even in the slightest . he needs to be free for a while , i know that . he has had shit ... i have thought of that so many times and i think people have to ' feel ' the situation i am in to understand it . you see he is not just a normal guy , he is a family friends and what if i said anything ... its very hard to explain but i have spent alot of time with him ( and quite a while when we were both intoxicated ) he has declared that he wants someone who would appreciate what he has to give the ... when i put my earphones in i am there . any outside stimulus does not affect me in my world and i am at peace . for those precious moments everything is perfect and ideal . i wish i could , im petrified to say anything along those lines to him and i have no idea why ... thats the thing though ... he is perfect for me in every way possible , the only thing is that he is my friends brother and although he is 2 years older and in collage , do you think that he could be ... i can relate to that so much , i think my brain is the reason for my loneliness . i feel that anyone approaching me needs to realize that i am mentally unable to commit and i could not actually tell ... i see what you mean , you wouldn't just date anyone , there has to be something there but do you get attached to easily otr does it take a long while for the ' connection ' ro form ? i have found someone who i know is the perfect person for me but there is a long and complicated list of reasons why i shouldn't be with him , i see him a lot ( which makes it worse ) and he is ... i was born there moved to ireland when i was 7 or 6 or somewhere abouts ... crazy world it is :) which part were they originally from ? did you just say lithuanian ? so you an infp and from lithuania , wow i have never met anyone that is so like me ! :) i bake . make a load of shit and give them out to everyone , its better than any present :) i hate that i don't have that because i build walls around myself , hopefulyl someone will bother to bring them down ... yes and i don't see it as a bad thing as long as i don't show it to anyone else . i think that feeling hurt is better than feeling angry . the hurt feels oddly satisfying ... maybe thats just me ...