' i think that it is bad he refers to human beings with these nicknames . i would think that categorizing human behavior is a very common occurring idea but it makes people seem less human and more of a ... the 5 saddest things people do to look smart | cracked.com great website , even better slap in the face for many perc users lol someone has been watching too much house lately . lol i heard a result of that is to cause random chaos damn dude awesome stuff . rage against the machine is one of those bands that will never die evangelicals lie ... ron tells the truth . crazyeddie you helped me out more than any other person commenting on this thread . thanks a lot man . now i know who to consult in my life , an intj . :) i do not think that you figured out my type at all . i do a good job of concealing that even online . if i was not an entj i know that i would be a entp . i think homeschooling helps in the development of talented children . you would be surprised how many celebrities and famous people take that route for their kids . sometimes i think that america's ... personality test site a little hard to follow but well explained . economics play a huge factor . the great thing about america is that we have a choice if we want to be sent to a private christian or public university's and there are several programs available to ... here is a good quote by albert einstein , everyone is a genius . but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree , it will spend its whole life believing that it is stupid . well think about ... i agree , but some people choose to serve only themselves . these people frequent positions of power . technology is going to teach us all we need to know about the universe . we cannot deny science ... well i guess i should explain why i started this thread . the general population is constantly complaining about how much the government and the corporations are screwing us over . this is mainly a ... do you believe that for a political system to function properly , religion is the best possible answer to keep the citizens gullible and trusting ? when religion is removed does the system begin to ... i disagree . i think that since i am not meeting enough n's , it just means that i am looking in the wrong places . i am transferring to a university in the fall , but for the past one-and-a-half years i ... thank you ! i should be figuring this out on my own , but the thing i lack most is a mentor . i will look at university of oklahoma for my graduate program . i really don't think about people's emotions too much when working on something . i recognized a pattern and i was worried i was turning into a sociopath . you see i used to deal coke believe it or ... i know how you feel ! lately i have been telling my friends to figure things out for themselves because they are always coming to me for answers . it does get fairly annoying . ah you are probably right . damn personality quiz did me no good ! i am glad you pointed that out . by the way i am not involved with the church at all . i am a very committed atheist . i was just raised ... every damn day i experience this . even with my family i experience this . i get started up on a topic , and then i realize that nobody understands me . i have to make myself seem more stupid just to fit ... what i meant by the dumming down is that when i watch television , i think that none of this material is stimulating for the mind at all . so naturally when i see people that all they do is watch tv ... i am a little confused with the whole part of go out and do . would you recommend sticking it out through college ? i am getting very impatient in school because i feel that i can make an immediate ... people love talking about themselves . you notice this and it is great . it is something you should capitalize on . get people to open up and you can learn more about those around you . in the process ... looking back at high school i laugh . i was the kid who could always make people laugh , but i also preyed on their vulnerabilities . i was extremely confident around guys , and a i usually stayed away ... i believe that i have had more self-discovery over the past couple months than i have in my whole life . when you were going through this phase did you have a generous boost in self-confidence ? i am ... is there a book or article i can read that breaks down all the personality types in detail ? specifically the ones listed in this website . excuse me for being a little too inquisitive , but in what way will that benefit me ? sometimes i just get sooo mad about having to tell people what to do all the time especially in work related situations where i am clearly not the leader . i always just know how to get the work done ... exactly . it makes me guilty to deal with things strategically , but that is just my human nature and how can i control it ? when you realize that no one is thinking the same way that you do , it almost ... welcome to the perc ! beats the hell out of facebook . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3YFmpSFJ40 copy and paste :) i should have heard of it by now , but i really don't have any ntj mentors in my life except for my dad . unfortunately he is a preacher and very devoted to his faith . well sorry i am not as familiar with classical literature as you are ! so no i will not hang my head in shame . i will just google it . i guess i might be over analyzing things . i think the problem is that i am always around people who are a lot less fortunate than i am , especially with the close friends i have chosen and my family ... i have the same sentiments about the church as you do . well i feel just because i have a pleasant appearance , and can successfully change my persona due to the demographic i am currently ... who wrote the art of war and the prince ? machiavelli has influenced millions of politicians and powerful people with his ideas . i am pretty sure most of the world's power has been tinkered with by him in some way . it was a joke . i assumed most people who use this particular website are in fact quite good at seducing regardless of their personality type . this thread is started was just a little ice-breaker . lol ... i can already tell that this forum is very supportive ! i am glad i found a place for reliable information . i love ( and hate ) politics , and whenever i assess a politician i put myself in their position and the big-picture becomes more clear . with all the different views held by people it is difficult to ... generally people do not want to hear your opinions on seduction unless you have some credibility . credibility is something i do not have lol i recently read the 48 laws of power by robert greene and it is becoming apparent to me that the failings of the us economy is based around people desperation for power . i also read somewhere that a ... how detailed is it ? can you accurately remember intricate details like colors and shapes ? haha ! when people tell me a recollection of a story that i have heard before , i can usually see that they don't recall me having heard the story before by blatantly turning the story around . i ... i have another question for you . do entj's usually have an astounding memory recollection ? yes i go to school . but the work is hardly intellectually stimulating and my problem is if the material doesn't make me think , i am totally uninterested in it . it is tough because i come from a christian family , and to them what i do best is immoral . i am an expert at persuasion so i can get almost whatever i want . it just sometimes feels like i am living ... i got some ideas that could spark your interest , especially on the art of a proper seduction . seducers are a dying breed , and i love to help people out . i am a very burdened entj and i cannot wait ... drugs and cancer are ruining our society as a whole . not just the united states , but the world . soon once the lower class gets enough of impoverishment , they will rise up against the upper class . we ... '