' bars are still the best . just make sure you go to the bar beforehand and check that it is quiet enough and that the lighting sets the proper vibe / mood . have one or two alternatives in case the ... what is the meaning of this ? about what are you asking us if we have any idea why it happens ? - why does grey creates no emotions in people ? - why are your grandparents complaining ? - why ... picky indeed . although i think i have a lot of people who are in my second circle of friends ( they would be people i am content to see occasionally , whose face and name i remember , and who i have ... i find most people are interested in the random stuff i read ( news , science , ... ) . generally my strategy is to isolate a victim at a social gathering and then feed them with this kind of information ... why did people derail this thread ? ! i was going to rub my intimate parts while reading the answers people gave . ah ! : crying : why do you think i ( and the rest of us ) should care if you like intps or not ? are you trying to do some emotional blackmailing to us ? emotional blackmail intps ? are you seriously hoping one of us ... you want do date some other guy when you are in an exclusive relationship ? i don't think you understand what exclusive means indeed ( neither did your guy , mind you ) . on a side note , it is ... nyes . yes , it's a sextant which was used by navigators . it seems to me that it's more related to exploring than thinking - so it might not be the best choice . we are clearly one of the most ... i hate babies but i think young kids are cool ( 5 + y . o ) . now that me and my siblings are all adults and living our own lives , i can say that my parents are very happy to see us every time we gather ... yes , same . people complain ( ed ) i have no facial expressions and they can't say if i'm happy or not . what's funny is to see how much it makes people happy when i actually have a genuine facial ... i have done it for around 5 years but i'm poor now , so i have to stop doing it . i did software development from home but it didn't work as well as i had hoped in the end ( it was a business that i ... i do that as well , although not to the point of being prejudiced and closed ( hopefully none of us do ) . i will normally try to have a nice , polite chat with anyone who approaches me and i will ... because so many people say they never dated , i used urban dictionary ( i know ! ) to get the definition : of a couple , to be in the early stages of a relationship where they go out on dates to find ... as a european , trump seems like a massive ( bad ) joke . heck , my mind can conceive people voting for hitler - he was an asshole too , but not a clown , and the situation was particularly bad in ... it's great in theory but as others have pointed out , it's just not practical . i think the education system is being abandoned by society though for a variety of reason , as in : i have the ... my point is that your moral standards aren't high . you - as an individual - hold them in high esteem , because they are your own moral standard , and so hopefully you value them highly . but by ... i have high moral standards as well , they just don't necessarily care of casual sex as much as yours . i think you really meant to say i have traditional moral standards , possibly religious ... it's called friends with benefits . the still want to live with me is bullshit , and guaranteed this won't happen for any combination of the following reasons : she will change , you will change , ... to be realistically competitive with other people who only specialise , or to be proficient , you have to specialise in one thing unfortunately ( not talking about hobbies here ) . it's a bit of an ... i can predict things people are going to say based on what they said in a conversation , and i often know the conversation is heading . i have seen this mentioned many times in the description of ... i hope he can still tell you anything and everything to do with a computer ... otherwise you are dating a jock ! women / men would generally say i am . maybe 7/10 if i were to guess - so probably a hot-ish potato ( though i suppose you have to like long hair , so i'm pretty niche in that regard ) . currently ... you said it ! [ ... ] [ / quote ] we will tolerate your rudeness , because you look pretty . i need someone to suck my dick . beyond that , it doesn't seem to me that intps are particularly fond of relationships - whether it is friendships or romantic . we seem to be one of the types that ... you are lying to yourself , and them . i took a different approach and explained to people that i just never contact people usually , but that it doesn't necessarily mean i don't care . it's worked ... no , i can't relate to this , sorry . i agree with everything you said - essentially i don't think type should be the starting point at least . that said , i'm not the op , but i'd be interesting in meeting an intp girl myself - maybe ... they were scared : aaaaah ! ? what the hell is ahh anyway - what was the intonation ? better yet , drink and tell us what you did . i will tell you what i think as an intp . this is so important . people drain me . if i decide to spend some time with someone ( because there are just so many interesting things to do in life rather than talk to people ) , then it means i ... what's wrong with them in your experience ? genuine question . your post made me laugh . on the plus side , you can knit small jumpers for your cats . they will appreciate that . who the hell wants to meet intps anyway ? you're probably not losing much . we're ... i will reiterate what i said in my first post : i think you need to cut your losses . instead of wondering what could be if , just look at what is now . to me , it seems unhealthy . will the ... i made the mistake once of getting back with an ex girlfriend , breaking one of my core rules ( never go back with an ex , because people don't change , because the problems you had in the relationship ... yes , when i'm drunk too ( and when i've had time to energise ) . when i'm drunk , i talk to random people , dance with random people , give high five to everyone , am killing it with women , laughs at ... job hunting is just annoying , boring , repetitive , dumb , full of bullshit . give me your fucking job already , i know i'm more than qualified . the worst in all this is that - for how hard you think ... i'm glad i'm not at school any more ( older ) because it sounds unnecessary silly and complicated . to be fair , i was single and my hand was my best companion during school . no regrets , although i ... i was in a similar situation with a ( now ) ex girlfriend ... if he says he is busy on a specific weekend , just ask him when his next free weekend is , as you want to do something together . depending ... i've got two tips : - drink alcohol , but this might not help for work - when you talk to people , ask them questions about themselves . people love to hear the sound of their own voice , try to ask ... danced at 4am in the middle of the street when it was cold and snowing outside . i was coming back from a night out , drunk but happy . i suspect that what he means by you are innocent is it's not your fault what is happening right now , it's me and my bullshit ... i need to sort some shit out .. i think when he says i am ... so you tell a guy who likes you that he should see other women . then he sees other women , you get jealous and you tell him i met someone . why is he distant now , i wonder ? ( i hope you made the whole ... just hang out with other weirdos then . it shouldn't be too difficult to find some . i would say , though , that you might want to express yourself as you want more if you are worried about people ... i've moved to another country ... so i see my brothers / sister / parents once a year for christmas . i enjoy seeing my close family however the whole gift thing feels forced , especially when everyone ... it's not hard , proof-based science ... more of a pseudoscience or empirical science like economics / psychology are ( as anything based on the observation of human behaviours will ever be , ... chill out people , we're here to talk . it's clear that the rise of obesity is due to our more sedentary lifestyles and highly processed foods . you see it in pretty much every country that gets ... my statement really has always been : if i agree that your belief is reasonable , then you agree that my belief is reasonable too . while people will rarely disagree with that statement - they will ... i've got a bit of padding ( which i'm trying to lose - but nobody can really tell if i don't wear a super tight top ) . i'm surprised of the results , i expected more overweight people amongst intp ... good song , the full album is epic too . mechina - on the wings of nefeli https://youtu.be/9TisWoTVehc?t=18m19s '