' what did i say ? then you don't understand . your opinion is appreciated . nobody understands what she is doing , because it is so bizarre . nobody can relate . my friend's father contacted me and said that it was one of the most bizarre things he has read on the internet ... crazy sums it up . it all started when she moved to san diego . things were fine for a while , until she started quitting jobs . then she started looking for a purpose . she became obsessed with yoga . from that ... i can't go back and play old games like kotor . i decided to move to console games . much cheaper than continually having to upgrade my computer . cheeseburgers , motorcycles , money , and big tits . the bastards won't release any ps4 versions . * grumble * i hate them . why would anybody love them ? they are forced upon us . it is a plague that needs to be eradicated . unfortunately , advertising is a billion dollar industry and will never go away . the first movie was interesting , but the sequels became progressively worse . i also enjoyed the games , but became disinterested after the second / third game . legislation that was passed by congress and into law . didn't even scotus rule the aca constitutional ? i am of the belief that the constitution is often skirted and side-stepped when it becomes ... is it not the responsibility of scotus to provide an opinion of the law ? i don't understand how they can rule a company / corporation can abstain from following the law based on firmly held ... hobby lobby . what do you think of the recent scotus ruling ? https://www.facebook.com/TheRealMikeRowe/posts/815888631754615:0 the us gave up that last second goal , which has to be the worst defensive collapse this year . there are groups of people who live independently and separate from society . my sister seems to be going down this road . i do not know what your dream job is . if you graze , don't graze on products bought at costco . smaller portions . the human stomach isn't very big , but it does stretch quite a bit . just eat smaller meals multiple times a day . if it's about survival - and you're not exercising - then you only need 1000-2000 ... difficult question . one way to look at it , is to know how much food your body requires based on amount and calories . if you can't rely on your body , then you need to use your head . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Hn-enjcgV1o 76-100 % ... and asshole corporations . do you know anything about protections against lenders ( student loan ) and / or collection agencies ? a co-worker of mine was just accepted to harvard law . lucky girl ... run . away . yes . http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-foYVEEiptrM/TZ0opwnblaI/AAAUw/ARe1Kwsf5Lc/s1600/Bill-and-Ted-3.jpg ... alcohol just dulls the senses . that is the only reason it makes you feel better . the only thing that really helps is if you find ways to occupy your time . translation : stay busy . literally . ... isfj current : legislative assistant degree : bachelor of arts ( english ) dream job : city council , county commissioner / supervisor , state senator / representative , congressman my passion is ... yes , to a certain extent . example a : the recent scotus ruling regarding deceptive labeling by coca-cola . i contacted the fda and informed them that i purchased a pepsico product from safeway ... his girlfriend doesn't sound like an isfj . therefore , i don't feel like this topic is relevant . at first , i want to eat potato salad , but then i think of eating bones and want to vomit . i am in arizona now and they make a pretty good beer over here called kilt lifter made by four peaks . i ... my current title is assistant . i help people all day . i like it ... most of the time . i hope it will prepare me to run for office . i have always helped people it seems . i enjoy it ... most ... can we just talk about beer without giving it a personality type ? be honest with your mentor . ask him or her if they would be comfortable remaining in contact with you . if they don't mind , then ask them what would be an appropriate level of ... use them to build your resume . work on a game until it ships and move on . look at it this way , even disney only uses the same artists a few times . remember the old secret of nimh cartoon ? ... what's going on in here ? i'm bald and started shaving my head a long , long time ago . it's not so bad . damn you . i was fooled into coming here by your misleading thread title . happy to be of service . you should be a writer ... of animals . i got a job , because i knew someone who knew someone ... i was very lucky and fortunate and in the right place at the right time . it's very strange ... when i think about it . almost like the ... do what you love . do what makes you happy . life is too short to waste your time on anything else . sometimes you will need to temporarily settle for something that you love a little less , but ... my last three dates have been with women i met online . i see women in public ... walking around ... doing things , but i either lack the motivation or the will to ask them out . for me , online dating ... tanx something else . the truck will come later . title change : get advice from an employed educated man . found a job . it was bizarre . being nervous was probably a contributing factor . i got lucky . had to bing valtrex . never heard of it . hehe . i think i agree . i'd argue that they are synonymous . typically , one cannot experience harmony if they are not also secure . before silent hill would be resident evil and before that ... alone in the dark . don't let this shit bother you . live your own life . be sympathetic , but don't worry about things that you have no control over . a couple of my student athletes just quit today . walked out ... '