http://farm5.static.flickr.com/4090/5010896097_83f0dd4c40_z.jpg i definitely fit your theory whisperycat . i'm passionate about figurative work and portraiture and have been drawn to it since as long as i can remember . as for my son standing still well it was ... a life size portrait of my son in oils that i'm working on . http://c2.ac-images.myspacecdn.com/images02/141/l_b32aa6e96a5c4cd4b5a9eda4a194d89d.jpg hello there . welcome . i think i did the same morph as you from enfj ( once ) to solid isfp now on every test i do . i think though that enfj was the mask i wore before i learned to be honest to myself ... i love chartreuse ( limey green / yellow ) with a hot pink . also poppy red with wisteria lilac blue , yellow ochre and turquoise toned blue ( as in cezanne's gardener painting . ) hot yellows and pinks ... for me it's the artist or the sensitive doer . hi linax , your post struck a chord with me . i am older and wiser now and over the years i have learned to express myself and feel comfortable with my feelings but i was more like your fiancee when i ... i love freud , and even though the intention to adopt that style was never conscious i do see how my painting is raw like his but in a million years i could never be compared ! i love tai shan ... thank you so much spg all these lovely comments are so encouraging and i really appreciate them . i haven't painted for a couple of weeks as i'm in the process of decorating my flat inside and out but ... hi littleboo , sorry i've just seen this reply.thank you for thr kind comment . i take a class now but that has been it since i was 13 years old . what a waste of all those years . still there is a lot ... global 5 : sloan sluai ; sloan + x | l | uai ; primary limbic ; x ( 50 % ) l ( 70 % ) u ( 62 % ) a ( 58 % ) i ( 54 % ) extroversion results were medium which suggests you are moderately talkative , outgoing , sociable and ... for me flaubert , tolstoy , steinbeck . i voted infj based on my current partner . based on mutual attraction , compatability and ease of communication and understanding . we share artistic tastes and pursuits and rarely disagree . we both ... thanks perseus ! i have my moments . : laughing : i left law for many reasons . some of which i am only beginning to understand now . primarily it was a bad match for my personality . i found it ... i like these . the painting reminds me of an aubrey beardsley style drawing with l'autrec colour . do you like symboliist art ? both are very atmospheric . : happy : hi tmonkey ! : happy : wow perseus you surprised me ! i have just done your test and i had no idea which a and b represented which made it a fair test : confused : . it took me a while to find out ! anyhoo my result was ; ... thank you becky ! it's funny and i guess i haven't thought about it before but your comment made me realise that i do paint in a masculine way . i don't know why . i think i like bold expressive work ... thank you all so much for the positive comments . i really appreciate them . i love lucien freud . i prefer the approach that tries to bring out the subject's character in the paint strokes ! prob why ... i'm not sure if you are talking about your partner or son here . i have an infp son and an intp ( i think ) ex husband . my ex acts in a very detatched way towards my son that makes my son feel ... hi . i did a degree in comparative english and european literature . it was a wonderful course , with four core subjects a year . from memory the first year covered the epic tradition ( homer , virgil , ... i've just tentatively typed my eldest son as an infp and it fits him like a glove . he's been drawn tot he paino since he was very little and been learning it since he was seven . his teacher ... i left law and found myself drawn to art . i've been painting as a hobby for around 5 years and am fascinated by figurative work . it is a real passion and i love faces and feel compelled to try and ... flip ! hey i guess there area lot of variables . i've been with my infj partner for 5 years . the attraction was immediate and has lasted . we have so much in common that it seemed uncanny at first ... isfp agnostic atheist . agnostic to the extent that non existence is not provable . atheist to the extent that the undeniable overwhelming evidential probability is that god / s do not exist . unable to ... good question . i enjoyed guessing my family with the 4 magic questions thread . 4 magic questions , to determine someones type on the sly . hi . : happy : well they both seem nice types ! : happy : hi there , nice specs ! : happy : i older brother .. enfj . a helicopter pilot in the navy . oops actually seems i'm a 6 enneagram . at last on a detailed test . prob 6w5 which is a scary combination ! help ! hallway almost done.just need more paint . thanks for the hellos . hi ! i'm new and an isfp too . nice to meet you . : happy : my partner is an infj . i feel truly at ease with him . our similarities are numerous . he is difficult and pleasing him can be hard but he is so giving and physically affectionate that it makes up for ... thanks miamano ! i can see it's got quite a lot of debate there . i'll be delving in when i can , but for now i'm decorating my hallway ! this is quite a good distraction during my breaks . i love blues ... many thanks everyone for the welcomes . i've learned to press the thanks button but no idea what it does nor am i sure what this gold thing is yet . how on earth do you tip gold to a robot ? why ? i ... thank you for the welcomes . seems like an interesting place to explore . already read some interesting articles . good to meet you . : laughing : hi everyone . i have been fascinated to discover my type and it now all seems to fit so well . i felt squashed by law , as if my sense of self had been destroyed . i actually became physically ill ...