' intp female . most : entj , estj , enfj least : isfp , esfp , estp luhan is too quiet and shy for a fe-dom , in my opinion . also , being humble depends on the person , you will find arrogant esfjs and humble istps . actually , my istp friend is kinda sociable and very ... i made a mistake , sorry . i actually see kai as an isfp too > u < i just changed it ^ ^ you can read about ti-doms a bit here ... intp female . masculine : 49.167 feminine : 57.5 androgynous : 57.5 here are my guesses for exo . suho - isxj baekhyun - estp chanyeol - estx d . o - intj kai - istp sehun - isfp xiumin - istx i can only see it as white and gold , and it doesn't matter how much i try , i just can't see it black and blue . : unsure : when i'm with people i don't know / i'm not comfortable with , i'm very cold and i look almost unapproachable to the point i've been told many times that the first time they saw me they were scared of ... istp , estp , isfj and estj . i absolutely adore them , but i feel i need more intuitives in my life :( zeke i look like an ordinary human . i have to blend in . : ninja : zeke oh , it's super fun . but i can't say anything more about it lol . : cool : yeah , i don't feel excluded for once . thank you . i used to like to write journals when i was a kid , now i'm too lazy for that ( and the last times i did it , i was not free from an uncomfortable feeling everytime i reread something i wrote , it's ... my older brother is an intp , and i haven't seen a better brother-sister relationship than ours . we literally never fight , even disagreeing is uncommon , because one of us usually ends up saying ... i'm an intp but i cry damn easily . and i hate crying in front of other people but most of the time i can't hold back my tears . fortunately , life so far has been generous with me so i don't deal ... yeah , it's true . still , it's somewhat dislikeable when someone uses mbti to justify themselves in these cases . intuitive here . i don't get it either . and that was rude : frustrating : pretty clean and organized . even though there seems to be some relation between tidiness and personality type , it's not 100 % accurate , and it's weird how both my brother and i are intps but i'm ... someone that truly respects me and respects himself ( on his own terms , of course ) . and yes , it would bother me . most likely i wouldn't even consider him a potential mate . in . i may doubt about my thinking or perceiving sides sometimes , but i'm definitely introverted and intuitive . in venezuela ? maybe if you're rich . with this ridiculous price control , inflation , and many other things , a couple living with one income it's a dream unless you're willing to cut some of your ... some do , some don't ... well , everybody lies . the only way to know for sure is knowing the woman really well , maybe even asking her about it . otherwise you'll keep on formulating different theories ... no . i'm only close to my grandmothers ; one of them is probably an esfj . i don't know about the other one . my two parents are sensors ( istj , estp ) , but both my brother and i are intuitives ( intp , infp ) . i have no idea . definitely . honestly , i'm not interested in 99 % of the guys i meet . and well , i don't think is a coincidence that my country is basically like a esxp heaven . it's hard to find here someone that ... type : manifesting generator profile : 6 / 2 definition : split definition inner authority : emotional - solar plexus strategy : to respond theme : frustration incarnation cross : left angle cross of ... i thought chameleon-effect was something more situational and social , while this is deeper and more personal . i mean , i'm not organized only when my father is around , for example . and i don't think ... i have never tested as an istj . however , at first i was tested as an intj . my father is a [ very obvious ] istj , and he's the closest thing to a role model in my life . he's awesome , really . and it's ... intp - 594 5-9- 4 / sp 594 : accepting and intuitive 5 . most sensitive and withdrawn 5 , especially if self-preserving . tends to be remote . 5-9- 4 : reclusive , modest , discreet and quite dreamy and ... probably contradictory . most people get bewildered when they meet me , simply because they try to do exactly this - define me , understand me or put me in some kind “ category ” . am i serious , boring ? ... you - intp your spouse - entj one child - entp three good friends - infp , isfj , intj one business partner - enfj one person you employ - istj one person who looks after your child's pony - infj ... 1 . do you make friends easily with other intps ? i haven't met one yet , but probably yes . 2 . what personality type is your favorite friend ( or friend that you like to chat with and hang out with ... if it doesn't affect me , then i don't care . still , of course , i would prefer the company of people whose beliefs aren't too deep or intense , because i would feel uncomfortable since i'm not really ... yes , at least in my experience . in general , women are expected to be more sensitive and caring , and being a thinker ( especially a ti dom ) some people can be pretty surprised with my coldness . for the ... in my head , yes , all the time . outwardly , sometimes . i'm usually patient . welcome ! i'm a 16 year old intp girl ^ ^ i hope you have a great time at perc ! i met an entp a few months ago . he has a quirky sense of humor that even scares people sometimes , but he's a genious . hello ! welcome ^ ^ in days when i'm relaxed , probably one or two hours . in days when i'm stressed or i'm engaged in some project , up to 6 hours more or less . ... and that happens exactly because of what epicglitch ... does everyone understand what i'm talking about ? no ? no problem ! i can explain it to you from a to z . welcome , fellow intp ! ^ ^ my mother is probably an istp . my father is so istj it hurts . i think the one that really influenced me in my personality is my father . mostly in the judging traits ; i'm a really organized person ... you sound like an intp to me . but you said that is the type ( between intp , intj and infj ) you feel less identified with ... may i ask why ? which aspects of the intp personality differ from yours ? dear istp friend , please let me know you better . sincerely , your frustrated intp friend . wow , you know so much about the new trends ! how can you know so many people ? why do you talk so much ? i am quite tidy . i had the same question as you , is it even possible for an intp to be this organized .. ? because of that , i tested as an intj at first . i really like organizing and classifying my ... cool ! ...  ... wow . i feel the intensity . well , we have some sane differences . i do see my lack of social understanding as an issue . i don ’ t want to change it completely , though – i just want to find a balance , but it requires me some effort ... there was a time when i was careless about things too ( i still am with some things ) . well , it's not actually that i didn't care , but more like i didn't understand . but i'm just too interested to ... yes , it is ! and people think i ’ m a weirdo or even think i ’ m rude . meanwhile , i ’ m internally frustrated . and yeah , we ’ re way too awesome . i ’ m not really into movies , sorry ! but thanks for the ... '