exactly ! everyone around us tells girls not to get raped . as little girls we are bombarded with ' safety tips ' to help us prevent rape ( not going out at night , never going anywhere alone , walking ... for me , i'm only flaky if it's not hurting others . if it's affecting other people in a negative way , if someone is truly relying on me then i would never back out . what the actual fuck ? it's not women's responsibility to make sure they don't get raped . and no , they aren't asking for it if they are drunk . please stop posting here because your words are an ... no , because at the time i didn't realize what was happening , and i didn't realize the seriousness of the situation . i forgot about it for awhile and didn't think about it until a few years ago . my ... i appreciate your kind words , but i think most women realize that not all men are like that . the scary thing is , not all ' nice guys ' can be trusted . people tend to place rapists in boxes , equate them ... when i was 4 or 5 , my dads girlfriend was having a party . all of the adults were downstairs , and i was upstairs with her sons who were at least 4 years old than me . they had there friends there , and ... sadly , i think no matter where you live , women go through this a lot . that's why when men don't understand feminism , or talk about mens rights , i get mad because i've been experiencing things like ... ideas fuelled by intense emotion usually compel me to create , most of the time i write poetry or collage . sometimes i will just be looking around me and will see something interesting and relate it ... true , but experimenting is different then wanting to actually date girls . also , bi girls are only more accepted because people usually don't take our sexualities seriously . guy's think it's hot that ... no , female infps and male infps both have their challenges . and i'm a female infp , and unless you're a super outgoing girl , most guys won't bother talking to you unless you're super attractive . i ... i read because it's enjoyable for me . so if i don't enjoy a book , then it would be pointless for me to read it . then again , there are some novels that , although i don't like them , keep me interested ... tired , burdened , hopeful , excited , annoyed , sweaty , lazy i don't think it's an ' error ' because most people don't base their feelings of love off of someone due to their looks . you can't fall in love with the way someone looks , you fall in love with that ... the older i get , the less ' overly nice ' i'm becoming . before , like the other answerer said , i used it to navigate social situations and wasn't really comfortable with who i was , and wasn't ... wait , are you saying it's impossible for anyone to fall in love with a fat person ? that's obviously not true , because it happens all the time , haven't you ever found someone average looking , and then ... actually , no . although on the surface i appear to be feminine ( although my femininity somehow seems different from stereotypical ' girly girls ' ) i often think of myself as having more masculine ... i've experienced this my whole life . i'm not a loud or obnoxious person , so when i do manage to speak up in class the teachers will oftentimes ignore me , even if they can hear me . the one's who get ... i am obsessed with haruki murakami , and his ' never let me go ' is probably one of my favourite books ! i will definitely check out the other suggestions you listed since you seem to have good taste aha . my mom says this to me all the time , if i try pointing out her harmful behaviour , she will either start yelling or crying about how no one loves her , and how i don't appreciate all of the things ... why are you so quiet / weird ? what is wrong with you ? and like the other poster said , infps , at least in my own experience , are hyper aware of their shortcomings and flaws . so when someone else ... ... ok , well your opinion of bisexuals has no bearing on my own sexuality . if i tell someone i'm bisexual , i expect my identity to be taken seriously , and not some ploy for attention because i'm ... one's that invoke strong emotion , one's that make me laugh , cry , make me horrified , scared or feel personally for the main characters . i love a book that sucks me into it's world as if i were in it ... i do agree , esfjs can be very warm , caring and nurturing . but sometimes it seems fake , because they aren't always like this , only when you are on their good side and are agreeing with them about ... yeah , same . although i love feminine clothing , it's not the stereotypical clothing that is ' girly ' , more of like something you found in your grandmas / grandpas closet that has lace on it lol . i adore ... although i am an introvert , i need to have an equal amount of socializing and time spent alone . if i don't talk to any of my friends for a few days i become really anxious and insecure , which is ... i do agree that infps are good conversationalists , but not because we are more ' deep and interesting ' . i think it's because we genuinely care about what people have to say . i know for myself , i love ... i think a lot of infps may have traits similar to some disorders , but i don't think it means that we actually have them . i think the difference is that although our behaviour is inclined to certain ... i'm majoring in sociology , but generally i'm interested in most social sciences and i love learning about ' underground ' history . i think infps would be good researchers if we are researching ... yeah , i definitely agree that it is a symptom , not a disorder . at the time i was anxious and depressed following a bad drug experience which sort of made me take a look at my life and made me ... i agree with you , because a lot of guys do have this attitude of deserving you , and if you don't give them more they will call you a bitch or just stop being friends with you . the reason why it's not ... wait , are you trying to say that what i said was dumb ? because you basically just agreed with me s : . i know you probably meant no harm in this , but i'm a bisexual girl and i cannot tell you how many times i've had that said to me . it's infuriating to not have your sexuality taken seriously just ... in theory it sounds nice , but i don't think i could handle dating an infp . i have a few infp friends and although we like eachother it's hard for us to get close since we are so introverted . i feel ... i love learning and intellectual discussions , just not about things that are ' pointless ' . i think i lean more towards philosophical conversations , or things that actually have an impact on the world ... oh yes , i've experienced this before . it was actually quite scary , and i don't think it's a disorder unless it's a constant thing you know ? it's like anxiety , something a lot of people experience ... sometimes i do question my sanity since i'm so ' abonormal ' compared to most people , but really people who have weird interests and hobbies are the most interesting and fun to be around ! so don't feel ... oh , sorry ! i meant to disagree with the person who said that mbti should be used to generalize . i adore clothing and use it as a means to express myself . i love vintage clothing , hippie and boho inspired looks . i don't usually wear any outrageous outfits though . my clothing is pretty low key , ... there is a difference between changing your behaviour slightly around certain people to form more of a connection with them , and completely disregarding all of your values just so others will like ... i disagree with you . although you can generalize to a certain extent , everyone is a unique individual regardless of their personality type . i am friends with 3 infps as well as being one myself and i ... i'm very childlike , but at the same time very mature for my age . sometimes i feel like a mixture between a 6 year old and a 80 year old all at once haha . i can act very silly and innocent , and other ... this happens to me all of the time . it's like , people can't hear me or something , even when i say it really loud , or they're just intentionally ignoring me haha . yeah this is true for me too . sometimes i will be drawn to certain people without ever having talked to them , just because i can sense something i can't quite put my finger on . like , i will just feel ... what attracts me to a person is kindness , openness and a sense that they won't judge me and will accept me for who i am , ( even if they don't understand me ) . as well , someone who knows who they are ... i don't trust myself to drive , i get so anxious and i feel like i'm not completely in control of the vehicle . i'm just starting to practice driving and when i'm nervous i tend to speed up . but my ... my cousin who i am really close to is enfj , infp , my best friend is an infj , and my other two close friends are istp , and es ? p . my parents who i don't get along with at all are isfj and entj . omg a similar thing happened to me when i was really young too ! my babysitter would always make me rub her dirty feet , and she would take her shirt off and make me rub her back with lotion . this ... if no one is taking leadership , i will usually be the first to decide something . but if there are others willing to take on the role , i will always go along with them , unless something they are doing ... i take rejection horribly if i really care about or invested a lot of time in someone / something . whether it be from friends , love interests , jobs , etc . i seem to take everything so so personally , and ...