' laying in the bed forever makes me feel like a complete loser . so i turn autopilot mode instead and get things done while having to deal with frustrating mistakes . i'm not okay and i don't know why . i'm stupid . my self doubt and insecurity are secretly killing me . there , i said it . like what everyone has already implied , mbti is about your thought processes . environmental influences however will give a different flavor in how you will manifest your cognitive processes and will ... it's actually pretty common for entjs to ' avoid people ' since their dominant function isn't really about relating to people in a traditional sense . the way they express their extroverted tendencies ... i don't think what you wrote here really helps in narrowing down your type . you really can't talk about yourself in a broad manner and expect people to help you find your type . you have to be asked ... you know what , i too lack the social skills and desire for external power . i grew up in a circumstance that developed my social anxiety . however i am working on building my confidence and extroverted ... :) it's interesting how many people can't accept that extjs can still be nice , kind , and gentle at times ... ( imo , any types can be . i don't see why they can't ) some of the sweetest , most loving , and ... your scores are : care 91.7 % fairness 97.2 % loyalty 47.2 % authority 61.1 % purity 69.4 % liberty 66.7 % your strongest moral foundation is fairness . your morality is closest to that of a ... got intj ... type : 8 tritype : 837/873 interesting . i took it again and got type : 7 tritype : 738/783 which is what i identify with . it's been a while , perc ... i'm planning to take business management or administration . i'm planning to take the business path , however , math hasn't been good to me . i just can't worry about the formulas in finding the area or perimeter of a triangle or a rectangle . factoring and all ... how silly i was .. lol i'm literally feeling less intelligent now actually ... happy af alright , another day , another chance to change . ... worn out . hmm ... compassion and kindness are needed . however , kindness should not be given to the point of spoiling someone . the type of kindness should be the one that will help people with self-growth and ... welcome , kogamori ! just wondering , how long did it take you to find out what your type was for sure ? was it easy or did you have to read a lot and introspect a lot before you could conclude that ... hey welcome ! it's good to have you in this information and knowledge sharing community . hello and welcome . i hope you enjoy your stay here . as far as your type is concerned , a lot of people get confused between intj and infj and justify their types by saying oh i'm an intj ... gender : female age : 22-32 intelligence : superior openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : istp closest alternative we found : isfp lol no starting from my age it already messed up :P it's not that i want to have the emotional connection , i just want acknowledgement ... especially from that person ... i don't know , i'm confused . i don't really know exactly what it is that i want ... i just realized that ignoring doesn't really mean solving . i ignored a big hole in my heart . i tried forgetting about it because i didn't know what puzzle piece fit right into it and where to find ... it's okay . i know what you mean and it's reasonable to be fine with people being wrong with something they obviously know nothing about : happy : i would rather say code geass avatar rather than anime because i'm not really a fan of anime in general and i don't find them interesting unless there's something i specifically find interesting . drunk parrot i'm tired of forever questioning . i'll just settle for a while and see what happens . enneagram kinda messed up it up for me . well , i've been typless for a good amount of time before . i asked helped in typing myself because my self awareness is trash . i have feelings and care about what i sense in the world . i think and ... being a teenager is weird ... really weird ... i feel like i have lost a lot of things that mattered a lot to me , because i didn't give efforts into keeping them . i may not be an entj but i have almost similar values as most of the ones in here integrity / sincerity , trust and loyalty . okay so i'm actually really frustrated with myself . i feel so worthless and stupid ... i think i'm annoyed . overloaded by thoughts and the world . i'm actually both . i try to think of other possibilities and do the deduction method to come to the best one . i am not that fast with brainstorming , but if there's a basis idea , i can just refine to ... kitty 23 ok then . i'll trust your post above this time . i think i'll go with entp ... although still not sure about ne , ni , and se so i guess i should figure out first if i prefer te or ti and this is kinda tricky because i seem to switch between them . i'll also talk about some p / j points . like te , i like organizing things ... i've read the first link and i see myself acting on inferior se , si , fi and fe ... although not as much with si . the only thing that i agree with it is how i always feel like the same bad things ... requesting prayers for peace of mind and clarity . lately i've been dealing with a lot of mental / abstract stuff including what i believe in and who i really am . i am not a strong believer but for ... full of frustration . just a bump . also hoping for jinsei to see this ... i'm just really bad when it comes to the typical socialization . every time i engage into a conversation , i start talking about things that other people aren't interested in . then they start talking ... kitty 23 thanks for sharing your analysis . most of the things you said here were somehow surprising . some of them i never thought of ( especially the fe in scenario one , i've never thought of that ... would you mind telling me how you got to that conclusion ? i am somehow confused why i seem like an introvert to many people . it's not that i know i'm not an introvert , but there are a lot of ... most likely to look obviously / outwardly jealous : exfj of course , that's only by stereotype as of now , i think i have finally settled in a good state of mind unlike before , when a lot of things happened . i wanna try this one more time and see if things will work out this time . after the ... ... let's just say i accidentally exposed a very personal secret of mine to some of my classmates . really stupid . '