' friend : so , you haven't been to the new office yet ! me : no . i was planning to go to the grand opening but . . . something happened . friend : you really need to work on your social excuses . ... sense of humor is important . laughing with my partner is right up there with sexual pleasure among my fondest moments . and not just her laughing at what i say , but joining in the back and forth . i ... so , i'm an intj and i just had a dating experience with a confirmed enfp . first night we met for a drink . very nice . i liked her easy laugh and energy . second date was dinner . more of the same . ... the one infp i know pretty well is not smiley , although she has a kind of reflexive half-smile . she has a remarkably non-expressive face now that i think of it . when i cause her to really smile or ... in my profile i didn't indicate any preference for a particular species . intjs , at least the mature and healthy ones , are actually very open to being corrected . here's why : intjs spend an enormous amount of time and energy constructing an internal conceptual model of the ... double post having a brief email chat with a new acquaintance on a dating site ( my first foray into that scene ) . she is middle-age , never married , no children and doesn't want any , advanced degree and career in ... here are some things i would do if i had it to do over again ( or if i am ever with another infj ): 1 . if possible , never communicate on any sensitive issue other than in person . 2 . never joke ... i had a long-term romantic relationship with an infj . overall , i would not call her an asshole at all , not to anyone . people that she judged to be flawed in some offensive way she simply avoided or ... i don't much like the term mastermind for intjs . i think it implies a desire to control people or for self-aggrandizement and i don't think most intjs are interested in that at all . they might be ... i would be very welcoming to any input from my partner as to what she liked - as long as it didn't become a constant harangue . but some simple suggestions as to what you like ? please , yes . that is ... regardless of their personality type , people tend to accumulate emotional scar tissue over time . a history of traumas , large and small , leave reactive patterns in the nervous system that can be ... mindfulness - typical in the sense that it is system optimizing / hacking woodworking with traditional hand tools and methods - probably not typical reading about physics , history , and mythology - ... emit guttural sound of surprise then deploy cloaking device . but seriously , although i have had many lovers , i can't remember a single instance when someone said a romantic i love you to me ... i have only anecdotal evidence . but i find it compelling . the descriptions of the intj type fit me perfectly . other people of other types i have encouraged to take the test have often been ... might i ask why you care about sticking the relationship in a pigeon hole with a label on it ? she is obviously skittish about being pinned down to some concept of a relationship but is obviously not ... i would suggest that you not look at every date as a scouting mission for the one . lighten up and go have some fun . the more people you meet , the better your chances of meeting an interesting ... stay friends with her , but back off on the time commitment , knock off the touchy stuff and the goo goo eyes , start dating other people for real , don't hide the fact from her that you are dating other ... i have a broad range of interests and have had careers in science ( chemist ) and something more like philosophy ( lawyer ) . now my primary interest is in mindfulness , which is a kind of subjective ... to penetrate as deeply as possible into the truth of the way in which self and world manifest . stated differently , to explore the essence of existence itself . i can speak for myself and say the following : 1 . i am oblivious to any subtle signals of attraction . this has caused me much regret , sometimes years later , when i realized what i missed . 2 ... it seems to indicate an unhealthy attachment to the illusion of permanence . great question , op . i am attracted to infxs but i have not thought about why . they do tend to arouse a protective instinct in me . and they don't trigger my argumentative side because they really ... i have a saying : tact is the companion virtue to honesty . tact , and the ability to know when the stark truth is harmful , are bits of wisdom intjs learn over time ( or not ) of course . because if they were wrong about something they would change their analysis . so if they claim to know something , they do , to the very best of their considerable analytical ability given ... i think you are too focused on how your intj feels and wanting him to share that information with you . that's probably not going to be the best way to relate to him . it is likely to be awkward . ... i will make one more post to this thread and then move on . first , let's review . i pointed out the paradox that people who cannot be trusted to govern themselves cannot be trusted to govern each ... undoubtedly you will be the arbiter of who these elite rulers will be ? hehehehe . your suggestion doesn't appall me , it just lacks rational rigor and is based on the typical kind of elitism ... advocates of all-powerful governments always seem to assume that it will be their superior morality and plan for the future that the proposed government will impose . i suggest that is an assumption ... who told you intjs don't have emotion ? i experience a wide range of emotion with great depth . i just don't make decisions based on emotion . and my analysis here is perfectly rational . although ... if people are not moral enough to govern themselves , how can they govern each other ? we may be in agreement that people need to change . and i do my best to facilitate that change . where we probably disagree is that i do not think i have the right to use force to make people ... i didn't respond to your scenarios and you didn't respond to the paradox i presented . that is because you have accepted the idea of government by violence as necessary and i reject it as immoral and ... if people are not fit to govern themselves , they are not fit to govern each other . there are no top-down solutions to our problems . if there is to be real change , it must come from the bottom up ... not true . employees in a business participate in that social structure by consent . if they don't like it , they can leave . presumably your world government will enforce its rule by threat of ... government as it now exists everywhere on the planet is based on the threat of violence . obey or whatever force is necessary will be used to make you obey . thus , the essence of government is ... you are facing a paradox . your underlying assumption ( which may be correct ) is that people are either , on the one hand , too ignorant and incompetent , or on the other hand , too avaricious and ... an objective look at history shows governments to be , without any doubt or even close competitor , the most violent , brutal , ruthless , and relentlessly self-serving and murderous entities that have ... i think you will have to define feminist . and that might not be so easy . i enjoy knocking down unstable conceptual structures . it's a public service . this service is not always appreciated . i really enjoy trying to do it with the least possible words , like a diamond ... i didn't deviate , but i wasn't clear . my point , made obliquely i admit , was that your theory for proving hillary is an intj is that it is less likely that she lied about her typing than about her ... i think i will pass on the grounds that we are off topic . but i will be happy to follow this up in a new thread if you want to start one ! so she lied about why she changed parties . okay . hard to sort the lies sometimes . i have a good sense of direction and mapping . but if i am a passenger in a vehicle , i will not be able to retrace the path we travel . i have to be focusing on it to store it . yes , i have said twice that hillary might still be an intj if her letter regarding party change was a lie . but if everything she says and does can be regarded as a fabrication then there is no way ... sorry , but you are going to have to define your terms . what do you mean by passionate ? as i understand the concept , i am not passionate about anything . there are many subjects in which i am ... i strongly disagree . while i think human beings , in general , are often driven by unconscious emotions , intjs actually do make decisions based on what they think about a problem and the possible ... did you read what i wrote ? i can confidently conclude that hillary is not an intj because her reasons for changing party , by her own statement , were emotional . end of analysis . unless , as i ... this is natural . for most of us the only time in our whole lives that we are perfectly still is when we are going to sleep . so our bodies are conditioned to start going to sleep when we sit still . ... '