' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JPIhUaONiLU i love his voice . yeah as terrified as i am for my future i don't think i have a reason i should aside from financial scares in the future . i work with children for a living and i'm going to school for early childhood ... i haven't been active on this website in such a long time . sometimes i wonder if its because i took in all the information worth reading and then afterwards everything started to feel repetitive to ... dear grandpa , you saw all three of us graduate from high school , and seen us move onto adult-life . you met someone i'd like to keep around forever . you will never be forgotten , grandpa . i'm ... i haven't been on this website in such a long time ! for anyone that remembers my face , here's an update ! i'm all the way to the left with the huge ' ol grin . 350962 it's really annoying when i buy something from best buy , check the order status , and then i'm directed to a temporarily unavailable page . ughgdsgggjkgf :( american horror story ! i miss you ! hurry up ! i have a feeling that it might suck and they use the characters crazy appearances to make up for it . hopefully i'm wrong . dear kevin , in heaven there is no beer , that's why we drink it here ! ;) sincerely , nicole i'm in the middle : kitteh : http://i60.tinypic.com/i5av61.jpg it's always uncomfortable to stumble upon your famous cousins body online by accident . blakhhchhh : shocked : i hate that i can tell my best friend is dying on the inside at the fact she thinks i'm jealous of her right now . : | i'm not . this picture pretty much sums up our relationship : crazy : 179562 i'm growing impatient . accidentally touched my eye with my finger that touched a measuring spoon ... that touched cheyenne pepper ... lol . my eye is very pink , full of tears , and it burns so bad . lmaooo 175698 this is the only picture i've successfully taken of them without looking away , blinking it's eyes , or moving around . i look really rough but this is a picture of my two rescued kittens , rosco ... dear ben , i couldn't fall asleep because all i could think about was you stuck in infantry . is it selfish of me to say i hope they question your mentality ? i'm terrified . i know people say you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ZrDnF6xyVU :) i really love the way kat dahlia sounds . ok double post .. first time i've ever posted a picture twice in one day ... so remember me saying i have two kittens ? i'm trying to watch netflix on my computer before i go to bed . if they ... 171546 my lil baby rosco ! i rescued two kittens that were abandoned by their mom . i posted a picture awhile ago of his sister ... anyway ... i loveee him ! he's so sweet . when you get something off your chest about someone directly and you instantly hate yourself afterwards . not because you regret what you just said out loud for the first time . it's because as you ... i went as batgirl a few years ago . i would probably go with that . :) my dad treated me really weird . he looked at me as his favorite , daddy's girl , but was ready to hurt me as hard as he could ( mentally ) whenever i did anything he didn't like . no matter how ... i laugh a lot when i'm mad and people are treating my responses and reactions like i'm joking around . it's not the catty sarcastic laughter either . it's just me laughing really hard lol . or when i'm ... every person who was or still is in my inner circle is breaking my heart right now . the scary part is they all fail to see this , and if they did they will ignore me until i'm happy again . : sad : dear kelly , i'm fighting to keep you in my life more than you could ever imagine . you're not giving me enough to hold onto anymore . one day i will look at you the exact way i look at them . it's ... i had one of the worst birthdays of my entire life yesterday . time to crawl back into my shell and hibernate until i find a reason to leave . which i highly doubt will happen . i don't even know . it depends on the person . i just know that it's easy to break trust and it's hard to build trust . confrontation sucks , but i personally need them to say sorry , own up to ... scandal can be too much for me sometimes , but i can't stop watching ! i've always been surrounded by both . around the time i was 14 signs of cat allergies were forming . i've always loved dogs more but i still love cats too . if it was up to me i would've gotten a dog ... 1 . criminal minds 2 . scandal 3 . south park 4 . family guy 5 . law and order not only do i feel like i have bad luck , but crazy people usually gravitate towards me as if i'm one of them . yes , we're all a little crazy in our own ways , but not so crazy that people avoid me at ... dear person , i feel like you're only doing the things you do because no one you genuinely like is blowing your phone up like you'd hope for . you're settling for anything that comes your way at ... i don't even knoow . but thanks ! :) okay , this is tmi . but it's a random thoughts thread , right ? recently i moved into a place above the building i'll be working at in a really bad part of the city .. i have been listening to a ... 147049 excuse me for how rough i'm looking today lol . i just wanted to show off my lunalove ! shes one of the two kittens i rescued a week ago . she's just as white as me : laughing : childish gambino's recent album on spotify . :) my responses to both of these could be very wrong . how do the people you know describe your personality ? weird . funny ( lol jk but not really if this is true ) . paranoid . obnoxious . good listener ... i officially own to baby kittens . they were abandoned by their mom and i didn't have the heart to just take one . i'm soo happy i did it . keep in mind that everyone has their own story of struggles . treat others how you want to be treated . i like to bounce around and sing along to music at the top of my lungs . if i'm in a crowd of people packed in like sardines i know they're not focused on me . i've only actually danced danced like ... i can't believe maya angelou died today . someone i knew in high school died today too , from cancer . wow . lmao ! ! ! i think she would've been cuter if she didn't make the mistake of having implants in her butt . maybe if she didn't have a terrible choice in clothes she would've looked more pleasant too . whenever fate decides i should become pregnant , i hope i look as cute as mila kunis right now ! except i'm never going to be an oz close to what she has lmao . i can only dreammm ... i'd consider myself feminine , but at the same time my sense of humor is considered guy humor and i'm not very lady-like with mannerisms at times ... i'd list a few examples but i'm not trying to ... i love writing notes . i'm very particular about them as well . i feel like writing them down really imprints what i'm learning into my mind . i can remember things only by doing that . i understand ... i'm so nervous ! i'm taking two exams today . i haven't taken college exams for about three years . i hope i do well . i'm in school currently for early childhood education , currently an assistant teacher or lead depending on the shift of kids . i'm slowly switching into the director position which is like a daycare ... i hardly talk to anyone on there . for the last few months my phone has been turned off and i am barely home to use a computer anymore . i typically just used my account whenever i had wifi connected ... i'm scared of how much trust others can have in me . i don't mind it , but i'm scared because if i consider a person to be bad or wrong i will easily manipulate them and they won't even know . a lot ... '