' i'm afraid to share because i know how anxious i am , and it's hard sometimes for me to tell what's an unhealthy attachment , and what's something i should actually be upset about . i usually err on the ... fearful avoidant , i believe . i've been seeing him for almost three months , without any defined relationship status . the biggest red flag is that whenever we have sex ( which has been twice ) , i'll hear ... ( meant to reply in quote ) i'm currently seeing a guy who i am pretty sure is an enfp ( though it took me a while to really peg his functions ) , who seems to have an avoidant attachment style , while i am an infj with an anxious ... i used to be much more upset over doing what i wanted to do in life versus what i had to do to get by . i think we nfs tend to have special snowflake syndrome when it comes to stuff like that , and ... possibly , but i'm really not comfortable with anyone enough to do that . prolonged eye contact feels too intimate for me , and i can literally feel my muscles tense up if i hold it for more than a few ... hate is a strong word , but i really really really don't like you ! this lyric just about sums it up . i can't hate , but i can despise . i attempt to act normal and hope to god they notice that i like them , because it is impossible for me to flirt if i actually like you . absolutely , yes . anything that is mentally and emotionally stimulating with a dash of comedy is a good date for me ! also , i think a lot of infjs are secret smokers . i'm not sure why , but i'd pick ... exactly ! everything is clean , but it's also everywhere . i've never seen someone with fi have facials like that before , lol ! same here , hers are the most active i've ever seen on a person ! i was just wondering because my mouth also gets all contorted when i talk , but mine's a result of trying to talk while suppressing a smile . windblownhair to you tend to smile a lot while talking ? though i have the cognitive functions of an infj , i used to take personality tests as a teen and scored infp because i could never tick the yes boxes when it came to being organized and tidy . i ... i grew up in two houses with entities in them , and i've had some psychic incidences before . it was so real that it left me with ptsd ( professionally diagnosed ) and depression at very young age ... lugria that's the thing , i don't see an abundance fe in you , but fi . you seem to be so in tune with yourself , and you have such a vivid internal world . look up what fi is , you are almost a ... could you fill out one of the questionnaires ? :) i definitely think you're an infp . most likely not an xnfj . i'd bet money that charlie is an infp . jack howard is maybe an estp ? only when i'm listening can i do that at all , and not for very long , as it can be overwhelming . ti makes it nearly impossible for me to maintain eye contact while conversing . my eyes are mimicking me ... i think it's a bs stereotype , to be honest . if anything , we try to fix things for too long , and end up getting so hurt that we cannot physically allow ourselves to care anymore . our resources have ... you wild , unkempt heathen , you ! imho , my writing style shows off my function stack . if i'm stressed , i get all ni-ti , and my sentences look kind of hemingway-esque in that they're short and to the point , with a heavy drizzling of ... an enfp or entp . enfps are fun , entps are hilarious . i would be entertaining myself for hours . so , i've only ever met one other infj , and i was surprised at how much we both express emotion with our eyebrows . i mean , like , the entirety of externally visible fe is coming out of those ... she's probably an isfj if she doesn't find the idea of being an infj to be repulsive . there's no way in sweet hades that an infj could type as an esfj . none . also , cognitive functions > mbti test i'm of the belief that we're born with a disposition , but not necessarily a personality in the way the mbti defines it . i think we're very influenced by the environment around us as well as our own ... would this be unusual for an infj to experience this after a period of not really knowing how they feel ? i sometimes can't tell how i feel ( not think ) about situations until they subconsciously ... they're too dismissive of fe and ti for me . if you don't play exactly by their rules , then you must be a simpleton . not an american liberal . one cannot honestly look at human nature and believe it to be capable of the utopian society that must be present for things such as socialism to work . we wish it could , ... early 20 ' s . i was often typed as an infp or intp as a teen , neither of which match me cognitively . i am constantly reading in the forums about how infjs and entps tend to do rather well together , and i must admit that if there is any type that can get me hot and flustered in the best kind of way , ... i actually go and watch a lot of improv comedy . i apparently like to watch others do what i can't . honestly , jay is probably going to leave both of you alone . he might have chosen you because of the nf connection , but the messy situation shot that whole thing down . we hate conflict , and though he ... imho , it depends whether you're dealing with fe or fi . just a generalization , but those with fi tend to be way less courteous than those with fe , in my experience . everything is about how they feel . i personally think you sound more like an infp , but everyone's a little different . as someone who believes themselves to be an infj , i don't have trouble explaining things in factual ways as much as ... yes , actually . i'd believed for years i was another type until i familiarized myself with functions , then i realized i wasn't that type at all ! why do you feel like we struggle so much with these ... the number 47 comes up in my life all the time . and here we see the alpha male , quietly asserting his dominance over unsuspecting passersby ... it really depends on who i'm talking to . generally , i make eye contact when listening or saying something regarding emotions . when i'm trying to describe something or when something is being ... that's not a doorslam , you're overanalysing it . as long as you've done nothing to betray him , he'll probably welcome you back into his life . just go slowly at first ; he has to get used to the idea of ... i sometimes consider it because i can't seem to find a place where i feel any sense of belonging or purpose , and that i've somehow lost my talents and intelligence to soul-sucking depression . i ... depression , add , and social anxiety . though , i do think my social anxiety is directly related to my depression . i feel as though i might project my poor self-image when depressed , believing that ... i get along best with nt types , and most nt types are males . thank you so much for your time , garnet ! i found what you've written especially interesting because i've never typed as anything but an n in any online quiz i've ever taken , and my estj mother and i ... i've been trying to determine my true type by studying the functions . unfortunately , i began to do this by going function by function , not fully understanding the concept of stacks . i came up with ... '