' haha , i always think of it as needing to be literally hit over the head with a blunt object , as well :P moving can drive me insane ... my last move put me out of commission for about half a year . stresses me out , but it may have just been the fact i don't like this city , and am unhappy to be back :P i ... wallow & drink ask him out ! as an isfj man , i need to be practically hit over the head . and i'm not sure if that's totally an isfj thing , or a male thing , or maybe just a human thing . i'm getting slightly better at ... i flip flop ... sometimes more with close acquaintances , sometimes more with strangers . sometimes i'm mush in relation to either :P i'm normally pretty good with confronting situations full of ... man , i'm the opposite ! at least if i'm taking the picture . if i look away , normally i just look fucked . i'll chime in . i am currently 22 . last week i re-acquainted with a friend , whom i've only met once before hand , and the rest of our interaction has been through facebook . with that being said , this ... i used to a lot more . now i'm trying to be quite honest . i agree with the bit about trying to not hurt feelings . i think when i would the most , was when i was at a unhealthy state ... because it ... i'm not sure the lives i lead that put me here , once livin now dead , but i cant escape it now , i really cant relate it now with the soft spots and my world view , going down the line just a strain of ... i have asmr , so the bit about having the letter rubbed on your back sounds fantastic lmao . with that being said , i would say i am certainly not touchy-feely ... it could very well be an isfj thing ... angelcat - yes , you summed it up nicely ! also , in regards to your advice for abbigailius , it seems as though you and i have very similar processes . i always feel i'm doing it the ' wrong way ' ( not ... sweetish - nice write up . i stumbled across that one , and was thinking of giving it a go . maybe i should check it out , sounds rather interesting :) in regards to my little dilemma earlier , went to ... angelcat - it's sort of a fear of failure ... but to be fair , in most occasions of me sharing with people , they will love it ecstatically ( so they say :P ) and being appreciated is kind of a tough area ... i think you both deserve to get together , but keep it an open relationship . she can keep with the guy she is already seeing . angelcat - yeah , fair enough . i suppose my main problem is ... ' who ' to share with . but i guess that anyone could be a connection if you just give it a chance . and you won't know if you don't . your ... oh my god , please tell me about this . my biggest problem is what to do with my projects after i'm done them ... i suppose perhaps this query of agents is an idea . what kind of novel is it ? hmm , good idea . summer is going to be great . my main goals are to shoot some short films , write , and explore . possibly find another job , but we'll see lol thanks anyway sophi ! we both agreed not much is playing . gonna check out kingsman . it's supposed to be pretty good . i would like to see listen up philip , quite a bit ... jason schwartzman is ... sweetish - lol , i have the unfortunate problem of being completely incompetent in the dating world . but i'm just getting into it a little later in life than most ( 22 woot ) and this is the third one ... i haven't bled my mind to write it out on time on here in ages , must be the cages of my fat fancy smiles in a summer breeze holdin down tight the fort of my night fork and the pitch of a further ... sophi - cool , i like those genres too . i like a bit of everything , but i find that i mostly gravitate toward films that just ' do their thing ' ... which is to say , slightly surreal or nonsensical ... i haven't seen intersteller . probably should have caught it in theaters , even though i wasn't super interested ... still seems like a film to see that way , plus i can go free > > currently , magnolia ... that's actually a good point , as well . i was religious through-out highschool . hence , my late blooming in this area of life . it doesn't control everyone , but there are certainly ones that will stick ... i heard this one on the subway , the other night you're a knob gobbler what it's a metaphor , for sucking cock . knob gobbler the way it was delivered made me lol i can't give you any advice . we , as people , seem to have the need to come to conclusions on our own . but i will re-iterate most suggestions : move on . i am rather late bloomer when it comes to ... everything . though , to be honest i don't cry ... i think the last time was when my dog died . a few years back , and up until that point , i hadnt cried since i was child . i sometimes wish i could , ... oh , and as for accounting . i'm sure some people love it , all the power to them . but if that's what i did , i'd probably shoot myself through the face before my first pay check . clean the god damn dishes ! jk , i ain't married do whatever you want . i'm a film-maker , and its unstable as hell . little bit o shameless spam , follow us on twitter ( in my sig ) of course we are . thought everyone knew that . i didn't have much difficulties .. i worked hard on it for the most part , and math came fairly easily , though at times was tough ... with that being said , once i hit highschool , there was a point where ... i listen to everything . i really think most people do ... it's just there are certain clusters you're more likely to enjoy . for me , the main spectrum is 50s - 70s , but i'll listen to orchestra , rap , ... slowly . no sudden movements , and try not to make any unwarranted noise . you can observe them rather easily this way . however , if you want to make contact , first get some trail mix and plant some on ... was scrolling down , then paused on your sig for a few moments . the fuck ? looks cool :P yes , no i don't know could you repeat the question ? thanks lol , i'm sure there's some sort of answers in there , but i'm not sure either . think of life as the clocks in wheels and tocks to the beatles . form circled scars and believe that the wars over cars were fought for stars . it depends . it's a total mix of just doing it , and thinking for long periods of time on it . i will doodle to come up with ideas to draw better , or i will think of what to draw . same goes for ... cigarettes lol , maybe not . i'd say film or writing , to which cigarettes is a by-product there-of it's : super incredible correct ? welcome i have great advice :) find out the one you want to do , that you can see yourself doing . forget about the fear or anxiety with it . you can overcome this . for example , myself , i want to ... something to do with pancakes and coffee , comes to mind it's so odd , how the mind thinks on its own . try some meditation . i find myself beging able to watch my thoughts go past , and only picking up on half sentances at lightspeed , its nuts to be honest , simply talking with someone who is genuinely nice . i don't really like gifts , i guess i do to an extent , but they can kind of make me feel self conscious lol . i like good food and ... stokholm - cool dude . the sandlot rocks :D and the departed is wicked cool too ... seems ive onlyu seen it twice , but it has a really cool feel to it . also , im not sure about my list , with your ... write write empty mind find the times around the lines and bends and i dont know you ask oh where it ends and i say oh dont ask me , ask mary or marie and the time ticks and the time tocks in ... i have no advice , i am not a sensitive girl . however , i will say that depression turns me on lol . in the same way as you , that you feel you can somehow help with it > > anyone seen the holy mountain ? i just finished it . it is strangely beautiful , but also one of the most fucked up things i have seen . i'm gonna say infj . my brother , however , with that being said , i would say that my interactions with him also yield the most understanding . every once and awhile there's bickering or whatever , but i ... inaname - awesome , i rather think so :P . and i figure i'll add my 2 cents about the whole personality thing . we are on a personality site , after all :P i almost mentioned it in my first post , but ... '