' under what ( un ) importance would drive one such as i to really need to contact someone on facebook ? if they , or the situation , were that important i would already have their contacts . i once had to help a friend , whom was also a directionally challenged intp , find a specific store . boy , was that a terribly fun mistake . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7tWHJfhiyo higher friend count means that there's a higher chance that someone will respond to their trivial ass drippings . everybody loves ass drippings . this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EQ1bS8lpm9U and this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOXMjCnKwb4 why would god have a personality type ? if god was truly a perfect being than that means that he / it would have transcended such petty things . god would be all personality types and none of them at the ... cats because they are independent self-righteous assholes , all of which are traits that i respect . what if i was not as socially awkward as i am . what if i had more friends . what if there were no organs in my body . what if it were possible to imagine a square circle . what if i were not an ... i've never thought of myself as an anxious person , maybe i am . i've always just seen things as is , if something happens then it'll happen , if not then so be it . if i fall down a cliff well i guess ... what do you mean ? i calculate my arrival to the seconds . i feel terrible when i'm even a minute late , and then feel even worse , and extremely awkward , when i realize that i was the first one there . ... common themes in my dreams are : me falling down a cliff or something equally high , me being chased by things , me being shot , me getting stabbed , me becoming blind and yet still able to see , me or ... there was this one time in middle school where a classmate of mine was giving out hershey kisses to everyone . me being greedy i went up to her and asked , can i get a kiss ? she looked back at me ... given the opportunity to do whatever i want , i can't think of anything i wanna do . why limit the discourse to just video games ? can we not say the same thing for anything ? can we not say chess is evil because their are people who spend all their time strategizing and theorizing ... the world at large - modest mouse ice-age heat wave , can't complain . if the world's at large , why should i remain ? walked away to another plan . gonna find another place , maybe one i can stand ... can a conductor be considered a musician and the orchestra be the instrument ? have a wonderful penis . allow me to ... been reading battle royale . so far it has been a great read , much better than the movie , my only gripe of the book is that some of the chapters are really short , like half a page short , and with ... and begins to lick the purple goo oozing off the back of the legendary golden blue hippo tree fish , which , needs to be mentioned , does not swim but hovers through the noonlight . amazing ! she ... went straight to hell . as t . began to ... marshmallows to begin dancing . the mushrooms got so excited by these odd events that ... box of skyscrapers off the the tomatoes . as the sensation underwhelmed her the invisible purple space people began to attack the worlds supply of ... if i were to get a tattoo , it would have to be something that i hold true no matter how much time has passed and the only thing that i can think on is the socratic phrase i know that i know ... i try to browse the world news subreddit at least once per day . however , i care for news the way i care for an oncoming train collision , a terrible thing is about to happen and all you can do is ... intelligence be aware of your own strengths and weaknesses , and the strengths and weaknesses of the people you are leading , and use them to your advantage . this is of course assuming that the people you are ... 1 . pansexual 2 . no , i wish i could get my hands on some hallucinogens though . 3 . none 4 . yes and no . the moment the voice in my head acts all high and mighty the other voice in my head tells me ... i had a female intj friend in highschool , she was both easy going and very serious , at the same time . apparently a lot of people didn't like her for that , but it was a trait that i personally ... obsession i napped all through the afternoon . tyt and reddit . an open book in another language . yay ! it's sunday ! got a busy day of doing absolutely nothing . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09bHvtAz4j8 aside from random anime and pony clips i watch stuff like this . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOXMjCnKwb4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KjSwsww5SfQ ... 1 . omniscience 2 . omnipotent 3 . omni-anonymity the powers of god but without the hassle . i read that in billy may's voice . how do i fit a square peg in a round hole ? both figuratively and literally . i read your post as intp : worst title designers , or something along those lines . and i would have to disagree , we make great titles ! very witty ones at that . 1 . martini 2 . shaken 3 . not stirred also ... 1 . independent 2 . open minded 3 . intelligent enfj , estj , and enfp . i hang out with too many e's . i had an intj friend in highschool . we would spend all our time in class making snarky remarks about everything and everyone . however , when someone makes a comment or statement so utterly ... didn't go to my graduation . putting on a square hat and receiving a piece of paper does not make you a better / different person . the betterment , and change , of oneself takes time , and does not end ... while on a walk . in the shower . right before going to bed . that last one isn't really a favorite but i've had many great thoughts , and many sleepless nights , there . so what's going on in your life ? how does that make you feel ? which one is better ? speak truthfully . see , you're mocking me again . your score : 27 0 - 32 = low ( most people with asperger syndrome or high-functioning autism score about 20 ) 33 - 52 = average ( most women score about 47 and most men score about 42 ) 53 - 63 is ... sup . born and raised in san francisco . the bookstore near my house got shutdown , and was replaced with a sporting goods store , so now i have absolutely no reason to ever go into the mall again :/ i'd do it more often , or consciously , but i'm always afraid that they'll figure out what i'm doing and counter manipulate me . it's easy to see the flaws in other people but it's hard to see the flaws ... if lifeform one word or two ? what will this decade be remembered for ? http://i28.photobucket.com/albums/c202/squidX5/tumblr_ls7nzcuqYl1qdc388o1_500.jpg http://i28.photobucket.com/albums/c202/squidX5/e2ebd_1.jpg '