' i suppose some measure of a possible issue would be conveying the message . personally , i understand things in a manner and from a different perspective to the extent that i can't explain it .  ... what's better than reading the lore in a game ? until blizzard messes it up that is . racism should be acceptable if logically founded . fortunately , this is not the case . no , i am not from stormfront . one thing i'm particularly terrible at is trying to draw geometrically sane shapes with the assistance of appropriate mathematical tools . yes , i can't actually draw a square that has four equal ... what a perfect opportunity to place a piece of exotic nature into your own home , messed up a bunch of morons . exotic pets , unfortunately , just present the chance for the uneducated , college , ... large amount of misinformation in this thread . there's nothing that should be shunned about exotic pets logically , though more rights should probably be given to them . some of the current standards ... i try my best to keep them alive and healthy . get off stereotypes . read chemistry . read physics . read some econs . i repack my luggage every night whilst overseas . snatch is fairly good . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06DbDR_cJ9I going into nervous breakdown in a social situation with people i'm know slightly , or unfamiliar with . getting my hands to actually do something correctly . you are assuming too much . he is obviously just writing about his experience and knows that it is negative , which has nothing to do with associating negative connotations with esfj's . i just don't think someone should try doing this during their teen identity crisis phase . its fairly annoying and completely irrational if your overpowering te turns those words into rules and ... also , i should add that if these are perceived as biased statements , then please for the information in which you wish to know . the nothing indicative of an s function is but a sad byproduct of the overall mental complex . i already know that they don't share a single function thank you very much , but i should remind you that ... if you look at this example provided by intpcentral ; ne ( with ti ) vs ni ( with te ) illustrated i will certainly not stand on the side of fred hoyle by following something that he is interested in as ... the video's are not quite as useful . to be specific , i have two issues between me and determining my personality type . one , a penchant for details ; and i do think i flip from ti-ne and ni-te ... i see thread inconsistencies , which technically should not be the case . what details should i provide ? come'on . would an intp accept external evidence to verify something as being true ; or do they only accept internal logical consistency within a concept ? apparently , external evidence verifies that ... i should add that i detest derive equations . they appear to make sense , yes ; this equals that , manipulated around and it still produces the same result . however , such means of solving a problem do ... i get this peculiar impression that your predicament is caused by contradictions within people and articles on the topic of cognitive functions . the whole mass of ideas pertaining to each function ... this thread is one last final decisive attempt to have online people discern my personality . i will stick down some of my mental thoughts , and these will be assigned with a cognitive function . it ... this thread is one last final decisive attempt to have online people discern my personality . i will stick down some of my mental thoughts , and these will be assigned with a cognitive function . it ... come'on . i'm pretty sure the added details will make thing easier . enormous hatred i suspect you would be better off checking out my other thread in the intj section . i was assuming that due to these being primary thought patterns , and thus needs , they would be ... i would have phrased 9 differently if i could . 9 is basically the excuse i use to cheat , in the sense of self benefit , or to whatever organisation or personalities i may be loyal to . yes please . i was expecting something a bit more conclusive , tallying doesn't actually account for much . i am very confident however , that i am intj or intp though . dubious in what sense and i imagine that 9 ) would be more te to me , because my reasons focus on the practicality of action taken . muahahah . for all you know , this could be one of those dominant-tertiary loops , then i'm in some trouble .. this thread is one last final decisive attempt to have online people discern my personality . i will stick down some of my mental thoughts , and these will be assigned with a cognitive function . it ... i apologise for digging up this thread again . what if , i mentioned that i use some system of validating arguments presented against me by someone . for example , if someone tells me that i am not fit ... knee jerk reaction indeed . there we go adjusted . whilst we're at the point of atheist vs religion , i'd like to point out that most of the arguments will probably not convincing , due to the ... hold on there . i repeat . the quotation is not from me , but from someone else . the question here is not about religion , but rather using an example to discern between ti and te , as well as to find out ... you know i had an argument with one of my relatives ( who is an estj ) , the issue was god and religion and he tried to convince me ( intp ) that because alot of people believe in god ( like 90 % of the ... indeed . so what if a murderer is forced to kill without having the option to choose , he still does it anyway . what if he is predetermined to do it again , despite not having the option to choose . the ... welcome to the club . though i think my current state of under achieving has something to do with hubris and skepticism , as much as i don't want to admit it . i'd say i relate to using the inferior function of se more . when instructing others , i tend to be overloading on details , as if i'm afraid of them not being able to complete their tasks up to ... riverlioness not the best of arguments , unless you are arguing that death punishment should be abolished in order to make up somewhat for the rate of false conviction and human error . well . okay . in the f = ma formula ; i had a lot of teachers try to prove and derive this formula . when that happened , i just couldn't understand it . it simply escapes me . the next thing i did was to ... i posted the extension of this on the intj sub forum , and i got intj as majority of the results . well , at least until yesterday when i said i didn't like derivation . i've already read both of the ... i've read all of that . and i suppose i could see where you are coming from with derivation . derivation only shows that a theory is not wrong , but it never points out why a theory is not wrong , and ... thank you for your responses . whilst i am new at the forum , i am not completely new to mbti , over the course of the past two years i have read on occasion , to what i consider a fair bit of the mbti ... live to fight another day . hello from a new member here . i've tested somewhat consistently as an intj on both cognitive function and multiple personality tests , multiple times . using what's my type form as a basis ... ... in this miserable pragmatic society that i exist in , i'm quite doubtful . on the other hand however , junior colleges are meant for people with higher academic levels . these other institutions we call ... as many of the others have already mentioned , subjective versus objective . the many assumptions atheism makes about omnipotence is short term , and the opposite is also true . i prefer the atheist ... there were a bunch of assumptions that i made whilst reading your post , additionally , it was a poor attempt at sarcasm of some sort . worry not . they call it a junior college . as for the essays , i ... the whole god vs science thing is a paradox in itself that i've learned not to bother about ... well , based on the intjforum posts , it would not imply that ni dom's understand in this manner , owing to many of them being very good at math . of course , there are other possibilities like overall ... yes . i have read about the function theory and it does appear to be the primary source of discerning between personalities , to me at least . though i have never quite figured out which function i tend ... '