' marie claire , do you mind if i ask what you mean by him walking all over you ? my russian teacher once told me that when you are congratulating someone on some life event ( graduation , etc ) you wish them голубой мечты , or light blue dreams . hope i got that russian right ;-) ... okay , this is a spin-off from my other thread , but i am curious in general ... does praise mean a lot to you ? what sort of praise floats your boat ? how do you like to receive it ? verbally , little ... all the things you mentioned are actually pretty big deals to me . it's not an overly negative post , if it is how you feel . i see that you are an f , and that makes a big difference i think . my ex was ... hmm , maybe if i spell things out a little . i'm not super-materialistic and not terribly sentimental , but i always remember social conventions like birthdays and holidays in some way . i would think ... really ? nothing ? * sigh * try to change the subject whenever you get the chance , or excuse yourself to go to the bathroom , and when you come back , change the subject . what susie says of sally says more of susie than of ... i have begun dating an estj about 6 weeks ago , following a divorce that capped a 12 year ( bad ) marriage . being an intj , it is quite possible that i am the one who is clueless , but i wanted to check ... i like macs because of osx and because my imac is a beautiful , elegant all-in-one machine that does everything i need it to . i have a macbook that has been absolutely mistreated by my children and ... i alluded to my reasons . classical is relaxing , i prefer more mellow music nowadays . how do you intjs prefer meeting new people ? would you like to be introduced ? do you come up and start conversations if you're interested in getting to know somebody ? i prefer to be introduced , by ... i like classical . i used to listen to rock , but i have mellowed out in recent years . 1 . ) do you believe in conspiracies ? no , it requires too many people to keep secrets . 2 . ) do you believe in global warming ? yes . 3 . ) do you believe in ghosts ? i am open to the possibility ... i have had a similar experience . i don't feel as though the women were intimidated by me , though , they all seemed to be very capable . i think that i am just a very formal person , i don't come off ... for the life of me i cannot remember people's names , their children's names , their spouses names , what they do for a living . i guess i just don't spend a lot of time thinking about other people . i ... straight to the curb . i have no tolerance for someone who would spend my money to go get blue balls , or to go look at the bodies of others and then expect to expend himself in mine . screw that . the ... i had never heard of the books prior to the series , so now i am torn between reading the books and finishing the series later . i hate to sound like a prude , but i do wish that the sex and nudity was ... i am more aware of how animals are treated in the process now that i am a vegetarian , and glad that i am not contributing to it anymore , but i began with a different purpose . my children , however , ... i totally respect people's dietary choices . personally , i used to live on a cattle ranch . i didn't choose to be vegetarian because of moral issues . i'm thinner and in better shape because of it . some ... i have met a lot of rational vegetarians . i myself became a vegetarian after years of an omnivore diet for health reasons . who is vegetarian / vegan ? who eats meat raw ? why ? all vegetarians ( newton is reputed to be , darwin and einstein are confirmed ) . i don't necessarily cheer for the bad guy , but a compelling antagonist is highly appreciated . the conflict has to be believable in a story , and a good bad guy makes or breaks a story . rosa , ... check out these visual representations on the differences between eastern and western culture . they are simple and well done . yep . maybe i should be looking at the hands of other women when i am trying to figure out who would be low-drama friends ... what do you value most highly ? figure out the answer to that , and your search for a career will be much easier . personally , i always wanted to have my own family . i came from a broken home , was ... one of the biggest reasons i decided to do it was because i read that having your colors done will save you time and money . for example , anything that resembles yellow / beige makes me look sick , so i ... i used to lie all the time , when i was younger . it was a learned response because the truth was often punished . it evolved into casual shoplifting , even . : blushed : i was pretty machiavellian through ... i don't know that everyone has a calling , i . e . something they are meant to do for a living . that would imply a sort of predestination in life , i think . while i am not opposed to the idea of ... for my history ma : tudor and stuart england modern japan and korea 19th century women's history intro to german i agree . many animals are pretty conscious . even fire ants will bond together in a flood to make a raft to keep the group from drowning . youtube - ants create a lifeboat in the amazon jungle - bbc ... i look like a lady , but i reject the idea that i think like a man . i think rationally . that is a gender-neutral trait . as far as fashion , i have often been perplexed by it . i have had to pursue it ... sure is . asperger's is classified by the extreme nature of certain traits . i personally am in the same boat , as are many ixtxs . introverted thinkers tend to be the temperaments that have asperger's ... the no-no judgement is wrong for most people . no-yes is right when you are not an aspie . most people would intentionally pay the extra dollar because they understand they have the choice of not ... there is nothing wrong with people who have adhd or asperger's syndrome . these aren't disabilities as much as differences in how people perceive and operate in the world . as far as adhd goes , try ... they don't have an autistic child . also , they must not have read the article carefully . the article explains that most people don't understand why the answer is no to both : if you had asperger ... the child will be fine . especially if she is an nt . as long as the mother loves her child and provides for her , the child will find her own way . part of being a parent is learning that your ... the answer is no to both . the actions are incidental , not intentional . it was not his intention to get the cup or to pay a dollar more . both were necessary to the desired outcome . he didn't walk in ... well , i am female , but i cannot understand how anyone could be attracted to someone who plays the victim . my mother is that way ( happy mother's day , crazy lady ) and she's never had a successful ... we , the drowned by carsten jensen just finished fall of giants by ken follet loved fall of giants but i am sort of irked that the kindle price is more expensive than hardcover . we , the drowned ... i used to be on a dance team in high school and we won lots of awards . never made captain , though . i was able to perform well in a perfunctory way ... lots of practice . i never was an inspired ... i recently came back from a funeral that had a profound effect on me . my cousin ( who was raised as my sister ) lost her 15 year old son to suicide . the boy was definitely an intx and was also ... i have never smoked one cigarette , not one puff . when i was a kid all the adults would sit in the kitchen with their coffee and cigarettes and the smoke would swirl around the room and i had to crawl ... my best ideas come when they have to ... the whole necessity is the mother of invention sort of thing . i do love the rain and the dark , but i am more contemplative then . and driving . i am not fond ... js are not necessarily people pleasers . i am an intj and there is very little about me that typically pleases people : wink : i can relate strongly to this . when i am socializing i feel as though i have to be on . it takes effort to ensure that all the filters are up so i don't offend people . it takes me a while to warm up ... my husband and i both have degrees and quite a bit of graduate work . my husband is also an enlisted soldier ( looking to become an officer ) . my experience living in on post amongst the enlisted ... it really all depends . i think overconfidence in the power of a degree is a liability . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMMkDrOg0Oc agreed . i don't compliment people , i compliment the quality of what they do when i am truly impressed . it feels more genuine , and after all , what are we but the sum of our actions ? my husband was an elementary school teacher . from his perspective ( i asked him ) , children respect you differently ( not more ) as a male role model . many children do not have fathers at home or do ... lol . i encourage my kids to make their case for the things that they want . my 5 year old is very articulate and sometimes it feels a bit strange to say to someone that small , you make a ... '