' what are you ? a weakling ? you're just going to sit there and take that ? don't be stupid . get up and do it . - esque type of motivation speech reminiscent of coaches in sports . i'll never ... i do think your surroundings and society has an impact on how we grow to be though this contradicts the belief that your type is innate . people tend to mimic and take after others . this does not ... my enfj was the same way . he was mild and didn't party , but ... still exhausting . it's just the dynamics we had was too dissimilar . i am extremely introverted and even while relaxing with the enfj , i ... i ( used to ) be best friends and had seven years of will they or won't they ? dating / flirtationship / i-don't-even-know-what-to-call-it with an enfj . long story short , i find that particular enfj ... i'm currently in a ( almost ! ) three month relationship with an estp / j . he tested as an estp but with 52 % on the perceiving end . from my experience and from what i can see , he behaves much more like an ... and i agree with you for that , and you've probably put it in better words . it is unfortunate , however , that this type of mindset of non-participation is far too radical among most americans . a mass ... some people can argue that voting makes little difference . but the impartial mindset that some of you have - - believing that avoiding the election altogether does more good than participation - - ... thanks for the concern , iselia . ♥ a lot of things have changed since then . i'm not as bogged down with work , and i'm not as mentally stressed . i don't talk to the enfj anymore , and i suppose that ... well then , i suppose i will sound shallow . my utmost important love language concerns the experience / journey / memories . i forgot what it was called . my second is ... you guessed it - - gifts . from ... i do original art and graphics though i have not done any one of them professionally . s y n c h r o n e t t a . c o m all of the graphics in there were designed by scratch ( patterns included ) ... i've had angry outbursts before but that's when people have really tipped me over the edge . usually , i'd just retreat or ignore it . but in between my ' hulk smash ' angry and ... i usually work with digital , but my traditional skills are similar . http://synchronetta.com/artfolio/complete/Bioshock.jpg http://synchronetta.com/artfolio/complete/Thanatos.jpg and since ... i go to reddit on a daily ( perhaps hourly ) basis . for me , it's a great source of entertainment and a wonderful cure for boredom or procrastination ! admittedly , i don't really post and to be ... honestly , i don't even know how people would find me - - let alone , how to find intp girls . i go to a community college so right when my classes are over , i leave campus . otherwise , sometimes i'd stick ... thank you so much for your responses ! i'm aware that i'm being stubborn ; it's just difficult to move on when the slightest bit of hope still exists . i've decided for the past week that i will move on ... hello enfjs ! i'll try to make this as short as possible without missing any good details rather than posting our exact long history . i have a good friend that is a confirmed enfj . i've known this ... thanks ! i usually hear that a lot - - that i'll still look young when i'm older . xd it gives me hope , but sometimes i feel people don't take me seriously since i'm tiny . : < ahahaha i think i did a ... for some reason , i am unable to laugh at the jokes made on the show . it's clever , but not subtle enough for me . half of the time , it's as if the characters are just waiting to interject something ... i am so bad at planning things out . i just go in and get what i need at the moment for the next day or two . :/ which results in the need in going to the grocery stores frequently ... http://img213.imageshack.us/img213/3457/bangsx.jpg picture was taken yesterday when i managed to cut my own bangs . : x so this is a posed picture . i'm pretty sure i look more silly when i'm not ... even though this is coming from an intp , i think you're wonderful the way you are ! :] if you have wonderful friends with different functions and strengths , perhaps you can observe and imitate ? if ... i don't know where this thread is going , and i'm more of a lurker - - so i'll just post a few thoughts . firstly , ( and excuse my language ) , i get a lot of shit from fellow peers for being lazy and ... i typically enjoy jrpgs and fps games amuse me . :] favorite games : persona 4 , final fantasy viii , bioshock , metal gear solid 3 . currently playing final fantasy tactics , metal gear solid 3ds , ... i'd laugh at anything that is witty and delivered wonderfully . the only reason i have for not laughing at dark humor is when i honestly know the person is actually that twisted / hateful or i'm in a ... i dated my enfj friend for a few weeks and now we're still very good friends . we went through similar things . it is amazing when we are alone together but in any kind of social setting , i fade into ... what kind of driver are you ? okay , i'm about to make a left turn here into oncoming traffic - - is that okay ? no ? well , good luck everyone ! qq personally , i see her as an infp . also , i'm probably one of the most materialistic intp i've ever known . i enjoy vintage shopping , collecting materialistic stuff , and i love music about sunshine ... i personally cannot leave the house looking natural . i always have eyeliner on . i admit that i'm extremely lazy , so i would just brush my hair until it's perfect and occasionally put it up in a ... i'm going through this at the very moment . apparently , i'm insensitive and selfish . then again , he's an enfj , so i have to be more cautious from now on . and like your friend , my past relationship ... as a girl and as one with a developed j side , maybe i don't have much to say on this topic . but you should just go for it . there's no hurt in trying . if she gets creeped out , then it's not meant ... personally , i get pissed off not too often but it's not infrequent either . more often times than not , i will either hide it or express it verbally in a normal tone . i usually only scream and have ... i agree with this . i've been complimented all throughout my life because of my artwork . i used to tell people that i didn't believe it's true and it's undeserved , but that just makes others sad . in ... d'awww ... i thank you on behalf of the other intps who also love enfjs but haven't replied in this thread yet . :D that's very sweet of you . i personally know two tested enfjs and i think enfjs ... i need that poster - - and combustible lemons . honestly , i wouldn't think it's too hard ... for science . http://img829.imageshack.us/img829/7027/combustiblelemongrenade.jpg precisely this . 1 . what is more important to you ? the ends or the means ? the means . 2 . in your opinion , what is your biggest flaw ? laziness and the inability to get in tune with others . 3 . what do you ... those are quite blatant assumptions you've got there . not only did i had quite a hard time reading what you've written , i have to say that using big words is usually for the sake of accuracy ... i've recently had a fight with my supposedly best friend who's an enfj . he mostly assumed my actions without questioning and judged me to be insecure , condescending , and et cetera . he insulted me and ... i'm no expert , but i would have to say ( through my observations ) , a big clue to whether one is an f or a t is whether they're able to empathize to a very personal level . i'm an intp who is pretty ... i can relate to istjs sometime . i did question in several instances whether i was an istj . fortunately , the intp profile fits me almost perfectly while istj comes in second with intj following ... i've been called arrogant . i also sense that people think of me as a pretentious , judgmental individual . i've had many people tell my friends that they find me intimidating or they feel as if i ... my result looks so organized and somewhat contradicting ... i don't know how i feel about this . ( which isn't surprising considering my result . ) your situation sounds so familiar to mines . i've also known an individual for a long while ( not nearly as long as 20 years . mines have been going on for seven years now . ) the only difference is ... i personally love stories that are not necessarily open-ended , but are masterfully crafted in such a way that it is up to the viewer's interpretation what the universal message of the movie / book is ... people assume that i have low self-esteem and had been called out for it . i just call it being realistic . then they also call me pessimistic . so honestly i am not sure . i always thought that i ... my situation is the exact opposite . i can't seem to befriend women easily . it's not that i secretly adherent the idea of having more male friends than females . though i can admit in my younger ... most of my vents / rants are subjective therefore rendering them petty and unimportant to me . but in short , i mostly dislike people . i always find the means to see everyone's flaws and notice how ... i know i'm not part of the majority but i love shopping . i enjoy wearing nice tops , short dresses with leggings , or layers upon layers . i am more into the urban look with a feminine touch . and ... i think it's a popular misconception that intps ( or nts in general ) are not sensitive . while this is true in some cases depending on the individual , some of us are sentimental too . personally , i ... not really creative since it's not self-expressive , but here's a digital painting ; a portrait of zooey deschanel from 500 days of summer . :] http://img97.imageshack.us/img97/3224/zooeyt.jpg '