' some encouraging verses god has placed on my heart this week to stay strong in the lord and serve him joyfully : and whoever in the name of a disciple gives to one of these little ones even a ... http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-obmTh6C5JOQ/VDEtGROmWDI/AAAb0Y/BeZThT1aA2A/s1600/a%2Btree.jpg just finished : all of grace by charles h . spurgeon it has definitely taken the # 3 spot in the most life-changing books i have read . 29 bonafide smart aleck's who will make you shake your head http://cdn.diply.com/img/be7ba670-85ca-4ffb-93ab-39565da618e5.jpg http://4.bp.blogspot.com/--ZgpYrHck3U/UT_cpNmOvHI/AAABEI/0i8DAV3Bbj0/s1600/grumpy+cat+wall.jpg http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lolka4V7Rw1qhtze3o1_400.jpg 1 ) bible 2 ) recovering the gospel series by paul washer the gospel power and message the gospel call and true conversion gospel assurance and warnings 3 ) radical by david platt 4 ) ... http://38.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m21fbffo331qcbmnfo1_500.png welcome niku-san . become active so that i can learn more about esfj's :) another reminder that salvation is from god , and not from man . he will not fail for it is not designed to prove or reveal our faithfulness and power , but god's ! now may the god of peace himself ... someone sent me a photo where they caught me smiling while i was in honduras . hair had grown quite long since i had been there a couple months ; didn't even notice . 192378 i have never seen this image before ; i found it quite amusing . god's sovereignty : and joshua said to all the people , “ thus says the lord god of israel : ‘ your fathers , including terah , the father of abraham and the father of nahor , dwelt on the other side of ... i would agree with this assessment . however , i am not sure who states infp's are the worst type ; you are actually one of my favorites along with enfp and infj . unlike the others , i can always spot ... philippians 3:7- 11 but whatever gain i had , i counted as loss for the sake of christ . indeed , i count everything as loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing christ jesus my lord . for his ... i agree with this . the teacher i work along side with is an intp and we have great conversations normally revolving around truth . i am more of a straight-arrow black / white person while he likes ... i agree with the end of this post . there are many things people had to tell me one-on-one that i was doing wrong which i didn't even know about . for example , when i used to talk i would just use ... what do you think when you see someone cry ? what is this something you speak of ? i don't know any estj's so i decided to visit this sub-forum to see what i could find out . it seems that this sub-forum is not very active . i am very curious about the original poster's ... very interesting insights . i have an isfj acquaintance and always take her at her word . if she asks me if she is making a mistake / being silly , then i am honest , and if she asks me to be silent then ... i suppose it depends on what you mean by very creative . my sister who was rated a very high istj grew up drawing and painting . one year she even won 6 of the 7 art categories and best of fair . ... you guys should certainly make a thread with istj humor . i have an istj sister and we will often smile with each other over different aspects of life , but i never really thought of her humor before ... having an istj sister this one actually made me laugh . as for how i do hugs ... http://media.giphy.com/media/LvecNKQSUS8MM/giphy.gif i am the dead guy on the ground for reference . henceforth , ... http://youtu.be/eXgdSOxaCGI http://youtu.be/I-SFA5Xs0s8 intj - primary color : logical tan secondary color : violet 115730 http://youtu.be/IUwotWhPKsU yeah , one would have to define what friend means . i have a couple people i would call friends , but we don't go over to each others houses , go to town , or anything like that . therefore , i am sure ... well , there are many moments when i feel like i could cry , such as the ending of clannad : after story , but i don't :( i suppose the three times i can remember crying after becoming a teenager are : ... this pretty girl was seeking a rich husband . the reply she got from a banker was priceless ! | exposing the realities wow , what an insightful response . ecclesiastes has also greatly resonated with me as well , since , as you said , it clarifies the vanities of this world and what should be the sole purpose of our ... thank you bear 987 . you are very kind , i have noticed that you try to greet most of the newcomers . i am steadily becoming more familiar with the forum . and they overcame [ satan ] because of ... the wind is howling - ayako miura ( true story ) wow , that is exactly right the lone mask ! without the kanji most people think seijin means adult . you are quite well studied in languages , how many have you studied ? bombay , that must be an ... interesting , that is much like the calvinism vs arminianism debate in christianity . calvinism holds to the total depravity of man while arminianism holds to partial depravity . regardless of whether ... welcome to the forum ananas . what sort of conversations are you mainly planning to take part in ? i agree , it has certainly been interesting to not only realize there are people who relate to ... thank you for the greeting xenograft . i have never been keen about philosophy , so i am not too sure what you are referring to with locke vs hobbes in regards to myself . would you mind elaborating ... thank you very much , that is quite the compliment ethereaethos . i agree stace of bass ! when i first believed god was calling me to missions i thought that it was just an idealistic dream , ... you may like the video entitled , ethically it's wrong but like ... on youtube . thanks zubz ! i certainly hope that god will use me to make an impact in japan . it is great to know that there are supportive brothers and sisters in christ here fern and allison ! welcome lone mask . your english is quite exceptional to be honest . if you don't mind my asking , which part of india are you from ? that's great you are studying ! what are your methods of studying right now ( self-study , classes ) ? i might have a few good resources for you , so i am curious . after the tsunami in tohoku they ... i figure that i might as well use the format from the you , me , & everyone else we know thread . personal : what do you preferred to be called ? 光の聖人 ( hikari no seijin ) any nicknames ? seijin ... はじめまして ! 日本語がわかりますか nice to meet you zubz ; i am curious due to your topic title . i am actually in the process of moving long-term to japan for missions . therefore , when i saw your topic , ... '