' why hello there ... i would definitely say so . i can be quite random and silly . i enjoy making people laugh ( or at least smirk ) and as others have said , it is sometimes a good defense mechanism against letting people ... nothing special , usually . what i do every day . a very strange thought and i actually have a bit of a problem coming up with a good answer . talking to a copy of myself would most likely not be functionally different from just talking to myself ... this somewhat reminded me of this ( do not be confused by the image , play the vid ): http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IvPIWzQcUY not a vegeterian , but i am trying to cut down on meat consumption . are you sentimental ? i hide it well , but i definitely think i am . especially the nostalgic kind of sentimentality . do you cry in movies ? if the story is well-written and well-constructed ... yep , i can only agree with what others said . i hate to wait for something to happen that i know will / must happen . welcome ! i am always curious about input from other types on infj-topics . that should be possible . friendly and funny , definitely . the only exception to that is when i am busy with myself , like when i am depressed . i think i sometimes have an aura of contempt in those cases . usually , i am even ... a knight in sour armour sounding better ? that is like a knight in shining armour just with added cynism . you know complaining about how shitty the world is while rescuing you . the real problem that makes people bitter is not being friend-zoned itself . rejection is a totally normal part of trying to find a partner . what does make people bitter is basically serving someone ... this is indeed the best approach by far . the best part is that they cannot act like they were unknowing when they end up using you too much and you complain against being used as an emotional trash ... cool story , bro seriously though , one-sided biased displays are rarely realistic . that being said , there is some truth to that page and people do have a very effed up view of love and ... i would like to add when someone has seriously fallen into this trap the most appropriate way to navigate it , is to make it clear to her that while you are a friend and you will be there for her , her ... faust & mephistopheles - goethe's faust the anguished one * - devil survivor 2 araya zouren - kara no kyoukai gilgamesh & berserker - fate / zero * : former avatar awww , you broke my heart , milady ! i thought you were a fair , lonely maiden waiting for a knight in shining armour to save her and then share poetry at a nearby river bed , followed by consensual , ... we get that alot from enfps . they usually comment about our eyes and aura and this feeling of loneliness we project , just like you did . entps like us for similar reason , as if we are enigmas to ... ohnoezitsjoez while i can understand your desire , i think there are two fundamental problems here : we are in the infj sub-forum . the ladies in here are perhaps the likeliest to truly mean ... not sure about the rest , but drinking mead out of a skull-cap sounds way cool . until cuckoo children enter the equation ... that being said , i do not think nature is as overpowering as you seem to imply . nurture has always shown to have an effect , especially considering how ... indeed it is . that is why i prefer my civilian life . i can still volunteer if there is dire need . i was in the military , but not as an actual long-term job . when i was 18 , germany still had national service , so i got to wear that uniform and boots for 9 months . i think i could imagine joining ... you know , i am curious . are you searching for infj men because we are supposed to be good matches for entps or because you found our forum and the chaps in it so charming ? and if the later , what ... that would be a great explanation for why i tend to prepare so much when gming since i lack the abilitiy to really shoot something good out on the fly , but when i start designing a campaing i already ... could just be a personal quirk , really . having a good fi in there does not really make you not infj if the rest fits . my verdict would be you were correct with your type before , so infj . i think we should call out to him to make sure he notices this . strafen well , i am more the high-ti kind of infj , but there is great power and wisdom in those lines . however , now that you say it , it definitely sounds like an fi piece . and i am very glad she did well ... misha why ... why can i not thank this more than once ? perc forum software , you have failed me ! i actually watered up a bit , dayum ... actually , i really do like rain ... when i am inside . the smell of freshly rained-on grass , the tip-top sound , the slightly grey look of the world , the atmosphere ... quite lovely to my sensibilities ... i love rain . welcome to perc ! okay , this definitely looks infj to me , with the exception of that sandwiched fi it is nearly perfect , but it does explain the slight fi-tendencies i saw . paranoia and anxiety can definitely mean ... i think it might be the environment itself that enforces stereotypes . being around people that are very similar to can also lead to people not minding their own weakspots and flaws enough since they ... very true , the entp stereotypes are not very nice on you guys and gals , especially from an infj perspective . that said , decent entps or well-developed entps are really great to hang out with , in my ... by default all introverted functions are very individualistic ( except si ) . our ni makes us come with all sorts of ideas about the world , but since it is an introverted function these ideas are not ... i just wanted to know whether you originally were typed as an infj in a test , by others or some other means . and i meant this sub-forum : what's my personality type ? but since you have already been ... well , if you have serious doubts about your type , you could visit the appropriate subforum to get an assessment by other members . how were you originally typed ? we are the most pleasant kidnappers in this world , i promise . also , my mind is way too dirty . although , that might have to do with your avatar . and keep in mind us infjs are complex . each one of us demands different kinds of sacrifices to stay on our good side and some of us are fickle gods indeed ! you see , aizar is a ... msi first , i have a song by the great johnny cash ( originally by neil diamond ) that you should keep in mind now . you are not alone , chap . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O0CVL9T4Smo and ... the cognitive functions are about what capabilities of your brain you prefer to use and use the best . this is what makes your type on a brain-level . generally , your cognitive functiosn definitely ... people almost always think i look and act older than i actually am . i am definitely into mystery stories of all kinds , but especially if there is some conspiracy or supernatural element to it . well , that's too bad , milady ... expect the infj black ops to steal you away any moment now . you sadly know too much . our infjness dictates that we give you a fair warning though . even ... have you ever done a cognitive functions test ? what was the result ? i have actually started a seperate thread about the ennegram question , you can find it here : http://personalitycafe.com/whats-my-enneagram-type/102494-i-would-like-your-input-about-my-type.html to ... razare you have my utmost thanks , that was very enlightening . a few experiences i have recently made seem to make a lot more sense now . thank you . keep in mind that i am no trained expert , just an interested layman . that being said , here it goes : 4 ) this , in conjunction with you being typed infj ( and intj once ) looks like inferior se to me ... '