' yes , when i'm not being stimulated by what's around me . i'd rather be alone than be bored . also , when i bartended and would work a few days in a row i spent too much extroverted energy and needed ... 1 . how important is it that your partner be able to match you ( or keep you otherwise stimulated ) on an intellectual level ? it's very important . i don't want someone who only challenges me , i want ... i get most annoyed when people talk about events in sequential detail , taking them forever to actually get to the point of the story . or , when people talk about things as they're happening . i prefer ... my ideal job would constitute : talking and having a high turnover of people coming in and out of my life . talking - or rather , performing - is one of my favourite things to do , and i also love to ... i've started dating an enfp now and remembered your post and had to come back to it to thank ! this is my first encounter with a male enfp and it's exactly like being with my best friend ( female enfp ) ... i use a blackberry but i would way rather have an iphone ... i'm a macaddict and everything in my house is mac ( computers & tv ) . everything is more efficient if it has that apple logo on it . http://vimeo.com/4855577 miscellaneous parts of life is my favourite rule . i've had my moments , but no i don't . my personality gears towards impulsiveness rather than addictive behaviour - thank goodness . when i smoked for short spurts of time it was more for the image than ... i can completely relate and what you've mentioned makes me a horrible test taker . when studying i think i know the information and i do in my head , but i end up not having any clue how to articulate ... does anyone ever know exactly what to say at the right time in a conversation even without any solid knowledge of the topic ? either by remembering something that someone else has said in the past , or ... i constantly have these ; on the surface i push them to the back of my mind but in reality they are a secret obsession . i don't think entps do deal with this as we logically know what's unattainable ... kim : istj khloe : entp kourtney : esfj rob : istj kris : estj scott : estp lamar : isfp bruce : isfj most likely to succeed : entj most likely to become rich : entj most likely to cry for no reason : infp most likely to say i told you so ! : estj most likely to adopt a stray animal : isfj most ... how to win friends and influence people , by dale carnegie . how is yo a conversation starter ? mbti is a generalization , what you are discussing are traits . there are variations of traits within each mbti type . here is a breakdown of the traits i possess : level of motivation i do not ... when i was in grade 9 and 10 , i skipped so much school ( through forged notes ) i barely passed most of my classes . grades were really important to my parents , especially my infp mother who would ... judging by your profile picture , it is where you were made to park your car before it was impounded . i have so many random encounters that i find myself in that it's impossible to pinpoint one without intertwining it with another . i think entp's would make good reality shows . when thinking about crazy projects i take up it just occurred to me how much energy i put into leading a triple life . ... when you don't use emoticons because you can articulate what you want to stay efficiently through words . i was a cocktail waitress at a high end lounge and nightclub for a few years and found that way better than waiting tables that involve food . i find in restaurants , the managers are constantly ... i find i love being around everyone but don't actually like anyone . i've noticed this too . i get the feeling a lot of people ( in general ; i'm not basing this solely from this forum ) mistype themselves as entp . i've been able to spot them on here , it's kind of like a ... i love how xrevolutionx : gets multiple replies regarding ' impressions of him ' and all of them involve the dog . do you wear a lot of makeup ? no , very minimal . i wear lip gloss and some sparkles around my eyes . i barely wear any makeup but people always compliment the way i do my eye make up , just because ... one thing i've noticed about enfps ( 3 of my closest friends are enfp ) is that they just are who they are . they never try to be something that they're not . they have have their thing going on , and let ... it's been a process for me , but everyday now i can sense a change in me opening up and shifting the dynamics of my relationships . it really started with one boyfriend ( also an entp , surprisingly ) i ... i tend to just go out to be around people often . that's why school is such a chore for me ; it's mainly introverted , and i find the more school work i do at one time the more disconnected i get . when ... thanks ! his stuff is wild . and here's another poem to keep the theme of the thread alive : is the clarity , the simplicity , an arriving or an emptying out ? if the heart persists in waiting , does it begin to lessen ? if we ... if one doesn't step outside of their self they're just going to become bored , and if one is well educated enough and bored they'll be able to wallow in existential angst . i always think that when i ... are we also our own heaven ? i am very artistic and creative ; creativity is actually my strongest trait next to sociability . i have a passion for theatre , which includes acting , playwriting and directing . i also write and ... and i saw it didn't matter who had loved me or who i loved . i was alone . the black oily asphalt , the slick beauty of the iranian attendant , the thickening clouds - nothing was mine . and i ... xrevolutionx : first impression : reminds me of a dog that monte might have . impression of poster now : ... still reminds me of a dog that monte might have . most notable characteristics : ... a ... i recently hung out with an isfp male for the day ( in a random circumstance ) and it was so easy . we just joked around the whole time , didn't take things seriously - we played off of each other's ... at least charlie sheen is doing his job ; he is an entertainer , right ? we all learn and think in different ways , we are all interdependent on each other to make the world function as it does . many people focus on mbti to focus on ' what i am ' instead of ' what i am not ' ... i didn't say that estp's were void of depth , i said a certain depth . entp's are also missing a certain depth that estp's have . we've clearly missed each other's depths in that post . i constantly bring mbti into relationships , but only with the people i'm most interested in . i'm excellent at talking to someone for about 2 minutes and if you don't interest me within that time ... estp - he even looks like one . it's easy to mistype entp and estp on the surface . sheen is missing a certain depth that entps have . i believe if you have met the type before and study mbti heavily you can . i have been able to type people by simply observing them numerous times . it's a joke among some of my friends at how accurate ... i joke because i can see all these complexities that the world is made up of , and not take them seriously . life is something to laugh along with and having others to laugh with is even more fun ... you should be insulted if i called you anything other than an extremist . my best friend is an enfp and everyone thinks she is an air head / ditzy , but she is one of the smartest people i know . she just gets things that others don't see right away or never will . she is so ... my best friend is an enfp and she loves intps . all her boyfriends have been intps . i think enfp and intps really compliment each other on some cosmic level . i was really good friends with one of her ... regarding your search for a character : i am an artist ( theatre and writing ) and would be interested in working with you . my best friend is an enfp and i have learned how to work well with her over ... i don't dimiss people because of their beliefs ; that's what religious people do . '