' i steer away from cute animal videos , because too often you see something in the animal's expression and you know something is wrong . like the squirrel that was actually having a heart attack , or ... crimson ash stopping by woods i know it too . hang in there , you two . i tell myself that although life and being happy seems like far more of a challenge to me than it does to the average person - ... just finished all the difficult parts of my paper . ( * ヮ * ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjYiH8moZPA i realised what my problem has been recently . working on my degree at home has me in isolation , especially when we haven't had classes in a long time . i only see my housemate for maybe 20 mins in ... i'm having massive problems with tiredness lately . and i just can't deal with talking to anyone . i started using instagram a while back , and you notice some weird stuff happening . so you check up on it . and holy - i mean like , damn . social media is so weird and full of deception . you have ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37QMwn-WnHI yep . overcast and humid weather really pull my mood down . sometimes i get some headaches when there's more pressure in the air . living in ireland for 9-10 years was incredibly oppressing with so many ... staff . : cool : i know that feel . i even became a wizard this year . it's sad , but maybe it's not so bad . at least it's better than being stuck in an abusive or controlling relationship . : unsure : hope you feel ... inforjoking thank you . i hope i can . ❤ : crying : that's awful . but i'm glad the cycle broke for you . and it should be ! we work better if we get some play time , so there shouldn't be some dumb ... * mentally / internally rolls about the floor * i'm so bored . : frustrating : i feel like i can't do anything or enjoy anything until i finish this project and report . and i'm making snail paced ... my first ( pessimistic ) thought was , she's not dying is she ? it sounds like she is writing it for closure . that she wanted to let you know that she has missed you , she wishes the best for you , ... i'm so tired . i can't stand being so tired . i've things to do . argggh . : angry : it's kinda nice how we're all gen ys commenting . i love his voice , and he's such an absolute sweetie . and he wasn't saved or protected . it's going to hurt for a long time . their last album ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FY9v147BZuE i can't believe it . i'm heart broken . i can't focus today or yesterday . it's horrible . i have no time for drifting along , i need something finished by thursday . and yet here i am . being a lethargic blob . i need to give myself a massive ... that sounds really bad . i hope she gets away from x . read up on narcissistic personality disorder and see if it matches up with x . too many women , and mothers , have had their mental health destroyed ... gossip goat inforjoking wow , that's horrible . and i relate a lot . all through my childhood my dad used to shout at me and force me to sit at the table until i finished my dinner ( i barely ever ... my brother keeps having these stupid fights with me . it doesn't even make sense , unless he's projecting issues he has with other people onto me . i don't have the time or patience for that . :d ry : my enfp housemate / landlady is perfect . ❤ thank you ! i'm really looking forward to it as i made a lot of friends last year . :p roud : 11 days until japan expo and i still have sooo much to do ! being a type 1 means i'm silly and redo things and want invisible stitches and take the long route . so everything takes me 3x longer . even ... well , you will get some that address humanity's shortcomings for sure ( most of those i listed do that actually ) , and potential / bad solutions . but as for actual , real , viable solutions ? i think ... i understand the feeling , buuut - if you mean people met through dating sites rather than acquaintances - the problem is some guys turn really nasty if you say something like that , so maybe they're ... resident infj anime hobbyist here . i hope you don't mind me joining in ~ i don't know what you would describe as intelligent , but anime that can be enjoyed by older audiences and will likely not be ... well , i dunno if anyone will even try it , but ... toward the terra . i think infjs and empaths will especially love it . it's a great space opera full of so many feelings and an amazing soundtrack . you ... i do pretty much everything alone all year every year . eating out somewhere , sitting on a bench with an ice cream , going to the cinema , shopping etc . it's a rare occasion like once every 2 months ... so busy this 2017 , it has been tough . it's my own fault though . i don't really get the alpha / beta thing that other people see . the supposed alpha guys who people swoon over or get all the girls have always been unattractive to me . the kind of cocky i'm such hot ... anyone i've had some kind of interaction with on here . melody and . m are some ladies i've got a lot of respect for after lurking for several ... ugh male isfps with mutual friends . they approach me because they approach everyone . they are 100 % the one type i have zerozerozerozero interest in even interacting with . just because i'm polite to ... if i was a casting director i'd hire him . he's good . how come ? i get a little bugged by dog discussions but only if they are forced on me . i have one female friend who never stops talking about dogs , and i'm too polite to tell her ... i wouldn't say i'm exactly happy with my life , and i struggle a lot , but no . i don't want to swap it . i've spent this long getting to know myself really well , how i tick , what i like / dislike , ... edit : got my vent out , don't need to keep it . ah , my angsty teenage years . it's too embarrassing to confess . : blushed : but i'm glad i'm not the only one here who had that phase . i need to sleep but i keep watching a 30 second trailer because i'm excited . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd4zgev08AI questioner . i found some of the answers difficult to choose from . and i wouldn't have thought that ( questioner ) about myself before , but it makes sense . resists outer expectations , and meeting ... zosio 913 * sending you both some warm feelings * sorry reisiger . gonna miss seeing you around . and , i think it impacts some of us too much , so we seek escapism . just because we post superficial stuff online , doesn't mean we don't feel awful in the ... myself . people . my family . http://i.imgur.com/E3A7QzX.gif how i feel right now : go away and leave me alone . this feeling is like having a worm in your brain . or maybe just tiredness . actually ... the malazan book of the fallen series . i love stories . most of my hobbies are related to them . but this series , this author . there have been books and stories i've loved , but never did i ... i am so tired . : bored : am i the only one who feels kind of grossed out by the list ? : shocked : all that mushy stuff , like being a dog wanting to please and loving being petted on the head - ugh , they even say pet . that ... i remember telling a guy once in my first year of college that i was a hermit . he was so confused and weirded out . heh . i don't actually remember much of friday night because i was super tired ... that means a lot , because i usually just feel like a drifter here . thank you marv : blushed : : blushed : : hellokitty :: star :: star : burn this video off the face of the planet ! : exterminate : ah okay . but even your motivations sound good . i feel like mine is kinda rough , more like a hindrance or handicap . it's not even a grass is greener on the other side , but being able to really see how ... this is my 1000th post . i suddenly noticed the 999 . '