' http://youtu.be/NrDuwHTDlKE if you want , i can share a bunch more in the same vein in a pm or what have you . edan is pretty wild . so's the whole def jux era in general . i believe that's more telling of the sort of lies that depression makes us think and the negative ways it makes us focus on those parts and less a core part of your personality . and also it's ... i think that shit quality stuff is called lo-fi . i love it , too . there are so many dn genres at this point , it's hard , especially if you have an eclectic taste , to remember what titles to assign to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5_nrBlR0NbU i have lurked on this corner of the forum for all of an hour at the request of an enfp friend and i have to say , i'm confused and intrigued . i find you baffling , sometimes annoying , altogether lovely ... after listening to in da club and donkey saying that reminded him of his childhood ... this reminds me of mine ... and i still know all the words . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MkEgZI7No8A sadistik , so few people seem to know who he is , but he's too good for people to not listen to . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY5nE51ScKY entj ? as a side note , i have no idea how to link to someone's name that has spaces with it , with an @ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zHQOChoojmE tom waits - nighthawks at the diner run the jewels - run the jewels sadistik - flowers for my father aesop rock - labor days eyedea & abilities - by the throat chance the rapper - 10 days and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TY5nE51ScKY well , melancholic . not too much of a surprise there . 200866 if you guys need certain pokemon there are some subreddits that have pokemon trades up once you figure out what your safari is - unfortunately i don't have my 3ds anymore , but the games are way too ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2dv_wT6Dnmo hadn't been on this site in awhile , but i dug this out for you . i hope you like the rest as much as you like that little bit . it is probably a better example of how i write when i have no intention ... if only africa had more mosquito nets . then we could save millions of mosquitoes from needlessly dying of aids . just as well . i think people should at least know what's happening with something like that and how to stop it if it happens again , even if i don't really condone that happening and wouldn't wish ... forcefully . for one , their pain is not yours no matter how much you empathize . it will always be real to them and an imagined hurt to you unless you've actually gone through that . there is as much ... you say that like you didn't think it wasn't warranted . in other words , you're brushing off the potential to look at what you're doing in a light that isn't glowing and heavenly . weed is as dangerous ... that's a pretty common experience , honestly . essentially it sounds like you are doing the equivalent of a weed od , referred to as a white out . there is a lot of anxiety that happens in subsequent ... awesome . i've been waiting for a chance to be depressing and verbose for awhile . let me just put on my bon iver / bright eyes playlist and light some candles while i get into this shit . i've smoked ... i think that might make it harder , honestly . haha . there's a pressure to know , at least with the people around me who do listen . i don't usually seem to know what's going on in my head , which is ... i have trouble telling what i'm feeling , honestly . only recently can i be like wow , i'm extremely sad ! so , for me ? no , not really . hell , i barely know when i'm happy . trying to talk to people about ... i was hoping to be done with counselors . spent much of my teens in and out of there , found a couple ( for different things ) and within the last year have quit going . there will always be something to ... if i was a pencil tip i would always break . hey guys , it's been a little bit since i've contributed or even stalked around these parts , but i do keep y'all in my thoughts somewhere . they've been kind of cluttered and a little busy , but i'm ... if you have it , i'm sure , it's almost always marked by a pretty big trauma . there are a lot of things that can look like bpd , but , really ... they all fall under the same sort of treatment . and it is ... i prefer barefoot around the house , mostly ... but when i'm out i really like my desert boots . they're comfortable and they look nice and simple . if i had the money i'd have a lot of different pairs of ... sorry , a bit of that was pent up frustration ; i really did not mean to bomb the thread like that . i didn't see the closing off in this thread and that whole thing was more meant to be a thread of its ... which is very difficult when you're depressed , but it looks like you're doing well and moving towards that . i hope you get the job , honestly having something to do like that can help immensely - i'm ... 1 . for a person you loved deeply , would you be willing to move to a distant country knowing there would be little chance of seeing your friends or family again ? yep . i'd still call my family , i ... i can't really speak for other infps , but i'm an amazing liar . i've gotten out of trouble so many times by lying and ... very rarely , but it does happen , does it come back and bite me in the face . i ... 1 . you discover your wonderful one-year-old child is , because of a mix up at the hospital , not yours . would you want to exchange the child to try to correct the mistake ? that is such a tough ... there are a couple ways you can go . if you would prefer a physical copy , you can self-publish for a sizable fee and distribute as you see fit and sell it on your website or some such thing . if you ... the problem with suggesting this is to anyone is that , just like with a controlled drug , you will not be able to predict the outcome . you are not going to balance that out and , generally , speaking ... you're a creator keywords nonconforming , impulsive , expressive , romantic , intuitive , sensitive , and emotional these original types place a high value on self-expression . they enjoy working ... this . all of my this . ^ i would like to highlight this post because it is nearly impossible to duplicate what he's said here in a fashion even half as wonderful . thank you for posting such insightful ... shouldn't the point of this forum to be analyzing why and how you can function alongside those people despite the vast differences ? considering those vast differences are what brought us here in the ... anything . even if i don't like it i'll eat it because for me eating , much like drugs , was just about instant gratification . if i had to go with anything , though , it would be pumpkin pie / and / or ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2gCgluVD0Aw sometimes i just wanna ' destroy the orcs . all kinds of things , though i grew out of metal a bit , but i still listen to some . i mostly listen to indie rap and rock , but i enjoy more traditional rock and some techno as well . i like jazz , ... no ma'am , i enjoy collecting sharp pointy objects . haha . i don't really feel needles when they go in me , but my pain tolerance is stupidly high - all those deadened nerves ! character torturing is ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RWYpGCNUkis amazing song + typography . that's how we roll : knee-deep in the guts of our enemies . as an infp and a roleplayer i've never really liked mages ... i've always preferred to get up close and stab things to death or cleave them in two with a gigantic sword . these pictures are friggin ' ... forgive me if this question was already asked but ... why is this thread here ? helios is also in the group goldmund , so other people might know him from that . i hadn't heard this version before , but his music is so lovely . from pressure comes diamonds . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTbVGPSBO6Y http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myrXteh2Vv4 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Gl54fVtlWs http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NcalJSO6jDY '