' well said ! :) i go through fases ... sometimes i feel good and sociable and post stuff cause i dont care what they think , and then other days , i just withdraw , specially with negative comments ... and contemplate ... i have a strange relationship with fb too , on the point of liking and commenting ... my friendship circle varies , like day to night , its like having tom and jerry and bugs bunny and coyote ugly and ... maybe not as a general , but thats propably unconciously a connection thats made ... mean if there was no gender icon ... it might be assumed that youre female ... :) haha no worries ... i saw youre real life picture today and i was ... omw ! he does look like jack black ! ! :D lol i saw youre avatar and then youre male shortly thereafter ... so i must admin i am a bit confused ... still working on that mentall picture ! ! :D wanderlust ... in my mind , you apear as a german backpacker ... :) ps ! hope you guys dont offence to my imagination ! when on pc , i have this mental picture in my mind of what the people behind the avatars must look like ... at least my imagination already made a picture compisition according to the posts they leave , ... omw ! ! are you even an infp ? ? you are so laidback and breezy , like nothing fazes you ! lol ... keep up the good work ! ! :) my doctor angers me when he treats me like there is nothing wrong and its all in my head ... like i am wasting his time ... no empathy there ... :) been out of school for many years now and even though i grown in myself and confidence , growing and gaining wisdom , i looked up my old school associates on a certain social website not too long ago , ... i was thinking bout pure evil today ... and why and who is ... and i think most people are not pure evil , , , even murderers and rapists ... most of them are people in a realy bad place ... screwed up ... hey ! ! ! youre a type 5 too ! ! :) whats the dream about ? thats the worst kind of evil ... that rips out youre heart , leaving you gasping for air , untill it lets you go ... floating to the ground , a pile of dead , brown rotting leaves ... :( ( most people dont understand the true depth of evil ... :) each of us has or own journey ... dont let i feel ruin or hurdle you ... how many of us feel that way ... we are like sad magnets pushing each other away , whilst wishing for someone to be ... seems like the best thing ... just relax , , , gaze at the stars and keep our opinions safely tucked inside ... :) its never too late ! ! youre only 26 ! ! go for it ... i am 34 , and wanted to be a psycologist or councellor untill a few weeks ago ... when i got hit with reality and realized that working inside whould ... i am craving human contact ... replying to peoples posts makes me wary of subconciously trying to make a connection with some of them ... can replying be just objective ... or are we drawn into the ... dont appologize ... some of us always try to feel stranger and more alienated than the people next too us ... i know i do .. :) from my point of view , there is nothing wrong with you . keep those posts ... was not disjointed at all ... i am always working hours overtime without compensation but my boss gets a fitt if i am one minute late ... yea i got the beiing late speech many times ... and i am ... i feel depressed too ... life is clawing at my soul today ... as i was working today ... it dawned on me , how dense and primitive this 3rd dimension is we are living in ... this planet , in the darker parts of the universe is filled with survival , my body ... dont run , dont die , dont feel , just let go and appreciate the love that you found ... regardless of how you see youreself ... :) hugging youre friends and familie is different from hugging someone you love ... on that level ... i often hug familie and sometimes strangers , , , but its a distanced hug , like there is an invisible ... personally i find team playing hard ... even though i am very sociable ... give me a task on my own and i shine ... with others i suck ... :) yup , absolutely ... tagging along sucks , , , what we want is true companionship ... something i crave , but alas seems to be lost in this world ... unless i am alien ... and on the wrong planet .. :) its because i am a relative new agnostic ... if i had to give myself a quick label , thats why i caught youre vibes ... and i think spiritually thats what i was trying to convey to you ... though more ... totally ... i think that for infps this site is worth more than propably any other personality type ... :) i feel ... today ... :) there is 2 choices ... marry for love , or money . it sounds 2 me like youre aunts married for love and was disillusioned after all this married years ... enlightment is reached by balancing the darkness and the light ... pure balance is the hardest struggle to gain .. :) what truly powerfull and enlightening words ... spoken by someone who has lived this life and had a peak behind the veil of life ... i too left the church and religion behind ... spreading my wings ... i prefer to drive alone too , then there is no akward silences and i can sing horribly out of tune at the top of my lungs ... pretending that i am an idol ... :) all work and no play makes jack a dull boy ... i finally made a ... the spiritual breakthrough that is about to change my life forever ... the insight that i always knew was there , but could not remember ... like amnesia . and i am suppose to be ... i always feel confident when i am alone and at a familiar place , and i dream about goiing places and doiing things , meeting people , , , that is untill i get out there , and instantly i am out of my ... nothing stings like , knowing you cant reach that special someone ... lol , and we shall call it the club for ... ? ? men . :) lol reminds me , of the days i had to do homework , and feeling very sleepy , i whould lay on my arms at my desk , pen in my hand , snoozing , ready to look bussy when my mom came into the ... i loved collin farrel in fright night ! ! time we saw a real scary vampire for a change ... i think he was realy great in the role ! ! :) hunger games was disapointing ... maybe the hype was too much and goods too little ... there was nothing original in it for me ... :) you spend youre school resess in the library ... you have stacks of magazines in the bathroom ... you throw open some very old news papers on the floor prior to painting the room and end up getting ... that is so totally me ... all of them ! ! :) nice picture ... wish it was me in there , all snugly and safe ... :) they say we dont choose the cards that we are dealt with ... does not make it easy or fun ... if you get the joker all the time ... :) alternate clowing around with beiing serious ... you know ... bit of both can do no harm . :) how cool is that ! ! sounds like fun ! ! :) just when i found a friend ... she got banned ... :( what does ban mean anyway , , , and how do you achieve that status ? '