' this was such spot on advice that i laughed , because i was already dreading being in a situation where i would be saying oh no , not again . you're entirely right that i've been frustrated by her ... this was great--thank you . i think it would be helpful to ask for a weekly check-in and / or other best practices rather than focusing on what she could've done differently . i see that my bias here is ... hi eryngo , it was great for me to hear that i'm probably not going to get an apology . i think that's true , and i do think there's part of me that would like for her to admit that she messed up , so i ... thanks islandlight . that's some good advice . i think i should definitely come with the questions for her on this . i was planning on working out the hours i have for other projects plus this last ... hi ! i'm having an issue with an intp higher up at my company . is this the place for questions like this ? if it isn't , let me know . i'll call my intp higher up kay for ease of reference . for ... ah , thanks for sharing ! i love how symbolic that gift of the fountainhead was , and how the gifts from your dad opened up different fields for you . that's really cool . now i'm thinking about a small , ... thanks for these tips , furryfury ! are you a scientist ? i'd gotten a bit stuck because i know he'd love have a drone to play around with , but the past two weeks of reading drone specs in my free ... hello entjs ! the holidays are here again ! though there have been some gift threads and questions before , i'd love to hear stories behind a gift given to you from a loved one that has remained ... sangoire , i loved this : i like the shades of grey and the unplanned because that is where i learn the most . i hadn't ever verbalized it before , but i feel a clear , singing resonance with this ... i'd choose the fancy winemaking vineyard estate if we were doing something like learning how to make the wine , learning about wine pairings , etc . but i also love wine . and learning . if it's more than ... ooo this is hard . from my own perspective , i would say this in one of two circumstances : ( 1 ) romantically , i forced myself to make a move and it was a very difficult thing for me to do and if nothing ... yep , that makes sense to me . aligning a company's overall strategy with hr seems like a task for an entj . translating the interview into an evaluation of a person's potential economic contribution to ... : laughing : ooo that's cool to know . maybe i am onto something . those fields do seem great for entjs--creating well-working systems that involve people ! hm ! as an nf , i've found that nts are great psychological counterparts for me . although i've thought of intjs as more interested in psychology ( and particularly psychiatry , since it's more ... i've thought about this a bunch . i assumed for a while that i'd just have kids someday , but as i've thought about it more in recent years ( now that i'm in prime baby-making years ) i've realized that ... xntjs are tied at the top . i've had serious relationships with both an entj ( current--lovely ) and an intj . i like different aspects of both types . i'm leaning towards saying that romantically ... this list makes me wonder if my entj so and i would've made it , if he and i met earlier in life ( we're at 3 years now though ! ) . it's definitely something i've wondered before , and actually not just ... ah , i see . there have been a handful of times i've known i was going to get along well with someone or even known that someone was going to be important to me , but it doesn't really hold to type ... based on experience , intjs are probably the most consistently good ( and reciprocal ) connections i make . my so is an entj though , and it's the best relationship i've had to date . entjs are much more ... i have , funnily enough , worked on endeavors for almost all of the social causes you listed above . i've worked in high-need k - 12 schools in areas of the country with some of the highest crime and city ... hi seraphap , it's taken me a little bit to respond , but mostly because stiletto said much of what i would've wanted to say . i agree with stiletto that your lady's response to break up with ... thanks , all , for taking the time and for your input ! i guess the situation didn't seem that definite to me , but that could have been my perceiver lens and that i'm entering this situation late in the ... maust , thanks for your response . it might be that he has done some sort of cost-benefit analysis and decided that it's not worth it to make amends . the remaining care that he's expressed to me ... hello entjs ! this is something i've been curious about for a while and my entj so hasn't really given me a satisfying answer , so i thought i'd throw it out here : background : it seems like my ... i'm sorry if you felt that i was generalizing what you were saying . i wasn't complaining about you generalizing . i was adding another perspective to what you were saying and pointing to the fact that ... haha , yeah , that's a good summary of shameless nation's and my discussion . i was mostly just speaking up , because shameless nation made it sound like all infps would rather stay in their ... most similar ideas are generalizations ? i'm not sure what that means . yeah , we're definitely focusing on different parts of infp descriptions because of our different values . i do not want to be ... right , i wasn't saying that evaluations of success aren't subjective . what you wrote implied a fundamental difference in how an infp and an entj would evaluate success--that's what i disagree with ... hmm ... i still don't agree . i think that goals can definitely overlap , even if the way infps and entjs approach a problem can look very different . additionally , if a person can look outside of their ... i actually completely disagree with this ! i think , yes , i enjoy the process / journey more than the entjs i know . they can often be more focused on getting quickly to a goal ( it's nice though that the ... woah ! things have really gotten weird over here since yesterday . i see that you've headed out of this thread , maust . feel free to pm me if you want to continue this conversation or what not . ... ah , i can see how trying to adapt the way you communicate while trying to talk about something emotional could be especially difficult for an entj . and i definitely think it's important to be able to ... hmm ... jumping into this conversation--this point is interesting to me ! i have no issue with adapting the way i communicate for different situations if it makes my communication more effective ; ... it's easiest for me when people are sincere and transparent . i'd say acknowledge that you can see both sides of knowing the tough spot this leaves him and the shop and how that made this a difficult ... hahaha , that little blurb is wonderful . thanks for the link . oof , and sorry to hear about the hit on your health and wealth ! hope you've bounced back well . do many intps have issues with substance abuse ? a couple of the intps i know struggle with this , but i've resisted thinking it was a thing since two people doesn't really make a pattern . they're also ... that's great that you're trying to help her get to know the profession better and are open to her being serious about being a creative ! in times of stress , a good way to motivate an infp is just to ... handsome jack , is your infp girlfriend on the track to become an art professor or is she still deciding on how to go down that route ? and does she have any work experience ? how is she supporting ... hmm ... we're derailing this thread , and i'm thinking you're mostly a troll so i won't bother with saying anything else to you after this post . i'm also with maust about reporting you . i certainly ... true that . it's only important not to reveal what your vulnerabilities are ( cloak your true vulnerabilities ) . uhhh ... isn't that hiding your vulnerabilities ... while also being disingenuous about ... i also believe we kind of choose who we love . maybe initial attraction / chemistry / connection isn't as in our control , but then we're have the choice to grow that connection into something deeper or ... hi summberbug , first off , i'm an infp in a long-term relationship with an entj , and i love the dynamic ! if you're still interested in her romantically , i would not advise saying otherwise by ... hmmm , this is really interesting to me ! and it's led me to think that maybe infps and entjs are rigid and flexible in very different areas ( opposite areas ? ? situated well for accelerated growth if ... thank you for this thorough response ! it was really informative . engage her with se activities to feed her ne ! that's a revelation . i try to feed her ne , hoping some of my ideas will catch and engage ... interesting ! thank you for your response . do you have any suggestions for what might be a worthwhile award ? i'm wondering what kind of rewards wouldn't trivialize the tasks at hand and that i could ... thanks , everyone , for your responses ! i'll keep these bits in mind as i move forward with her . justjulia and lunagattina , i'm sure she's an intp . she's been one of my closest friends for over a ... hello intps , my intp friend has been struggling with inaction for years now , to the point where she can get extremely depressive ( i . e . can't get out of bed , can't make herself eat , plenty of ... oh my gosh , that picture is infp-enfj perfect . my vote is for entjs . i very much like being with mine ! theorectically , i could easily see myself working well romantically with certain entjs , ... what the what ? there are a number of things wrong with this : ( 1 ) you're assuming that socionics relationship pairings trumps all other aspects of person-to-person compatibility ( i . e ... hi there , handsome jack . does your infp girlfriend know how strongly you feel about this issue ? not because that in itself would be likely to change her stance on it , but because the two of you may ... '