' holy crap . i never really thought about it , but i'm completely the same way . everytime i make someone laugh , it's usually because of the conversation we're having . occasionally i like to make up a ... i find this funny because i can literally go weeks without talking to a single person , just because i'm not willing to put the effort in starting the conversation . but it wasn't always like this ... so i've been thinking about children a lot , because i would love to have some of my own one day ( although not any time soon , cause i'm a bit young ) , but i have this gut feeling that they're going to ... 26/36 , which is average for the adult population . 42 % though your conscience is in the right place you also have a pragmatic streak and generally arenx 92t afraid to do your own dirty work ! youx 92re no shrinking violet - but no daredevil either . you ... trust me , i am in complete control of my mind so i know when i'm depressed or not . i'm not lacking emotion . i should have elaborated further , my bad . it's not that i don't feel any emotions , it's ... the first thing i want to say is that i am not depressed . so i've always had this laid back personality , but recently it's sort of evolved into an i don't care personality . although , before , i ... 6 . authority : 2.00 self-sufficiency : 0.00 superiority : 2.00 exhibitionism : 0.00 exploitativeness : 0.00 vanity : 0.00 entitlement : 2.00 i suppose you could help her anonymously ? if she has a phone , you can help by texting her without her getting attached to the real you . send flowers with notes on them ( i believe in you and ... i think tattoos are an excellent way to express oneself . although i find it stupid that people don't think about a certain tattoo for at least a month because that stuff can be very regretful later ... i don't think there's any species alive that can see all the colors . humans can see 99 million colors , which is only 1 % of the light spectrum . ( we only see those colors because we evolved from fish , ... maybe we're not soothed by the color blue , but rather the frequency is gives off ? and perhaps we incorporate red as a signal , because red is the color of blood , or danger , which , in itself , is a ... i think i saw something about it on tumblr , and i just now started thinking about it . and now i need to find the video ... what if the colors i see aren't the colors you see ? what if red for me is green for you ? this would also explain why people have different favorite colors ; what if everyone's favorite color was ... i don't get depressed like other people , mainly because , if i want to feel depressed , i will have to force myself to become depressed . and i haven't made myself depressed in a long while . i ... over the past 9 or so months , i've become more and more dark . i guess it's because i'm angry with humanity . i'm sick and tired of stupidity , which sums up humans perfectly . there are people out there ... http://img.gawkerassets.com/img/1813aqov5wc2jjpg/original.jpg even though nuclear bombs are one of the most powerful weapons man has created , and can kill thousands of people within seconds , i ... my mom's boyfriend's parents are staying at our house for a month ( they just flew in from russia ) and the first thing his mom wanted to do was hug , but i automatically went for the handshake . i mean , ... something i've noticed is that infp's writing is more poetic , while an infj's is more structural . another thing is their energy ; infps are a lot more energetic . besides that , they're pretty similar . i am very happy that i started this thread . now i know all infjs are sneaky little bastards who are afraid of fighting face to face , haha . you know what's up . so sneaking is totally an infj thing so far . cool beans . ahh , very nice . personally , i have never used daggers , or dual-wielding of any sort . another sneak player ? perhaps this is a infj thing . i don't really see the point in sneaking if you're a ... i've been spending a lot of my time playing skyrim , building up my character and stuff , then i got to wondering . what characters do other infjs create ? i'll use my character as an example . i am a ... the saddest part about finding people you love on the internet , is that they're on the internet and not in your life . sure , i can't stand his music , but he's such a piece of shit . the most recent thing i can remember is him pissing in a mop-bucket type thing . seriously , that's fucked up on so many levels . he needs ... i'm just reading your responses , wondering what drugs you're on . but seriously , an orgasm can cure a headache . so there's that to look forward to . from my current understanding , j is structural and p is more whatever goes . i'm definitely a j , although i love to throw p in there every once in a while . i'm constantly making plans in my head ... do you have good memory ? and if you do , would you rather have a bad memory ? with good memory comes remembering important dates or things , what you want or what you have , how exactly a conversation ... i'm definitely a low-leveled materialist . i mean , if you look in my room , i don't have many things ( never have had many things ) . i have a bed , a table + laptop , a stand thing + tv + xbox . i don't ... i was actually wondering about listening to several and what would happen . the way it works is that a different frequency is shot into each brain , so like 100hz and 107hz , your brain begins to ... i heard that you can do other things , even listening to music ( so long as you can actually hear the binaural beats ); but for maximum effectiveness , i recommend getting in a comfortable position , ... well ... it should be moderate to quiet , in volume . good headphones or a good headset is recommended . i think you should see a doctor about your head though . i heard that 100 % with who's heads ... what are binaural beats ? you can read more on binaural beats and what they're used for : http://ebinauralbeats.net/types-and-uses-of-binaural-beats so i did a specific one on inter-self ... i like to point out obvious flaws in which they can fix in order to better themselves ; so i don't really make a project out of them . although , i do like to experiment . i believe around a month ago , i ... honestly ... i probably won't do anything . i hate the spotlight , most of the time , and i hate arguing because i take everything the other person says into consideration and i begin to fail . ... don't become something you're not to please someone you hate . ( i've had troubles with this one . ) help as many people as you can without causing any conflict . if one does drugs , do it for the fun ... mines simple . first , put in the bank . i believe , in my state , 15 % is taken out for taxes . that leaves me with $ 104,550 , 000 . i'll keep $ 15,000 , 000 of that for safe keeping and to make sure my family ... let me tell you one thing straight off the bat , if i , personally ( not sure if this'll involve other infjs ) , had none of what you mentioned , i would have killed many people . it's hard to truly get me ... infj or infp , for sure . i like a feeler , and they're usually intelligent . nope , just 2 beautiful nipples on me . the same thing happened to me . overall , i think i'm an infj , but depending on the mood , i can be any of the inxx types . my cba on the nuclear foreign policy . 3 pages if typed in proper mla 7 format . 1001 words . you may use this as your own paper , i don't mind . nuclear foreign policy “ i know not ... hahaha . if we don't act nice , then we might become something we're not . i mean , that's the way i view it . besides , if f types aren't nice , then who will be ? it's just in our nature . oh , and i ... wrote this for my senior paper . it's roughly five and a half pages in proper mla 7 format . critique me harshly if you want , i already turned it in and got a perfect grade on it . 1603 words . you may ... i'm not sure if it's an attack towards someone or a compliment or what . so i'll just say thank you instead . thank you . oh wow , interesting point ! : o being a real friend and talking to me first is not unrealistic . seriously . get that out of your head . and i only did this to one person , i don't have any kind of ... neither of us like to talk about feelings , so it's actually quite difficult to talk about them . do you know anything about the infj ? our feelings are locked in a box that's locked in a chest which is ... how is starting a conversation with me every once in a while an unreasonable expectation ? and for the hundredth time , i did not try to forget them . i see them every day . i'm friends with them on ... i'm not trying to forget about anyone or anything , got that ? good . now , i know it should happen naturally , but it takes too long . i'm a bit impatient ( terrible habit , but whatever ) . also , it could ... eriehwfijmfjvcm that's what i'm trying to do . it's actually what i've already done . i'm not trying to forget them either . where are you pulling this information from ? ! - they're a waste of energy - ... '