' i understand that ni is a strong background process in the ile type ( i'm also an ile ) . what i am skeptical of is that an ile ( or an intp ) would ever be quite that aware of their ni .   ... i prefer the term neuroatypically extraverted but ambivert is fair as well . i am an entp with very slow mental processing and chronic mental health stuffs , and so i present pretty darn ... an intp and ile with command of ni ? very , very suspicious ... esfp or estp . as much as he is trying to project some warped pseudo te dom persona ... it's just another one of his shenanigans :P please don't listen to the majority of people here who are saying you must simply have social anxiety because autism is a debilitating disease : bored : it could very well be all to do with ... whenever one of these hypotheses comes around it's usually from either the nt = intelligence camp , or the intuitives are smarter than sensors camp . you seem to be part of the latter but i was ... heyo . i followed the rules for physical safety and to get my way , but broke them when they really sucked and i could get away with it . i have become more of a rule breaker as time has gone on . 508914 maybe the universities are realizing that not everyone has a stellar reading speed , and that's okay . making reasonable accommodations for the many to give more people opportunities to engage with ... nah , i think you actually know your type :P eh , i have no clue who you are but you vaguely remind me of an intp i knew who had good si integration . haha , it's great how the movie is only 14 minutes long without the emotions ;) point taken though , she is designed to be an every kid , and this is even more clear when you just see what's going ... a character whose main arc is her inability to cope with change and unable to see the potentials in a new environment ? really ? that was not the character arc at all . she was seeing potential in her ... most entrepreneurs are like this :P but we still persist . if you have tried it and failed , maybe it just wasn't the right business . you just have to stick with it long enough until it is big enough ... or maybe you're just reading all of that stuff between the lines because you are an intuitive : tongue : the myers & briggs foundation - sensing or intuition maybe that you read the sensing ... well , i mean , if you really wanted to , you could type that bouncing lamp that's in the pixar logo . doesn't mean that the typing will have any basis or meaning :P i think you do have to draw the line ... riley is completely typeable . if one is to argue which characters are not typeable it would be the emotions . if they are purely just one emotion , they do not have enough of a psyche to have a ... nope , completely accurate for me , and for all thinkers unless they are complete thinker-style denial :P the brain is literally ruled by feels . this is what pixar got so right and made this such an ... yeah , just saw it , man was that an amazing movie , and well-executed to boot . every psychologist / cognitive scientist's fantasy . it made my week for sure . anyway ... not sure that you can ... it's neurodivergent not neurodiverse . must message these people right away :P your neurodiverse ( aspie ) score : 148 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 49 of 200 you are very ... can anyone really type ethan craft ? :P i think that gordo can be typed but he's just tricky . i'm leaning intj right now . he has an odd sense of knowing for a middle schooler . lizzie is ... well thanks there for the spoilers : th_sur :: laughing : but really i could see this duo typing working . i would believe enfp for hiro before entp ... maybe what i was reading before as his brand of ... i was just watching that one episode where spongebob doesn't want to clock out of work because he finds it so sad and all , but is comforted by the fact that once he'll get home he'll reenact and ... otto exemplifies se , reggie exemplifies te , sam exemplifies ti , and twister ... well i'm actually not sure about twister . otto : estp reggie : extj sam ( squid ): intp twister : xsfp have you actually tried showing him how the logic of his arguments is flawed ? he might respond to that more than simply being told the error of his ways in an emotional tone . i'm mildly autistic , and ... feelers aren't more warm / friendly . that is a myth , particularly when dealing with fi . thinkers may be mistaken for more introverted than they are but no they aren't any more so . yeah mbti so far doesn't have the most stellar record of scientific validity . that is because the indicator itself has a pretty high rate of mistype ... that's why it is just an indicator , it kind ... i've never had an employer formally assess my personality , but if they ever do , i'm an entj : th_wink : lol what ? since when is loving to try new things equivalent to must have tried things like drinking and always putting yourself in situations that nearly kill you ? drinking seems boring as heck to ... how much of a role do letters play in determining the alphabet ? if you consistently identify with ne and don't identify with fi that much that just doesn't line up with infp at all . no matter how ... i've been assimilated . it's too late ... gallop for your livesss ! i sent you a private message on the matter , just to be safe . thank you for the help in advance ! or is it really just a sample of the bans that are listed in that sub forum ? over the years here i've noticed many instances of members who are banned but do not have a listing there . i understand ... the eternal inferior si / dominant ne struggle . all of this points toward entp and none of it points towards introversion , so i don't know what the dilemma here is . yeah i don't think there is a mutually exclusive dichotomy here ... i didn't identify with any of it : you have tendency not to rely on top / tendency not to rely on bottom which means you ... this is what wide circles of acquaintances are for . no human being can handle 100 % of all 500 sides of me nor should i ever expect them to . this level of mbti abuse is why we can't have nice things . fire , canyon , the name digital blasphemy which is completely brilliant and i'm totally jealous of , little grove of trees that would definitely be one of my secret hideouts , river runs through ... ni is overrated as the world domination function . ni may have the vision , but ne has seven micro visions , and one of them is ending world hunger through controlling weather patterns and allowing ... you've got this all backwards . this is all the makings of the world ruler , it is the tj sidekick who is going to help to make sure the world doesn't fall into complete chaos ... let's face it , entps are the only ones who will be able to throw away the rules and multitask enough for this to work . that , and harnessing the resources of the galaxy without angering the aliens ... lol , it really is like mmorpg rankings :D i find it all fascinating , and not even close enough to scientific to be considered pseudoscience . it's more of a spiritual philosophy of sorts . i think i'm just about converted to the intp side for him . it lines up better than istj and a whole lot better than intj . one just has to keep in mind that intps aren't fully p - they are ti dominant ... lightworker and entp . i would've liked to have known by what margin though . i already knew i would score as something special because i'm a rainbow crystal indigo person and can see the future ... 71 masculine 56 feminine 55 androgynous well now that this movie's out on dvd maybe someone else knows what to make of the characters ? i'm surprised no one has guessed estp or esfp for hiro . sure he's an inventor , but that might just be ... yeah kuzco is esxp . the t / f is honestly a really tough call with him . patcha ( the peasant frenemy ) i see as isfj as well . his wife strikes me as a thinking type of some sort , though maybe not ... eharmony is a multimillion dollar industry in itself . of course it is going to trash some of its main potential for competition :P ^ i would guess 6w7 moi ? 288282 you must be one of those fi ni infps i was talking about . or an ni fi infj . who knows ? but yeah in the case of a strong introverted auxiliary function ( in an introvert ) that would create such a ... 99 % of the time i see it as white and gold . one time , i scrolled to it and saw it as black and blue , but when i scrolled back up to the picture it was permanently white and gold again . this is ... '