' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lg31XQR22zg also , i think i am starting to have some fear of driving , even though i don't want to i ate a pear , 3 chocolate cookies and drank chocolate milk nn ~ i don't . i actually hate cleaning hum ... i think your medicine is causing you side effects . i take antipsychotics because i have panic attacks and what you describe are side effects . try to read the bull and if there is something ... i understand your need to want to be original , i feel the same way . however i think in my case it is not that strong . i think you should like to have people who have the same preferences as you but ... ooh , i got it now ; 3 was just being honest ^ ^ did i do something wrong ? both . i like to be dominant but i love to be submissive too . it is exciting when you trust your partner and want them to consume you completely . however ... it is amazing to be able to do everything ... well ... that is what he said . out of nowhere personally .. everyone knows i am werid - . - different portuguese and english oh .. yes ... it has ... i can post the conversation and everything . thank gods i never saw him again : no i get it now it all makes sense i know why i cant chase you or connect to you properly ... i am a really jealous person t-t thank you so much for your point of view . i find it really cute that you are in a ldr too and that it is working well ^ ^ it woulbe be easy to call the end of the chapter if i didn't like the ... nn , guys flan welcome : 3 so i am : sun sign - aquarius rising - leo moon sign - scorpio midheaven - taurus ff xiv , fire emblem , ar tonelico qoga knell of ar ciel , valkyrie profile silmeria , ff x , ff vii , mana khemia , ff xiii ( my boyfriend gives me a lot of games to play t ~ t ) i was looking to some pretty boys in a shopping and bumped on a fire hose i am a different infj it looks so ... at least for now . i don't even want to have children . i find the idea of having a living being that shares your dna and your partner's dna really cute , but the ... 5 ' 5 - 1.66 m hum .. i think my partners value my strength , my individuality and i think i bring to them happiness by being silly , comfort by trying to help in any way i can if i feel it is the right thing to do . i ... any question for me ? : b if the thread doesn't exist already hello there ^ ^ i hope you have fun here ! psst , i love intj's ^ ^ 408058 4080 66 welcome : 3 i am a portuguese girl so we kind of understand each other ^ ^ once i laughed so much at my ex because i said something really stupid which i find hilarious . i said to her you are like a paint-brush , but with hair on both sides if you guys are getting what i ... petting my cat and listening my mother saying silly things - . - goodnight , pals hum ... i guess ... she may have doubts ... i guess she is somewhat between wanting your attention and the attention of other person , maybe that friend she was talking about . i kinda like an intj > > ... not really . not yet i think so too . specially when you grow up with the sensation you are weird . you want to create a high level of perfection in order to cause a good impression . so i think it is perfectionism , even if ... i too have a lot of self-awareness , specially when i am meeting someone new and i am thinking too much , trying to make a good first impression i am thinking that i don't want to get fat , even though i am happy i won a little more ( distributed on my butt and legs ) however , i am feeling sick of my stomach because of medicine and now i am ... i just know my sun is aquarius and rising leo . i need to find the other two . can you explain them to me ? ^ ^ i like isfj's ^ ^ my ex is one and my current boyfriend too ^ ^ i don't see them as negative , although they may think negatively sometimes ( i am even more than them ) . all that they may have that may be ... i personally think intj's are amazing ^ ^ but i wouldn't change my personality type anyways i am more or less , kinda confused and tired brother bear u . u 1 - infj 2 - i picture my mind as some kind of paradox , complex , confusing , as if your thoughts and feelings were exactly the opposite . sometimes i can't even understand what is my head or my ... 16 personalities i find this site really interesting , simple and fast . it has information such as weaknesses and strengths , personality descriptions , examples of celebrities that share the same ... this is a story of a boy , who became a man , by becoming a bear brother bear movie x3 i am nervous about my driving classes today and i am not feeling well due to my new medication so , i am really curious to know the star signs of our kind to see how vast they are ( or not , eheh ) . i am curious to know if the star signs and the personality types have something to do with each ... yeah , really close preferences ^ ^ really ? ! i want to discover that person ! it isn't really usual to find people who like ar tonelico series , which is a shame , because the games are really good . some ... the line that divides sanity from insanity is really frail fe '