' i get annoyed more easily . i hate most remakes . all i can say is stop turning fucking books into movies and making them horrible hollywood . come up with something original for once , geez . this . i can't seem to break the shyness even online . i tend to over think things in both mediums . i am usually more open about myself online , but i over think even more so on the internet . i think ... art , history , and math so far . because i am tall , i usually walk quickly with long strides but as noted by friends , i have no definite walking speed . one minute i'll be walking very quickly with long bold strides and them stop all ... i think you meant that it would put a smile on every male intp face . there's no definite perfect date for me , but something that sounds like fun to me would be going to a museum or a park and later coming home to watch movies .. i don't know . i think just spending ... i think all these social networking sites are too much work and are really pointless . i barely go on facebook . maybe once a month . i only go on it when i need to communicate with friends that never ... i've thought about world domination many times and i've concluded that it's too much work . i'd rather sit back and relax . i was thinking , maybe i'd slowly destroy the world to see who survives and ... yes , if someone were to walk into my room , they'd probably be able to guess my personality , to some extent . my room is not simple at all . it has a lot of off beat colors and tons of pictures ... i am not afraid of death but more or the pain before you reach it . i accept that everyone must die at some point and that it's unavoidable and i don't really see any purpose in living forever . maybe ... i know when i was really little , i was really territorial of my friends . i didn't want to share them with others , but that was long ago and things have changed .. i seem to be really protective of ... i can't get enough of the stuff . though it can be annoying when some people who can't use sarcasm in a witty manner over use it and come off annoyingly dim . wow , i can't believe i read all 12 pages of this ... well anyway , probably istps , intjs and intps would make a great team . we need cold heartless killers that can think calmly , clearly , ... i'd like to say i have my own internal dialog at all times that clearly analyzes ( mostly ) everything . if it's an action , i weigh the pros and cons through deep contemplation and observation of the ... i've been told quite a few times by friends that i've acted add . it's all been said in a joking manner though . when talking to them , they sometimes don't understand my thought process and to them it ... i was just listening to the cover of big yellow taxi by counting crows , and it got me thinking about my life so far and things i've learned along the road . as the lyrics say , you don't know what you ... i'm and only child , but sometimes wish for an older sibling . my friends with siblings think i'm crazy for wanting a sibling , but they don't really understand the immense loneliness that comes with ... i have two tones of speaking : 1 ) soft and quiet - after a while of not using my voice , i need a way to get used to the feeling of projecting my voice so it's comes out a bit soft . 2 ) low - medium ... out of boredom , or the sudden , burning urge to learn pi and gain nerd cred . - spouse / significant other : intelligent , interesting , fun , loving , unique - employer and / or employees : efficient , independent , innovative , creative - children : funny , fair , caring - closest ... i got intp . though , over the course of this test , i was pretty easy to see which results went to what personality .. if there is a severe problem with something , i will inform who ever is in charge , but i never complain unless i am so pissed off and dissatisfied that i feel the need to make it known . i usually keep ... ah , i do this a lot . like when i'm on the internet , i don't like people to know what i'm doing even if it's nothing important . i've also reached a point where i have to be very good friends with ... since i grew up with a person who was an excessive worrier , i really try not to worry about anything to avoid getting too stressed out . i try to stay mellow about most things . i talk to my best friend or listen to some music . if that doesn't help , i distract myself . i feel the same . when i'm in a group surrounded by idoits and slackers , i feel the need to take charge because if i don't do something , we'll all fail . i'm blunt about everything , but can lie very convincingly to get out of trouble ( mostly from practice ) . i got 0 - neither , even though i scored more male results than female . music is definitely an emotional outlet for me . that's probably why i dabble in a wide range of genres because what i listening to depends on my mood at the time . i don't really understand the ... all the times . that's why my friends love me . my policy is that i'd rather be weird and unique than normal and like everyone else . girl : oona lula luna frankie odette eira jeune / jeanne dahlia kanna ... and went back to sleep . compared to others , i find my reaction strange . when my grandfather , whom i spent most of my life with and practically brought me up , died , i didn't cry . i couldn't cry for some reason . i just ... sometimes i listen to music or look at other people working hard towards their goals and that motivates me a bit . as quick and painless as possible . probably an over dose of sleeping pills or a bullet to the head . off of sia's new album , be good to me . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p_5l8FVvRAg if i posted all of the videos , my post would be extremely long , so here are 8 . flcl ed http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xCKtq_hANrw dennou coil op http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OSgcItx7DS0 i've tried a lot of sports over the years , but non of them really appealed to me . now , i don't really likes sports that much , but from time to time i'll play a little volleyball . that's probably the ... i love children . i treat them as equals , but make my vocabulary more simpler so they can understand . i'm a bit of a pushover when it comes to kids and let them do whatever they want , but i find it ... i tend to stick to the nt and intp forums . i also like to check out critical thinking & philosophy and science and technology forums . i can always find something interesting there . .. they'll pass out .. i have a daily hug ritual with one of my best guy friends , but that's my limit . if i haven't seen one of my best friends in a long time , i will hug the life out of them .. but ... george carlin , jim gaffigan , nick swardson , mike birbiglia , and dave chappelle rarely . the food has to be so delicious that i have no other choice but to express my contempt through strange noises . if the food is good , i will say that it is good if asked or to the cook after ... i'm not sure about people's assumptions about me and my intelligence . i'm the silent type , so people don't really bother with me and i don't bother with them , unless they're interested in becoming ... welcome fellow intp :) i can't think straight when i'm tired , so definitely not in the morning . most of the time i'm witty . however , i'm only witty around people i know or around good friends because i don't usually talk ... i play video games every once in a while , but they're always really weird and not really mainstream . i really love the prince of persia games , whiplash and this really strange one called cookie and ... i see your point but surely not all intps are friendless hermits .. i enjoy the company of close friends most of the time , but there are those moments when i need my alone time . i personally like all genres . it all really depends on the artist . i like r & b , but not the new stuff . i really like some of the older artists like heather headley , whitney houston , etc . i don't ... '