' when was your birthday ? you should watch it asap then ! how was amelie ? sucker punch . it has some pretty awesome action / fight scenes . the color purple by alice walker one flew over the cuckoo's nest by ken kesey a clockwork orange by anthony burgress ( i haven't read it yet , but i hear it's good ... but has it's own slang / language ... 18 catcher in the rye - jd salinger 22 the great gatsby - f scott fitzgerald 39 memoirs of a geisha - arthur golden 83 the color purple - alice walkeri read quite a bit , but not a lot of the ... the losers . this by darius rucker . end the fed by ron paul . ron paul 2012 ! woo hoo ! i have to say there are some things i do not like admitting to ... like when someone asks me what tv shows i watch or what kind of music i listen to or used to listen to . so i want to know ... what's ... pretty in pink & documentary modify . update : i lied ... last movie was dragonfly . happy for no reason 7 steps to being happy from the inside out by marci shimoff i have noticed that most posts that talk about isfjs are negative . it makes me sad because i am one ! i'm sorry . :-/ as sad as it is , you'll be better off without being her friend . good luck to you ! cats hands down . we have two cats and a dog ... and a rat ! the rat cage gets stinky so quickly . i never thought i'd be a dog owner , but my fiance talked me into it . luckily , i am not disappointed ... well , that is not good at all . i understand why you don't want to confront him . i don't like confrontation myself , but sometimes it's necessary . if he doesn't realize he gets angry or doesn't know ... if you're very concerned about it , i'd suggest talking to him about it . depending on how he reacts about the conversation , that should tell you even more about how he is and if you should stay in ... i'm a isfj , and i believe actions do speak louder than words . both are definitely important , but someone can always say something and do the opposite . i agree . i did hear getting a degree in english can limit someone , but it depends on what they want to do . if you'd like to teach , then english would probably be good . if you have time , do some ... i'm so sorry to hear that . although this may be difficult for you to do , i personally would no longer want to be friends with her . a real friend wouldn't call you such things ... especially in this ... it's very rare for me to wear make up . i don't like the feeling of it . i've always been a tomboy . i definitely look better with make up , but i don't over do it . i try to go for the natural look . ... if it's really bothering you , i would bring it up to her ... ask her if there's a problem because you feel she's been avoiding you . let her know you'd like to talk about it if that's what the problem ... i wouldn't really want to study any law ... especially criminal law . i would get too pissed off if i actually worked in the field because criminals usually never get what they deserve . i picked law ... my job / not being in a career i want to be in is my biggest stressor . i tell myself to take it one day at a time and i won't be there forever . i know my job is helping provide for myself , my fiance , ... x amount of words by blue october on pandora.com : happy : blue october - lead singer justin furstenfeld the song into the ocean is always great to hear , but it is even better when i'm having a bad day . it just fits . i agree ! even though he was a jerk for 6 years , he still had that charm the ladies could not resist ! i can relate ... even when others post about the personality type . the notebook a walk to remember dirty dancing ghost titanic beauty & the beast i hope you're not going on another date with this person . definitely inappropriate and none of their business . i love dexter ! i'm finishing up season 4 . my cd player in the car doesn't work . : sad : it's either radio , ipod , or silence . i was just wondering what radio stations other people have programmed in their car ( this will change from state to state i'm sure so please share what kind of music it is ) . besides music stations , ... i'm at work and hoping the time will go by fast . it never does . : frustrating : i currently work with someone who says she can read peoples energy and she can commicate with spirits . i think it's very fasinating . although i'm glad i do not have that ability because i'd be ... i apparently do not smile enough because people tell me to smile often . a lot of times i'm not in a bad mood , but i'm not in a mood where i'm going to just be grinning for no reason . in pictures or ... i'd have to say sarcasm and stereotypes . although i will laugh at a fart & dick joke as well . for example , the show family guy , futurama , and south park cracks me up . calvaire , that is very creepy . i don't know what i would of done if i were you . i think if i lived in a house that was haunted , i'd be freaked out all the time . my fiance's parents house is ... girl names : lillian ; chloe boy names : michael ; andrew ( fiance's name ) unfortunately , my fiance & i cannot agree on a boy name ! the only name we agree on is his ... and i'm not a huge fan of the ... it depends . when it comes to myself , i'm usually a pessimistic . when it comes to others ? optimistic ! for example , i'll always tell others what they're good at or that things will always turn ... being a mom . it'll probably happen , but it doesn't pay ! lol i am personally not into piercings and / or tattoos . the only piercings i have done are my ears . a friend of my mine has had many piercings and tattoos . it doesn't really bother me because it's not ... sound of rain greeting from my dog when i get home from work hot chocolate on a cold day my cats curling up with me in bed silence after a long day of work hearing a favorite song on the ... i'd like anyone that has had a paranormal encounter to share their experience . also , please share if you were / are a firm believer of ghosts / spirits , etc . i have not had a concrete paranormal ... i procrastinate so much i actually procrastinated making this post . haha . hugs are much appreciated and needed from loved ones . when it comes to people we hardly know or are not close to ? it's awkward ... although i'm sure it would be for most people . heck yes ! i watched that movie yesterday . :-) just a few i can think of ... captain jack sparrow ( johnny depp ) sweeney todd ( johnny depp - it's kinda weird ... i know ) chris brander from just friends ( ryan reynolds ) robin from robin hood men ... i'm sorry to hear that ... i hope everything else works out . spaghetti & garlic bread . yum ! thanks a lot . :p roud : i just read that article and unfortunately it sounds like myself . i can relate to this thread and i'm not proud of it . : sad : '