i have several forms of synesthesia . ordinal-linguistic personifiation is the only one with a name to it . other things , not just numbers and letters , have personalities , too . months are one example , ... congratulations . welcome . watch out for the army of horned larks that lurk in this forum . i must leave . goodbye . i'm sorry about the double post ; my computer is an ass and i'm not sure how to delete one of them . - i usually draw clever puns or faces in profile , but every once in a while , a maze or two will come up . i'm not all that fond of dogs . i'm more of a cat person , but i don't really like those that much , either . : near from death note 58153 motoko kusanagi from ghost in the shell 58154 shikamaru nara from naruto 58155 stein from soul eater i am going to be a biologist , and i love doing surveys of native species , identifying plants and birds , and just thinking while outside . i go out when i feel like it in the spring , fall , and summer , ... i believe something similar , but not quite the same : i am , therefore i think . those who breathe and take up space but have no questions , those who do not contemplate , those who just slip by each day ... heh ... water-bear . just be there if he needs you . thank you . i'm glad to be here . i tend to twitch constantly , lay on the ground frequently , randomly say scientific facts for no reason , play with anything in front of me , and walk with one arm to my chest , one arm down and not ... okay , then . * cough * is your avatar the girl from the cover of miss peregrine's home for peculiar children ? not the exact picture , of course , but she looks like the same girl ... oh ... lain iwakura . i don't mean to be ... 57630 one of my senior photos . i see . i suppose you're right . thanks for clearing that up . i'd been wondering for a while . the lakes where i live are quite eutrophic , and the bottoms can be particularily nasty . rinying , if the bottom were especially mucky , isn't there a small chance that they could get stuck and not escape ? how many ducks , when dabbling , get their bills stuck in the sediment at the bottom and are unable to breathe and therefore suffocate ? indie , some pop , classic rock , and some classic country , as well as japanese music . either like a little kid , a college professor , or all in white . i'm going to be a biologist , and hopefully i can impact the world in small ways over my career . focus on biology and the environment , small class size , on one of the great lakes , great programs , more casual environment , impressive lab equipment ... the list goes on . through biology . gradually . there are more efficient methods , but the majority are quite unethical . no problem . it made the person sitting next to me laugh for 10 minutes , too . : 3 i see . honestly , i wish i was a bit more aware of my habits . i try to change up the things i do sometimes . once , i ... people tell me things like that constantly . one person pointed out that when a computer is being especially glitchy , i kind of hiss and do a wolverine-like hand motion . i always eat one food item on ... my two closest friends are both intps . i seem to get along with that type especially well , often ' clicking ' very quickly . my two other close aquaintances are both intjs . i don't . not yet , anyways . however , if i did , i would bring up a complex topic and ask for their opinion on it , hoping it would lead to a thoughtful discussion . * cough * 57069 for me , it is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion , however satisfying and reassuring .   ...