' so here's the situation : me and my estp father - who have been on rocky terms almost my entire life - have started trying to get along as of late . i know he's very eager to get on my good side after ... dear esfp , isfp and infp childhood friends , i just wrote an insanely long thank-you letter depicting our entire friendship since age twelve and my views on it - how we've grown apart and together ... ¨ hmm . interesting post , which helped induce a pivotal moment for me concerning my first heartbreak ( intj guy , of course ) . ( warning : storytelling time ahead regarding first love experience with ... ^ this . extremely ne / si . it's obvious you have ti / fe , but i agree that you don't seem like an estp . i think there's a bigger chance you might be an entp with developed fe or something of the sort ... it depends . 1 ) are the things you say relevant to me ? 2 ) are the things you say interesting to me ? 3 ) in short , do i in any way care about you or what you're saying at all ? if all of the ... ... when you ( or your enfp husband ) make fried rice every thursday because your daughter once commented on a thursday that she really liked the fried rice you make . and two months later , when she ... - loyalty - discipline / respect / manners - level-headedness ; does not jump into something without thinking things through first - problem-solving attitude without failing to attend to details ( hence ... ... i'm guessing i'm not the only one enjoying this show , then ? * stops hiding popcorn * and just out of curiosity to those of you debating over the source of the entj arrogance - what does that have ... i wonder if this hasn't been written already , but i think this is the most common answer in conversation from any entj i've ever come across while with another ne user ( or i'm using uncensored ne ... olmed 3011 and entpreneur : an entp meetup does sound pretty interesting - i wonder how it'd be like , though . the idea of knowing that the other people around you reason the same way you do and in some ... dark opal : i think your questions are pretty difficult to answer , since estjs after all only share the same sets of cognitive functions for how they reason . there may be some shared traits as a ... this is pretty interesting . i used to have a theory about nts being super-empaths as children - at least that's the case for the majority of the nts i know irl - and that early puberty is when our ... i'm quite exhausted so i might've misunderstood the masses of text throughout this thread , so correct me if i'm wrong : - you want to improve your relationship with entps in general , especially ... i may not be particularly old , but i disagree with the idea that there is no failure . there is - and sometimes it's important to acknowledge it , because sometimes , admitting that you did wrong or ... one thing i've never understood about 3 stereotypes is how we're supposedly doing it for the sake of other people's praise and favor . granted , when i was younger , i always thought my accomplishments ... 3-8 w9 - 5w4 http://fc02.deviantart.net/fs71/i/2011/024/8/f/guardian_by_svoja_i_nicija-d37y0dy.jpg http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs42/i/2009/127/9/0/Guardian_by_Ironshod.jpg it might be a little ... quietmarvel : ooh , i'm almost jealous too . that cake looks fantastic . i wish you a happy birthday too ! :) negativeradical : maybe you should find yourself an sj ? my estj best friend always ... nah , i mostly don't care . like businessman said : people believe what they want to believe , unfortunately . it's pointless to waste energy getting worked up about them being wrong if they're not going ... i'm pretty renowned for making up crazy methods to make boring subjects interesting - the kind where you actually have to memorize the stuff instead of just understanding it . some ideas : for my ... i definitely agree that the esfj's way of thinking seems a little off . as far as i know , ne / si users think the same way , only ne users are more prone to ' skipping thoughts ' with si anchors and si ... you know an entp loves you when they go through a lot of effort to give you a present , and then brush it off as if they just randomly threw something together when it's obvious they didn't . ( i ... the intj doorslam is pretty infamous at this point ... but have you ever un-doorslammed somebody ? i'm just very curious . i used to be very close with an intj but due to lack of communication and me ... hi ! i started to write an article in the entp articles forum last month , but due to my studies and rl , i didn't have time to finish my post . i saw that the edit option was off , so i thought i'd wait ... i always made up crazy stories and games too . up until i met an intj in the other class - he's still my best friend - i never met anybody with an imagination like mine . when we played together , ... my entp best friend's pet name was bimbo when we were in junior high . she was basically the walking , talking stereotype of the popular cheerleader you'd see in teen flicks . it was mostly just ... when healthy , infjs are like patronus charms straight out of the hp series ; ethereal , mystical , calming . ( and equipped with an x-ray vision into our deep , dark souls . ) you come in all shapes and ... dear failure , you almost had me there . i've tried so hard . so goddamn hard . i no longer know what it's like to wake up and just take the day as it comes . my life is an endless myriad of ... dear intp friend , thanks for the super-wasted text messages you sent me at 5 am last night ! i find it rather funny that you have to describe your entire night , what people you met at the club , who ... as a general rule , most estjs i meet are probably bad-tempered if you cross them . but as i don't cross them , i find them to be very calm and easy to get along with . xd noliah : ever tried to look ... hmm , interesting . i don't actually think i've encountered this dilemma ... not sure if it's because i'm always so busy in my career i don't have time to meet people too frequently or if it's because i ... i'm an asian born and raised in sweden ( lol , the best of two worlds judging from my fellow swedes / asians here , eh ? ) , but i've learned to debate in another way . i still express my views - only less ... hmm , i don't really know if dragging him out is such a good idea . when i was 12 , i was really introverted myself and did the same thing . the reason was because i hated my middle school . i became ... hmm , i agree with you to a certain extent there . body language does say a lot about a person , especially such strong emotions such as genuine anger or happiness . however , i wouldn't necessarily say ... more than often when it comes to those situations , i ask them to show proof that i am wrong rather than asking me to show proof that i am right . if you can't prove that i'm wrong , you also can't ... guerillacommercials : http://a2.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-ash4/317056_10150389087833716_567533715_8457164_653952012_n.jpg oh , i think you must have misunderstood me there . i haven't actually been diagnosed with cancer ... yet , anyway . so far , i've spent the past four months seriously struggling with health issues , but ... i'm too lazy to read through this entire thread , nor the other one . but i read the first post , and i do recognize myself in that . the problem is , i think , not low self-esteem or insecurity . people ... ... always one of the most difficult questions for an n , isn't it ? so here's a little game : just answer whatever jumps into your mind when you hear that question . however , you must read the post ... you .  ... is that your window over there , all open and inviting ? :) okay , intjs - here's a question for you about a fellow intj ... i have an intj best friend whom i like very much , in a little brother kind of way . he has absolutely zero fi , which can be a bit ... ... i just love how this thread randomly derailed into a heated debate about marijuana . xd at least you guys don't need to question what mbti type you are ... lol . that aside , i think everybody is ... i definitely agree that it sounds like a s / n problem to me rather than f / t . i'm in the same boat , i've been invited to a dinner at my isfp friend's place ( with her isfp fiancé and our isfj / esfp / isfp ... you are not alone , my friend . let us join all forces and fight those that oppose our sexiness ... with our sexiness . just imagine the things we could accomplish . they would never be able to resist ... ... you forgot sexy . never forget the sexy part . d < here's a post i wrote about what estjs like / dislike in a person for those who are interested , btw : ... trololol , brainsss . 8D ( such a pretty , pink thing to look at . pink is evil . melikes evil stuff . mraurrr ... ) nah , all jokes aside ... i'm pretty much into tall guys , preferably lean to the ... i have done some shadow exploration , actually . except some of your discoveries don't really relate to mine ( the ones at the end ) . nonetheless , we do have some things in common - like the neediness , ... oh , you entjs . you always make me laugh : crazy : soured lie : you sound exactly like my esfp sister's ( entj ) ex-fling . he said the same thing ... i unfortunately forgot that , so when i told her about ... i've met quite a few infjs , but they're never the same . in fact , i often refer to you as the chameleon - the only thing you really have in common is the way you reason [ ni / fe ] , but other than that , ... i find it extremely amusing that the only infj i've ever known to be attracted to another infj was completely awkward around him . considering how both of them are brilliant both in terms of ... dear elitist classmates and former elitist me , intellectuality ? power ? prestige ? what's all that about , anyway ? so what if we attend one of the best business schools in europe ? so what if we're ... '