' so ... stuck in a love triangle for the tl ;D r . good friend of mine and him are fighting over her . wondering what to do . some back history : girl i met during my time with my ex , we never really ... wrong thread . oops . that would be fine to write about . you should stress that these are red flags of a possible problem and you need additional context as to why they are happening . simply stating x = y is ignoring alot ... ( just a passing by infj wondering if he's a intj ) just to add onto this , if you have some activity that you like to do , like reading , playing a certain board game , video games , card games etc ... not that much of a minimalist . i would feel deeply saddened if my book collection turned into electronic form etc . while i adore technology and it's the focus of my degree - there is somebody about ... no i fully expected this as well . was generally amused still . :P everyone can eventually feel cynical etc if they constantly get taken advantage of . i find anyone can turn into this , no matter what personality . gullibility is not exactly a limited to a single ... i agree j's would definitely be screwed if the plan falls apart . either i'll be that second in command for the villain or i will be fighting with my group . chances of survival ... 40-50 % i would think . depends also on the types in the group . but , i would say i have ... yes i know a variety of infj's , only one is in my inner circle . however even with any infj , there is a deeper unspoken connection i guess . perhaps because we're in the same boat , doing the same ... yeah i'll fully admit - i'm socially awkward and have poor small talk skills as well . if i have some basis for what they like / dislike or whatever , i can usually come up with random questions or ... that could be it . obviously since i am not there , my advice is not solid 100 % . i can kindof gesture in a rough direction to go . you technically don't have him at the moment . just to point that out . yeah it's scary at first , but once you start asking - those butterflies will disappear . not saying just go ask him out on a whim ... happiness : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mTUMmJBXDw energetic : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rP2zA3lZk9Y sounds good enough evidence to ask him then . especially the first part . door slam , door slam , door slam . from 15 seconds to 25 seconds . that's what i feel like life has been for the past couple of months . something good happens ... door slam . i feel like i'm in a ever ... someone once asked me a similar question and i responded with an answer very close to this . well you can always try to provide him advice in how to fix his relationship . in my personal opinion , infj's have a great tendency to know what to do , but they just aren't sure if it's the correct ... could always try to have your friends ask for you . drop a line like so ( your name ) and ___ seem pretty close , anything developing there ? i would pick a person who is naturally curious if able and ... junior in college - technology management . i enjoy heavily learning about how to manage / deal with people . i'm also getting minors in psychology , business administration and robotics . yeah , i got tons ... was a virgin until 22 . then that girl came along we both fell for each other . no need to digress on what happened . :P if it happens , it happens . at the time , i heavily wanted to get laid - but i ... i always thought he was a intj . * shrugs * sometimes ... but nope . my solution : have a signal for all my friends to use when they think a girl is obviously flirting with me . of course this doesn't work when i'm alone , but at least i know ... i'm ambidextrous ... but i typically write with my left if i have to choose . yup same way here . though i just keep plugging away endlessly in search of it . yes i do develop crushes easily , though they usually go thru the grinding machine by the end of week ( after i continue talking to the person ) to determine if they are worth the leap in the long run ... natural : somewhere there is small amount of traffic - but not a ton of people and remote . i'm not really that picky . mental : my head , whatever i can think up to suit my needs . a thing i would like to point out , something someone does naturally maybe good for a start , but someone who had to spend time learning over the long run will always supersede them . the problem that ... patton is one of my favorite all time dead guys . also rommel . i grew up where world war ii was a big thing on the history channel and in my dad's books shelves , so i naturally fell in love with them ... as others have said - wolf . threaten one of my own , i rip your face off . hard to befriend , but once you do , you has a friend indeed . i would say relationship wise ... if it happens , it happens . if it doesn't ... that's ok too . sometimes the best way is just to follow the current . raised christian . hardcore agnostic . that's right i'm a hardcore fence sitter . usually we either talk about it outright or silently thru body language till agreement is made . i haven't had many arguments where we weren't able to resolve it . yup this is the same as i am with my infj best friend . sometimes we don't even have to say anything and just communicate via body language . sometimes i can do this . other times no . depends upon the situation . sun : cancer ( water ) moon : aries ( fire ) ouch . this is a deadly combination . i feel sorry if someone had to face me with these powers . offensive : if i carry a battery with me , i can literally ... interesting concept ... have you tried it out ? recent one - nate , your a quiet lancer . my best friend and me often will sit there trying to read each other . though i don't think it's more of an awkward silence thing . just more of something is bugging you isn't it ? * * * , we ... definitely not proud to admit it but yeah i can get jealous pretty easily . i guess i just go into defensive overdrive with my gf's , though usually it's not without valid reason . my last gf left me ... thanks , yours is pretty nifty too . including your siggie . woo avatar problem is fixed . just remember , women who live together synchronize that time of their month . i've had friends who lived with their families who were all females and he just made himself scarce that week . :P it'll come back to bite your roommate in the * * * . i wouldn't worry about it . those situations always blow up . alright i guess i'll do that . figured i ask first . maybe i had overlooked something . hmm nope . i have my avatar set to show to everyone can see , and i've looked at every other possible setting . i have a high tech iq hence why i'm asking . cause i apparently can't figure it out . does ... i was the well liked nerd . i had friends everywhere . so at least i didn't get picked on often . i'll do it . what program we using ? skype ? bittersweet . not good nor bad . rofl that's perfectly normal . though a slight off topic question . i can see everyone's avatar but mine ... is the forums suppose to be like that ? '