' i stand at five feet tall . this is what i have to deal with every single day . trying to sound clever does not work , even being angry with a person is useless at best , but my death glare works . people ... in kindergarten , i was ' happy go lucky ' . getting good grades was something i truly cared about , i loved singing , i loved school . i was rarely ever in trouble in school , easily made friends , talked a ... this one's not mine . but i thought i'd share it . hipster intj right now : - researching different university programs i could get into . - analyzing jung in the 21st century ( still have to get my own copy ) . - writing more , procrastinating less . - figuring ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8GEebx72-qs&feature=etp-pd-n05-05 thanks to vsauce on youtube . . quite long . . . and when i do get angry , it's mostly other people's stupidity that causes it , they're irrationality , how there's no logic in a certain setting . but then again , i rarely do .. or ... when you've calculated what blunt objects to use in your classroom just in case of a zombie apocalypse ( or other horrible worst case scenarios ) . not only this , you've also assigned each member of ... i recall reading some threads here that touched upon the same subjects too .. and i have to say yes . if i seriously don't find any interest in a certain subject , i could sometimes reach a point ... my teacher started talking about the possibility of euthanizing the elderly in the future , about how there's a possibility of legalizing it . i was repeating soylent green over and over in my head ... i could really relate to this . just a few days ago i had a minor meltdown , but whenever i do cry , it's never because of a single reason , it's always because of a huge confusing clutter . i find that ... 1 . hybrid cars ? - somehow , yes , but i'll ask myself again when i'm old enough to afford one . 2 . classical music ? - it's good background music . :) 3 . tea ? - yes , indeed . 4 . cats ? - yes . ... might be quite a dumb question to ask , but i reached a point of realization after reading this thread ... frustration and guilt .. how are these two tied in together , or how can these two be ... i've only really celebrated halloween for a few years in my life ... since my home country doesn't really celebrate it as much . angel ( 7 ? ) , these past few years .. evil clown , ghost , zipper face , and ... ~ anosognosia i'm not quite sure if somebody has ever posted it .. but .. . cracked articles .. :) hehehe , i'm about the same age as your daughter . ^ ^ try some miyazaki films .. assuming she hasn't seen them yet . i'm in love with them , they're all also anime , the best of the animated movies i ... everyday , our eyes witness how we live our lives . everyday , our eyes witness how short our lives are getting . our own eyes see the passing of our everyday lives ... meh , i'm bored . . lucid dreaming - dream views helps a lot . and yes , keeping a dream journal is important in many people's opinions , because it's what will help you remember with practice . the first step to lucid ... halloween 2010 : 17720 just my curiosity . are there any other intj's that are interested in this topic , or at least practice it ? ( i do ) in any case , what is your opinion on it ? what do you know ? tagalog - fluent english - fluent french - basic ( ? ) what do you want to learn ? japanese spanish education will be based mostly on academics . there will be weekly ' talks ' in a large arena ( tedtalks ? ) , where most of the citizens go to . the country will be the biggest contributor to new ... i also think it's because of how a lot of women in general ( i'm not quite sure if i'm using the right words here ) really do measure up to other women . my own opinion at least , i just think its simply ... generally , nothing . i just can't seem to gather up any courage to talk to them . the thought of them would still make me giggle . the thing is , they'd always seem to find out before i even get a ... i can't sit through a whole episode of one tree hill , degrassi , or the secret life of the american teenager , and even though it's a reality show , jersey shore irks me beyond belief . my eye ... i can't anymore , my stomach seems to have taken a liking to regurgitating it out .. i was just in a party with a few really really close friends the other day ... and today . generally , i would decline , but like today and yesterday , it was all just with really really close friends , ... speaking of anime ... this link makes you want to ... arrggh , there's no words to even describe the violence you can commit . robert pattinson eyes lead in akira remake | film | guardian.co.uk 32 hours .. i was laughing hysterically to myself when i was talking to a friend . the objects on my screen started warping and shifting around , it seemed like the letters were flying off the page ... compared from other girls , in my opinion at least , i don't dress up as much , and i could only wear make up when i have the time and if i feel like it ( which i rarely do ) . i don't get into whatever is ... i have to learn to talk louder . there is not a single day where someone wouldn't talk over me , nobody could even hear me most of the time ... in class , i don't think anybody actually listens to what i ... - dig huge hole in the middle of the city . - acquire a huge meat grinder . - join simon pegg and nick frost's crew . ermm .. that's basically it .. hufflepuff ! :D i can't post links yet - _ - ' but .. imagining the 10th dimension on youtube ... :) ^ i'm guilty of this , i call myself that sometimes when i'm in a dire situation of incorrect spelling , and grammatical errors . right now : i'm just a man on a balcony , singing nobody will ever remember me from from now we are enemies by fall out boy .. this is just a guess , but aren't all intj's interested in ancient egypt ? :D as with ancient rome , greece , etc ? also , another guess , don't we all love their mythologies ? i used to read all about ... thank you eylrid ! :D when people first talk to me , you're so cute ! , then it turns to why are you so smart ? , and you're so asian ! , once they get to know me a little bit you're so weird ! ... :/ been reading this thread for a while .. hehehe here goes my first post . - when you answer a sarcastic comment with a logical response , and you get a death glare from whomever said it . - when ... '