bruce wayne : infj batman persona : esfp ( moral edition ) alfred : isfj rachel : esfj commissioner gordon : intp ra's al ghul : estj ( messed-up edition ) the joker : entp ( messed-up edition ) harvey ... age : 16 gender : male country of residence : uk nationality : best thing : my sheer quantity of mind , which allows me to be creative , perceptive and highly intuitive all at the same time . worst thing : my laziness , i mean if i had to represent myself in one ... jacksepticeye - i love him because he seems so nice , sensitive and chirpy whenever he plays video games , plus his kind of loudmouthed randomness is quite endearing ! superwoman ( lilly singh ) - she's ... yeah , i know what you're saying . the media tries too hard to influence our views , and alas the more gullible members of our society ( namely the sensors , no offence to any sensors reading this ) are ... being a male an an infp , i think that gender stereotypes are total bullsh * * . i fit the female stereotype more than the male stereotype , which just goes to show that there isn't much point in gender ... ahem ! yes , infps do exist in the uk , there's one replying to your message right now ! we infps are just smothered by the sheer number of esxx types who live in the country with us ! i can relate to y'all so much ! i've kind of ostracized myself from other people my age because i find it really hard to talk to them . this isn't because of shyness or anything ( although i am a hsp so ... i used to not like intjs , but now i think that they're pretty cool . yes , their kind of cold and distant disposition can be quite off-putting , but on the other hand , i think that they can be hilarious ... for me the question isn't age , its niceness . i mean , i could feasibly get on with someone who's like 13 and person who's 45 , provided that they're both nice to me and treat me with the respect i ... hahahaha , so true with me ! i'm normally an amiable and affectionate guy , but i'm told that when i get angry i can be pretty scary ( king kong ain't got sh * * on me ! and all ) . that's mostly because i ... story of my life , although it's nice to have some male friends around , too . i've got a friend called peter ( who's an intp , i think ) and we agree on basically everything , so he's often the receiver of ... hahaha , i actually crave both types of affection ( i'm an ambiverted nfp , so i seek affection as well as give it ! ) but alas , people like us never get any because other people are too busy fawning over ... i'm 16 and a full-time student , but i have to say that i am bloody terrified of going out and finding a job . i mean i am one hell of an emotional wreck , my cv's all over the place , i'm not very ... well , it was in government and politics on friday and one of my friends was talking to another person and made a joke which i didn't find funny , and i told her so . she coldly told me it was a joke ... well , where do i begin ? - game of thrones , breaking bad and all teen drama tv series ( because they're all seriously over-rated ) - people who post everything about their love life on social media ... i'm normally an affectionate and caring individual , but i've rejected everybody who has ever asked me out . this isn't because i'm an infp , it's because i'm a fiercely independent ace / aro who wants to ... any of you express your emotions in a totally fi way all of the time and not care what other people think of it ? oh , god no ! i've always been more of an fe person myself ( i'm basically an enfp , ok , ... enfps : - are optimistic and hopeful ( me ) - are so crazy that everyone assumes they're on drugs ( so me ! ) - hug everyone they meet ( me ) - like to keep the mood light ( me ) - are really open ... i use fe more than i use fi , so i'm cheerful and positive most of the time . i only use fi when i'm around people that annoy me ( so when i'm in philosophy , i'm basically a sociopath ! ) . i'm very passive-aggressive with my philosophy teacher , but that's because she's patronising , condescending , insensitive and judgmental . in my opinion deserves every last bit of it . alas , school ... well , i have an esfp best friend and we talk about so much stuff when we're together and we share common tastes in music , but we also compliment each other very well ( although he can be quite shallow ... people are very often at ease when they're around me ( i'm more of an fe than an fi , sorry fellas ! ) , except my brother and sister . whenever i say anything they just stare at me like i'm a great big ... i'm a spiritual person and believe in a supreme intelligent force that shaped the world , but i don't have any religious beliefs . i do believe in angels though as is evidenced by my avatar ! ... try everything in the book for about 3 years and then give up . full-blast focused : nah , my mind is always wandering . controlled : nah , i'm very spontaneous and flexible . there is no plan to my life beyond graduating sixth-form , getting a job and maybe buying my ... nobody can replicate me . ' nuff said ! i've never really felt that way about anybody but i guess my advice to you , my friend , is to let him go . my best friend was in a situation like this about a year ago . he was absolutely infatuated ... i sometimes mistype as either an esfp or isfp , and i have no clue why ! i'm a borderline enfp , so i guess you're probably right ! * under breath * ' it'll be easy , ' they said , ' those infps won't suspect a thing , ' they said ! i got an above average score on an eq test , i don't know if that means anything . ways in which i fit the stereotypes : 1 . i'm very empathetic and kind 2 . i'm a bit of a loner 3 . i'm a good writer 4 . i often feel lonely and misunderstood 5 . i'm not exactly very conventional ... 21 years ? that's pretty good going ! because i'm an ace / aro , fiercely independent and i like being a virgin ( talking about sex makes me uncomfortable ) . i'm going to stay single and a virgin for the rest of my life ( if i still can keep ... nah , i just rely on my very good memory . i think that kind of intensity is more down to being a j-type than a t-type . i'd probably have her down as an enfj because she's quite philanthropic and maternal as well as being stubborn and ... i'm a very spiritual person , and i do kind of believe in magic . i've just finished my first novel , actually ! i haven't published it yet , but i'm hoping that after all the reviewing and so on , that someone will probably accept it for publication . as for my ... my advice to you is two things : firstly , there's no need to be scared of your sexuality ( i think that lesbians are quite sweet ) , and believe me i know how it must feel to be trapped in a place ... i don't really want to have children , firstly because we live in such a crappy world , and secondly because it would tie me down ( and i value my freedom and independence highly ! ) my best friend is an esfp , and he is honestly one of the best people i've met in my life . he's outgoing , funny , cheerful , soft-hearted and accepting ( he's also quite handsome , so he's quite the ... * gives a huge hug * aw , you poor guy , i'm really sorry for your loss ! advice : first of all , you've done the right thing by coming to talk to others of a similar personality to yourself ( i know ... yes . sexuality doesn't change according to age . i've never thought sexually about anyone , and even when i do i don't get aroused by it ( the thought is usually followed by a thought about cake or ... my friends ( i love them to bits ! ) my writing earning enough money to get by i'm asexual and aromantic , so sex and dating don't play a big role in my life . i'm quite happy being a single virgin and i'd happily stay one for the rest of my life . i'm also 16 years old , so ... i usually do one of two things : 1 . skip to the next part and wait for an idea to pop up while doing so . 2 . go out and have a cup of tea in a cafe or something . i am very sensitive and i get quite shaken up by things , but i wouldn't describe myself as naive . i've noticed that there are five kinds of infps . 1 . the gothic ones : these are the people who are really into dark stuff and read steven king literature as a bedtime story . 2 . the wistful ones : ... my parents have always been going on at me about how i'm eventually going to need to go to university to get better grades and get a good job and get into the system in order to support myself blah ... i'm 16 and i've given up ( and yes , i'm a virgin as well ! ) !