at the moment i'm in a relationship with a chinese enfp ( 7w6 sx / sp and confirmed ) . she basically possesses all of the typical enfp-traits . open , yet ambivert . quirky , yet serious ... you enfp-people ... house of leaves by mark z . danielewski , ni + meta-fiction = fireworks . i'd recommend anything of italo calvino as well . congratulations ! : happy : ' hey ! my car's got a new fix , you definitely wanna check it out ! ' although my list frequently changes , i will give it a try : 1 radiohead 2 talking heads 3 pink floyd 4 the smiths 5 nine inch nails ( not the newer stuff ) 6 porcupine tree 7 tool 8 aphex twin ... i'm a bachelorstudent philosophy ( and history ) , don't feel the need to get a phd in philosophy , too many dogmatic professors at my university ( leiden university ) . i tried to troll an entp , did i succeed ? they are too sensitive . friedrich nietzsche - the gay science : book v - aphorism # 354 . this aphorism is perfect . : shocked : i've finished firefly last week , such an amazing show ! :p roud : great post ! my teacher in philosophy of language ( he was giving a lecture on the paradoxes of zeno ) said that time was like a game of chess . every chess move is a different ' now ' , but all the ... it may be that the man in the corner wasn't drinking champagne . spooky tale , i know . in all circumstances , he's still happy . :) the man in the corner , drinking champagne , is happy . just an open question to fellow infjss .. what's your view on / relate to time ? i haven't seen many entj 8 ' s lately , i'm starting to miss them . : sad : any isfp 9w1 with a clever mind / heart would be welcome too . : crazy : that saddens me . i was trying to make something out of this thread . :( terry pratchett ! x-factor , really ? is this some ne-joke i can't comprehend ? : tongue : anyways , i really think that ' the wire ' is ne , since the whole essence of the show is about the interconnectedness of every little ... congratulations fellow infj ! i really like your avatar ! : kitteh : i'm not an entp , but i still want to recommend ' the wire ' to you guys . i honestly believe that it is the ultimate ne-dominant function tv-show for some reason . 91247 * drumming definitely an infj . intj , due to my headtype enneagram , i guess . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FATTzbm78cc i think that this song fits in perfectly , aphex twin in general , in my opinion . mom - enfp dad - istj step-mom - isfj step-sister 1 - esfp step-sister 2 - esfj grandfather m's side - estp grandmother m's side - isfj grandfather f's side ( deceased ) - istj grandfather m's ... well for starters ... a polarization between good typings and bad typings . thanks for bringing back good childhood memories ! : crazy : the train scene is brilliant , don't you think ? i actually wasn't a typical infj-highschoolkid , more like an entp . i was very loud , pushing everybody's buttons and stuff . didn't want to interact much when the school day ended , though . : tongue : yaaay ! the more entp , the merrier ! welcome ! : happy : hmm , i can relate to that . i have a very good memory , but i mostly remember random facts , i'm not good with remembering details which i intuitively deem to be of little importance ( like colours , ... what about yuri zhivago , the main character of boris pasternak's dr . zhivago ? an ideal fictional infj , in my opinion . hahaha , all too familiar ! : tongue : it's ridiculous how little i ' feel ' my body , i never know when i'm tired or hungry . i suppose it's because si is our last function ? no , this won't be yet another selftype-rant topic . i'm just curious about the role of depression in the lives of other infj's , since the infj personality type seems to be somewhat linked to ... james mcnulty ( the wire ): estp bubbles ( the wire ): esfp lester freamon ( the wire ): infj / intp ( not sure ) varys the spiderking ( game of thrones ): infj hamlet : infj albert rosenfield ( twin peaks ): ... oblomov by ivan gontsjarov , it's a russian book about an existential man who rarely gets out of bed . very confronting , even for the depressed and isolated infj . : tongue : i drink alcohol and smoke weed on regular basis , alcohol makes me very entjish , weed makes me very introverted . i have a very high resistance to alcohol , but the day afters are generally like hell ... try something of adam curtis ! special recommendations : ' century of the self ' , ' the trap ' . : happy : yeah , i can relate to this , but the thing is .. ni-ti cycles can be pretty self-destructive , we need those fe-inputs from time to time . yeah , i can relate to that . when i was younger , i loved sanguine persons way too much ( especially enfp's ) . nowadays i'm much more cynical , perfectionistic and logical ( ti-development , i guess ? ) and i ... the wire , walking dead and american horror story . don't like the plots of the latter two too much , but i'm addicted to horror , i suppose . a famous scene of a dark infj , i feel like him , saw my ex kissing with another guy yesterday , watching my face over his back : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rjJ51N7qZY just get on your bike or go out for a walk . it works for me . : happy : smalltalk . : bored : anybody out there who likes their first album the most ? ( i do ) schizotypical personal disorder , schizoid personal disorder and some histrionic traits ( because i love observing ) , i may be a very bad infj-boy . : kitteh : i don't think that ni-ti loops are ... great topic ! this is just too recognizable for me . now i know for sure that i'm a 548 . do you people have the tendency to act very calm and stoic in public as well ? i certainly do . i had many ... welcome and thanks for the laughs , entp-humor , gotta love it . : happy : nooo way , sociopathic murders shouldn't be sentenced to death , what would the world be like when people can't laugh about ... ni ti ne fe intps - you own me with mariokart ! it's the safest form of humor . next to that , many people are just disappointed about life , sorry about that . : frustrating :