' sounds like fe to me . ok . good to know . hmm then possibly dominant ni and inferior se ? so i'm going to guess infj for you . acetrainergreen i still think entp for you . also intp's are not goal oriented because they use ti . te is goal oriented and ti is process oriented . if you are goal oriented than that's probably ... are entps the most creative type ? with ne as a primary function , you would think they are . it looks like your @ sign didn't work again and drunk parrot probably doesn't know about your ... hello and welcome to the forum . hello and welcome to the party . hello and welcome to the forum . yeah so i would say you use strong ni or lower ne . but the thing is i use inferior ne and coming up with ideas for group projects doesn't come super easy for me . it sounds like coming up with the ... infjennifer i would guess your mother to be an esfj :) yes , i know , i was just curious as to what saythe's answer would be . do you get an explosion of ideas at once or one idea at a time ? hmm so still so far i see ixfj . we need to figure out if she uses ni or si . ni vs si : ni vs si - funky mbti in fiction se vs si : hmm so maybe either enfj or esfj as esfj's can have many gut reactions as well . do you need help learning about the functions ? this site is great for that . hmm probably some sort of infx ... infj maybe well fe = external values and fi = internal values so it sounds to me like you use fe . you're welcome . ok , i'll take a look at it later . could you in the new post . that way i won't forget about it / know which post it is . ok . i am hoping tomorrow goes well hello and welcome to the forum . i hope you have fun ! hello and welcome to the party . hello and welcome to the forum . yeah that sounds like ti to me . sounds like ti to me . cause remember te is extraverted so it looks outside of itself . again sounds like ti . ti like where do your beliefs come from ? say you believe that everyone deserves to be treated equally ... where did that value originally come from ? your parents , yourself , etc . ? well fe = external values and fi = internal values . you like to go in depth so i would say your first function is introverted . do you relate to a particular inferior function ? accurate ... you're welcome . : kitteh : awesome . sounds like fe to me . so would you say gut reactions are not natural for you or they are ? diamante other people also originally guessed you to be an entp . not just me . and yes , i do still think you are an entp . i did respond to your last post : and i don't have any istj friends . you're probably a different enneagram type than they are . that test got my type correct . lefteyedominant sorry i don't reply to private messages anymore . i read what you wrote though and i think xntp and xntj are good contenders . have you read this link yet ? accurate ... ok . in total , there are 8 jungian cognitive functions . a person has the ability to use all 8 but most people only use 4 out of 8 . therefore , one must figure out the 4 main jungian cognitive ... could you explain this more ? like where did your values originally come from ? maybe strong fe being tolerant while friend is shouting at you could be fe sounds like intuition over sensing . probably fe hmm maybe inxp ? di you mean to say i want to be with my most important relationships ? so you like talking about your feelings with others ? do you sometimes not know how you feel until you talk out your feelings ... istp https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MiCZdvQXULE then entp for you . isfj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONB6d3cAmRc ugh i hate allergies . where do your values come from ? do you get an explosion of ideas first or use logic first ? infj 1 . i can come off grumpy 2 . i rarely ever stray away from the topic 3 . i am systematic 4 . i am not a dreamer 5 . i can think of all the different ways something could go wrong greetings and welcome to the forum . hello and welcome to the forum . hello and welcome to the party . hello and welcome to the forum . what about intj or infj ? conceptual is abstract thinking . what about xsfj ? it looks like your jungian cognitive functions are ti , ne , si , fe . so i'm guessing intp for you . i don't think you should focus on loudest to quietest but more so on the types that like to share information with others . '