' i should be sleeping right now actually . tomorrow is my first day of work in a new department and i need to get up in 6 hours but i can't get off the internet haha wow i went rhough the last 10 or so pages and i've noticed something ... we are attractive as all hell ! ! xd 2492342492 42 from my most recent play water by the spoonful . and one out of character . yes ! i describe it more like really intense force-field around ourselves and another infj ( p too ) that keeps us from getting too close . too intense . a peace sign necklace . started from my human rights advocating days in highschool and now , pretty much it has transcended into a recognizable detail of my style . bisexuality flag bracelet . no one ... im bisexual if you mean not-straight by gay you're a really good leader , it's natural in you . never heard that before . and ever since i heard that i became confident in my leadership skills . used to identify as buddhist but i've learned and developed my own spiritual ' beliefs ' . actually i usually go on airplane mode on my phone which blocks off phone calls , text , as well as social media notification . i go for a nice long walk with my music player , treat myself to a nice ... yeah i do wish i was more social sometimes . actually , i'll take that back i wish i felt anxious being in unfarmiliar social settings because that's what really puts me off from trying too much . ... random filler in the silence , just discussions on trivial stuff that lack in depth or anything worth remembering . but i do agree with some of you , it is the means of figuring out whether the opposing ... ditto for me ! i don't know about invade but once i find out the mbit type of someone i'm befriending i go to their sub-section on here and get a glimpse into their inner workings of their minds . it's fun stuff ... alright alright i was content reading for the most part but i felt a duty to step in here because i feel that us infj's are coming off way to arrogantly on our infp counterpart . so i'll speak from ... thinking of it now , i'm not too big on reading at all . i much rather watch a documentary then stare at a page for an extended period of time . also , i can have meaningless sex but it's nowhere near as ... most of my friends , the ones i instantly get along with are usually enfj . enfj + infj = good tag-team partners . i've kept one since my sophomore year of high-school back in 2008 . i've finished two already and currently on my third . perhaps one of my better decision for self-realization and improvements . those ... well may i suggest not poking him with the spoon ? it sounds like that's really irritating to him . my assumption is that he hasn't voiced his concern about you constantly badgering him , infj's are ... from my understanding , yes i'm well respected as both a professional and on a personal level . doesn't necessarily mean people wanna be friend me lol . when i'm under circumstances that cause me great stress . but i completely had the revelation that i'm completely sane , but those around me ... i still wonder . http://australiansanta.com/post/84699387659 yep im going to buy that my keenness to observation . i know someone's weakness , their hopes and fears . i can figure them out . i never really thought about exploiting that kind of stuff but since my friends brought up the ... well for me ... 1 ) for the first time i'm actually working on my own damn self ( weird right ? ) . i've been growing so much personally and professionally . 2 ) don't go out much so that lowers my ... addressing this year ’ s mid challenge ra jean wrote a play about a high school ’ s student ’ s journey to college . along his way our protagonist is faced with quite a few issues such as lack of ... yeah i do it . if i feel someone has nothing to offer ( rarely ) when i see their sig in which i associate the member by i would just completely over it . i don't . i refuse to grace my cheeks on a cold relentless toilet seat . i haven't looked into this to much but good heavens is misty day from season 3 not an infj but rather infp . she has that typical free-spirited , screw the norms , emotional impulsive air about her . actually i've always been writing but as of recently my focus shifted towards play writing . one thing that was pointed out to my in my play writing course i am taking is that my work tends to focus ... infj here the valley of wisdom i'll follow back , i am curious to see the tumblrs of all the different type son here anyways ! i find it hard to believe infj's are winning this one ! i've met some stone cold infp and enfj's ! from experience i'll put my vote on infp . pot : to enjoy life better for an objective introspective ( odd i know ) look at myself . also to appreciate the little things . alcohol : to rid my social anxiety in group settings . i don't drink alone , ... i am lacking in evil , i need to step my game up right ? probably jut sleep with someone i knew had stronger feelings for me . they were heartbroken . i guess that's it so far . you're so theatrical i get that a lot . but i don't feel theatrical unless i'm around my close friends at that point i am a walking showcase haha . the whole ' nose in book ' stereotype . i own a lot of books but i've probably read about 10 % of my collection . it's just so boring and tedious haha but to each their own . i don't see why i wouldn't personally . it's kinda amusing and interesting stuff you know thus far my best day of my life is oct 29 , 2013 that was the initiation night for my fraternity . let's just say it was an emotional roller-coaster and it concluded with a big celebration in honor of ... sitting at work on perc . it's a pretty laid back job ... ra life ! enfj just to ave slightly better social skills . #infjlife took the words out of my mouth haha doesn't sound too bad from what you're saying . what do you do when you're level of confidence starts to fade ? also what triggers your sense of confidence ? i'm curious to know . feel free to pass a ... have the same compassion for yourself as for others . put your pride and ego aside and allow others to be there for you , battles are better fought with allies . i scored a 15 . mehhh generally speaking i don't think this is a very accurate assessment of for narcissism but interesting nonetheless . don't read many books , nor do i watch much movies but i do read a lot of plays . water by the spoonful by quiara alegria hudes had me in near tears by the end ! i do recommend . yup actually it's always been on my bucket list . granted in a more romantic sense , like tell my partner i'm taking him / her to a play or something and actually end up driving to the airport with ... law of attraction , look it up boy ! yeah i usually never follow through with it though . i feel like i would feel bad ... but we might just find out soon lol anthropolgy and theatre ... so far i'm loving it . intp . we both get on each others nerve often but we care enough about one another to get over it by next morning . best friend 5 years strong . reading this thread makes me miss my sister soo much :] photo of me seeing how i'll look in a dress xd http://i237.photobucket.com/albums/ff231/JDaGame43/1147655_646669198678341_50928057_o.jpg yes , this is how me and my friends act at malls haha . '