' oh entjs , how can you be scary and exciting at the same time ? : wink : it's just like when my friend suggest , let's exchange scary stories ! my first reaction will be , no no no no no , i won't be able ... weirdest compliment i've ever recieved must be , i wish i could be as selfish as you . said by my infj friend . if i didn't know her better , i would have thought she's mocking me in a roundabout way ... i only found out my love for travelling last year . it's really exciting to go to different places with different cultures , see different scenery , meet new people ... i learned quite a bit from my ... i'm touch aversed in real life , but if a virtual hug is enough for you , then ... here , have a hug * hugs * so i left home , i packed up and i moved far away from my past one day , and i laughed , i laughed , i laughed , i laughed . i sound fine on the outside . fine on the outside by priscilla ahn ignorance and prejudice . i don't care how attractive and intellegent someone is , when they start to crack some rape jokes or make tranphobic / xenophobic comment , i'll no longer be interested in them . 1 . sincerity . it bothers me when people don't mean what they say . 2 . authenticity . trying to live my life as someone else would be counterproductive and suffocating . 3 . autonomy . i want to be ... wow , everyone's photos are just so ... mesmerizing at trikora beach , bintan island 531258 i love ghost hunt , too ! it's a very interesting supernatural / mystery anime with lovable characters . i only watched few episodes of tsubasa reservoir chronicle , but i love the manga version . i never ... thanks for replying : happy : whoa ... you have two esfjs in your family ! looks like you cherish each other ... i'm happy to hear that : kitteh : hmm ... yeah , i guess my mom's habit has something to ... thanks for replying : happy : hmm ... telling my mom can be a difficult task to do . i mean , it takes 20 + years for her to believe me when i say , i hate wearing jewelry . please stop asking me to wear ... hello : happy : i've been thinking about this for quite a while , and still can't find an answer , so i hope you guys can help me . i'm a female intp raised by an esfj mother , and we get along well ... hmm ... let me see ... i had hard time in high school ( not as bad as middle school , but still ... ) i didn't have many friends , and always felt like an alien in my classroom . i knew my classmates ... this world is ... not a world wrapped in light . but that's not all . it's not only darkness . that's not all it is . soma yuki - fruits basket a question for all manga reader : what is ( are ) your fave demographic group ( s ) ? shounen , shoujo , seinen , or josei ? rocksteady finally , a male reader who reads shoujo manga ^ _ ^ what do you think ... kaggra , - utakata . i'm not even a fan of kaggra , but i really love this song ^ _ ^ sumisoul i like bakuman , fruits basket , and fushigi yuugi , too : kitteh : ( i haven't read manga version of death note , so i can't give any opinion ... ) and yeah , filler episodes are annoying . mutatio ... radeness i haven't read 7 days , but it looks promising . i'll add it to my reading list . i'll read after school nighmare , too . it looks like our taste in manga is kinda similar ( i'm not a big fan of ... hi , cowgoesquack : happy : do you like naruto manga more than its anime version ? radeness psychological yaoi ftw : wink : yeah , i love bittersweet ending because somehow it feels more realistic . have ... ethereal hm ... so you like action / adventure manga , mostly from shonen / seinen demography ? : happy : how about monster , rainbow , and jisatsutou ( the suicide island ) ? have you read them ? radeness my ... do you like reading manga ? why / why not ? what's your fave manga ? let's talk about manga here : happy : because you are too warm : tongue : today i read a story that made me remember that this world is not only filled with bad things , but also good things . hope is not that scary . mutual understanding sincerity open minded i'm currently re-reading sakuragari manga . this dialogue always makes me think about the meaning of life : souma : these cuts were made by me ... i've always found it strange . i thought it'll ... how could she be that blind ? even after all these years ... i give up . i've had enough . i'll no longer hope her to understand me . i'll no longer hope her to see the real me . i should have known ... 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? i'm still unsure about it 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) never 3 . how many relationships have you had ? ... my best friend is a female intj . we went to the same middle school and high school , but we only became close ( and later , best ) friends at college . i love her stubborness and she loves my ... i like short poems that has deep meaning . my fave poet is sapardi djoko damono , and this is my fave poem : time is transient time is transient . we are eternal : plucking seconds , one by one , ... environmentalist pacifist academist i like reading manga ( scanlation ) , especially psychological manga . my current obsession is zankoku na kami ga shihai suru . given enough inspiration and motivation , i like writing fanfic as well . ... my esfj mom used to say , have more friends ! don't be so picky ! but now she's less demanding : happy : monster ghost hunt hetalia my mom is an esfj . she loves discussions and debates , so we get along well . libera - going home 1 . yang fana adalah waktu by sapardi djoko damono yang fana adalah waktu . kita abadi : memungut detik demi detik , merangkainya seperti bunga sampai pada suatu hari kita lupa untuk apa . ... i like l'arc ~ en ~ ciel and alice nine . kingdom of heaven . i like how it portrayed religious conflict . my friends are all females , i don't get along well with males . i get along well with my esfj mother . 1 . omnivore 2 . intp i'm an intp , and my best friend is an intj . she's also my partner-in-crime :) to an infj friend of mine ... please stop letting yourself getting taken advantage of . it hurts me to see you get hurt . please stop avoiding conflict all the times . sometimes you need to ... i like fujioka haruhi from ouran koukou host club , aramaki takahiro and iwashimizu natsu from 7seeds , shion and mokuren from please save my earth . alice nine - ruri no ame i'am an intp , and i'm a female . do i exist ? ^ _ ^ i only have few friends , and they are all females ( nt and nf ) . sometimes i like ( interacting with ) my cat better than ( interacting with ) my parents and siblings angela aki - sakura iro nice song , nice pv :) '