' i was extremely quiet , but very kind and warm . i always made friends with the people that didn't fit in . not just other children , but adults too . my friend's grandmother , who had emigrated and didn't ... a life ; desire . ~ bernadette roy { poem } | elephant journal a poem of mine :) hi everyone ! i just started writing again recently and one of my poems has just been published on elephant journal : a life ; desire . ~ bernadette roy { poem } | elephant journal i'm feeling ... alienating and frustrating . i wouldn't change my personality though . i feel like if i can make the life i dream for myself , i will be more content and balanced than most people . not important ! i try to use as little furniture as possible ... i sleep on a futon on the floor . everyone thinks i am crazy though . there are some great links i read on why using less furniture is ... i know this was posted a very long time ago , but i had to reply - i have done exactly the same thing ! i am a female , and posed completely nude for a male artist . i know infjs are stereotyped as being ... do you think of yourself as creative ? yes i like to think of myself as creative . talented - maybe not , but i do have a creative edge ! do you think the loss of creative inspiration has any effect ... yes i feel the same way . it's a painful feeling , but i'm grateful for it because it forces me to understand myself better and examine what i want from life . whenever i feel this way , i have to really ... i dated many people over the past few years , and i was never sure if either i had a connection . i spent a lot of time justifying their character , like they're really nice or he's career-orientated ... hi everyone , have you ever dealt with a family member disapproving of your s / o ? if so , how did you deal with this ? i'm currently in a relationship with an enfp . we've been dating for a few months ... i like people , but i have to admit i don't try very hard to make new friends . there are people i spend time with , and whose company i enjoy , but a friend is someone who i have a very deep bond with ... yes i do this . like lollicat said , during times of emotional stress i tend to totally disassociate myself . i also tested as an intj originally . it was only after going through a very long period of ... quality time , words of affirmation , physical touch , acts of service and receiving gifts . can't remember the scores on each , but physical touch and acts of service were equal . huge fan of murakami , favourites being norwegian wood and kafka on the shore . quicksand by junichiro tanizaki is very good as well , as is the diving pool by yoko ogawa . both are dark , complex and ... i dislike conflict , but i'm getting better at dealing with it since i've started work . in my personal life i avoid conflict , but if pushed i confront it in a very calm , logical way . i tend to keep it ... 70 . the ambiguity test is in itself ambiguous ; i have no idea what this means ... yes this is true for me too . people become infatuated with me and mistake that for falling in love . as someone who is very careful with my feelings , like runforcover 07 i've always been a bit ... use a vacuum cleaner ! i'm not an enfp , but i relate to this ! both my boyfriend ( who is an enfp ) and i have very corporate , stable jobs , even though we're creative idealists at heart . we're corporate hippies ! i'm saving ... all the people who have been interested in me have been attracted to my ability to ' see ' them . it's actually become a problem , because sometimes they've become so interested in how i make them feel , ... i also have the same feeling . currently i'm in the midst of a humdrum , corporate job , but in a few years i plan to go exploring . i've always wanted to go to china and teach english , so once i've ... i got 19 ! which is terrible … however i don't think that this test is necessarily accurate . i have faith in myself and my abilities , but i don't think i'm narcissistic in any way . for example , i got a ... no she's not - she was only in it for a few more years . also i think she's actually an enfj , not an infj , so that changes things ! yes that sounds like me , but not as extreme . i am fairly organised , but it is a struggle for me and i know i'm not on top of it as i should be . i'm always 5-10 min late but not really late , i get my ... this is actually pretty accurate ! shame you got an infraction , i found it pretty light-hearted and funny :) i constantly feel this way , but i rarely act on it . i'll play out fake scenarios in my mind , which sort of relieves the urge ! if i do act on it , beware though - i have the ability to destroy with no ... thanks for the replies everyone ! very insightful ! empathnfp , your post is spot on . i'm sort of in awe of him - he's just so enthusiastic ! i appreciate it even though it scares me a little :) ... hello enfps ! how do you feel at the beginning of a relationship ? i just started dating an enfp and everything is amazing so far , but as an infj i tend to be pretty reserved and take things slowly . he ... 1 . so , when did you lose yours ? when i was 18 to my boyfriend of 2 years . 2 . any stories to tell ? no , it was pretty standard . we didn't know what we were doing . nicely awkward :) 3 . do you ... yes , definitely . i get like this when i'm under stress or some other negative emotion . after a bad break-up , i really let go and threw myself into drinking , socialising , casual sex . it was quite ... i'm an auditor in a big corporate company , which apparently is the worst job an infj can do ! if only i had known myself better in university and not been peer pressured into applying for finance :) i ... yes , definitely . i appreciate openness - otherwise what else is there to talk about ! even if i don't see eye to eye with all my friends , as long as they've thought through their ideals , i respect ... when i was a kid , i always found it funny to stare at people intensely without stopping until they became extremely uncomfortable / left . it was a game to me , but i sure freaked some people out ! i do lots of yoga . it has brought a lot of peace to my life , and it keeps me balanced . otherwise , i do some cardio and otherwise am fairly active . i consider myself to be a very healthy , mindful ... i'll share my own experience with an enfp . the way you've written reminds me of him , so perhaps this will help you . from your post is seems there are two areas you'd like to address : your attraction ... so pleased you made this thread , i was just reading the book and wondering the same thing ! i would love to what people think about the other characters , like mameha , the chairman , nobu , hatsumomo etc ... 32/36 , though i think they are really subjective ! callisto 88 , i also survived my first week of work ! yay us :) thanks zombie devil duckie and lenabelle ! now that i've thought about it , i don't think i should ask for a friendship but i'd still like to write the letter . i keep thinking , if i got a letter from ... thanks for the reply ! i should have elaborated on what i wanted to write . just a letter explaining my pov on everything that happened a bit more , and then asking to meet up and talk about the ... cellar_door , your post was very interesting to read but i wasn't able to pick out the facts of what actually happened . from what i've read , it seems like you've trying to gauge her behaviour from ... ni for sure . like others said before me , i am defined by my intuition and it guides my life . i can't think of a good metaphor to describe it , but i suppose it's like being in the matrix and choosing ... no , i never make the first move . it's never been a problem for me either . i'm very content by myself , and i'm not spontaneous enough to put myself in a potentially awkward situation like that ! good ... hi everyone ! a few months ago i was in a very complicated situation with an esfj , and i'd like to rebuild a friendship with him . long story short , i got to know an esfj who came to feel very strongly ... hi everyone ! a few months ago i was in a very complicated situation with an esfj , and i'd like to rebuild a friendship with him . long story short , i got to know an esfj who came to feel very strongly ... hi everyone ! i'm not sure if what i'm experiencing is the ni-ti loop that i've heard about , but i think it might be . recently i feel like my intuition has been totally overwhelming me . this has lead ... just found this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jEgX64n3T7g i respect honesty , kindness and confidence in anyone . i dislike people who are overly loud and judgemental . show me that you are engaged and curious , and i will respond . for dating - i hate ... hi fellow infjs ! on all the online descriptions , we're often described as warm , fuzzy magical little beings . of course , in reality everyone has flaws ! are you aware of your flaws and , if so , what ... i do this occasionally too . do i feel bad about it ? honestly ... no . i'm seeing an estj , and both of us tend to withdraw to let things cool off . it's never intended in a malicious way - in fact , i need ... '