' dear istp , sorry i hurt you . i don't mean that in a deep way ; i literally mean , i'm sorry i flicked you and apparently left a huge welt on your shoulder . i'm actually pretty sure you ... dear estj , i am so sorry your summer dream job fell through . stupid sequestration . i'm sorry and that sucks and i know how excited you were . i hope it helped that i stayed over last night and ... dear infp mother , i really enjoyed today . drinking tea and staring out the window at the rain and talking about life and enneagram types and your spiritual directions conference was wonderful . i ... don't be scared of intjs , they're sweet : kitteh : nah but seriously . my cousin's one and she's a softie , she just can't stand showing it to anyone outside her tiny tiny circle of trusted people ... i'm in college right now . i'm technically a high school senior ( i'm 17 , almost 18 ! can't wait to be an adult ! ! ) , but academically i'm a college junior , and i'm living in a freshman dorm . it's ... 1 . music - 7 . i play piano well ( although not as well as i could if i hadn't stopped taking lessons ) , saxophone ( alto and tenor ) reasonably well , and a bit of guitar . i've been musically trained ... dear self , well , you officially have the worst work ethic of anyone ever ... skipping three classes for no reason other than you're sore and putting on shoes is a lot of work is really kind of ... just curious , but do enfjs have anything to say on infj females vs . infj males ? i know a ton of enfjs . i absolutely adore all the male enfjs i know , even when they're annoying and over-fe . i have ... dear enfj boss , okay you're officially on my nice list . by which i mean , i think the world of you and you're awesome and i like you lots . funny thing , after actually chatting with you for a bit ... i had the biggest crush on an enfj guy for two years . he was one of my good friends , and was always really touchy-feely and adorably friendly . he was fairly protective and on top of everything else i ... captain america is an sj in my opinion , an isj . i think you're right about the fe though - isfj . and lily evans always struck me as an enfp , but i haven't put much thought into it . sorry . off ... well , here's another infj perspective . my grandpa's an istj . i'm not that close to him , and doubt i ever will be . he's nice , i'm nice , we make small talk occasionally , he cleans the pool and ... dear istp , you're really cool . it's awesome watching you gain confidence and mature and ask really hard questions . and i think it's really cool you're making an effort to find answers . also , going ... dear istp , i'm really excited to go to the game with you and your friend on saturday . that's going to be loads of fun and i hopefully won't look too out of place in a stadium . if i do i'm sure ... ha , i told her what you said here about asking the guy out and she blushed and said she didn't feel right about that and she doesn't think it's how relationships should be . i love her a lot , and i ... honestly , i really don't care enough to reply to your points , as i don't see a point . we've gotten way off topic , and i think we both have better ways to spend our time than debating things that ... thank you for sharing this ! i know very little about autism but i want to learn more now . my younger cousin was autistic when he was very little - through therapy he regained his ability to ... haha nope , no banging involved . especially not in front of her . she'd implode from the immorality . anyway there were two of them and that's not quite my style . ;) nope , she's scared to ask the guy she likes out because she doesn't know if he likes her back . and she'd never bring over a guy for anything other than watching tv or grabbing her purse before going ... for the record , part of skillful communication is to convey your message in such a way that it comes across the way you want it to . when you use phrases like mere mortals and you're intending only ... i am one such feeler , i believe , as is she . after living with her for seven months i can definitely see her f . :) then you should say what you mean . that way , i won't take what you say in the wrong way and there will be no need for clarification because the meaning will be clear . also , if they only appear to ... i used a word you did not to describe something i see as the same thing as what you said . you described entj women as such : letting others take advantage of you , which you said in the ... thank you ! that was very helpful . as i said , i know next to nothing about socionics except the little i've read in articles ( i bored fairly easily on that subject originally and haven't ... and there isn't . i was referring to your description of entj women . at any rate , i think this conversation is going nowhere . think what you want and i'll think what i will and it's all good . with that being said , i do test as an infp and as far as i know , so do many infjs . i know very little about socionics , although i think i have a more than solid grasp on mbti . types do not transfer ... infjs in mbti generally transfer to infp in socionics . infj and entj actually are supervisor / supervised in socionics ; it's infp and entj that are a semi-duality in socionics . i understand that , and i can see that being true of some entj women , and anyone in a stressful leadership position depending on who she is . i don't think you can generalize entj women to be pushovers ... dear isfp sister , i love you lots . that being said , communication is important . if i say next thursday i need the car , don't call me in a panic on thursday when i take the car because you ... your stated opinions don't . your conversation style and willingness to be confrontational do . just by contrast you've strengthened my thinking that she is an enfj . i'm not saying this to be sarcastic ... understood , and i respect your opinion when you phrase it like that . however , given my knowledge of cognitive functions ( which i admit is incomplete , although quite good ) and my seven months of ... that makes sense . i've been in both situations and i think it's accurate , more or less . well aren't we pissy today ! i know some things about quite a few things , but i don't claim to know everything . however , in this situation , i would say i have a better claim to know my roommate's type ... no , but i am . my roommate turned out to be an enfj , so it's not quite the same . however , one of my very best friends is an estj , and it'd be quite a feat to take advantage of her . correct me if i'm wrong but they seem like they could take care of themselves . : rolleyes : yeah , the more i look at her the less i see any sign of te . i saw enxj very clearly and she kept insisting she was a logical person ( which she is , she's just even more highly emotional ) so it took me ... yeah , a sincere apology can work wonders on me . and i learned at an early age that saying sorry to my mother ( infp ) even when i wasn't sorry would get me out of trouble really quickly . that makes ... haha sorry bud , i'm pretty convinced she's an enfj now . i have a tendency to be more blunt than she is - i say something point-blank and she looks shocked that i wouldn't filter my language to make ... actualized type : infj preferred type : infj attraction type : entj sounds about right . i don't know any entjs well but one of my best friends in an estj . i've always thought i'd like a guy like ... i have a couple xstp friends ( estp male , istp female ) . she's a couple years older than him , but for a while he was really interested in her . she knew , because he's not really capable of subtlety . at ... dear estp , you're adorable . especially when you talk about football , because i honestly have no idea what you're saying , but you get really excited and animated and that's the greatest thing ever ... dear weather , thank you ! you are lovely today . my tank top and i had a great run and enjoyed the sunshine . love , sweaty but happy infj dear under armour tank top , you're my best running ... dear intj cousin , sorry i can't hang out this weekend . love you lots and have fun shopping ! i'll see you sometime soonishly i hope . love , bestest infj cousin on the planet :) dear estp , ... okay agree on edward . definitely infj when i think it through . bella ... she's an n . i originally thought infj , especially in the first book ( i'm not going off the movies , all the acting is crap ) . i'm ... actually i could see edward being infj as well . bella - infj edward - intj jacob - estp charlie - istj renee - esfp alice - enfj esme - isfj carlisle - isfj as well ? i don't know . emmett - esfp jasper - isfx definitely ! my estp plays soccer ( and football and runs track ) . i've only managed to make it to one game , which i feel bad about because if i could i'd go to all of them . but it's really fun watching ... that makes a lot of sense . every so often he expresses this subtle desire to be understood - most of the time he's content to be loud and bouncy but once in a while he talks about it . we were hanging ... in high school one of my best guy friends was an esfp . he had a lot of positive qualities : - great at giving hugs . seriously , all i had to do was say dustin , i need a hug . and he'd bear hug me ... '