' i don't do hugs . how about a hearty handshake ? anywhere on the eurasian steppe , ~ 2000 bce . any major european city , 1870-1933 ce . or my hometown in the 9th century ce . we may grow less bold and open to new ideas with age , but hardly dumber . i've dabbled , and i do own quite a few d & d handbooks and manuals , but i prefer other rpgs . i haven't played any actual pen-and-paper rpgs in almost 10 years , but i used to love horror-themed rpgs ... 135-145 . but nonreligious would be a plus , and judaeo-christian a minus in my country , so it should be even higher . the only times i have cried in the last 15-20 years , that i can think of , are : when my pets died , and once ( as a hormonal teenager ) when i had a high fever and was all alone over the weekend . i ... i definitely understand where you're coming from . i can understand why an intersex person with no ( or both male and female ) external sexual characteristics would identify that way . or , in some cases , a person who was castrated before s / he hit ... even post-op transsexuals , or just pre-op ? i've never been accused of being innocent . :d ry : meh ! you stole most of the words i was going to post ! bastard ! :d ry : welkin . pulchritude . abomination . cyclopean . archaean . protoplast . cosmogony . not really . i remember feeling pretty strongly for akemi in yoshikawa's musashi , but it was more compassion ( a feeling i sometimes confuse with attraction ) than anything else . she was such a woobie . what about coopetitiveness ? really ? in my country , everyone has to take civics from grade 4 ( i think ) to grade 12 . it's one of the core subjects in swedish high schools . well , a lot of people on the iberian peninsula are of moorish descent ( especially in the south ) , if that's what you mean . but they usually have celtiberian , roman , etc . , etc . ancestors as well . i'm ... those are all included . indians , arabs , etc . are not , despite being caucasoids . and it's far from all of south america . there are plenty of amerindians , and people of african and asian descent in ... correction : i should have said one sixth , or roughly 17 % of the world's population ( it seems as if my original sources were written by white nationalists who wanted people to think white people are ... for example : do you think having a kid is a right ? - #13 i guess it depends on your definition of white , but white european people ( only a small part of the caucasoid race ) only make up about 17 % of the world's population , meaning that only ~ 8-9 % of ... that was only one of many suggested solutions . some possible solutions to this problem : http://personalitycafe.com/critical-thinking-philosophy/346954-do-you-think-having-kid-right.html andrzej żuławski's possession from 1981 . second viewing . great film , but definitely not for everyone ( it's a surreal art house horror / drama film about a broken marriage ) . if i were to compare it to ... the byzantine ( east roman ) empire under the angelid dynasty is probably a more apt comparison . you are a : centrist totalitarian isolationist nationalist traditionalist collectivism score : 0 % authoritarianism score : 83 % internationalism score : - 50 % tribalism score : 17 % liberalism score : ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zs3aUCM8BX8 i was hoping to find a video of someone playing hårgalåten on a nyckelharpa ( keyed fiddle or key harp ) , but ... no , i was just listing manly scents . me : sweat , motor oil , sawdust , and tobacco . well , sweat and tobacco anyway . yikes ! how to choose ? there are just too many . so many good ones by t . s . eliot , william hope hodgson , john keats , william blake , charles baudelaire , dan andersson , gustaf fröding , esaias tegnér , et ... also : that is actually how the real life komodo dragons hunt . they bore their prey to death by making them fill in forms ( in indonesian ) . so , unless you enjoy kafkaesque bureaucracy , stay the hell ... mathematics and football ( soccer ) . hafið gleðileg álfablót ! merry álfablót ! my top 5 ( in no particular order ): twin peaks carnivàle the prisoner true detective neverwhere if documentary series count , then replace one of the above with the power of myth . ah . how ... qunari . my views on how a meritocracy should look ( more song dynasty , less timocracy / plutocracy ) does not include free market capitalism , but i agree with the last half of your post . viva la 100 % inheritance ... according to herbert spencer , sure . but i think peter kropotkin's ( mutual aid : a factor of evolution ) model of social darwinism mimics the natural world a lot more accurately .   ... dirigisme / state-sponsored capitalism all the way . detectives usually rely on deduction . according to what i've read , ne-si / si-ne is deductive , ni-se / se-ni is inductive . x97 laws , sins and rules of satanism : a lack of legalism : 1 . legalism - how to approach the rules of satanism , vexen crabtree ( 2002 ) ntps and stjs . that's a very broad question , but basically what tzara and emwuzx said . there's plenty of good books , videos , etc . on the subject . also , if you've never had a dog before , i'd recommend taking a ... i grew up with dogs , and i now have a 1 year old mut myself . what is it you want to know ? may day / international workers ' day . all those stupid socialist and communist demonstrations ... the night before may day , walpurgis night , would be my favorite holiday if not for all the drunk ... ah . i misunderstood your first post then . i thought you were saying that marx and engels came up with socialism . errr ... i never said that all socialism is communism . i said that the ideology created by marx and engels was communism , which is a form of socialism , and that socialism itself predates marx and ... that was communism , a form of socialism . socialism predates marx and engels . it goes back to the french revolution . the term ' socialism ' was created by henri de saint-simon , one of the founders of ... when you say capitalism , you mean ... ? free market / lassez-faire capitalism ? in that case , they're both equally flawed . pre - 1936 italian fascism , before it was transformed by the scientific racism and anti-semitism of german national socialism , was a fine ideology . not without its faults ( e . g . too conservative on ... as far as i know , i don't do that . maybe in real life , but not in my posts . so ... dunno . annoying pda , jealousy , and resentment . :p roud : '