' uh , i'm not sure i understand that comparison . could you be more specific on how it was cringe ? lol . just curious as to whether any intj's have tried mindfulness meditation ; ya know , the whole act of sitting / laying and focusing on your breathing with your eyes closed / open . i meditated a while back ... well , i'm not sure if this is true , but i hold strong belief that most of the population is made up of fe types . if you know anything about them , you'll know that fe people like to keep the peace but ... ahh , i . . . . sorta know what you mean ? some of what you mentioned in the second paragraph resonates with me , such as people finding certain traits boring so they leave . whenever i befriend ... yeah , same here . i've always found it annoying how people feel the need to compare every book to the most popular ones . :p plus magic schools are just fun to read about . they aren't all the same . and ... precisely--if you know what you're good at , then you should stick to those things , especially by the time college comes around because i'm more than sure one is certain what they are and are not good ... that figures , considering you didn't quote me . i wasn't sure though , ha . i didn't ask what does an underdeveloped te act like during nifi loop ? i asked what causes the te to be underdeveloped if it's been being used healthily the entire time . oh great then i take it back . :D joking . required classes suck--i've never understood them . i get that the world wants scientists and mathematicians , but some people just aren't into that , so i don't ... so . . . . assuming this doesn't belong in the spam world forum , i'm just going to go ahead and believe that you're telling the truth about this whole wanting to be famous situation . i mean , you're ... there's always the kim kardashian way . wait . is this a serious question ? wow , i didn't even realize how pretentious that sounded while i was writing it , sorry haha . you have an actual writing course ? in high school ? the closest thing i had to a writing course while in ... thanks for the reply . by any chance , would you happen to understand what an auxiliary function being underdeveloped means ? i've heard that the whole loop thing occurs when one's second function is ... bumping this thread because i want to know exactly how one uses te to help get out of this horrible loop . oh tell me about it , i've always set my expectations too high when it comes to friendships and the like . i've sort of learned to not be so set on finding people who i understand intellectually ... i've been thinking the very same thing . :) without voldemort i'd say that makes the school 99.9 % safer . just stay away from the right side of the third-floor corridor . i think our youth needs to be taught morals as well as mbti . really , i do . it obviously helps people discover who they truly are and how to improve themselves . oh and hogwarts . schools should be ... you wrote all this at the right time considering i'm in a current mode of feeling pretty down ; it feels really bad , but i'm hoping it'll subside in the morning because those very wonders are starting ... well considering i've had teachers who would directly say right before the weekends to use protection , i know what you're talking about . some teachers don't know boundaries when it comes to topics ... thanks , so do i ! i often save a lot of things from pinterest that give me inspiration for my story , lol ; character inspiration is the besttt . oh i actually really liked the romeo and juliet unit ! the ... that's interesting--i mean , i'd heard of tiredness causing anxiety , but not about the survival mode part . and earlier i was just wondering if maybe it was because i've been going to sleep late ... i'll be sure to check that out , thanks . also referring to your previous post on this thread , i also wanted to say that the whole thinking more about it until it no longer gives you anxiety thing ... not sure if this was a question . . . . i'm just gonna answer it . ;) so anywaaays , upon being told an emotional story , i'd probably react quite appropriately ; asking details , then trying to ... 503370 5033 78 503386 5033 94 oscar wilde has the best quotes . right ? it's weird though because i would think the istj's or estj's would be the villains being that they're all about order and conformity . it's such a wonder to me . . . . . anyways , an infp would ... and just like everyone else , you gave extremely helpful advice . always enjoying the little things ; i forget so much to remember that one when i begin to worry , but i'll definitely take a look up at ... well , every human is really complex and there are lots of factors that go into one individual than just mbti , so who knows what it's caused by really ! for some more clarity on that , my aunt is an ... hah , yeah esfj's can be quite a handful at times ; like every type , though , they have their good qualities . hmm . it could mean that she's well-developed in thinking over feeling , but given what you ... okay , everything you just described is basically my grandma . so that's an esfj for you . trust me . if i'm incorrect on this , i'd be very surprised . traits of my grandmother : - nitpicky - assumes ... i only really go out with my family ; maybe go somewhere with my friends like once a month . most of the time i spend my time writing , writing , and writing . oh , and i'm 18 going on 19 . oh that's exactly what i've been trying to keep in mind lately what with my annoying anxiety ; in fact , i just started this thread all about it so that i could get some advice on how to be more in the ... wow , been so long it sort of caught me by surprise when i saw my post on this thread . haha . anyways , okay--so you understand the value of it and you dislike it . that's your opinion , but now you need ... right ? living a long time would be great , and it'd be even better for it to feel longer . i've always thought it was funny how some old shows portrayed the current time ( which was their future ) as ... i think a subconscious part of me has always thought that too , and i've been fine with it , but due to my anxiety ( which was definitely at the mild stage before recently ) it's been making me feel not ... judy hopps - enfj nick wilde - i don't know . i thought he was an entp , but then i now also see him as an estp . he could just be a very observant entp , which is highly possible because he gives me a ... okay , so i have this thing . it's really--and i mean really--damn annoying . it's freaking anxiety . i've had generalized anxiety disorder since i was younger , but never was it even remotely as bad as ... so true . how awesome would it be to be able to actually live that long ? ! the oldest one is 507 years . it's insane . :D ohhh wow . yeah , i definitely thought you were older lol . but that's cool you act older for your age ; that's how i was . i'm 18 , but about to be 19 . that's so true , even when i'm not talking to anyone , my mind is able to entertain itself . mostly by thinking up ideas for story plots / character development . i hope this doesn't sound too weird ( i ... when you sit there wondering just what is the point of the math equation until finally realizing you've just missed every step to solving it . this site's not all that . it's much , much more . : words : : welcome : tell me about it--i question just about everything , making up all these ridiculous theories . yeah , you have the right idea . :) i barely get it either ; that was an interesting question though . ah , yeah , i should have just looked it up--i've never heard the term before . weird . but anyways , i'm not too sure . i think it all depends on the person ; some people don't feel secondhand ... in their minds . but with some abstract ideas and theories , they just might allow you in . define secondhand embarrassment , haha . actually , i live in hong kong so nah just kidding . i do live in the u . s . , and it's 2 a . m . here--somehow my perc time is all jumbled up though , because it's ... yeah , i've heard some of her songs , they're pretty good though i wouldn't say i'm into her music very much . i do like castle , ghost , drive , and new americana ( i think that's what it's called ? ) . i'll ... that's a pretty wide range , wow . i agree with the part about finding deeper meaning within song lyrics ; its especially more interesting when its with abstract lyrics that seem like they make no ... 5 and 7 ; very true . but yeah , just to be sure . and then , if you keep getting something similar , if not the same , then i'd say it would be safe to say you are an entp . i always get the reformer , type ... '