' i came here a few years ago as an intp 5w4 loner who has never been with a girl and had so much anxiety , a lack of discipline and will power . now i'm an entp 8w7 . i've changed so much . i hang ... don't overcomplicate this . behaviour of an interested individual is always more or less the same . it has to be in order for it to be recognized . the signs are universal . trust your instincts . i think a depressed / disappointed / insecure intp can behave and think in a similar fashion as a defense mechanism . i doubt many intps actually have this disorder . currently , i don't have any of the ... edit : ok , i'm biased . nvm . science or religion ? this whole debate can be alegoriezed by this conversation girl tells a guy : i really want you to fuck me and later you can fuck my hot friend as well , we can have a ... before nietzsche i had a picture of donnie darko with an axe . maybe you are on to something ... i never had a crush on anybody in this forum . i admired a couple of people who posted rarely . other than that i only developed some negative feelings towards people who annoyed me . i guess i just ... no , usually people turn to atheism when they stop believing that god exists . also , you seem like a lovely self-hating sinner . your wickedness amuses me . can you share your sins with us ? ... i'm an intp and i can relate to this . he might be a stronger enneagram 3 than most of us are . i have several points to make , and i will be brief , even terse . first , we all have different ... i find it funny that most people go from there is overwhelming evidence for god . to i'm an atheist . in so little time . as if they have to constantly say to themselves that the evidence is ... lol , i was so stupid 2 and a half years ago . also , my english was teeerrible ^ ^ oh , he was sincere . he really had integrity . if you seek an answer from him , you will find it . no shady stuff . well , i respect this one entj guy i grew up with , he's name is christian . coolest dude ever . you can become what ever you wish to . if you want to become more organized , future oriented , calm person , you definitely can . there is a way of managing the development and control of your functions ... i'm an apatheist , a pantheist , anti-theist agnostic atheist and a god . no , srsly . you have an egocentric attitude about psychology , other people use their dominant functions with the same ease that you are using your own . personally , as an intp , using fi just almost never happens , ... edited . no reason . jennywocky is on the right path to a correct answer , all the others are way wrong and son , i am disappoint . you guys need to think more . my penis did . sorry if the truth disappoints you in any way , but yeah . sounds a lot like an infp girl i used to date . well , my highschool friends where an entj , an istp and an entp . we debated a lot . here are just a couple of observations : entjs are less likely to make logical errors than entps , but will often ... hi there , lovely enfps . i'm a good ol ' robot intp and i have a question for you guys regarding your fi driven decision . anyways , as an intp , my fe is low and my fi as well , so most of my daily ... reading ranko marinkovic ’ s “ cyclops ” and enjoying every bit of it . fellow intps . don't be harsh on jsn 0x , he is probably only getting into mbti and doesn't know all the details of the theory . going of tangents is an ne thing . her definition of growing up is ... my answer for why i write is pretty simple , i always wanted to and now i do . :) writing , for me , has several stages , several steps , if you will . firstly , i take a simple thought that pops in my ... i mostly play a game called real life . best graphics and biggest versatility of gameplay , i gotta admit . may i ask you , why , oh why , you want to change your friend's own image of i . let him suffer , if pain he chose . don't be fooled ! he won't listen to your pathetic i am smart , they are dumb . if they can do it properly , so can i . - this is my mantra i want an intp girlfriend :( / cry statistically we are the least ' ' christian ' ' of all types it seems . i'm a weird example . i can spend months in my room , getting out of it only to take something out of a fridge and for a friendly chat here and there , and then i have a period of extroversion where i'm ... i myself am an intp and i also have an isfj mother , she did the test herself and it matches her really good . since she's an introvert , she much better understands my behaviour than my estj father ... well , plato himself has nothing to do with gnosticism . i have interpreted him the same way his contemporaries did . maybe gnosticism takes the allegory of the cave and uses it to tell a different ... are you implying that i have misinterpreted him here ? :) well , that's better i guess . christianity has very little to do with paganism , a little bit of orfic element here and there , but it's mostly quite original . ( if you disregard the fact that it grew out of judaism :P ) also , what i ... over 10 000 denominations . praise the lord ! yes , istps have to be the best golfers ! that dominant introverted thinking really helps you hit the ball right ! / facepalm there is a section called ' ' other ' ' . gnostic ? seriously ? xd i've just been reading about them , at least what they have been in early christianity . not a very appealing belief :D you sure are a modest fellow . i'm an apatheist . i was raised in a conservative roman catholic family , but i never was really conservative myself , it is just so far from my nature . i was a strong believer for over 17 years . what's facetious ? eh , whatever , having a 3some in an hour . later guys . umm ? sorry for not being politically correct ? you know , fake modesty is disgusting . i am far away from a narcissist , ... wow dude , i don't know about other entps , but if you believe life is like a video game than you are pretty damn dumb . there is definitely , using your analogy , a finite number of points , but don't ... people are emotional beings . most of them can't think clearly and detach like we intps so easily can . so they actually emotionally exhaust themselves . and for some people the logical parts of the ... of all things the measure is man , of the things that are , that they are , and of the things that are not , that they are not . - protagoras the road uphill and a road downhill is one and the same ... the history of western philosophy by bertrand russell . after that i'm reading sartre's ' ' being and nothingness ' ' * faith in humanity restored * seems like my plan to convert everyone to nihilism is working :) and i wasn't even trying this time this is not a logical statement . it supposes that a human can stand for something from the moment of his conception , because if he doesn't , in other words - if at the beginning of his life , a human ... tool - vicarious http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hii17sjSwfA eye on the the tv ' cause tragedy thrills me whatever flavor it happens to be , like ... killed by the husband drowned by the ... i have no problems with romantic rejection . maybe the reason for it is that it takes very long for me to emotionally attach to anyone . and i will most certainly never emotionally attach to someone ... '