you would do fine in the air force . don't go army . that will drive you insane . either one , it does not matter as long as the hardware is tolerable . i am likely going to install debian or freebsd on it anyway . macs have a restrictive user interface , but underneath is the ... the book of mormon . at least scientology has space aliens . i am sure many of us already have . i do prefer to keep my firearms in the safe , not displayed everywhere . i would like to have a real version of that barrett . 50 and that wonder hk that shoots the ... many of the replies to this thread are excellent . others ... i wonder about . someone is offering you what is essentially a never-ending supply of capital and many of you can think of nothing more ... c , c + + , python , java , elisp . i like python the most . i despise php only slightly less than i do visual basic . one of my systems does not have a desktop . i find that desktops are little more than eye candy . they are unsuited for getting work done , as are most gui interfaces ( unless you are working with ... on the other hand , it is not the end of the world if you are not an intj . i have always been puzzled at the motivations of companies that take engineer's and writers ( people who make a substantial amount and must do it with their gray matter ) and then put them into a ... i don't know about corrupt , but incompetent ... that is for sure . their business hours are very minimal . every time i have called i have been put on hold . they screwed up my monthly automatic ... i am not female , but the following applies regardless : she values your opinion , this is a very good sign . an intj does not ask someone what they think unless they have a high opinion of them ... certain artists are really good lyricists . some that i consistently like : jewel , paul simon , peter gabriel , roger clyne , flogging molly , tom petty , tool , ratm , alanis morissette , death cab for cutie , ... i use the stumpwm window manager , or ratpoison . in both cases , there is no desktop . this means there are no distractions . instead of distractions , there are tiles of full sized windows i can cycle ... and the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom . anais nin i did retool my beliefs , although it was certainly not a picnic - - as you ... yes . i think so , but then again - - what do i know ? while i like to read austen , i find the average austen fan club member seems to miss much of her sarcasm and wit . most people who read her strike me ... my experience is that these two types get along very well if both of them are well adjusted . this usually happens after they are both well into adulthood . it is also my opinion that these two types ... like this : http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_x7xEbaBRmPw/SnnMGWoZ29I/AAAJ-E/k_-1Kf4UIyM/s400/%21tp_prank_09.jpg i think 1 and 5 are good . quiet and lack of interruptions are good for most work environments , especially for the type of work an intj likes . the rest could likely be handled in better ways . for ... you have to find me first , then you have to get past the defenses . i can vouch for the fact that this sucks . so let me add : being raised in a mind controlling cult / religion ( which is most or all of them ) . me , i am a software architect / developer / tech writer / business analyst / whatever else needs to be done guy . i mainly build systems in c / c + + , but i also use java , pl-sql , python , perl , php , bash , and ... i wonder how many of the intj votes are from intj voters ? i would not be surprised if many of the intj votes were intj's trying to keep up the intj reputation of being cold and heartless . intj's ... 1 . fidget 2 . if overstimulated , leave the location and go somewhere else . 3 . if i can't leave , i close my eye's and / or mentally remove myself from the conversation ( tune it out ) . three has some ... so how about we debate the mtbi type's of zeus and thor while we are at it ? i was a scrawny sickly asthmatic kid . kids liked to try and bully me . i did not like it and i did not stand for it . here is what i did and here is what you need to do: complain loudly . every ... good old slashdot ... i still look at slashdot on occasion . i spend some time on the ubuntu forum , on various jeep forums , blogs ... then there are social sites with running commentary ... like ... i goto sleep from 11:00 pm to 4:00 am , average is around 2:00 am . i get up whenever i have to . some nights i get 3 hours sleep , some days i sleep 14 hours straight . i am a night owl , and i have delayed ... the biggest problem with intj / infx relationships is that they happen far too infrequently . neither one has the guts to broach the subject of emotional or physical intimacy with the other one . it is ... my point is that we can all sit around and tell each other anecdotal stories and use cherry picked statistics - - to falsely convince ourselves of just about anything . it does not make it so , however . ... i saw the 60 minutes piece and it was simply ageism and piss poor journalism . it explains why no one except the old people watch 60 minutes anymore . it did cause me to chuckle ... the irony of the ... i hope to build an earthship . see earthship biotecture sustainable green buildings - earthship biotecture . it is self contained and fully off grid . you can grow your own food , you don't need ac ... back to the original post : why not just ignore him ? why are you going out of your way to make a difficult person who does not like you happy ? i would just accept the fact that he does not ... facebook : a spyware program that does an amazing job of masking itself as a social networking site . i have never felt like i had to have kids to complete my life . i would not be totally opposed to having children with the right partner , however . i am in my 30 ' s now , so my feelings about this are ... if anyone finds that they are ignorant on the facts concerning evolution , then they should try reading a few books on the subject . some good ones for a person new to the subject are : why ... it is a ludicrous idea to delay sex until after the signing of a legal contract ( marriage ) . sexual compatibility is something you and your partner should work on before deciding to spend the rest of ... i really like esfp's ... but one at a time and in somewhat limited doses . a room full of esfp's is not somewhere i would want to be , although it would be interesting to have a camera in the room ... remember everyone has a weak spot . bullies have huge weak spots and huge inadequacy issues . that is why bullies push others around : to compensate for the lack of power over their own lives . ... euro market small cars are well put together and well optioned . euro cars actually can handle . euro cars have style that american cars started to lack in the late 60 ' s . euro cars cost of ownership is ... i have to second calling someone on the phone . i hate phone calls . i hate having to make one , and i hate getting them . they are rude , impersonal and intrusive . texting , email , and talking in person ... john 7878 is so totally wrong ! his father is sick because he has lost his inner yeti . only by rediscovering his inner yeti through slack can he be made whole again . you must tell him about the true ... wow . i feel much better about my sorry dating life now . i usually don't call people stupid . i will call ideas or actions stupid . if i say it - - i mean it , no hidden meaning is to be inferred . just because an idea is stupid does not mean the person who ... when dealing with inexperienced intj's it is always a strong possibility they they are partially or even totally oblivious to your feelings ( unless they are explicitly stated ) . it is possible that ... i feel bad for married men who grew up before the porn age and the sexual revolution . their married lives must have sucked ( well .. not getting sucked is more accurate ) . seriously , douche bag men ... do you find these type of friends on craig's list ? is there some web site you go to ? i don't want to attract too much attention mind you . are these religiously or politically motivated decisions ? if they are , you can give up reasoning about them . most people make these types of decisions based on feelings and social desires to fit in ... once upon a time there was a really popular site like facebook , that was only for college kids . it was called ... facebook . then the people who made facebook got out of college and wanted to ... i vote for the u . s . you do realize that game developers live in cubicles slaving away for impossible amounts of time ? you might as well know they are fed on twinkies , jolt cola , mountain dew ... dating yourself ? don't they call that masturbation ? ... or do you have to go out to dinner alone before it counts as a date ?