' hitler - xnfx ( most recent biography says he hated being alone , so probably not an introvert ) saddam - estj clinton - esfp obama - xntp manson - enfp dahmer - istp bundy - estp vikerness - intj intp 9w1 sp / so i doubt he is a 1 ; i don't see any move to 4 or 7 in him , but i could easily see him going to 6 on a bad day , while trying and succeeding to be leader of the labour party is ... i find that w7 doesn't really avoid heavy topics ; they just avoid them when compared to w5 . they can still be interested in them ( a lot of news reporters and political comedians are 6w7 , actually ) , ... you sound more w7 than w5 . the latter tends to be more serious and intellectual ( not that w7 can't be intelligent ) , and seeks security in knowledge and understanding the darker side of life . w7 is ... because infjs are overrepresented on the internet . sensors spend more time in the real world than intuitives ; introverts spend more time doing introverted stuff than extroverts . so inxx types ... the devil is an infj . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOxhAgVWSy4 naruto part 1 is amazing , a masterpiece . part 2 is a steady decline in quality , though the manga is better than the anime ( which drags and has a drop in animation quality ) . it still has some good ... i've had one or two for my birthday . not really a surprise since i saw them coming a mile off . i enjoyed them . dario nardi is a lecturer at the university of california who carried out eeg brain scans on a hundred or so volunteers of all the different mbti types . when he says that intps are the worst ... this has been asked several time and will likely be asked several times again . there is no correlation between the type of children and their parents . none whatsoever . both my parents are isj and ... light is an introverted entj . near is an intj , and if light were inj ( t or f ) their thinking processes would be more similar than they are . near relies on intuition more than light does , who has ... enfps are often introverts , for what its worth . the main difference between enfp and infp is more that the latter is typically more sensitive and serious than the former , not that one is more ... is respect earnt , or is it freely given ( and sometimes lost ) ? state your type . wanting to know if there is some correlation ( though upbringing might play a part of course ) . no , i've seen entps and intps , and the one in particular i am thinking of is definitely an intp ( there is another one or two i am less sure of , but they still seem intp ) . also this isn't a ... i did . intp-infj are supposedly the golden pair . make of that what you will . read the op . they aren't asking only about romantic lovers . oh ho ho ... i never said i felt bad . not all intps . just ones i've seen . some of them , and depending on the circumstances . usually it's a case of thinking they understand the opinions of another person and criticising said opinion , ... bolded - i've seen intps on the internet where i think i'd be the one saying those to them . lack of ni and inferior fe = me wanting to smack them upside the head ' cause they ain't as clever as ... i can relate to this . while i do in fact think ahead and sometimes plan or imagine conversations , whenever i do that , i always know that when i actually talk to the person i'll be responding in ... who is your best friend ? ( sniff ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh_9QhRzJEs to be honest , i think you probably overestimate the damage you did here . if he openly bragged about being a cheat and his wife already suspected him of it , and if he had done it before and openly ... you are definitely not an infj . probably an intj . do you know your instinctual variants ? its strange reading this when not too long ago there was a thread talking about how incredibly horny infjs can be . read the books . or detailed descriptions copied from the books . i usually get a 4w5 or a 5w4 , but i'm actually a 1w9 so / sp . there are lookalike types , and your instinctual variants change things ... i'm a 1w9 and i think my most exacerbating arguments are with type 6 , or people with 6 in their wing . if you've ever been on tumblr or twitter for any length of time , or been on forums with a ... 90 % . sweet . depends on the enneagram type . infj in socionics is infp in mbti . fe . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r30G5mzdqTg ( x3 videos ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gZVNzUw5L7Y https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JXtnpTo-fyk my evidence was referencing a book by a reputable historian who studied hitler's wartime career for years and had direct access to the records of his regiment , a book praised by leading historians on ... eh , no . the invasions of austria and the sudetenland were masterminded by goring and others with hitler reluctantly going along with it - he was terrified that the world might attack them for it , even ... unless you read the book i don't think you can say he didn't slack as much as i say . what i demonstrated is that there were literally millions of germans of all types who fought in that war , who ... there is a book called hitler's first war that goes into some detail about his experiences in ww1 ( which contradict his accounts in mein kampf - hitler lied ) and ... yeah , it was nothing like that ... i prefer to think that an inj of any sort would be a better writer than he was . but as someone who has argued that hitler was an extj or some other type on many occasions over the last few months ... just wondering if anyone had thoughts or examples on the differences between these two . especially if the enfp is also a 7 , of course . yes ! finally , someone who understands ! it is possible . you could be awkward one moment or in one situation and the exact opposite another . and you could give people the impression that you are completely at ease socially or that you ... the face gestures and theatricality come naturally . it's pretty much involuntary and i often don't even realise i'm doing it , and if there is any subconscious motive it's just inviting the other ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R4nJnWnPGhI well , he is an infj in the show supernatural , i can tell you that . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QOxhAgVWSy4 my ni sees all ! you sound like an infj enneagram type 6 . a type 6 is driven by a need for security and tends to be defensive . the main similarity is that both have similar needs for privacy ( the 4w5 more so , however ) and both are researched orientated . i wouldn't say that is necessarily good or bad though - it just is . it's because both a 4 and a 6 are attuned to the darker side of life . they also both have something the other can use or need - a 4 can help a 6 be more introspective and expressive , while a 6 can ... it's me . i'm the coolest . me , me and me . all me . it is not and never is too late to develop some sort of skill or talent . especially at 15 . actually it's the opposite . skill and talent take years of hard work and study ; though , when you start to ... try this link . it's not perfect , and you shouldn't believe everything it says , but it's better than the majority of type descriptions out there . infj personality profile '