' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_abz1nThgfc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHnIyFy8MRA what does a regular day in a day centre for disabled adults look like ? how many rooms are there ( i need to make a map in my head of the place ) ? one for cooking , one for playing , one for exercising ? ... bill hicks's laugh also sounds similar to mine : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZAL9hphbv4k&t=7m20s ( at 7:20 ) i think i am enfp 6w5 i have a lot of male enfp traits , like to dance , have some girly gestures , talk a lot , and like being the center of attention . however i've always described myself as some ... not yet but he's a tough one i think who has to struggle with dependance on some toxic people , depression and some bipolarity in the mix . infp however stays my dominant choice for him . my fiance is a social worker and often she has shared with me certain details of the terrible things that occur and being as distant as i am , i can handle that . but it seems to weigh on her in that ... the thing with my dad is , i feel , is that he will suppress those realities in his speech . he says he's conscious of them but doesn't want to get sick with them and seem to avoid talking about them ... can an informed infp not care about the hunger in the world and orphans ? ( i'm trying to type my dad who is a gp and told me he was already making his quota helping people throughout the day ... quote from bad hombre : no , i only know of allaboutjazz , which is mostly focused on jazz . as for ear training , there's some good videos on youtube . i forgot what it's called , but a good way to ... a few more : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZGhSJIMHeoo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_HUDmeziKEk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EP7bR-WLbEY always thought batdance was pretty weird ( no idea how apparently it became a hit , it's basically of collage of different songs of prince ... but i mean i like it so why not :D ) ... post songs that treat of the meaningless of existence . so far , i only know two and they are great https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsZLCETBAKE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZmutXJI1R4 i ... great graphic novel : asterios polyp rockwell has michael jackson singing in somebody's watching me guys ^ ^ - just in case but the paraoia feel that goes through the song fits perfectly mj's poor disturbed mind . 662425 7/10 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oelzOIhfVLg does anyone know of a good forum that talks about music , one that would be good to train the ear . like a forum where people would post their favorite song in a #maj or talk about intervals and how ... isfj https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wqxHThRgsA maybe because they have personality disorders creating interferences in the diagnosis . i think jung wrote something along the lines of what i wrote . is it true that intps tend to forget what they just done the last day ? an hamburger https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sXzl8a8cJSA happy isfp . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KsZLCETBAKE taj badalandabad i guess we'll have to make it a funk appreciation thread because nobody wants to criticize unfortunately ... bernard wright's great ! this one is amongst my favourites : ... i'm looking for people who don't like funk . i know of people who can find songs ' too funky ' . i know music is a subjective matter and largely influenced by the environment you grew up in but i would ... actually a little momenty after posting what i posted i realized boredom was also implied in my need of break :p roud : i don't think i get bored , it's more like i feel anxious about having to do something but nothing's coming up properly . it's a project for school ; it's an extract from the novel knockemstiff by ... i was planning on trying shorter breaks :) if you say it works for you with 15 min breaks , it's awesome ! i currently discovered while adapting ax extract from a novel into a comic strip / graphic novel that i worked best by little episodes of 30 minutes or so . to do the comic strip , first i do it quickly ... i was just thinking about that rating for boys and girls that i encountered while in america . like when people say she / he's a ten or a 9 or whatever . i was surprised when someone told me i was a ... as an enfp , i don't like texting that much so i'd say go for the call as well . i like receiving texts though and will send some , most of the time it's to send an article i found interesting and that ... gritglossandrainbows i don't have any source for that , it's just an impression i get from experience . but yeah , maybe it can set people off because it's half thinking and half feeling domain and ... idk i just happen to have a lot of friends reticent to quantify things when i want them to be more precise about what they say like when i ask how they would rate their anger , sadness , liking of a ... a mix of jeff from clarence ( show on cartoon network ) and karl pilkington . and i would also say the 10th or the 11th doctor but maybe it's because i tend to mimic characters after watching them a ... what do you think about quantifying ? it seems like a lot of people judge quantifying unworthy . i think it is pretty useful to get accurate data . for example , when i like something in the ... yeah i got that . but i was kind of linking his situation with mine . we both had an intense period of time with one / several person ( s ) during a quite long amount of time . i guess maximl could be ... so i guess i could try to accept towards the fact that my year abroad is done maybe ? :d isillusionment : when i told him i felt too odd , one friend of mine who is 25 years older than me told me that ' people are often happy to have a person who brings difference in their life ' * and as you're saying ... i don't think the amount of interests matter regarding loneliness . i'm interested by so many topics i could keep myself entertained forever and still , loneliness , is a big humongous thing for me . i think i can relate . but in my case , it might be related to difficult relationships with my parents / family in general . i'm planning to see if i can talk this through with a specialist . but ... hating would be a too powerful world imo but i think i feel a bit similar . now , i'm just trying to focus on what keeps my mind busy , writing stories , doing art ... i'd like to be able to go up to ... so , to put things in context : i was a quiet and organized child . quite asocial . thought i was my own best friend . after turning eighteen , i went to america as a foreign exchange student , made ... a little above the knee cube - - small ego thus metallic cube , can't see through - - not very open with people ... yeah maybe i have issues trusting cube is on the ground - - super grounded the cube ... you don't trust people who don't like pets , or own pets ... that's a bit contradictory . and what if you don't have kids ? also , i don't seek to know who owns a pet , but rather who enjoys their ... i'm curious . i personally am an extrovert ( enfp ) and never have been much of a pet person . i see pets maybe as living beings that are not pressuring you because they don't understand you , they're ... i don't know really where to post that maybe this is a good place : tongue : so tonight i was attempting to get my dad into mbti … maybe i didn't do it right . i feel like he would be so interested in ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tGD-cM9kBQ0 i would recommend wix.com . it is quite intuitive to use after a few manipulations . you just have to be aware you have something like - i think - 500mb at your disposal to download pics . it still is ... '