' what do you like then ? : laughing : anyone seen today's episode of naruto shippuden ? i was cutting onions at the same time : laughing : wahaha xd it's so funny , when i was younger , i had a simple job . that job was bringing the newspaper in the morning . and at one day , i cat came out of the bushes . it scared me so muchhh , ... sorry for my late reaction ! so you have overcome an fear in your life and now there is a new one ? you sound just like me , when i overcome a fear , another fear starts ... i love cats too . cats ... when i was young , between the age of 1 - 13 i was skinny as hell . i had abs and could not gain a single pound . when i became 13 my metabolism was turning 360 degrees and i was gaining weight ... thanks ! i'm going to study this and going to use it for my negative thoughts . how i cope with depression or anxiety ? well , i'm dealing now with negative thoughts and negative feelings about a something , and it's hard for me to deal with it , because i keep fighting it ! i ... wahaha yeah that convincing all the time like ' i don't love her anymore ' and a week later l start to miss her , now i can actually laugh and cry at once : laughing : i laughed at the ' trying to ... the character ' patch adams ' from the movie ' patch adams ' . he's just ignoring the rules of the university , trying to seduce a younger girl and helping the kids forget about their sickness . a ... definitely psychical ! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWz9VN40nCA we all have the same size of an brain , but we don't have the same attitude . what i mean is what you think is what you feel . changing your thoughts will change your feelings and so your perception ... i don't want to be rude , but you sound bitter or a bit despaired . you want to take risks ? change your perspective about life , friends and family and then approach woman in public . but life has ... no , you can wink anytime haha , but i won't wink back , only smile for a second ! : kitteh : i was thinking about you my love : blushed : let's start cuddling then ! bald , mmm , tempting , but no ! but brainy girls ? oh yes : kitteh : i can be motivated enough to keep shaving if the cause is precious to me . : tongue : and eating those delicious brains will suffice for it . i have a great appetite for smart and humongous brains . yeah that hair is a bit of a turn off for me , but we can shave that . where there's a will there's a way ! you eat my heart , i eat your brain . we cuddle , you turn into a werewolf and i run for my life . let's do this then ! you can find out if you want ... * wolf howling * i hope you are sweet tooth , because my heart is made out of candy ! well , should i start with eating your brains ? : blushed : thanks allot ! ! 119722 heyyy girlsss ! : blushed : * gives away his heart * 119626 nihm from enfp section told me it was a open season for me in the intj section , so hello girls . : laughing : i'm already looking for other rare materials to collect : tongue : yeah , finding waldo is hard . * hug * no problem , ladies ! * looking shy * it's from a scene in the movie goodbye world . goodbye world ( 2013 ) - imdb well , not so good actually . i'm totally messed up for weeks , maybe months . it all depends on how much i love her and what future plans i had in mind . i'm going through a few stages : 1 . trying ... haha so you approached them without luck ? : laughing : don't take it personal , it's a metaphor . it's meant as a compliment . life would be so much better if we all just get along and see the funny side of it , instead of the negative side . i don't ... i know that feeling of irritation , just think that your special and they're lucky to have you . time flies when you are having fun ! : blushed : * sprinkle with xanax powder * well it sounds a bit fugly , but you should find the love that is inside of you . having your happiness bound to two persons is completely wrong . because when they are ... i just accept it's boring and move on and find something else to do : laughing : but when i need to study i try to think about two positive points : - training your memory - learning new words ... gender : male hair color : brown hair style : modern short eye shape : thin almond eyes eye color : brown glasses : n personal style / manner of dress : myself favorite color : green makeup ? : n nail ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JNWhOJSzZ0M https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pib8eYDSFEI https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nW5AF0m9Zw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgNvWfCMMh0 in search of infj yes : laughing : i'm in need of some luck then ! thank you good kind sir ! hey infj's ! where can i find you girls ? : tongue : where can i volunteer ? : tongue : yes it's manipulation but if you believe he has something value inside , you should try it . one of the reasons i go back to the bad relationship is because of believing that she has something special ... if you can pull your energy back , you should do it . for me it's everything or nothing . i can't slow down or stop the process . so if he loves to chase and charm , you can manipulate him by giving him a ... ` being open to a new relationship , while you are in a relationship , is wrong in my opinion . you are already saying to yourself that he's not right for you . why should you wait ? you mean that he does not care about your feelings and that's why you're dressing yourself sexy , so that you can get his attention ? i'm like the male version of that , but i don't try to dress sexy ... thanks bro ! there are two good friends that know i'm struggling , one is introverted , but he's really doing his best to help me out . i'm happy to have them around . ah nice that you are going ... it feels like i failure , every time . it's wise to take some time yes , that's what i'm going to do . ordered some books i wanted to read and i'm going backpacking in july for 7 weeks in thailand ... i fear the feelings of loneliness , it hurts allot . after 24 hours she send me a text message with the words i miss you . i told her to leave me alone : laughing : i'm going to try to be alone and ... for me it's first physically and then mentally , if i can leave her mentally : happy : '