' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S-fP1zqvfcE definitely one of my favorites , especially it's play on the prince charming motif , very infp . also , there was akio . axis powers hetalia . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LfKUMh4s78&feature=related because each country is a pure stereotype , and utterly retarded . the only reason i mention a religious figure is because the entire philosophical outlook expressed in buddhism deals pretty well exactly with the statement you've made here . i do not want to be ... on the outside i think i would best like a woman that could present herself as graceful and scholarly . it is not important that she actually be these things , but only that she should aspire to it . ... i don't think i could do casual sex . sexuality for me is either about providing comfort for someone i care about , or about glorifying my own ego through charm , intellect , empathy and seduction ... http://www.philosophersnet.com/images/moral_musings9.jpg there was no inconsistency in the way that you responded to the questions in this activity . you did not evaluate the actions depicted in ... the thing i've noticed from this thread is that a lot of people didn't read the question very closely . you may travel to a foreign country and live the life you've always dreamed for a month if ... i voted yes because frankly , this sounds like pretty much the same thing as having a job , and in truth , i think i would probably do it just for the sake of pleasing a magical fairy . i have cookies , is that it ? is that the password ? that really is the pitiful truth of it , isn't it . so what should we do for the next 6 days and 23 hours ? prude ... :P overall i read far more than i write , and since learning to speed read back at university , i read a lot and quickly . by far my favorite books tend to be on economics and history , with secondary ... i predict a riot http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hamKl-su8PE also , at 2.9 people per bed , it sounds like good times . the infp's are coming to get you ! ! ! http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/images/reviews/190/1197454209_1.jpg http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BT2IkL0d_K0 this reminds me almost exactly of an old post of mine that hurt everyone involved . http://personalitycafe.com/infp-forum-idealists/37804-lets-wright-ridiculous-infp-love-letters.html ... in term's of fiction , i guess i would have to name krelian from xenogears , which is of course my own avatar . since only a handful of people ever played that game , it's probably a pointless mention ... thanks spook , i guess i would like to be more precise , but overall the the concepts we are trying to deal with are so complicated , that it can be very difficult to do so in less than a very long ... thanks spook , i certainly don ’ t mean to seem critical ( remember that i am an infp after all ) but there are actually a few other basic premises that bother me , and the whole system over all seems ... i really like a lot of the engineering concepts discussed here , but the underlying concepts about how a society should work are really weak . overall it seems like it falls into a little bit of ... i guess what i've been listening to lately have been http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z2A-NnsUN3E and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnEDSBriVXk i'm thinking that would probably just cause inflation . : tongue : i remember when i was younger i would play age of empires for something like three hours a day , building little towns with my villagers . even still , i try to figure out economic models in my head ... ok , i can see the appeal in that . can't help but think you would go through your laundry money pretty quick though . : tongue : revolutionary girl utena ouran high school host club axis powers hetalia i love historical and cultural role play . i don ’ t know if i find it sexual necissarilly , but i certainly find it cute and playful , which makes me want to lead it into something which is sexual . i suppose materially , i would like to be able to buy the land behind my old home . this place was heavily wooded , and sat on a high plateau overlooking the water in the distance . i would love to be ... calgary alberta , but i miss nova scotia . unfortunately most of the land on that list is either too small ( about 3 acres per person , and we would need at least 5 to 10 ) , or comes with requirements to set up an industrial facility . also ... this is something i think a lot of people think about me , but since i'm a guy they usually don't come right out and tell me ( as that would probably be offensive ) . though , i admit it's probably my ... dear beautiful , this morning was wonderful . i still remember sitting at the table , pretending to read my book while i was really watching you . i ’ m sorry i laughed when you burnt yourself ... i thought we were writing about fantasies of ours that go wrong . shielding some damsel in distress that turns out to be a total ! @ # $ % would suck . also , quebecers are damn sexy . for the first time in over a year , and certain calm had settled over the city of quebec . the resentment still simmered , quiet under the surface , but the fighting had stopped , and the anger had ... dear oleas , it saddens me to hear that you may have died . paris is such a lovely city in its way , and perhaps you may have been able to share your paris with me . i donx 92t care about the eiffel ... i knew that looked wrong . gonna see if i can change it . i guess i can't . oh well . i want to be water , but i think deep down i'm more probably fire . i've always felt a certain draw and captivation by creative destruction . a fire can tear through a great forest , destroying ... i think the main reason i want to pursue this thread is because i have always wanted to be able to express deeper and more meaningful feelings towards someone that i care about . in some ways i think ... dear snail , i was thinking about you again today . i don ’ t know , i guess i just haven ’ t been able to think clearly since that first time we talked together . i guess i can ’ t hold it against you , ... so basically i have this idea that we should write absolutely ridiculous love letters back and forth in a thread , just to be silly and fun . just try and think about the kind of things that you would ... well , i think mostly i just like it because at it's core it's about finding practical means for improving the well being of people . that kind of thing appeals to me . sorry , i wasn't actually implying that you were focusing on semantics , and i hate to think i might have hurt your feelings . i was actually trying to reference the fact that normal language tends to ... actually that's not true . : tongue : based on fuzzy set theory , items cannot be divided into simple binary variables . because each apple represents a total number of different particles , it is ... i noticed that , i think your post disappeared as well . did something happen ? i think the language just isn't built for these kinds of discussions . i think for the most part it's just a matter of not spinning around semantics , which might be difficult . as far as the cog in ... i think i might know where you are coming from . a close friend of mine was an infj , and one of the things that he mentioned was that inf's in general tend to rely on a sort of eureka , moment ... i like most of what vinndi said , and it helped clarify my thoughts . the basic premisis of logic is to work though problems systematically . you start with a base and few premises and then progress ... i think my biggest thing is my love of economics , though i come from a very infp place when i study it . i guess the other thing would be my tendency towards british loyalism . overall i think i'm ... thanks , i think i'm actually very lucky that my first kiss could have happened the way that it did . '