' i totally understand where are you coming from . but in my case the rewards surpass the safety of my job . im going no where with my job and im getting paid very low . my problem is not with the ... hey guys already posted this on the career section but also thought posting here will be a good idea . first , i donx 92t live in the us or europe and ix92m not even citizen . i want to work online ... hey guys first , i donx 92t live in the us or europe and ix92m not even citizen . i want to work online full time and make a decent pay out of it ( 1-2 k usd ) . i have a bachelor degree in economics . i work ... wow , that is such a bold move . i hope things turned to the better . i think one of the reasons i'm still having this tiny bit of hesitation is pure fear . telling people that you are quitting , ... that is probably why im not moving to another job . i've been to more than 10 interviews during my 2 years at work . see , that my point is that my job is screwing me up . due to the pressure , ... no , i still didn't quit my job . but , i will in a month time . although , i didn't learn alot in my job , technically speakingbut i learned alot about myself . first , i want to go into web and ... hi , first of all i posted this in the career forum , but like.to post it here also . i currently work in a bank . my two years in this place is distarous and tragic at the same time . i don't like ... i don't have any option , i have just lost it , i can't feel it anymore . the only reason i'm not fired is because of political reason ( im not good at it ) . i could have stayed in the job while seeking ... have i explored all other options ? i hate funking banking , and my job is a deviation from what i want . i don't like it , i hate accounting , its boring etc . getting a reference will be a little bit ... hi , first of all im an intp , and work in a bank . my two years in this place is distarous and tragic at the same time . i don't like my job , its not what i wanted to do at all . my boss is a ... you really can't like a job you genuinely hate . you can only just see the pros and cons in it and try to survive . that what i did and what i believe most people in the corporate world . for e . g i ... that my end result goal , but still im too young . i have graduated exactly 2 years ago . i don't have the experience nor the money to do so . i would like to build an app or something but i lack ... 1 . the job is terribly boring and constrained limited to a very few tasks . repetitive and there is nothing new in it . attention to extreme a details is a must , something i really don't give attention ... hey guys , i'm currently working in a job that i really hate for over a year now and can't move on , as if i'm stuck . it have a relatively good pay , close to home but i hate it . i have problems with ... it seems that almost all intps have to pass through this phase . i'm also passing through this phase . the only difference that i learned the importance of knowing what you want ; the hard way . i'm ... this answers the op post perfectly man , i see in fight club the strongest and smartest men who've ever lived . i see all this potential , and i see squandering . god damn it , an entire generation ... i can relate with many of the replies here and experienced many of them . suffering and pain for me is found and generated mainly by weakness . my inability to change or manipulate the reality i ... hey guys i'm an intp and i have no background on the it world , and i'm passionately interested in it and wanna join . i have an economics background and i work in a bank as an mis analyst . but i ... i've been thinking about this question after i started getting deep into mbti and start reading your posts . for me , this is a pretty tricky question . i like my analytical skills , my creative and ... my idea is so awesome , that i won't share it with others . :) well , that's very open ended question that many great people failed to answer . success is not objective its subjective . at the end it really depends on the person . some people find success in ... check cowon mp3 players , they have one of the best sound around and they match your requirements . they are not that expensive either . highly recommended no , that's very inspiring , quitting drugs and alcohol , is one of the hardest challenges . although , i didn't go into this stuff deeply , but i've been a nicotine addict ( yes , smoking is a drug ... my definition of success is very broad yet very simple . success is being able to do what you want where you want and where you want although that may seem as a very vague and controversial ... after lurking in this forum for a while , it seems that most of the threads here are too dry , so why not change it around a little bit . i'm currently going through a very rough time ; its my first ... its unfair to say the economics is useless , its definitely not . there are just a few jobs that needs economists in the private sector . econometrics , is very desirable in some major firms etc . ... unfortunately , lately im becoming more realistic , and im starting to abandon the idea of having a career in economics . im currently having a very bad experience in my job . im taking a shitty ... hmm , that's a very inspiring start to this thread . funny , im also considering becoming a software developer so i can design applications that is both related to economics and finance . so , what ... i graduated a year ago with a bachelor's degree in economics and minoring in political economy . i really like the subject ( although i graduated with a low gpa ) and think that its really suitable ... get busy living , or get busy dying stephen king from the shwashank redemption . this could be the best all rounded quote ever ! ! ! after one year from graduating college , here are some of the lessons i learned during this dramatic year . never take anything for granted . change is the only constant don't change your ... after joining the corporate world for six months , my view about life and what so called career , is totally changed . first , i have to admit that my experience in the corporate world is very ... we intps do make great leaders . we are capable of detecting inconsistencies and problems long before they happen and we do have a vision for the future . but all of these features are given under ... i really hate making assumptions about certain careers . whether they will yield good money or benfits etc . not because that a . i progams will have a writing capability and not because writers are ... although i don't dislike entjs and i think they are a good match for me , whether for friendship or romance . but here is some stuff i really dislike in you . 1 . they are very egocentric ... i don't think that i dislike esfjs nor think they are shallow or naive , but i''m not very compatible with esfjs ( sjs ) in general . i have met many esfjs in my life especially females . great ... i think its more than psychological , having a well functiong body , definitely result in a well functioning body . eating healthy food and excericing the body , will definitely have a positive ... well , its better to look back now and try to change the course of your life rather than looking back at 80 . you're only limited by your idea of limitations . wake up i'm not really sure ... that's absolutely true and its a known fact , but i think this is a very cynical and a negative outlook on life . for me i see life as a time frame where you try to do what you want and try to be what ... yes , despite all the negative energy i know that im tough nut to crack . i won't give up but at the same time , i can't imagine how i will carry on living this way . i hope your son doesn't read ... the hr is a no go for me , i have only been there for 4 months.so i don't think i will have a say . and im afraid if i did so , it will be simply a suicide.since most probably most of you coworkers ... problem here , is that both mangers and co-workers are very passive and lack time-management . as a result we tend to be simply lost in this hectic environment , and nobody listens to my advice . i ... wow , that was quick you got me although i didn't give up and deep down i have the will . but ive been trying my whole life and didn't do anything.im starting to break , everybody have a breaking ... ( warning this is a very depressing thread ) hey guys , ix92m a 23 years old intp male and all of my life i have suffered directly and indirectly by being one . i think ix92m a very ambitious person who ... i have just joined the corporate world 4 months ago and ix92m really having a hard time trying to adapt . i work with a team that is full of sensors . the department head is a messed up esfj who tries to ... i totally understand the meaning of the op . i would think having a good physique will really help many of the stereotypes people hold on me . having a good physique have many benfits other than ... yeah , i think nts in general are curious to understand the world and become more competent doing so , although i think its more of an xntp . xntj are more inclined to apply , than to learn and ... my favorite character is definitely lord bailesh he seems like a smart , sneaky bastard . i really don't know his type and i don't why i actually like him , but i do . arya stark is also an old time ... left handed here , and my xntj was also left handed . but i don't think that by just being a right or left handed affect your psychological or mental abilities . it seems that many here are over analyzing and complicating the idea of mediation . its definitely not a placebo effect . its more like a brian excerice , where you become more aware of your inner ... '