' well i started talking in full sentences and got lumped into some kind of unheard of beyond-adult-reading-level category for the school reading program so based on pure iq i probably qualified as ... i could have been this horrible ego fueled adonis except that i've got very bad eyesight so my hand eye coordination was greatly stalled for all of those sports where you need to know where a ball is ... quite frankly i'm tired of people declaring that grammar works this way or that when it doesn't . anyway seeing as you have failed to meet the burden of proof i'll categorize this under a ... i called it emotion trolling ( meant tone trolling actually - whoops . ) but hey , let's point out the fallacy ~ you're begging the question . i don't see it . going by how you responded to are you a ... what an awfully disjointed reply . i'll rephrase it in a harsher , but easier to follow manner : in a hypothetical situation where , instead of complaining about you making arguments from authority ... hypothetically i grant you all of those claims you just made , despite the lack of reason behind them ( seriously , if you think you're smarter than me just say it but if you want to do this without ... well a map of what we don't know is sort of an endless endeavor unless you're inverting a map of what we do know . if you don't mind the wait ( or can call in person with well formulated ... actually originality isn't all that tricky , it just takes a lot more focus than we're used to allotting to creativity . the thing is that you can't trust yourself to not just come to identical ... i become very unavailable when one of my last few interactions with a person was difficult . i'm probably mad at them but not in a way i really recognize . i'm not especially going to stir up drama ... in general i trend towards becoming friends with females but i wasn't ever comfortable with trying to approach dating them - initiating it is this troublesome mess of trying to let myself be confident ... blech . i despise the notion of getting pleasure for no reason other than that you decided to give yourself pleasure . if you can just flood yourself in euphoria why ever do anything else ? 71 , and i thought i was leaning pretty weakly toward it . nice of them to use such polar questions when the maximum score wasn't always either end . i don't even need omniscience to tell what people are going to do / say most of the time , it ' so easy to just trace a path forward . but knowing it all at once should open up some opportunities to ... i'm fairly depressed fairly often . i haven't been diagnosed with it but for weeks or seasons i can't do anything to dig myself out of whatever pit i'm stuck in . my attention span is almost ... i think i've thought of one but it is world specific too . picture the generice olde fantasye settinge . ok , not so much that kind of old , more like there's somebody pacing back and forth at the ... i had cold feet a lot when i was little around my parents ' smoke all the time though i was probably more stressed then too . in jr high i had a morning walk just under two miles during the half of ... i don't like going around looking at things very often but the being entertained category is a little less appealing . i'm really difficult to excite though . conversation and physically doing ... it was a rhetorical question and i proceeded as if you'd already said no , then gave you some a simple metaphor for nk cells . aaaand i haven't said anything about how b and t lymphocytes works so ... do you know enough about what those cells are to make the distinction as to whether they improve an already healthy immune system or if they just help to bring a poor one up to better function ? ... no , it's different enough that any comparison you tried to form would have the wolves naturally being driven out if there were too many sheep and other passive type things but booming when the ... the gunk on your hands and face is relatively harmless or is already on your face doing it's damage . now , the stuff that comes out of your butt , lotta ways that can be a vector for disease . urine ... the gunk on your hands and face is relatively harmless or is already on your face doing it's damage . now , the stuff that comes out of your butt , lotta ways that can be a vector for disease . urine ... i guess i wouldn't say i like algebra and calculus but i like it when they help me do something . in reality a lot of the people who think they are just don't know any better . with intelligence it's like the world is full of cripples pretending to be superheroes . either you're too honest or ... i've only had a couple of experiences of that sort . although i mentally prepared for violence it didn't happen , though it seems like the preparation is why the adversaries chose not to engage ~ i always thought the making fun of each other thing was a way to temper yourself against insults and show a bit of how well you controlled your temper . probably took until jr high for me to really ... oh yes , my trouble meeting people can easily be solved by meeting people : confused : i try that most of the time when i try to interact with someone new . it is a horrible flop . there's something else about how you ask questions that i don't just naturally do , and without it there's ... i haven't figured out how to like people enough to really get them to start interacting with me . i thought the definition usually involved living in a region sp technically no it doesn't . i think i've narrowed it down to something more precise - it's when people have only one group within which to make social connections . all those different voices playing tug of war for our mind ... i've been toying around with some project ideas for awhile but this has seemed like the one most worth sharing . generally we suck at imagining up aliens . fiction or , uh , well unintentional ... i've had someone watch a few of my quirks and say i was probably a genius . honestly though the state of mind is a very transient thing for me . i'm very average most of the time , just weird most of ... i've noticed that i've got two modes to my speech . when i'm well enough in my element i can hit all of these dialects and accents with ease ( which i try to only do it sparingly in actual speech , ) but ... fafsa.org ( assuming america . ) if you parents make little enough money you can get pell grants that will come very close to paying in state tuition and the government gives out subsidized loans ( no ... i would be very street smart if i was a little more confident about it and got out more . i've only ever faked it after i warned a relative that if she spit in my hair there would be hell to pay . i was a little surprized at how easy it was to let myself do that but it was very much ... i certainly lead on amateurs trying to play psychiatrist on me . it's weird if i don't . my sister was trying it awhile back and although she's very used to me knowing a lot of detail about everything ... being angry at yourself doesn't serve any purpose anger is about defending yourself so if you've decided you shouldn't be angry there's nothing for you to defend against . stuff i picked up young ... a wave eh ? you can cancel those with an opposite wave . i got myself asking does this make sense or something like that when i would start to feel my blood boil and usually if i tried to see the ... i've moved away from that because maximum options doesn't suit me . i want to cut away at it until i have a useable set of options , especially when i never would have used all that chaff in the first ... i'm pleased to talk about them or most monsters out of fiction but not particularlytied to the one concept . i tend to find myself trying to piece together a few seconds of action if i've been watching that sort of thing recently but i can't actually work out something that stretches for all that far . this ... oddly i don't use that many quotes . well i quote things frequently in speech and i'm very particular about getting the quote right . i have to really suppress my reaction to someone quoting ... my outlook is actually very positive but i just don't really know how to communicate that sort of thing seems like a pretty optimal thing to say to an employer , except maybe if you were going into ... i tend to like the ones that are not politically correct . a few try to grab onto that and make it the only thing they are , which isn't a very good way to do comedy , but for the ones that just do kind ... my writing is usually a very close approximation of my inner monologue , other than when i decide to strike something out and reword it ( there were three different words as the original start of this ... in high shcool i spent a lot of time trying to present how i felt to people but they coudln't usually work through the apparently lofty enigma of what felt like being straightforward to me . now ... naw , they totally tolerate and forgive all people . i totally just showed the loophole for it . to be a little fair being religious doesn't make you like that - it's just being super-religious that ... there are plenty of heavily religious people that tolerate all people . it's just that all of what you think are people aren't people . the authority for their belief says so . - really , i've seen the ... '