' this is actually exactly what i expected ! : laughing : introversion | 40 % | 70 % extroversion | 66 % | 36 % intuitive | | ... now that you've had time to chill out , here comes the boundless insanity and awesomeness ! ( p . s . just noticed the weird tense / perspective of this sentence ... it's being spoken by the universe to me ... i'm going to post before i actually read the entire thread : name a famous person you don't like . mel gibson what was the last thing you bought ? groceries to make italian food name a ... i worked as a programmer all through high school , and then went to college for comp sci for about a year ... eventually i decided it was something that i enjoyed , but not something i wanted to do all ... i buy it whenever possible , and i adjust my cooking habits to accommodate what's local and organic and in season . i also cut corners in other parts of my budget so i don't have to sacrifice on the ... for sure , 13-15 = epic fail i'm 28 now and on average for the last 6 years , each day is better than the one that came before : laughing : mm .. this i agree with . we need more compassion , there's plenty of justice . justice just means people acting superior , and 2 wrongs where 1 would have sufficed ... also , i think having justice as ... feeling love so intense and unreasonable that you know you'll never be able to share it all ... or even express much of it :d ry : this exactly ^ i just typed out an explanation that i thought would elaborate , but it was nearly identical to what you wrote .. : happy : the girl i'm falling for is coming over tonite so i can cook her dinner , and i think she feels it too ! : shocked : i'm absolutely delighted and terrified mostly delighted though : crazy : this sort of thing is what happens when good intentioned people take the written word so literally for thousands of years and never have the mystical experience required to understand what they've ... i'm a pantheist , maybe ? something like that . i believe all the universe is mind , and i don't follow any written religious traditions , whether or not they agree with that . lots of the stuff that's ... in such a broad sense , i don't think i could decide one type that i would always be happiest with . nf's always make me happy : happy : right now however , i'm crushing pretty hard on this enfp ... my roommate is an entp and he is in fact hillarious ! he's actually done stand up comedy a few times . we've known each other for years , since high school . as long as he remembers that i'm not able ... i think a big part of friendships not lasting is that we can see people quite clearly , and we also have very high ideals ... combined we end up convincing ourselves to keep distance from most people , ... the real world is totally fun ! it's whatever you want it to be ! there's still annoying bits , but you're free to do whatever . all the endings and beginnings coming up will give you chances to ... so do i to be honest i have enough trouble keeping up with groups of people with my wits about me , if i'm drunk around other people i just feel extra dumb . but staying home alone and getting ... nf : happy : don't take this personally , but if i get the impression that i'm being worked out of my shell so to speak , you'll likely never see me again : unsure : i cook intensely spicy thai soups , and stay home from work , and sleep like 14 hours a day . water and vitamins and chili / ginger / garlic over and over . sweat it all out : tongue : yeah , move out ! happy first ! then stable ... : happy : yeah , you most certainly should talk about it . it's only weird because you haven't talked already , as soon as everything's in the open and theres no mystery , then you can both move on and be happy ... i was also really snobby when i was young . i think i distanced myself from a lot of good people just cause i put them into some or another undesirable category . sorta wish i hadn't done that :d ry : i was at a really big outdoor concert once with a couple of friends , and we were all sitting on the lawn in the middle of this crowd of 80,000 people during setbreak . the lights were on and just ... i would want to talk about it ! i'd think i'd feel delighted for myself , but unsure about how i made them feel , and how our future would be together ... there are so many variables in such a ... reallytiredworkinghardworkingovertimestillgonnacookdinnerandcooktravelfoodfortheweekendanddrive 700milesandcomestraightbacktoworkandhavelotsoffunandneversleepandtotallyburnoutoneofthesedaysifidontgetso ... full moon and equinox ! super accelerated chi for everyone ! fast and dense these past few weeks eh ? sortof exciting and intimidating as well : laughing : yes yes , caution for sure , i didn't mean to imply otherwise ... i just feel that on a grand scale , humanity as a whole needs to be conscious of each other , and not allow walls to rise between people ... this has happened to me for sure ... and sometimes i'll even write them a short email or something to let them know im thinking of them .. without bringing up why . it's nice to know you've got ... everyone is right ! you need to talk to him ! it will be weird for sure , but it in the long run it won't be nearly as weird as keeping it a secret . from my own personal experience , i can only say ... :d ry : i really feel like this jumps to a lot of conclusions ... how could you have any idea that any of that is true ? be careful for sure , but , don't make assumptions out of paranoia ... it's ... there's no black and white model that applies to everything ... too much variety and ambiguity for that . at the same time , i understand why it's said that our values are non-negotiable . i think ... so ... think of it this way .. how many times have you seen someone randomly browsing cd's and wished you had the guts to ask their number ? i know what you mean by it being weird an out of the blue , ... a little piece of general wisdom about plant teachers that i once heard is : if you have any doubts , then wait i think you should give it a shot though . : happy : ( with people you trust , in a ... i think you would really enjoy the i ching ! it's got lots of interpretations and applications , but one aspect of it i find particularly interesting is the way it describes and categorizes various ... if i'm annoyed i generally just disengage from that particular person ... i'll still converse if i have to , but i don't focus any attention in their direction , because in reality i'm trying to block ... depending on the college , certain places can be very accommodating if you want to switch . worth a shot anyway to call up and see what's involved . also yeah , don't do anything silly with taking ... ! ! ! : crazy : i've tried to explain this to people and everyone thinks i'm insane ! i would say that if you don't need the money , and you're fairly certain you won't enjoy this job , then don't do it . first of all .. these days , any job should pay more than $ 8 . it's not 1995 ... people who are too caught up to see ... it manifests in a bunch of different ways , but that's really what gets me . folks who make a choice not to observe what's around them . examples : jumping ... i am infp and i am still drinking coffee and surfing the net despite being late for work ... again : confused : this topic is relevant to an experience i had last weekend , and the meditations that ended up spinning out of it ... i spent a bunch of days with someone who had a rather extreme case of ... hmm ... i've thought about this quite a bit , as i imagine most people have who spend their time thinking about why society is so messed up . my thought is that it's not necessarily capitalism itself ... i got an enfx feeling also . but possibly j before p as orangeappled said . but more importantly , don't seek an infp , just seek someone you connect with : happy : if you weren't interested in ... i am drunk ! and listening to great music ! and putting a terrible mood caused by a dark presence behind me ! happy wednesday everyone ! : laughing : the world will change when young children grow up in an environment that promotes love , forward movement , sharing , cooperation , etc ... despite the happy face that public schools and the media ... there are more choices besides hard logic and blind faith . what about personal experiences that defy logic ? you can have faith in things because you feel them .. it's not blind for everyone . i ... the word pseudo-science is totally a slight against all the things it tries to describe . as if science is the only correct way to explain the universe , and everything else is just faking it . i ... most definately ! i also feel compelled to go hiking when the weather makes it's just barely safe ... sorta weird now that i think about it . i was visiting some friends once who lived way out in ... hanging out with an infj is quite an experience ! one of my best friends is infj , and i also know one other , and they both understand me and my outlook better than most of the world . the telepathy ... '