' i'm an enfp and i love entjs ! sexy , sexy type ! some say enfp , some say infp , you say esfj ... all i know is i relate to her , especially in the beginning with her 100 hobbies ! plus , on a personal note , i know it's like to be overprotected / ... lol ! so , that stereotype you're with ! of course ! i mean , i don't blame you ... i love how you tear someone down for stereotyping and then go into you own insulting stereotype of enfps ! just curious .. did you get this annoyed at comments others made that were super unflattering of enfps ? cause you were really upset at this one person . but , all anyone is doing at all is making ... i'm an enfp and yes it's true that i can be random , spacey , and goofy , i'm also very naive and very honest as well . bravo to this post ! that was comprehensive , intelligently written and helpful to me . i am totally repunzel , btw ! i don't know how unpopular this is , but , i don't believe people should boil lobsters and crayfish , etc , alive . to me it's barbaric . there are less painful ways to get the job done . ? ? ? was that a response to what i said ? i didn't say slutty - lol ! i said sexy ! not a comment on entj loyalty to existing relationships . [ quote = recon 777 ; 6216850 ] no time to properly reply to everything now , but i have to say ... y'all are definitely reinforcing my false stereotype that entjs are all cold blooded and insensitive by ... i know , me too ! they're sexy aren't they ? ;-) ... powerful , authoritative , extremely confident - and badass ! yep , you guys are the mythical creatures of humanity :-) i'd love ya either way , baby , married or unmarried ! and you know , you infj guys are hard to come by :-( me too ! ! ! :-) <3 ;-) i'm starting to really like you , twitch ! ;-) yeah , me too ! it was a nice surprise :-) those cookies look so fun - but , i think they would seem tastier if they didn't look shiny , y'know like wet unicorn poop ( cookies ) ... lol - but still very fun ! hi :-) you have been summoned because the friendly author of the thread mentioned you among a list of names . the first person to post a comment on this thread had it right when they predicted that all ... i don't know ~ why are you guys so rare and hard to find ? :-( i love andy too ! ! ! he's totally enfp - no doubt about it ! the actor and the character . i put his picture on the celeb enfp thread a while back . absolutely ! ! ! i'll be the first one ( i think , unless i'm later than i think ) to start that nf dogpile of comfort and love ! ! sorry about your crappy day :-( the way that read seemed like it would sound like april ludgate from parks and rec . :-) swede https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-ash3/t1.0-9/10299957_552459681535097_7581456976105739236_n.jpg gives a whole new meaning to f the police ! holy crap ! ! ! i knew you meant it ! i did some work to try to help you but came to a dead end as far as editing profile preferences and subscriptions directly . you have to unsubscribe through one of your ... oh , pretty ! ! i love it ! <3 yeah , i had looked for other syn . thread before creating this , and couldn't find any . it wasn't til i made it that the showed me down at the bottom a short list of similar threads ~ and i was like , ... it could somehow be connected , perhaps . [ quote = captainwildchild ; 6270642 ] ... calm your tits woah ... lol ! ! ! thank you for the laugh :-) i agree and know what you mean . and i feel like if i were any more girly and feminine , i'd be like an annoying cartoon caricature ! but , i'm very assertive , and that seems to be judged by many as ... thank you ! finally someone votes for the enfps ! ! ! yea ! this is a poll i found about rarity / commonness of personality types , similar to the one above . don't know which one would be more accurate , but its all worth considering . sorry people , i know , ... i'm a 4w5 too :-) smoke ... and enfp ( more selfish , daring and typical feminists ) . [ / quote ] hey , thanks for compliment to the enfps ! i've always bee told how feminine i am , btw . also , not selfish , and i would ... everything you said here were all the thoughts i was thinking as i was reading this as well . i can't believe what i've read and the stereotyping on introvertedness as feminine . to be honest i kinda ... yes that is definitely synaesthesia ~ ! purplelemon i love your name , btw ! for a while now , i've planned , for if i ever owned a coffee or tea house or something , that a possible name would be the blue orange . not a big deal , but had to ... i like it . some times though , it's a little distracting . i could live with or without it just fine . though , if i lost it , don't know what would go with it that might be connected to it . i wonder if ... i'm not sure , but everything you said makes you sound like a synaesthete . and the colors of the wind could have been written by a synnie , or just a very clever and poetic person . always hard to tell ... ok , i'm so excited to hear from you ! that's the main synaesthesia that i have . i agree with you about the tastes for grape , peter ( although it's also pizza ) , and butter . do you know who james ... oh , you're definitely a synnie ! ! i have that a little , where a sound or song can be a color or character or mood or a flavor . and it seems to make sense at the time , if you're a synnie , that is :-) ps , i'm so happy to ... [ quote = azdahak ; 4592144 ] typical flighty , bitchy , passive-aggressive manipulator . this is what you think a typical woman is ? wow ! however i do truly believe that you've pointed out a very good pattern for female behaviour , especially for feelers . kindness = = weakness . wrong ! ! that's how we feelers are seen . why would we ... go elistra ! ! i'm loving you and your butt - kickin ' spirit ! i too have had demonic experiences - at night time . a shadowy figure , ghoulish evil figures standing over my bed , being shaken awake and the list goes on and on , unfortunately . are you comfortable ... lol ! yeah , that's true ! my man gets good and mad pretty easily at me ... or other things . and yeah ! of course they see something special in us ! we're loads of magical fun - lol ! :-) and they're not ... yep ! i am an enfp married to an istj , and have met many people on perc who are either married to or dating an istj . maybe they are just the most willing to put up with our nonsense ! i don't know quite what an infj male - or female would be like . but , i assume sensitive , which gets a big star from me , since i'm a sensitivo myself . my fashion sense is vintage since i can remember ! also thrift shops . vintage & / or cheap ! midcentury is my favorite . '