' re : communism and socialism both are outdated forms of social technology , just like our social system is . one of the reasons history repeats itself is because the conditions do not change . i am ... ultimately , there are just too many people on earth to help , and many do not have access to the internet ; so no , i am not trying to save everyone . i am actually trying to do two things ... 1 . as an ... i am not trying to put the universe into words , i am trying to quantify the human condition to help people understand how to make a better history to repeat itself . it is when people do not ... hi everyone , a bit of an update is in order . i found out that what i thought i was looking for is the four cardinal virtues , but those are not what i need . to give everyone a general idea of what i ... hi everyone , a bit of an update is in order . i found out that what i thought i was looking for is the four cardinal virtues , but those are not what i need . to give everyone a general idea of what i ... hi everyone , a bit of an update is in order . i found out that what i thought i was looking for is the four cardinal virtues , but those are not what i need . to give everyone a general idea of what i ... hi everyone , a bit of an update is in order . i found out that what i thought i was looking for is the four cardinal virtues , but those are not what i need . to give everyone a general idea of what i ... to give everyone a general idea of what i am trying to produce , i am posting my feeble attempt at defining the value of justice . ( P= positive aspect , n = negative aspect , * = observation or reason ) be ... my apologies , i only wanted you to realize that i wasn't a grandfather . the insult was intended for steffiqueenofthenerds . to give everyone a general idea of what i am trying to produce , i am ... a bit of an update is in order . 1 . the four values ( other than love ) turned out to be the four cardinal values , but those were not what i was actually looking for . 2 . at this point i am open to ... i'm old enough ( physically ) to be a grandfather , but am still just a father ( she hasn't hit her tweens yet ) . with that said , if you cannot help make a better society for everyone then i pray you are ... when i was young , i felt and did ( basically ) the same as you . i was awed by how willing people were to do even the stupidest things i would suggest and i too became afraid because power corrupts ... so you've decided that being trained how to participate in killing others , and probably putting that training into practice is worth getting a free education ? and you might even get into the dirty ... cynical intp responce ... would you buy a painting of a can of campbell's soup ? i wouldn't , but apparently some people think it's worth a lot of money ( i'd rather have the soup ) . much of what i think ... hi everyone , i need to do a litle explaining and updating if you do not mind . 1 . i checked out the cardinal virtues and found out that yes , that is what i was asking for and that no , that is not ... as an intp i would think / know if i wasn't right for remembering ( t ) research data or working on developing ( t ) hardware . however i suspect that if i were an infp these jobs wouldn't feel right to ... there are several things i think you should consider before you make a choice . 1 . am i willing to take the risk my job won't be outsourced , downsized , etc . , or am i willing to risk starting my own ... i can remember when data entry operators were being payed 10 times the minimum wage and canada's unemployment insurance agency was practically forcing the unemployed to become deo's . i haven't heard ... i can remember when data entry operators were earning 10 times the minimum wage and the demand for them was so high that canada's unemployment insurance was practically forcing unemployed people to ... how about fashionating apparel ? fashionatingapparel.com or opportuneitee's yes , thank you for the link . this was exactly what i wasn't looking for . the four cardinal virtues are what i thought i wanted , but they are not the actual virtues i do want . i guess i'm going to ... i too did the test and then googled my type ( intp ) and found out there was a site ( perc ) that had a forum dedicated to intp issues . since all four of the int ( ? ) types only constitute between 2 to 7 ... an old ( er ) intp giving his answers . as a kid : was curious about god ; 1 . went to the first church in town and all the preacher talked about was x93the blood of the lambx 94 and how x93everyone ... no . i seem to remember beauty , truth , justice ? , and love ; but i'm not certain . hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... hi there , this request for help is being posted in all the x93fx94 personality forums because fx92s understand the subject i need help with better than anyone . also , the more input from a variety of fx92s i ... i ahve two favorite moods . 1 . enthusiasm - enthusiasm is contagious and when people get caught up in the mood they can achieve wonders . 2 . ambition ( including confidence ) - alexander did not set ... when i was young i used to listen to music all the time . i also had a favorite fantasy series that i read over and over . then one day as i was talking with a friend , i said he reminded me of a * * * ... regarding intpism ... years ago i was diagnosed with ocd . after finding out about and reading about the intp personality type i said to myself , that's exactly the type of ocd i was diagnosed with ! actually , i have a cute story about a law that was subverted and made to enforce the very thing its name implied . confused ? back in the early days of the nation of canada husbands were allowed to ... intp's are very good at connecting the dots . unfortunately , most people prefer art to connect-the-dots because it evokes a feel good emotional response in them . on the other hand , intp's see art as ... is weed harmless ? yes , weed and alcohol are harmless if taken in moderation . but since it takes over six months for your body to get rid of the stuff from one joint , what is moderation ? when i first ... you can lead a horse to water but ( despite how thirsty the horse is ) you can't make it drink . no one has ever changed another persons life , only the person themselves can do that . however , i have ... legislators only pay lip service to needing votes . legislators need cash and the support of ( bought journalists ) newspapers . then , despite their record they will get elected . the voting public really ... valued : compassion - when a person is motivated by love , that person is likely to do the right thing . wisdom - a wise person either knows or intuitively feels when a course of action is wrong and ... ain't that the truth ! i read that all int ( ? ) ' s constitute only 2 to 7 % of the population ( i don't know how many of those are intp's but if it's shared equally that means that 0.5 to 1.3 % of all ... me : 1 . hire several filmographers to record almost everything imaginable on earth ( natural and man-made ) . 2 . see at least one underground city and the temples of india . 3 . start an ... i am working hard to become a productive citizen , but for years i was a chronic welfare bum . i had no education , i had no hope , i had no ambition , i had no self-respect , and i had to abase myself ... the point i was making is that even during the heyday of investigative reporting , newspapers only contained controlled information / propoganda and yet people insisted on buying them ( and the ... isn't amazing how some peoples minds work ? i never would have thought to thank everyone on a side of a debate , just to lend credence to that faction . personally i like the thank function and would ... investigative journalism and real reporters suggests you believe the propoganda that the free world has a free press . how can a free press discover nixon and a few others wiretapped in the ... 1 . people = 98 % chimpanzee + 2 % creative + 2 % co-operative - 1 % self-destructive - 1 % prejudiced 2 . color = something my mind tricks me into believing i see 133 % more of ( percieve 3 imagine 4 = ... when i was a virgin teenager i used to look at every girl and ask myself if i would have sex with her . almost always the answer was yes . then i would ask myself what i would do if she got pregnant ... credible sources claim humans are causing global warming , so would you settle for info you can look up for yourself ? ( some of this info is so old to me that i've forgotten some of the particulars . ) ... if you examine our planet today , you can find humans who have travelled into space and humans who ( because they cannot make their own metal or plastic ) still live in the stone age . now imagine that ... '