' based on this in depth interview , anyone want to take a stab ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mywqmANUNDQ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrdY8f4mQO8 the last few minutes strengthens my ... don't know , but i'm starting to think i can't handle people with prominent fe . it drives me bonkers when i supposed to do something because that's the way it should be done . ironically , two of ... same ! i feel some of your pain . 2nd generation ( both my parents from philippines ) filipino american here . hey ! i just met you , and this is crazy , but here's my number - so call me maybe :D ( meaning it 100 % ) i have to wear it becauseshe'swearing it ! * _ * on a happier note compared to this one , no such thing - john mayer if only smallville had been better written . erica durance is lois lane . i'm no good at typing so here's a bump for ya : bumppp my enfj preferred post-makeover allison while i prefer pre-makeover . thread merge : http://personalitycafe.com/guess-type/152789-breakfast-club.html ? maybe now that they've gotten more popular , people will feel like typing them :P if my memories serves me right and we're going by the not too accurate self-comparison way to type , i don't relate to him that much . i feel like he is too much in the moment just reacting to ... bumppp now , i'm thinking isfp . can i read your story ? =) i feel like i'm failure at life loads of time , but i keep trying ... sort of ... :P i play devil's advocate for semi-fun . people don't take me seriously , which i'm neither dissatisfied or satisfied with , especially since i never really give them a reason to . mad world - michael andrews quork please , thanks in advance hamlet - would have totally joined him in his craziness l / lawliet from death note - everything about him just mmm 87109 donnie darko - something about jerky misunderstand hero gets to me ... i was about to mentally smack you with bubble wrap . this thread me what ? ! pretty loud ... that is all . monsieur melancholy = infp 1 . if it's pleasant make good conversation . if it becomes a hassle , turn it off and hope it doesn't do it again . 2 . ketchup , because i wouldn't want to disturb others in the library . 3 ... the person yelling at me tends to be someone close to me and they're most likely saying something stupid because they're most likely my parents and we rarely agree in yelling matches and i only get ... i'm ... not the only one . thank you , i needed this . my eyes got a little wet when i read this because of how much i can relate = j edit : computer went wacky and i thought i didn't post this . i'm ... not the only one . thank you , i needed this . my eyes got a little wet when i read this because of how much i can relate = j the author of this book stole my thoughts and pretty much my outlook on life and published it without my permission ! ! ! ... yeah , i really related to charlie and the only complaint about the book ... if i'm not talking to my close friends or family i think people can view me as an ice bitch because my voice is this disjointed monotone thing where with my friends i act way goofier and my voice ... more : daniel craig's james bond the breakfast club the truman show captain america the prestige , memento , inception , peter pan ( 2003 ) , midnight in paris , don jon , catch me if you can , warm bodies , iron man trilogy , shakespeare in love , paranorman . the ocean is a place to get lost in and possibly never come back from ... one of the best ever : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SK74JyNSv_M my typical answer is pretty good . a more honest is decent , but i'd rather not have them ask anything more so pretty good suffices better . i have an infj and enfj friend . based on the medals we got for gpa : 1 . infj 2 . infp ( me ) 3 . enfj either way , what kind of question is this ? of course infps can be smart as any type can be . i ... anyone who can explain isfp in great detail and not resort to stereotypes while possibly giving examples that show one really knows mj over just he was that artsy guy ? also anyone have any idea how ... 67 . meh . i have considered myself to be a covert narcissist before actually except i didn't word it like that . i guess it's something to work on especially since i feel like it's worse considering ... agreed ! i'm terrible at typing and sooo fickle so any conclusion could be changed after rereading any potential explanation typing so i was waiting for people who could provide different views ... polygamy is fine as long as all participants consent to it . i personally couldn't see myself being involved in a relationship to do with polygamy , but if others see it that way then it should be ... so calm , i hate it . don't know , really don't know ... never experienced drugs . have contemplated it before , but in the end all i see it as is hugging death and hoping death won't drag you with it after it's got a pull on you . in a way , after thinking ... i thought the shadow type was supposed to be the opposite cognitive function of the same letter ? so i'm fi-ne-si-te aka infp and my opposite would be fe-ni-se-ti aka enfj . that's what this website ... mood , atmosphere , emotion , feels ... all come to me based on the lyrics and the instrumental and the vocals . it's not about the genre , but how the music makes me feel . if i can feel emotional depth of ... jeggings - so comfortable and easy to wear . bravo . you really put anakin's actions into perspective . i personally love the idea of anakin's character , but i did not like the way it was executed . the fact that that extra line was left out makes ... turbo , all i can say is that snail is fast ! haha , lolz . not doing a top 5 for albums because it'd take too much time , but lolz at the irony that i have 5 fav artists and 5 fav bands . artists : michael jackson janelle monáe lana del rey lady gaga ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2DcZw4M-e4 te vs . ti are the two functions i don't really get . some of you guys stalked about getting stressed . when i'm stressed i tend to want straight answers and my ne totally turns off and i don't care ... i kind of hate fe and i like who i am and i feel i am who i am so no . moodymoongoon please . initial reaction : unspoken this again initial response : outside = pretty good / fine inside = a variation of i don't know how to convey everything i feel inside so i feel no point in going into ... '