' twice . then it chose god . this isn't what you're looking for , but bear with me : have you considered having a real deep trusting platonic friendship with a female first ? the sexual element is not necessary . being able to ... and by this we know that he abides in us , by the spirit whom he has given us . - 1 john 3:24 imo , the holy spirit is the greatest witness to the truth of jesus . b . toast , aha ! clarity has been restored . :) . toast , your judgment is a little pre-mature . i was responding to someone else's gnostic beliefs , and was being honest about what passed through my own mind as part of my own journey . shark , thanks for the clarification and i very much see your point of view , as the same questions passed through my mind on my spiritual journey - that is , is he worthy of our worship and ... you've presented a false dichotomy here . but i am not left with feelings of inferiority and self-loathing . quite the opposite , in fact . i have my spirit back . there are things i could not accomplish through sheer will of my own even , even ... i want to add that likely all theological positions that could be presented in this thread have probably already been explored at length and written and argued over for centuries . christianity has a ... it's hard to rationalize with the mind , especially in the context of knowing how religions have been used for ill deeds , however , experiencing renewed spirit through god / jesus / holy spirit makes it ... i saw that video too but i don't agree with your conclusions that covering up more extensively is the answer to not getting harassed . that's what some people * think * might work ... first off , the infj probably already has a sense of where they * think * things will be going ; though potentially not accurate . i was with an entp for 6 years , but where the relationship failed is ... you don't need to go back to school now before getting too old . you're still wayyy young . learning is a lifelong affair . you won't be closing the door on art . if you will rest easy taking a ... i don't have advice related to the marketing or graphic design field but i will say this : as you get older you will see that you can create your own opportunities instead of trying to be in the ... feed your spirit . valnadis ah gee , thanks ! i do admire cate blanchett's beauty honestly , and hope i am half as graceful as i mature . galadriel hallowe'en costume , perhaps ? 216210 recent me . seeing what a person means . a mind-gasm . in some cases , with respect to really serious ideas or if i've committed a moral or ethical faux-pas or some action that could jeopardize my future ... not gonna lie , having recently had a spiritual experience , the idea of giving my life to god completely crossed my mind . to be completely transformed in heart and mind and offer myself as an example ... i think with my heart . auto-brain meditation . possibly leads to irrational decisions . christian . recently re-connected . if an infj is acting mean , basically , they've got something going on inside them they might not even be aware of . their spirit isn't at ease . i'm speaking from experience . we are inherently spiritual ... i have a similar approach to life . my friend called it ' pragmatic ' . when it comes to this type of stuff , i put on my entp bullshit detector hat . of course , it's really flimsy compared to an entp . but i ask , would this pass an entp bullshit detector ? probably not . but ... i've always had faith things would turn out as they should , even if i didn't subscribe to a belief system or religion . now with maturity and perspective , i understand the real power of belief and ... yep , this started happening to me . when you're analyzing every situation from one framework , you cease to gather emotional input or exercise creative function . it's important to be able to access ... the first and last freedom by jiddu krishnamurti mature soul . not as old as i could be . reached end of my natural wisdom . would like to meet souls older than i who've got their shit together so we could have some real talks . had chronic pain and frequent illness for a good 3-4 years before i finally learned how to deal with it effectively . basically , it took lifestyle changes including : ayurveda / yoga / faith . now i ... i don't like competing at things i suck at . but i'm highly competitive otherwise in life more generally ... to a fault . like , if winning people over was a competition , i'd probably win . everybody's got a little love in them . some of them just haven't found it yet . ;) it's my job to unlock it . used to be in my head , and then it was a bit too much in the head and not intimate at all . then i had an experience of super awesome amazeballs sex with someone with real mental , physical and ... didn't say it would be easy . find some sources on letting go of your mind and centering in the present moment . read some eckhart tolle or j . krishnamurti . subvert your ego . open your heart . do things you don't consider you . befriend people you pre-judge as unfriendable . just admit you like being a dick . acceptance is the first step . haha . from my experience , some people come across way younger than i do . in fact , i've met another infj whom i was quite surprised at how new he seemed . notions of good vs . evil ; gets emotional very very ... you're beautiful , btw ( assuming that's you in your avatar ) . but i mostly wanted to comment on the above ^ . i went into a lounge / bar with some guys one night and looking around i saw a lot of very ... prettiness is an internal quality . i've fully embraced being pretty . if i want to maintain outward prettiness , i need to maintain inward prettiness . recently met a guy that i find super attractive and evidently it's reciprocated . i let be known my interest by remarking that i found one of the qualities he was displaying to be attractive . he ... i have outgrown my tendency to do it for better or worse . i have had to harden up a bit and develop more inner strength . i'm less phased by disharmony especially if i am discussing something i ... clean ! type 1 perfectionism 46 % type 2 helpfulness | | 54 % yeah i seem to recall this happening when i was younger . doesn't happen anymore , but i wouldn't be surprised if it would happen again in the right context . do exercise , yoga and practice ... to be clear , i generally don't capitalize god or refer to the state of love as being a he or that which is outside of oneself . it's a form of conceptualizing it that is self-limiting . the ... god is in your heart . it's a state of being . science can describe what occurs but can't bring you into that state . secondly , there are different types of people in the world and we all have our ... accidentally intensely in love + lust with the wrong person . it went unrequited for about a year and a half but throughout which there was constant physical and mental contact . was physically , ... most people are a little bit gay . some people are a lot gay . many people are sexually repressed anyway . yes and ... not to sound super lame but the search to fill the existential loneliness is what leads to spirituality . connect with the source and your heart will no longer ache . read stuff that ... self + love . ^ this . i don't like when this happens . it's like everything is on a never ending loop . that everything is so predictable . even myself . that's why i have changed my life philosophy and operate on a ... rape yacht guy . it's a long story . but basically i encountered a wealthy entp sx / so who offered me $ 400 for my umbrella and i said , no , i love my umbrella . and then i walked away from my future ... '