' so after reading the feedback and type descriptions and some good reflection , i think you're all pretty straight on . i'd say he's entj , the executive , but with his e and i quite close . the funny ... i agree . and when i mentioned emotionally available men , i wasn't just referring to istjs . i think people of all types , and both male and female , can be emotionally unavailable . it's just that the ... i can't . and i don't . it's fine . even if he did decide to leave his girlfriend and pursue me , i'm pretty sure it would end up a huge catastrophic disaster anyway . so it's probably better this way ... well i'm glad i could be something to him . ha . a downfall . that's a good one . i guess i'm everyone's downfall . i don't know if this has to do with type or if it's just me . stoic , why did you decide to give up ? do you think there's a possibility that she might like you back ? it seems like you are already friends and are already in a group of mutual friends . i always ... would this be before or after breaking up with the boyfriend ? i'm the same ! i never actually want to start a real relationship with someone i have a crush on . i just enjoy having the crush for the sake of the crush . and i've never dated someone i started out ... yeah sounds like pstd . and that's pretty traumatic to have witnessed that . : sad : yes , i'm a really horrible estimator of time . horrible . i never know how long anything will take me . ironically , in my work i know how to plan things absolutely perfectly and never run overtime . i ... someone has an axe to grind ? type-ist much ? if you don't really love infps enough to tolerate a virtual gathering of them sharing their feelings , then i guess you don't really love them . so don't say ... infps leave the drain plug like they found it . enfps like to pull it out just for fun , to see what happens . : shocked : : wink : do you love them back ? : tongue : hahahahaha ! this is great ! ! congrats on your success ! : laughing : i also can't have sex unless i'm with someone i love , know , trust , imagine a future with and really want to be with and have wanted ... hey , i'd like some help on this too , as an infp . i have noticed , however , over the years , that in the process of trying to get more organised , learning to accomplish mundane daily tasks like ... for some reason i didn't read this post until just now . so that explains the late reply ... agree . this is completely right . nobody's perfect . not even the people who claim they are . : tongue : ... now that i've bared my emotions and cried my eyes out in forum , i can respond to everything else . and laugh . :) hahahahahaha ! thanks mercer . this really made me laugh . : tongue : he seems to need things to be spelled out for him directly . is not sensitive to feelings and can't really read people . notices and appreciates a lot of sensory things about the world around him , but ... i went through this in high school . i became seriously paranoid-delusional and thought everyone was talking about me , laughing at me , etc . but i think this is a result of being put on antidepressants ... i'm an infp but i'm usually very direct and tell the person i like that i like them . that's probably because i get so agitated holding it all inside that i just have to let it out so i can stop ... i completely understand . it's exhausting to be processing the emotions of two people ... yeah . just as i suspected i guess . the funny thing is that this is exactly how this guy talks and writes ... now after writing that last post and thinking about how i can get myself to move on , i'm feeling kind of sad . and i realised that probably the only way i can actually get closure and move on is if i ... i know exactly what you mean . and even though i really don't know this guy very well at all ( there's only so much you can get to know of someone after a week ) , i feel like i can read him like a book ... i guess i always had the feeling that he'd be successful at whatever he did because when he decides to do something , he approaches it with discipline and purpose and works hard at it fairly ... and don't dwell too much on your track record . you've got a lot of good qualities and interests and seem like a genuinely nice guy . if you're worried about how you look , i can tell you that for most ... i can't really say if this works for other infp girls , but i know that personally , i get bored really easily if some guy just tries to ask me lots of questions about myself . i find it really tedious ... maybe he is an intj . that's funny bc i think my dad might be intj , and when i first met my friend , i remember thinking that he reminded me a lot of my dad . didn't know at the time that they might be ... it's not there . it's not one of those eternally long quizzes that gives you a verbal description at the end . it gives you a graphical representation of all of your functions based on how strong they ... hahahahaha . my sister is enfp and she just told me today that whatever guy she dated would have to be content not hearing from her for something like three days at a time , because she just has too ... i don't know if this is the case , especially since he keeps saying that his relationship is important to him , etc . etc . but since he doesn't seem to mentally process his emotions in real time , i ... i agree with elissa . this first part sounds pretty straight up infp to me . but i don't get so offended from criticism , i think . maybe i used to , but i developed a pretty thick skin over the years ... not that it matters , because it's more of a technicality at this point , but we didn't have sex . not that he didn't want to . i was the one who stopped it from happening . and there actually was quite a ... if you think she has the same interests or like the same kind of music , probably the best thing to do is to ask her about a band that you're pretty sure she likes . nothing complicated , just hey , you ... i remember a few years ago , i found a really great online career assessment that took your natural functions and compared them to the functions required for the career you have ( or any career you're ... i also just remembered that he seems quite impressed by status / achievement . and he used to do judo / jujitsu on an almost professional level , was even invited to train with his country's olympic team , ... i think a lot of it is learning the specific skills ( organisation , managing , delegating , planning , negotiating ) that you need for your specific job , and then getting good enough at those skills so ... yeah i just thought it was funny . but too ridiculous to take seriously in any way . : tongue : i'm having trouble figuring out the personality type of one of my friends , because a lot of his behaviours and interests seem fairly contradictory . he likes to have a set routine ( what and what ... hi seekjess , when you talk about layering , do you mean that you have friends whose roles overlap a bit in your life ? so do you think this guy is feeling out the possibility to overlap relationships ... i think i experience a bit of the same thing , except i'm in it for a few days / weeks at a time and then i need a few days / weeks to decompress and swim about in my own head for awhile in order to feel ... they're friends who know me in real life . but maybe they don't know me that well ( obviously ) . i mean , i guess people who know me primarily in a certain context could maybe see me this way , because ... a ridiculous article , for entertainment purposes only . other mbti types should not be offended . when my friend and i were looking up myers-briggs information , we ran across this page and laughed ... thanks ! that's what i came here for . i never thought or assumed that istj's are robots or anything but entirely human . in fact that's what i told him--that i know he holds himself up to these ... has any fellow infp been mistaken for an estj ? i just found out that two of my friends mbti typed me on a quiz as estj . seems a bit strange , since i feel like i'm clearly infp through and through . ... i can't say for sure that i know 100 % what his type is , but the reason i'd tend to say more istj than istp ( and he's definitely i and not e ) is that the descriptions of istp that i've read tend to ... i guess i just feel like people would judge me for getting involved w / a guy who is already in a relationship . and i seem to have it really strongly ingrained in me that even the other person ... so i'm asking this question in relation to a specific situation that i was ( unfortunately ) involved in . a friend of a friend was in town for a week recently . he seemed interested in me from the ... '