' i think one thing that is not made clear enough is that these are preferences and not abilities , and thus unique to you . for example i am better at playing the piano than playing the violin , but i ... i'm a huge fan of games with strong story lines and compelling characters . i used to treat games as mainly being a challenge , but recently i have found single player games more enjoyable if i take ... this is my favourite for the end of a session when i really just want to use up everything that i have left in a painful final seven minutes . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhr-CRcK3OM thanks hippo , those are great suggestions . i've avoided the social network because i'm really not a fan of those sorts of biopics but the idea of a modern period drama intrigues me ! pretty much , yes . the only clarification i'd make is that it is a combination of all of these things rather than any individual thing that shapes behaviour . pruning and reconnections are happening ... this started as a discussion between a friend and myself last weekend , and how alien was not really a science fiction film ( despite being on a spaceship ... in space ) but rather a horror / slasher ... i completely agree with you that just because you can do something doesn't mean you should , and i think you are right to weigh up the pros and cons of further education . quite often people are ... so even though you think that the mbti is no more accurate than to say which hand someone prefers to use , from this you have still concluded that going to college is not the right thing for your ... i think the sound quality of the recording doesn't do you any favours as it seems a bit grainy and your voice sounds like one where the richness of the tones is where much of the aesthetic will lie ... i consider large amounts of what you say to be just useless platitudes but i never thought of what you are saying as actually dangerous until now . the concept that you can absolutely know what mbti ... a negative outcome isn't the only possibility but you have to be prepared that you will lose the friendship . if you think this relationship could be a big thing and you want to put that chance as a ... you're not bi-polar , you're just sensitive . i'm not bothered at all about your example ( i think it was a very good one ) . but what you did here was to just dismiss the other person's opinion and say that you would not engage in debate because ... this is something you can't do . if you are stating your opinion then you have put it into the public discourse . after all your reply was based upon something someone else had said and you picked up ... if you are like me then the reason why you're feeling stressed is not so much that you are taking too much on or that your work doesn't align with your values ( very few people i think have that ... reactance – the urge to do the opposite of what someone wants you to do out of a need to resist a perceived attempt to constrain your freedom of choice reactance ( psychology ) - wikipedia , the free ... that's like saying that it is perfectly safe to play russian roulette because you have not yet pressed the trigger when the bullet has been in the chamber . what an entirely selfish view of the world you have . i'm not saying that all laws are good - even street laws - but to actively disregard them because you feel that you know better is egotistical and ... i think that sub-forums within the infp area would generally be a bad idea , because every level of depth tends to have less footfall . this means that people won't be searching through every sub-forum ... i completely understand - i did the same thing . spirited away is my favourite , but i have a special nostalgia for castle in the sky due to it being the only one of their films that i watched as a child . it was trying to remember what the film was ... i like my name because it is quite normal so it doesn't draw any attention . i do wish there was a culture that children are given just a first nameby their parents and then you got to pick your own ... which games are you talking about ? ( easier to ask than presume ! ) after quitting eve for good ( 4th attempt .. yeah we'll see ) i'm bumbling around in dfo until archeage comes out . always on the lookout ... ^ this . if i were him then this is how it would be : he is feeling tortured . he has feelings for you and wants to be with you but whenever that is satiated ( by having the call ) he then realises ... i feel disconnected . it's like the edges of my vision are out of focus and hazy . i look at people , constructs , institutions and culture and i do not feel a part of it . i see the systems and the rules ... totally agree :) i decided i wanted to go into medicine when i was about 11 , and from that point all my education choices were focused around that goal . everything went really well , good grades , got accepted to a ... i guess i didn't choose my career right first time , but then i'm not even sure i have this one picked right . i really really like my job , but i never intended it as a career , it just happened that ... this probably isn't what you want to hear but i think you should try and move on . it will hurt like hell but frommy experience trying to drag it out will be worse in the long run . i know i don't have ... are you sure this is true ? my opinion of pul fiction is the same as almost all tarantino movies : he is clearly an extremely talented director , and his cinematography is just about the best in the world , but the stories tend to ... the irony of him playing a persona that clearly doesn't care what people think of him in order to liberate people yet in doing so alienating his acceptability which results in people not being able ... oh , is that so ? a question for all the people that said that they wouldn't join - what if instead of it being the situation today that you were back in the early 1940 ' s ? would you sign up to join ww2 ? i'm asking ... just as a note to people who don't agree with the concept of less regulation of the financial system ; this is something that has been largely misunderstood , and even the ron paul campaign is ... i think my dad is an enfp and my mum is a bitch . on the positive side chances are your ra won't be coming into your room anymore ! this . i naturally look at people's mouths rather than their eyes . i don't know why i do this , but it means that it is really only ex's of mine that i have looked at in their eyes with any ... intelligence is defined as the ability to overcome problems in the face of adversity . of course the problem is ( pun intended ) that there are lots of different types of problems . factor in creativity ... not all infps are going to be exactly the same because you can't fit everyone into just 16 boxes , but those are some of the common ones . overwhelmed by emotion doesn't mean you are emotionally ... i have a high t , and if i test in a work or study rather than a home environment i'll often come out intp . i also have pretty high s and j as well . some people might say i'm balanced , but rather i ... i have a katana and a tanto . neither are sharpened - just for display , but even an unsharp katana is a pretty lethal thing to have . i took up kendo for a while but stopped when i moved as there was ... exactly this . yeah who wouldn't want there to be a magical sky daddy that loved everyone and answered your wishes and prevented suffering and let you live forever in paradise ? i am , but not in a sexual way ever in public , or generally most of the time . so i'd touch her arm or back in an affectionate but not sexual way . i used to go out with a girl who made me realise ... wow - i feel heartbroken just reading your story . she seemed like an amazing person until i read her letter than she sent you that initiated the phone call . she came across as extremely selfish ... the good news is that the success of the speech will come down more to how you deliver it than the content of the words . the bad news is that the success of the speech will come downmore to how you ... i'd support anyone pushing for a uk constitution . the closest we have is the bill of rights , which isn't a bad start considering the age of it , but yes i'd start from scratch . that's not to say that ... sadly there isn't really . reminds me of the ratm lyric the structure is set you'll never change it with a ballot poll . we get to decide between a handful of candidates every 4 or 5 years , who are ... in your life many people will try to judge you objectively and give this feedback to you . these opinions are always subjective . don't let these people try to change who you are to be more like them ... '