' i don't mean like its a front or anything . it's just apart of me i guess . i am really confident in my personality . i don't just act like prideful . i mean to say i picked it up along the way and ... thanks for having the courage to post this . you have opened my eyes just a little more , given me an increased perspective . thank you . :) i feel insecure when someone gets too close to me . i keep people at arms length , and have so many walls protecting me i am used to being alone . sarcasm and pride are how i protect myself , but they ... i have faced this very same dilemma with myself many times . the war that always raged within me , that was a fight between feelings and logic . i often asked my self how was i to decide between what i ... nope , silly me asking the obvious . wait is the site still broken or is my iphone just being dumb ? why rant ? i gave that up long ago , because if you look at the bigger picture it will be much more clear . there will always be the rich and the poor . wars will always happen . violence and hate ... so do i bud , so do i .. i definitely don't like pain , haha it sucks . but when i see a video of someone in pain i feel even worse . so i guess if it had to be one or the other , i see myself probably as a masochist .. how can ... really ? thank you ! i thought it was a bit too dark but i'm new at this lol . it tastes so bitter , yet oh so sweet . this faceless foe , who never sleeps . throughout your day , and again at night . it haunts your heart , and wont let you cry . proud you may be , but this sin ... lol , my roommate is the same way ! hmm , i really don't like being rushed for stuff , but i remember in school if i was rushed for an assignment i would just write a lot of irrelevant stuff to make it look like i did a lot of work , when ... i think i only have one ... when people breathe on me . don't do it , ever . it makes my tongue forked and turns playful sarcasm to don't you dare ever do that again sarcasm if you know what i mean .  ... i'm afraid humanity is doomed . but on a lighter note , spiders and being vulnerable . plus the occasional moth ... yeah 6 ' 3 and jumps at the sights of a flying insect , that's me . so yeah just wanting ... vocaroo | voice message the truth about the truth ? stray_arrow ntuitive yeah dirtysmilez is back ! vocaroo | voice message angryyy lol your voice is so soothing and calm ! idk why but i am trying to imagine how you would sound angry ... lol yeah i'm weird like that . haha totally it's not time to be serious ! my laugh isn't weird , it's unique ! plus i listened to mine and like the audio was horrible i could hear my a / c in the backround lol . but now you gotta ... vocaroo | voice message haha here's me ! honestly , i would still pick me because i am just awesome . it would hurt my pride greatly if i even considered being someone else lol . wait wait ! hold the lemon , i would be batman ! not bruce ... yes , lol i have found it counter-productive to stay inside my shell when interacting with people . a long time ago i learned how to talk and communicate with different types of people . sometimes i ... yes , it was perfect ! now i understand a small piece of stray_arrow . and you gave me like a dozen new questions to ask haha ! but , i shall settle for just one . how long have you been searching for ... yeah haha , i had to read it like twice , and then was like , yup , i just got called a girl .. so i had to correct it to maintain my oh so important masculinity . the question is intended to be open , ... there's nothing wrong with putting up a few walls man . it's good to protect youself , and save that part of you no one understands for that one person who will go down deep enough to understand you . ... i say this to myself when i feel as you do . who you think you are and who you actually are should be the same , if they aren't then you are either hiding or acting and both will pull and tug ... yeah , i have such a hard time falling asleep . i have to be in complete darkness with some kind of music and be really cold ( like with the a / c on ) . most of the time i will head to my room at like 9pm ... eh , sometimes . sometimes i wish i could just be bad for a day . that probably sounds pretty awful , but like seriously i never get in trouble or anything like that . my goddamn conscience is like so ... after i finish up at the college i'm planning on joining the marines too . like late next year , but i will probably have to check and see when the recruitment dates are . why did you choose the ... i'm working as security guard on campus at my college while i get my associates haha . i basically walk around for a few hours trying to look tougher than i am , creating scenarios inside my head of ... hmm , so does that mean you do not make it a point to stand out from the crowd , but instead have found a satisfactory answer to how similar we truly are ? also , aside from the maybes do you ... i stare at people and like to make them feel uncomfortable lol . some people need to lighten up , taking themselves too seriously . or is it just me not taking myself as serious ? i wonder . i ... woah there broski , hit and miss . it's alexander with an x and y chromosome ! but yeah lol it's agood name for a spur of the moment kinda thing . mine is an inside joke kinda thing , a joke at the ... lol well was i like way off ? ? or close ? or nowhere near haha ? stray_arrow yo ! my name is alexand-uh . it's a pleasure to meet you . cool username btw ! 23 ? just came into my haed lol . how awesome would it be if i guessed right haha ? dude , your avatar is boss . lol geeze that must have been hard to re-live , but i am glad you had the courage to share . do you think that experience has had a noticeable effect on your life ? you know like did it change how you see ... wow , that's so intense . i don't think i have ever had to deal with the death of someone i knew , i mean im only 19 , but i haven't experienced the loss of life so i can't even fathom what it feels ... one time at school , i accidently told a friends secret . it ate at me even though my buddy had already forgiven me . mistakes like that ? im glad to share haha . now to answer some of your questions , i don't think the gun would have fired . im pretty sure he just put them in there for show to convince us that it really was loaded , and ... i forgave my dad eventually . it took me like 10 years but i forgave him . im sure people have had worse experiences than mine , but some just find it too hard to bring into the light so they go on ... ive got drunk like twice . i got drunk the first time because it was posted on my roommates fridge that some dude had a record of 17 shots , and i felt i could beat it . against all my friends warning i ... have you ever had an experience so bad that it stuck with you all your life ? a situation that left its mark on your memory ? something bad that happened to you , that makes you appreciate the good in ... i see . but is having a negative perception wrong ? because as of right now i don't think it is . exactly , only i am starting to express my thoughts more . sometimes i just say things because i think they need to be said , damn the consequences . im glad you shared ! it feels better to know i'm not ... what does that mean ? and im only 19 . i think i am becoming cynical . i've always been optimistic and sarcastic ( only jokingly ) but lately i've been getting angry more and more over things that i can normally tolerate . people seem to bug ... damn that felt good ! why are you people such idiots ? asking stupid questions that you have the capacity to answer yourself ! there is a process where you ponder on what you're are curious about , then at least try out a ... '