' the one your mother warned you about ! ha ! but extroverts do need a lot of social interaction . why are you so upset about the comic ? how to interact with the introverted ... - the meta picture kind of a hard choice for being idealists , right ? i am middle of the road . as far as left wing socialism type no way . as for right winger types i cant go there either . this is a mixed country and ... i do not see infps as being the jealous of other peoples lives types . other peoples lives seem to either be too mediocre , or too superficial . how many other people around you have a vision of ... number one and proven through time way ? have money . its not what all women look for , but the sad reality is money has the highest percentage of attraction factor . my guess , probably 75 % . are there ... think of the infp as a computer processor . you are processing things in your mind as a super chip , while many others do not process as fast . you are the ps4 , they are the ps3 , or maybe ps2 . there are plenty of fish in the seas . just look at it as a bad fishing trip . i know it is just one song , but under the bridge by the red hot chili peppers is definitely an infp song . ew no . i personally think hipsters are more extroverted . they seem to always want to go out someplace all the time in their groups . this video will help some on this thread identify them .   ... how are healers identified ? when researching infp , i always see the healer term and it is talked about . however , i never see how they know if someone is an infp healer or not . does anyone know more ... infps are devoutly loyal to home , family , and friends ... there is a saying that says do not mistake my kindness for weakness . my opinion , but i think it is because infps are so in tune with the world . there is so much pain , suffering , and wrong doing on so many levels . the infp senses this , and feels for others . this is why ... exactly , our style does not want us to always be in some kind of leadership position . we just find ourselves in the positions naturally and want to see others get credit for their hard efforts who we ... of course infps can be leaders . their leadership style is very subtle and humble . the gift we have to bring to the leadership arena is identifying the best people for the job . bringing talent ... i would be very interested in knowing if there are any well known ones out there . the lists of movies they made and their style . i do the same thing , all the time . usually i just start brainstorming ideas if i read something that sparks a random idea . i always have a notepad and pen next to my bed when i read at night . i have a hard time following intp arguments for some reason . its all over the place . oh yes , big time . i dont know if it tells you much more than you know already , but strengths finder is a pretty neat tool to pair up with mb type . over at a friends house with his dogs . 86370 i dated an extrovert a while back for about a month and a half , maybe two months . everything was great and firecracker-y and then it just collapsed one day when we realized how different we were . ... good work ! i have always wondered this , and maybe there was a thread previous about it but i do not see anything recent . are there any studies on dating based on your meyers briggs ? have you ever thought about changing your occupation to third wheel ? i know i have . my unpopular opinion ? holding this administration accountable . do it if you feel it is a passion , or could be come one . a date with a woman who could actually hold an engaging and invigorating discussion . hi volant i have an executive coach that tells me my biggest problem i need to tackle is that i unload too many ideas / subjects / thoughts into one conversation or meeting . he is right . some of us just want to ... i like to put myself out there on random small scales . like striking up random conversations with someone at a dog park , the counter person at a coffee joint , and other various venues . my problem is ... geography was my most favorite . too bad they did not teach geology in high school . most of the curriculum in high school and in undergraduate studies just seemed too mediocre to me . business related ... was never ever good at math . always just got by with the most minimal of effort in school . math never appealed to me because i never saw a need for mastering that knowledge . this in no way means ... stumbled across this website on accident while doing a search for mb . this site is exactly what i have been looking for to connect with other like minded individuals always seeking knowledge .   ... '