' i've been wondering if some cities are better for infjs or if we can have our needs met regardless . i currently live in chicago and i've thought of moving to denver . the energy here is similar to new ... how can i tell an entj and estj apart ? he is very honest and blunt about everything . he only seems to initiate conversation when he's drunk but when i initiate he will immediately reply . he works from home and says he works wayyy too ... i'm usually so good at typing people but i am for once really stumped on this one guy's type . can someone help me figure this out ? here's his profile : gay , 35 , works in recruiting and studied ... i have so many ... angelina jolie , buddha , jesus , oprah , shirley manson , alanis morrisette , madonna ( for her courage and self expression ) i love that movie so much . how can you tell if a guy is an esfp or enfp ? this guy i met has signs of s and n . he'll say things like i don't wanna talk about deep stuff , i just wanna know what you ate for dinner ! but then ... bright as the sun i can see the most beautiful dreams dreams i dreamt purity of mind , purity of soul the most beauty i've ever seen i've encountered loss , so much change i must hold on to you ... i'm posting here because i'm feeling a little desperate ... i'd appreciate any advice . in a nutshell i've been living in chicago for 3 years after moving from miami . my sister and mother relocated ... how do you infjs cope with life transitions ? i'm a place right now where i lost my job , my friends , i'm kind of having to start from scratch . and i don't know if i'll end up continuing to live ... life has become a joke traveling through , day by day isolation , searching for love searching endlessly finding none screens separating us , walls separating us egotistical narcissism apathy ... well i recently met a young enfp . and i'll say he was very experimental and because of it got himself in lots of trouble / bad situations . he needs to get his head on straight . but that was just one i ... i'm an infj that wishes i could meet an entp to date . if only dating sites had a section to put your mbti type ( they have one for horoscope ) . so i'm trying to figure out what are some signs i ... i texted him i feel like you're not really looking for a relationship and that's totally fine .. i'll just let you go then ... at least i can move on now . i'm not sure why he wanted me so bad and ... yep ! ! ! my whole life . thanks for your reply ! :) the thing is he wants to be the dominant partner but he's 4 years younger then me and more immature so i end up being the more dominant one trying to control my urge to ... so i've found that enfp's are just like ... the peanut butter to my jelly . like if we meet each other we both grow wings and can fly away together ... so i'm trying to get some dating advice for how to ... maybe it's because i currently live in a big city but it really feels like life does not stop changing . it's like i meet lots of people and have all kinds of experiences and they all come and go ... sometimes i really just say what the fucking fuck am i doing with my life ? ? ! ! ! like seriously do i want to just get on a fucking hookup app and just drink and fuck and drink and fuck and what a waste ... last year i felt like i was really living life . i was meeting new people left and right , i was focusing on putting out positive energy to the universe , i was dreaming up fantasies and then ... dreams as in idealistic visions of what i want my life to look like . kind of like the premise behind the law of attraction . i manifest things i dream up in my head as idealistic visions only to ... yes thanks so much for your insight . i do feel like i dream things up , believe in them , act , and then all of the sudden i get the things i want . but then unfortunately the satisfaction is short lived ... so lately i've gotten a bit down in a rut over my manifestations not working out . i used to be able to manifest things by dreaming about them and then i'd get a version of what i was dreaming about ... the truth will set you free . at first it might get met with resistance but eventually people will come around . in the meantime don't be ashamed of anything you are :) i know you're straight but you are so kind to me . and you're my ideal type in looks and personality . you were born 2 days after me and we're both artists . your girlfriend's name is alexis and mine is ... i don't know if other infj's can relate to this . but i find myself often getting influenced by people or characters . it's like i'll feel an affinity to one and then it kind of just gets into my ... ohhh i know this feeling all too well ... * super hug * you acted like you loved me , then you ignored me . and when i got upset i apologized . but you still ignored me . so i pleaded . i never even liked you that much when we first started talking but you ... anyone have any advice on how to get untangled when you have so many thoughts swirling around your mind ? i'm having songs stuck in my head that put me in the past , while thinking about future ... can i change mine to coopv ? i found out a family member figured out my username and has been stalking me on the web ... my degree and multiple internships just got me in a crappy retail job . i've since worked my way up a bit but it's still a position that doesn't require a degree . and yet my father wants me to get ... here we go again . you give me smiles , you build me up , you give me hope . you act like a beautiful angel . and then you just vanish . the more i try to find out where you went the more all i hear is the ... for just once in my life i want to feel and hold onto a love i absolutely adore . i will never understand why it's so difficult to obtain . i don't want to complain . but i'm just in a bit of a rut ... maybe a quarter life rut ... anyways i hope what i desire will finally come my way so i can move into a more positive place . i mean i'm ok ... i'm just looking for an outsider perspective on something that's been on my mind for awhile ... so i moved to chicago a little over a year ago since i have a sister here . we have a wonderful ... so i've really realized that i feel like my calling in life is to bring people together in a positive way . does anyone have any career ideas that would involve this ? what i mean by bringing ... time is moving by so fast . i'm 25 now and looking back . looking back and how beautiful life has been whether it be ups or downs . and i know it all just moves on and you can't go back to the past . i ... thanks for this . i do seem to always befriend what seems to be esfps . i find they pull me out of my cave so to speak lol . i have definitely been neglecting my se more so than in the past . it seems ... this worked like a charm ! somehow going out drinking , dancing , and enjoying feeling the present completely gets rid of my over analyzing everything . and i'm realizing that intuition and analyzing ... do any other infjs feel like their intuition goes haywire often ? i'm trying to figure out how i can make my intuition healthy so that it can actually guide me and solve problems as opposed to turning ... me : infj father : intj mother : isfj sister : i have no clue i seem to only meet intjs on online dating sites . so here i am again trying to understand this friggin intj . at the beginning of the date he was talkative and relaxed . once i started showing ... i always stare people in the eye and expect the same . strangers usually look away . sometime i might look away if a stranger locks eyes for too long . i'm not sure how i feel about it . i think it's ... i remember reading a post from an estp here talking about how her teacher was an infj and she could just sense it and she just knew he was her opposite and she felt like he was schooling her or ... seeing old videos of her she seemed like she really wanted to be an estp . but i think that was because she was so immersed in her character lisa from girl interrupted . i'm not sure i see her as ... why do people suck so much ? ! every friend i make in this town just flakes out on me . i have to effing go everywhere by myself by myself by myself . i swear i was destined to be by myself . i'm ... i still say infj . she's dark , introverted , serious , very emotional , humanitarian . when she was unhealthy early in life she was the infj shadow ( estp ) plus i've read there's a type of infj that's an ... word and that pretty much answers what i was gonna write but doesnt make the answer any nicer ... noone can have everything and i suppose the universe hasnt quite given me luck in the love ... http://youtu.be/ihic3AqopZk i'm in love with enfps and i think theyre supposed to be the best match for infjs . so what would be a good place to find gay enfps ? or how can i spot them ? this probably sounds silly but i figure id ... '