' i generally get along with infps pretty well . there's one who i don't know as well and she often acts cold around me while she's bubbly around her friends .. however , i can overlook that . especially ... wanted traits 1 . intelligent 2 . loves deep conversations 3 . independent , yet still enjoys spending time with me 4 . respectful and open minded 5 . passionate turn off traits 1 . arrogant and ... ideal quiet day : - sleeping in - reading - going for a walk - watching a movie - playing guitar - painting my nails ideal active day : - hanging out with my closest friend or small ... well those are the types i've felt an instant connection with anyway .. that's so rare for me . i also think nfs in general would get along really well ( especially if they have similar values ) . my favourite people happen to be and enfp and infp i've read many articles saying that infjs live as an enfp in their inner world . maybe because they're everything we want to be ! ! infjs have extroverted feeling as their auxiliary function ... people who don't know me well either think of me as : - mature , quiet , laid back , older than i am or .. - serious , quiet , cold , younger than i am ( i have a baby face ) people who know me well ... many people actually think of me as a laid back and an even tempered person ... but i feel far from that internally ! : laughing : i feel like an emotional wreck most of the time . however , i think i have ... as a kid , i had always believed in god . i might not necessarily had that relationship with him that identifies you as a christian , but i was definitely intrigued by the idea of a god . i spent my ... in my opinion , i believe self-acceptance is so important . not self love as much . i believe self love is important ... but i agree it can turn narcissistic . people can love themselves so much to a ... no its never that simple . i think its worth thinking about though as we can discover some pretty amazing things . i dont agree with religion . but i do believe in god . my definition of religion is a ... i don't take this the wrong way . but it actually sounds like you're mad at god . i honestly believe that god can use human beings to help us . i believe that god works in the natural just as much as ... these two people i know are definitely intjs . many people in my church find the mbti fascinating as well . one told me he's an intj ( however , i guessed that well before he told me ... he has intj ... i know two intjs who are very active members in my church . they don't take everything at face value . i love it ! they think about what they believe in , how relevant / accurate everything is , etc and are ... infp , enfp , intj , enfj , entj . also , it depends on the infjs life style and personal preference for a roommate . personally , i would prefer an introvert as during the day i teach children ... i'm ... i don't see why not . often people on the spectrum are can either be distant or overly affectionate , or both at once ( depending who they're around ) . i've been pondering lately that my isfj friend is ... hello estjs ! i'm an infj about to embark on a pre-service teaching experience . my mentor is an estj . often my mentors have been estx and i have found it extremely difficult to connect and be on ... i'm personally leaning more towards typing you as an intj . just be wary of the stereo types that people mention , such as infps and isfps being more creative . being shy is not an introvert thing , even ... i would imagine that ins would all have the most vivid imagination of all the types . intsnwpuld certainly be different to infs . i would like to hear more about the inner world of the infp ! i know for ... hi , i would like to change my name to dezbom 101 thanks for sharing ! i have done the one you've shared and it's fantastic ! the only thing is is that it doesn't have the 9th intelligence ( existential ) . i'll add that my fourth intelligence is ... hi all ! ! ! i have become so fascinated by gardner's mutiple intelligence theory . predominantly because i love the fact that we are all so unique and diverse , and we are all intelligent in ... psychomotor the primary sign of this intensity is a surplus of energy . ( ) rapid speech ( x ) impulsive behavior ( ) competitiveness ( ) compulsive talking ( ) compulsive organizing ( x ) ... other time was being frozen and crushed into the bed . in some ways that was less scary because i just figured it was an evil force . finally , after 2-3 minutes and getting nowhere , i asked for help ... thanks for this info . he has tried to make a move on my by starting up conversation , but that's as far as it ever goes . it frustrates me knowing he likes me and wondering why he still hasn't asked me ... when you say run from the butterflies , do you mean not to make a move on him ? could you elaborate on this , if you don't mind ? perhaps those feelings are associate with your experiences and his drinking ? i'm not expert , but that's how i've justified my feelings with my parents ' drinking , i get that ... i often even notice it afterwards . sometimes i can even take me a while to make the connection and other times i notice it in the moment . i remember my dream predicted that a friend was ... have you had negative experiences with him drinking in the past ? my parents are heavy drinkers as well . whenever they drink , i feel extremely well . i think you could be absorbing his emotions as ... oh ... i was also going to ask , does the empath stuff still happen if you're not near them ? i felt the feeling briefly on sunday night when he walked past me and hardly looked at me ... which hurt ... thank you everyone for your responses ! i really appreciate them . i'm new to the personality page and its so great to hear from like minded people as well as people offering differing opinions . i'm ... thanks for your reply ! it is good to know it is just as difficult for extroverts . i'm just worried the words wont come out .. lol thank you so much for the tips ! i will definitely take them on . but i might wait for a professional opinion for me on the over the counter medicine . but that's so good to know it has been of great ... thank you for this :) thank you so much for your response ! i have read some about the empathic part of the infj ... but i hadn't stop to consider it in this situation . it makes sense . this has been the closest thing i have ... thank you so much for your response ! i have read some about the empathic part of the infj ... but i hadn't stop to consider it in this situation . it makes sense . this has been the closest thing i have ... hello fellow infjs , i am still someone new to this forum , so apologies if this topic has been covered already ... i am considering asking out this guy , but i feel the butterflies in my stomach ... that's awesome ! so good to hear ! maybe agreed or valued your ideas and that gave you confirmation they are worthwhile ? i've experienced the same feeling that changed my life . it might sound a bit ... just a thought : i find it ' interesting ' how we infjs values authenticity and uniqueness , and yet we can lose ourselves when interacting with others . perhaps it has something to do with us putting ... haha i've often wondered if i have ocd . i've even taken online tests to see . it's not overtaking my life or anything , so i don't think i need to be properly diagnosed or anything . it's just a quark ... on the most part , i think the purpose of social media is quite good ; however , people have turned it into a popularity contest . i love facebook for communicating with people for both social and study ... jack johnson 👌 🏼 although that being said , there is a difference between being sociable and being extraverted . extraverted can be shy too just as introverts can be sociable . yeah infjs and isfjs are pretty sociable introverts as they have extraverted feeling . dad : istj mum : enfj brother 1 : ixfp brother 2 : entj close friends : istj , estj , isfj , isfp , esfj 1 . would you want to live forever ? why / why not ? i would not want to live forever considering the world is getting more destructive every day . however , i do believe in heaven ; therefore , i do believe ... 1 . would you want to live forever ? why / why not ? i would not want to live forever considering the world is getting more destructive every day . however , i do believe in heaven ; therefore , i do believe ... i love this ! we don't have to have everything figured out or to even know what to pray for . i believe god wants us to cry out to him even if there are no words . he knows are worries more than we can ... i think if of coarse varies from estp to estp . in my experience , i currently work for an estp and my mentor for my teaching prac was an estp , i have been particularly annoyed at them asking my to do ... it might be different from person to person , but in my experience it can be difficult to start in the early stages . this istj and i have been interested in each other for a few years now and ... '