being rejected by racists always feels good . if that reference was more esoteric than i thought then i apologize . during the berkley riots trump supporters were attacked in the above described ... i think your experience may have been well outside the norm . this is actually the first time i've ever heard of propensity for whoring being associated with television viewing . though i would ... sounds like a good excuse to pepper spray a woman in the face or beat some people with metal poles if i ever heard one ! i know because it's actually not possible to justify impudent attacks on entire demographics of people based on hateful and ignorant generalizations . no excuse for casual racism .  ... if you actually think me existing is causing you problems then i don't feel obliged to take your opinions seriously . ps . what you wrote above is ignorant and basically racist . pps . it's the ... i think it depends on your personality . i would never keep up with two planners like that myself and past attempts at organizing my daily life with to do lists have failed incredibly . maybe tell us ... i was listening to elliott smith too as i stumbled onto this thread .. ! different album , but why post a new song when we can just all become a little closer through a quote ? this is one of my ... sounds like he's respecting what you said earlier and you might just confuse him with these kinds of hints and signs . might just come off as confusing since he already came out and asked you and as ... please try it . you all sound great for each other and if it doesn't work out you can probably still be friends so no loss there and mistakes are good for you anyway ( for your soul i mean ) and ... i have had occasional recurring nightmares my whole life where i kill people and then spend the rest of the dream dreading the fact that i'm certainly about to spend my life in prison and everyone i ... hm .. how about this one ? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsQ977u8Wuk&spfreload=10 this is basically what i wanted to say . i think this music is a reflection of society as much as it is a contributing influence in that society . these attitudes are reflected also in most other ... out of the ones i've seen that were mentioned i like these very much . also other spike jonze movies like being john malkovich and adaptation and other coppola like apocalypse now . do post back with ... yes i love the neil young style stuff . that cover of silly love songs is one of my favorite things ever . i really like long instrumentals though , but it's a plus that he's so good at them . and yeah , ... totally ! that's definitely one of my favorites by them . every song on that album is great though . there's a certain atmosphere on that record that really sets it apart from the other rhp albums . the ... stunning album . just to think about that instrumental crescendo at the end of moments sends chills down my back . and then drop .. the one i've been in awe of lately is astral weeks by van ... great explanation here : bob dylan : isfp or infp ? | celebritytypes i liked very much sophia coppola's lost in translation . even if you're not crazy about romance bill murray is wonderful enough in this to make it worthwhile any way . scarlett johansson is great too ... yeah often people don't live up to my expectations and i can even be irritated by the flaws of long time friends , though i think my mood and the situation matters . i think it's really just a problem ... well for one they might just enjoy playing music in itself and not only as a means to impress other people . also talent doesn't always become apparent for some time . some one who's been playing an ... i don't know if you ever got an answer on this , but different guitars do vary widely in how easy or difficult they are to play . unfortunately i don't know much on this but electric guitars are on ... there are certainly many things that factor into this . on the one hand there are things you can't change – you may have a natural disposition to different styles and patterns of working than the ... sorry . i'm retired from typing . i was never any good at it and i don't know what type you are . i don't even know what type i am .. but yeah , disregard whatever i said in the past . that was [ cue ... oh i though of a couple i know that haven't been mentioned . rosemary's baby from roman polanski and videodrome from david cronenberg ( he did that remake of the fly with jeff goldblum as ... the movie cure directed by kiyoshi kurosawa . fits right in with that wave of thrillers like seven and silence of the lambs but much more endearing in my opinion . trust me , watch the first minute and ... i also eventually got really in to cheating in that game for a while , at least just for the fun of testing the limits of what was possible . i had it on xbox so i couldnt do console stuff but , though ... the ones by the red house painters http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrT0OZsdFfU http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMbAPx_m6Mo 1.louie 2.dexter ' s laboratory lucky louie seinfeld portlandia malcolm in the middle the simpsons i always made a custom class that favored combat and stealth in that order . never really cared for magic . i think it's really awesome that you did morrowind classes rather than oblivion or skyrim ... hm .. things i've been enjoying lately .. neil young's tonight's the night and on the beach – i've loved young's music at least since i was 13ish but for a long time i only knew his very early ... cephalonimbus really enjoying the first kayo dot song you posted . i agree about let my children hear musicx 96 it's impeccable . but that's the only mingus i'm familiar with from after ' 64ish ... maybe see if these help : descriptions of the enneagram types i remember my first pokemon card i remember my brother's endless smile as he handed it to me through the fence separating the big playground and mine excitement that knew no worry . it lasted ... i like to think that a good rule of thumb is that , when thinking about a dream , if you notice a coincidence corresponding between the dream and something going on in your life that surprises you with ... i'm sure you'll figure it out soon enough . i'd vote infp though . though it's always dangerous to characterize types of people with broad generalizations , isfps aren't as tied to the past as infps and ... well i guess i should go ahead and explain my reasoning . i've always ( since getting into this stuff ) been able to relate to infps and intps in many ways but generally assumed the ... i'd be grateful to see your reasoning on this and then maybe if i could indulge in a little q and a . if i am going to settle on intp then i'd like to clear up my doubt , as well as maybe learn a thing ... then she was gone i was alone and turned up to see , in some form or other , god , the blame , me ___and the holes that were placed ___in that ... hey yeah so , despite the fact i've been a registered intp here for well over a year , i recently realized ( after taking a lengthy break from thinking about this stuff ) that i may have been quite ... have you ever seen the movie ' a tale of two sisters ' ? this dream reminded me of it in strange ways .. idk , i could just be crazy though . i'd elaborate but i would have to spoil the movie and i don't ... glad i could help ! neat ! sounds like there could be some interesting stuff there but i have no idea where to go with it .. excited to read more though ! might as well post one i had the other ... ni-se ; definitely not an ne dom . i'm also pretty sure i see fe-ti so i want to say to say infj . a few things you say make me unsure though .. i'm curious about your pros and cons lists .. care to ... isfp ? i don't think so . too much of a dreamer ; too much focus on possibilities . ne-si seems very clear to mex 96 the conflict between a desire for unlimited novel experience and a more sensitive ( less ... acerbusvenator i was thinking 7b , 10 , 11 and 13 show a sensitivity to judgements of competence about herself and maybe about others that initially struck me as te but after reading the 2nd survey ... i see inferior te here so i'm thinking ixfp and probably se so isfp . my post became a failure i'll try again later . formatting ruined my real poem when i posted : well all of the sociopathic traits you described aren't really useful for determining type and if anything will obscure what type they actually are . there's very little to go on here but seeing as ... √ √ √ yeah , i sometimes avoid mentioning it just for fear of that happening ( still can't figure out why i'm lonely ) . for some reason this just seems really easy to do .. then there are the times when you ... no need to apologize ! but yeah , it sounds like writing them down would help . sometimes just the attention that you have to devote to your dreams if you write them down will help a lot to cement them ...