' cars . just kidding :P i think for me , it's making a change , or several , which is something i would really like to do . well , i'm a hebrew native speaker , and i'm hoping my username will be changed the makeup soon , and the hebrew word for makeup is איפור ( pronounced ipur ) ! god , i hate my birth name . i await the day i can legally change it to kit , that'll be a day of joy and bliss . one time , i heard one girl ask another does flour give you pimples ? - _ - hey , could i please have my username changed to makeup ( without any caps ) ? thank you ! i took jealousy to a whole other level it became the cain who hated abel all because my sacrifices were too low the rejection was too much of a blow now i'm wandering through these woods ... 679194 this is one of my original characters , aviv cohen ! : o guns and spread out static i aim it right at my neck soundless bullets shoot , my head decapitates and my hands hold it like it's a trophy soon i will show it to the world around me that i ... oh my gosh , i haven't been here a while , thank you so much ! nope . i'm bi , though . [ wipes away tear ] it's my moment to shine . i'll leave a link to my writing deviantart account here . ( link ) you can't be an enfp if you don't have a weakness for cute things . i mean , that sounds fun , but i'm taken by an istj . i mean , yeah , i'm polyamorous , but i'm not really the kind of person to flirt with strangers just like that : v i always love myself a nice bowl of soup . it's not odd at all . i like water , cola , ginger ale ( though i don't drink cola or ginger ale much these days ) , and soda water . i generally love carbonated drinks . oh , and i love sparkling grape juice . hi god , ask me anything , i'm kit . aww , that's so sweet ! : > i'd love to have a good steak right now . oh , and i'd love to visit the tower of david . you electrified me / / i swear i felt those jolts well your wires touched me / / discerned my nuts and bolts on an electric chair / / you shocked me to no end and hacked into my mind / / so you could ... it could help you assess your strengths and weaknesses and what to work on , and the likes . i'm a 7w6 , and i'm pretty sure my tritype is 729 ( probably 7w6 - 2w3 - 9w1 ) welcome to the dark side , ya meme . probably te . that would be incredibly useful . in terms of writing and drawing , a lot of my inspiration is derived from music , or perhaps prompts , etc . so i don't think it would be necessary for me to go on about the process of how i actually ... sapphire from steven universe ( this is because when i'm angry or upset , i can become very withdrawn in person , and i like to keep my cool . she has this pretty laid back air i can somewhat relate to , ... flight ! i've always wanted to be able to fly . if not that , then healing powers . then i can heal people and myself . potato knishes . they're pretty good ! look at me , look at what i've become the poison you have intricately created and poured into my brainx 97no , my soul has intoxicated every piece of me i am still trying to clean myself , i am still ... 551170 5511 78 i have a thing for futuristic homes . = w = i don't know why , i just feel i'm better off , staying in the same room i was born in , i look outside , and see a whole world better off , without me in it trying to transform it , you are out of ... trump supporters probably know a lot about trucks . the reason i say this is because of this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=208SnhYTUPQ probably enfps , in my opinion . honestly , i actually really want to dye my hair pastel blue but my school wouldn't approve of that so i have to wait a year until i can do that ; ~ ; i think ne-doms are good with change , and rather very flexible . actually , i really like change . to me , your dad sounds like an fe-dom and your mom sounds like a ti-dom . i'm an enfp who's sanguine-phlegmatic ( that's not how i test ; i get melancholic but i don't believe that , i identify with sanguine-phlegmatic more ) , so that sounds about right ! not exactly , but sometimes i can get vibes of what their dominant function may be a while after knowing them . it depends , really . it's nice to work with water , until your hands get all wrinkly from all the water and then continuing to wash the dishes is physically painful for my hands ; n ; i wrote this one a while ago . i can see through your lies you think you're an opaque yellow but you're just so translucent you hide your green tones with an airbrush but i can see your true ... online , yeah , i do , but not offline . especially not at school , if i did i'd get shocked looks and people would be appalled because they see me as the ~ innocent goody two shoes ~ enfp , aquarius , dragon , & air creative , curious , critical , perfectionist , bubbly i throw pebbles into the sea watching each one skip further , further away as i wave goodbye . i walk away picking up my white flag i raise it high waving it , saying , i surrender . golden watches and jewelry adorning the young woman as she walks down the large hall carpets of red cover the whole room as she articulates her steps with her heels making sure not to trip or ... i agree with this ! ! : o my favorite season is actually winter ( because i love all the snow , plus hanukkah is in december , my birthday is in the winter , and the cold weather is just easier for me to ... i don't really think your personality can change from extroversion to introversion , since your cognition is supposed to always stay the same , no matter what situation you're in - - - and you simply ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nHQdXe2zA0k it's just so catchy gladly ! 549946 - enfp she hops out her car's door , and treads carefully in the direction of the closed convenience store . she grins , taking out a bobby pin out of her hair , and uses it to pick and prod at the lock until ... i have two stories that aren't really things i'm writing yet that i've started constructing , so here is what i've got so far ; kinetic population fiero scorch : estp moca criollo : esfj beverly ... '