' dear intp , i decided i need a cathartic release to deal with my frustrations toward you , and i think bashing in your head would be my best bet . unless you have a better idea . love , infj i love all this wisconsin love ! ! ! i grew up in milwaukee but don't currently live there . - kind texts - an expressed understanding that my hibernation is not at all a reflection of the quality / importance of our friendship if i feel understood and respected by you , that is the best way ... dear intj , i thought that i would stop thinking about you as time went on . but whenever i see you , even the simplest exchange tugs at my heartstrings and tempts me into wanting you closer . my ... i believe there is a truth made up of many layers . depth is recognizing that all the layers can express / lead to truth . one who ignores the externals is also blind , because those outer layers are also ... interesting ... what makes you say that ? and yea ... i definitely fit the criteria for hsp . dear little intp , you make me so proud . i've watched you transform from a self-debasing , defensive little wingless bird to a person who's not entirely uncomfortable showing sentiment and concern and ... is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , age , ... ok , does it matter what kind of questionnaire ? edit : i found one on this forum . working on it now ... since i first began learning about the mbti , my self-analysis wavered between a few different intuitive types until ultimately settling on infj . however , now i'm rethinking my ni-ness entirely , and i ... when i was a kid , i had a female friend who played with lego's and k'nex all the time . i thought she was such a weirdo haha . in retrospect i realize she's just a curious and inventive intp . funny how ... so you can turn off feelings at will if they serve no functional purpose ? man , i wish i could do that . sounds superhuman ( or maybe sub ? human ) to me . although some perceptions of beauty are socially constructed , we also possess innate , instinctual responses to visual stimuli that are thought to serve an evolutionary purpose . for example , our ... why ? imagine the following scenario : you directly confront a close female acquaintance about your romantic feelings toward her . she tells you she is unable to pursue a relationship with you for ... dear istj , i never expected that we would be friends - i was always too intimidated by you . but now that circumstance has brought us together , i've realized how rewarding a friendship between two ... him . i'm completely , ridiculously infatuated with this guy . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CQHIiVEBmH0&list=PLrXlLujBFlHxVLOHX-pv9lR_VTOnLdN9p not weird compared to what i do . for as long as i can remember , i have fantasized about doing the exact opposite of what you describe . i want other people to experience my sensory and emotional life ... dear intj , let's face it - you're weird . but i get this euphoric rush from seeing the you beneath the weirdness . you think i like you , but i only like the privileged feeling of having special ... i find it difficult to be in the same physical surroundings for a long period of time . even though i have an incredible ability to concentrate on one task for many hours and be extremely productive , ... you know you're an infj when it takes you 2.5 hours to get out of the house in the morning because you always get caught up in interesting discussions with your xnfp roommate at the breakfast table . i feel at ease when expressing ideas through language , whether verbally or in writing . i actually love telling people what i think and i why i think it , and i do it well . it's definitely a source of ... you listen to this song and it awakens your inferior se and suddenly you really really want to be esfp . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qojASZw57bo i'll define spirituality as belief in something true that lies beyond human perception . in addition to the above , religion is belief that the truth expects certain behaviors from humanity . by ... i don't think i change when i talk via the internet , i think i just choose to express one specific side of myself ( the deep , thoughtful , philosophical me ) . in real life , i'm much more well-rounded ... i'm curious , why do you prefer sensors when it comes to long-term relationships ? my esfj best friend is incredibly perceptive . she's able to get the dynamics of an interpersonal situation down to its core . i've never felt more understood by someone than i do with her . she ... lately , i've noticed that my isfj friend has become very uncomfortable and insecure around me . she seems afraid to express her ideas and says that i'll never sound as intelligent as you , so why ... there have been so many times when i'll be having a conversation with someone , and from my perspective it's an equal exchange and neither person seems to be more dominant than the other . but then ... intj_pyromaniac i intentionally overcharge myself with solitude anytime i know i'm going to be forced to be around people frequently in the near future . i function so well to the point that people ... dear intj , sorry for slamming the door on you after you poured your heart out to me . sorry that things are awkward now . sorry that i won't allow myself to express to you how much i care for you ... did you feel like you were different than others ? yes , painfully so . always felt like an alien . or , on the flip side , i felt like the world was the alien , as if it invaded my sacred space . as if my ... i walk away all the time in small group situations , and i don't feel bad about it . i would never walk away one-on-one . i don't know . obviously i'm doing it for myself and my own feelings of self-importance more than i'm doing it because i want to help them . but just because my motivation is selfish doesn't ... do you expose others ' vulnerabilities just so you can help them or counsel them ? for example , i might ask my friend what are you doing this summer ? when i know they're probably struggling to ... you despise social isolation until you get a surge of creativity . then you can't get enough of it . you create beautiful masterpieces with pen and paper in a dark corner of your room . don't you dare ... missy 12 ... you don't seem like a bigot , you just seem ignorant . i also oppose the movement due to my religious beliefs , but i am far too educated to claim a . that science opposes homosexual ... well-liked and well-respected , but i wouldn't say popular . people tend to place me on a pedestal . which kind of sucks because they prefer to admire me from a distance more than they want to be my ... i feel like this question has been asked many times around here , and the answers always resemble something like i'm atheist , i'm agnostic , science is my religion , i'm apathetic , etc . very rarely ... 1 . there's no need to patronize me . 2 . i never said i would spend my money on a psychic . never have and never will . 3 . there is a growing amount of scientific evidence to suggest that consciousness ... it's only ridiculous according to the system through which you choose to view reality . if you believe that consciousness is solely a product of the brain firing neurons and whatnot , then of course ... estj's ... but that may be because i don't have much experience with them . in fact i avoid them at all costs . : frustrating : interestingly , one of my best friends is esfj . somehow it works haha . maybe because our perceiving function ( n ) overpowers our judging function ( f ) . dominant ni is especially associated with a . stable moods and b . recognition of truth underlying the exteriors . this ... i agree . i think there's a suppressed ni-fe war raging inside of me at any given moment ... i want to be true to myself and how i perceive the world , but i want to please others , be liked , be deemed ... aquarian in general i feel that gothic music , or at least darker music in a minor key , has a sense of truth . i feel very comfortable listening to it ; i don't feel that there is deception . the ... hahaha not the response i expected ... but thanks ? umm ... no . i have a tendency to do what fern described , and i'll tell you why : it's because i'm scared of the intensity of my feelings . i feel deeply attached to people and i want to be friends with ... aquarian ... wow , i don't even know how to begin to respond . i'm a little overwhelmed by the parallels in our perceptions right now . you beautifully expressed so many of my own thoughts ... things ... yes , i do think it could be something spiritual - especially because i began feeling nostalgiac at a very young age , before i had even lived enough to miss or remember anything significant that ... nostalgia is often attributed to si , but strangely it's the one feeling that i'm intimately familiar with . although not associated with particular memories or details , it comes in waves and i can't ... '