' i have lots of designs on paper , but i'm glad i don't implement many of them . it's easy to shred the paper with designs on them , but if they've been built and it's sort of ok , then if i don't want ... you're not my type . attraction to people who look like your parents - business insider or something along those lines . you have to meet the girl first , so i think one aspect is a probability problem . since you're in a small town , perhaps do some civic duty ? coach a sport , run for mayor , volunteer , etc . you'll be ... it seems like there are two issues - the frequency of his calls and the inopportune timing . if you can't do anything about the frequency of his calls , perhaps you can change the timing . you could ... when i was in college , at some parties when some people asked me what courses i was taking , as soon as i told them , they bolted . if you know what your dad has absolutely no interest in , or has an ... i haven't checked my investments in over 15 years . the statements come in the mail and i never bother opening them . i don't know why , but if someone puts a bunch of numbers in front of me , and then ... i bought that book . some of it is weird and i would never do , but it did make me think differently and showed me options i would never have considered before . she claims that some people downsize ... after you admitted those things to her , she knows your romantic inclinations . charging you may have a double purpose , to not lead you on if she's not interested and to build her portfolio ( she'll be ... i was going to suggest being a remote park ranger , since they spend a lot of time alone , but if you ’ re going back to hong kong , i don ’ t think there ’ s any demand for them there . another way to be ... i knew a guy who was a technician , and went back to school in his mid - 40s to get a bachelors degree . he said that the repetitive work of a technician was too boring , same thing day in and day out . ... i'm participating in nanowrimo and wondering if there are any intps here who've ever had trouble switching gears from non-fiction to fiction writing , and if so , how they overcame it . for example , ... consumer behavior to me means what consumers want and at what price point and by what date . also , different market segments will have different consumer behavior . i ’ d like to know in detail ... bite the bullet and go to college , at least for a year . if you're having trouble deciding on a major , don't sweat it . pick one , you can change it later . the first year will be core classes ... i ’ m guarded about any hobby or interest that is not common , not just fe ones , and there are a few reasons for this . 1 . i ’ m around a lot of judgemental people , and while i don ’ t care if they ... - you're kind of snarky to him ( the boss ) . true , but didn't realize it at the time . i've tried to cut down , but every now and again , my snarkiness comes up when i'm presented with great illogic ... keep a journal / diary in which you write only the events and observations that make you smile . then later on , as you review it from time to time , you make those neural pathways preferentially ... fellowship for intentional community ( communes ) join big brother . not the reality tv show , but big brother big sister of america , or the equivalent if you're hailing from elsewhere . volunteer to start something - big brothers big sisters ... i agree . it's amazing how the right doctor can make the world of difference . if you can't get good medical care due to living too far away , you may want to look into online doctor consultations ... have you thought about working for a plumbing software company , computerized plumbing , etc . ? there's software for managing services , estimation software , cad for large projects , plumbing monitoring ... it can be hard work at amazon . 13 secrets of amazon warehouse employees the life and death of an amazon warehouse temp iama amazon warehouse worker who thinks everyone is over exaggerating ... it wasn't too bad . however , i took the hard courses and did not pad my schedule with easy courses . may not have been the wisest thing to do . romance was a kink in the works . definitely impacted ... i used to be tidy as a kid , but that was due to not having a lot of things and to having a lot of room . in college , i was also tidy because living in the dorms , all my stuff fit into 2 large ... no particular desire for them , but i'll watch if they're on . possibly too much gore for my tastes . my so has been wanting me to watch walking dead for a while now , he thinks i'll like it if i watch ... fascinating , thank you . the chinese caterpillar fungus on p . 189 is aka viagra of the himilayas , hence the high prices . caterpillar fungus : the viagra of the himalayas : npr marshy 14 i like chemistry , but your post made me smile anyway , thanks . > if you don't believe in an afterlife , you're probably aware that life has no meaning . meaning is in the eyes / opinion of the beholder . > no good or evil has an actual consequence . you ... i read switch : how to change things when change is hard , by chip heath and dan heath some years ago , but i want to re-read it with a eye towards what works better for which mbti types . recently ... a worker who's not willing to do something is equivalent to a worker who can't do something . you did the right thing . it also sounds like you need to delegate more , instead of doing 3 jobs by ... my dreams are not that useful and i rarely take them seriously . the only pattern i've seen is that when i'm stressed , i tend to have water-related dreams where i can't control the flow of water . ... a . join your school's tutoring program . since you're getting a's and assuming you got a's the year before , you can probably tutor in those subjects and meet other tutors with whom you'll ... 1 ) if you are into manga , you could try the manga series of books from no starch press . 570586 2 ) for math , lots of people don't like it . here's an article about teaching math to people who ... used to be blue - navy blue , electric blue , cerulean blue , and some blue / white patterns . got tired of it , and now have more earth tones and pastels . i did like to wear a t-shirt that a relative ... i don't hoard , but i take a long time to process things , so magazines pile up , for example , for several years . i'm not sure it's an si thing . si is an intp's tertiary and i buy stuff , sometimes to ... a ) put a time limit on it by allowing yourself 5 minutes a day only ( or 15 minutes or whatever ) to spend on wallowing in the past , on your feelings related to it , etc . if you want to wallow more , ... 1 ) do you ever have people telling you are being way too harsh , or have had friends completely cut you off after a bad fight where you were too harsh ? yes , and i'm glad they did . 2 ) do you or ... if the destination was a nice place , i'd be tempted to go anyway and not waste the ticket , but have a plan b and crash with some other friends nearby , or who knows , have an adventure . and if he ... there once was an intp awaiting 30 days depravity with kalei from perc adieu thesis work countdown lubricious rhapsody good wifi , laundry paraphernalia , maybe his own room / study if ... i think it's wonderful that you are taking such an active approach towards nurturing your daughter ! i suggest having enough activities lined up for her to choose from because intps aren't the ... - how do / did you divide the housework between you ? whoever is better at it and doesn't mind . otherwise , whoever gets fed up first ( that the other person isn't doing it ) . - do you think ... silence . self-approbation , pride and joy . i'm not an istp but one of my friends is . 2 ) he has interests in astronomy and engineering . 4 ) when we have to go somewhere , he will head off in the general direction and navigate by the sun ... why not both ? explain to your colleague that you are actually more blunt and direct with intelligent people , and that you didn't realize that she was already on the webpage . and also expend some ... i agree with pretty much everybody else here , that you should go to a better doctor . but since you aren't , i suppose there could be some reason , either you don't want your friends irl to know , or ... do these people have your best interests at heart ? or do they just like to criticize ? if they're on your side , then you should probably give their feedback some consideration . for accepting ... lithium orotate has helped some people with their mood swings and depression . it's available as a supplement , but the usual medical disclaimers apply . ( consult your physician . ) i used it as a ... 1 . if you've got distractions , you could try some version of the pomodoro technique . estimate how much time it would take ( in hours ) and then break it into chunks of 25 minutes or so . then set a ... have you looked at meetup.com ? meetups are neighbors getting together to learn something , do something , share something … i knew a guy ( possible intx ) who did competitive ballroom dancing for ... it's about 170 pages . sample table of contents is below . it doesn't talk about the auxiliary functions . sections that are in the premium profile that aren't in the short profiles are : motivation ... '