' i can really relate to how you feel since i was like that for a long time too . do you think you understand why you do this ? it sounds like you've thought about it a lot . do you have a specific ... just on this point - i don't think two people have to feel exactly the same way about each other to be in love , nor does the strength of feeling have to be exactly equal all the time . feelings are ... no way that one is better overall . i would imagine the only significant difference you'd find over the whole set on all ne vs ni users is that the ni users would be more likely to try to find ... engineering and then medicine . if i could go round again i would lean towards psychology or something education related . fae yep sounds totally familiar . i have had quite big disputes with partners while trying to explain this to people who think that when you say you need some time alone you are actually trying to ... i was going to reply but there is no way i could say it better than this ^ mrinfj yep - this used to be fairly true of me too and i can totally relate to your story . i think as a personality type we are quite good at adapting and also feeling like it's ok to do so - maybe ... hello ! i'm also pretty new here but everyone seems friendly so far : happy : we are probably all glad you're not insane too , but i know what you mean when you come here are realise that a ) ... really interesting - i know exactly what you mean , especially if i haven't been in a group environment for a while . this is really good advice , and not in any way related to , or limited by , your mbti type or any other personality aspect really . it might be worth bringing mbti into thoughts on what you might do ... the main two times it causes me problems are : 1 ) when i get hooked into a book / film / music if i'm feeling a bit low and just can't let go of the experience 2 ) when i get totally focussed on a manual , ... so true - my phone spends much more time on silent than i am prepared to admit to all the people who ring it ... any particular situations or settings that make you do that ? not being able to calm down when i'm upset or angry because someone is trying to fix me or look after me when all they need to do is give me five minutes on my own and i'll be fine . thank you ! : happy : i think nfs are more likely to feel and be concious of it . i'd really like to know how sfps feeling works in these settings and how they are aware of what they notice in others . i'm really good at ... of course , that's fine :-) whats your plan for college ? i think i just feel it a thing , rather than it having any particularly self protective overtones . thinking about it though , it makes me protective of others around me if there is someone who's ... settings & for me the easily occurring conflict is best summed up by marlowe's ( # 6 ) reply to this thread estj wants me ( infj ) to explain why i love her . without this getting ... sounds a bit more like enfj but it would be good to know how he reacts is social situations and what his preferences are . the staying at home for two years part is a bit odd , and it would be good to ... i tend to be quite liberal with helping people in my personal life , but at work i get much more reserved unless i know the person , and then they sort of end up in my personal brain and get treated ... nice to meet you too . always wanted to visit la ( had to look at your profile to find out which opposite you were ;-) i don't think it is spirituality , unless that is somehow also what you carry as your intrinsic sense of right and wrong . i actually tend to be quite questioning of absolute right / wrong concepts and ... not sure i have anything to add advice wise , since i agree with a lot of what's been offered . i just wanted to post - your first post was possibly the biggest insight into estj ( and ... the first thing that enters my head when i can't read someone is that something is very wrong with them or me . when it's me it's usually stress , hunger or fatigue . when it's them ... most recent ... this whole thread is a bit eye-opening to an fe user . each new post seems to be some extra little world of insight . this is especially fascinating - i sometime feel like i need to treat fi ... that's pretty much how i feel at the moment , and sort of how i ended up here i guess . there is going to come a point i suspect where my job and my social fe side are going to have a big falling out , ... i guess this will vary enormously depending on what type of people are around you . most of the people in my life are stj or sfj , so they are the ones i have conflict with . i do actually think that ... yay - more people ! i honestly think i have only ever met one other possible infj and i didn't them especially well this is the bit that loosing out in my current attempt to keep everything ... maybe this , maybe feeling as if there is some amount of creative direction at work in the universe beyond the basic probabilities of physics . i'm really not sure - self examination in a totally ... just to get my instinctive response out of the way : wink : the way this thread started really wound me up - suggesting that being imbalanced is somehow an illness is how lots of perfectly normal ... to me it's mainly the difference between how you feel yourself and attending or being part of an organised group of people with faith . my mum's part of a church but i think it causes more stress ... hello ! interesting username ... my gemini fits me totally - inside and outside personality very different . being as i know precisely no other infjs that's about as useful as i can be : confused : yay - ... interestingly you've fallen in the same trap i did when thinking about areas to work in - i always thought i'd get value from interacting with patient's but it's actually the people i work with who ... interesting thread that's been resurrected here ... i can see why you might have thought this before - i would guess its just distribution curves at work . you're going to have to be ... this is my experience of negative se as well - case in point : i have just worked a very long day and almost got attacked at work - i will now retire to some beer and several back-to-back episodes of ... this ... ^ much as i think i don't know enough about you or your situation to give really good advice i'd agree with the above . i'm in a job where i work 80 hour weeks regularly and i wish so ... first of all - i completely relate to your feeling of not being in the right type of science even though it's interesting . i'm in the uk , so slightly different job and education market , but i can ... yep , it does doesn't it ... my work is all sj . i don't know any intuatives at all other than possible my current ( working this out as i write ) entp ( maybe enfp ) boss . what type dominates where you ... a martial art of some kind and a musical instrument ( i have a clarinet but it never gets played ) i guess i'd really like something physical to do since i miss that in my job . if you can't make a decision i suspect we are all going to struggle a little ... what does you intuition say ? this part is certainly very true for me - i can be very social and interactive , but there is a quite extensive list of conditions that has to be met before i will be like that . some of those ... the most mysterious overall to me is infj , and i'm interested by the number of other infjs saying the same thing - no one else seems to be saying that they find their own type mysterious . having ... not really specialised - heading toward emergency medicine which is pretty general . not sure i've ever actually met any female entjs . to be fair medicine is totally sxj dominated , so i have a ... very touching . it's interesting no-one seems to find their own type to be particularly amazing ... i find that infps are the people that remind me that a ) some people in the world still have values ... one thing about medical careers in the uk - there is no merit based promotion , it is all based on time served . i will be considered a junior doctor for at least 9 years after i graduated from ... i would love to get into a training role - that's likely where i will end up - i just need to have another 15 years experience and be 45 before i'm allowed to ... it's reading things like this that make me know i've been typed just right . this happens so often it's gone from funny to not-so-funny and back again . the number of people that seem to be able to ... hello and welcome . what kind of art do you make ? '