' i'm over 75-80 % when it comes to the nfp spectrum but i'm literally always 50/50 when it comes to introversion and extroversion . i got infp for the first time but i also got enfp on multiple ... that's pretty much what it's like for me and my girlfriend . i love her for who she is and not for her personality type . i just found out her type after we've been dating for two months and it was ... that is pretty interesting ! thanks for sharing . :) i've been dating an enfj woman for 7 months and it's been going great ! i've read about the natural compatibility of enfj's and infp's which really interested me . however , i've been reading ... how was 2013 for you ? turbulent , horrible , positive , life changing , wonderful , destructive ? ? if you didn't have a good 2013 , what do you wish for in 2014 ? when i listened to the muses rapt's spiritual healing for the first time . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QTxUwDGRHqw i wouldn't say two-faced because that sounds mean . thank you ! it's annoying how other male infp see that as the end of any success or a massive roadblock of their lives . how have you managed to deal with us as children ? have you found ways to understand the mysterious infp or have you just went your own ways in raising them ? fyi my mother is an entj and its been ... any great infp poets out there willing to share a bit of their work ? heres mine ( i'm not a poet but that creative rush tends to get a hold of me ) the green-eyed monster it stands there hovering ... you shouldn't totally give up on infj's but at least explore other personality types and not single in on infj's . daydreaming was fun . i was in a dysfunctional international school so it sucked so fucking hard . worst time of my life :'( i love guns ever since i was 8 can you really change your personality ? not that i want to but i read some people use psychedelic drugs to reprogram themselves into their desired personality type such as estp to an infp and etc . i'm the same way too ! my diet might need some good improvement but i agree 100 % with ya ! any infp's who are muscular and are gym rats here ? i can never sober up on life the sex would be amazing and the orgasms would be heroin-like ... lol i tend to have childlike qualities like most people would say but i get a lot of people saying im very mature for my age . i wear a keffiyeh which is super comfy during the fall / winter . i feel sexy in it :P classic piano rave house http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vLRHOsFeqt8 hell no ! i really appreciated when someone wraps their arms around me i had this biology teacher who all she talked about was her stupid problems about the other class and other garbage that wasn't related to biology . we stole her oreos and locked her in the closet ... people say i look like colin farrell people in suits ( barney suites , chuckecheese suits ) that shit freaks me out i had to take arabic classes . that was a pain .. i study photojournalism with multimedia included . i lived in the united arab emirates for five years . it was the pinnacle of my teenage years and i also travelled to oman , austria , england , germany and puerto rico . all fun trips i don't think i'd want to have casual sex . i thought i was clearly capable during my teen years to fuck some classmate without emotions but as it turns out i'm not set up that way . i'd stick to ... some people think i look like colin farrell i used to be a catholic but i gave that up a long time ago and focus on my own spirituality instead . i don't need a church to worship my dad is an estj with bpd ... not fun my dad is an estj with borderline personality disorder . that made shit super complicated . i beg to differ depends . if they are both healthy and self-aware it won't be bad but it will be mostly turbulence mine was the n64 . best console ever :) unconditional love does exist . what hinder it for people to experience it is their own ego's . if you get past that then you can feel unconditional love . sensitive warm random fun loving kick-ass haha aww thanks ;) holy crap ! thats impressive 60138 theres no way in really telling if you have adhd or not . i read that most psychiatrists put a label things on too quickly and just shove pills down peoples throats . there is a thing called ... i've always wanted to go to lebanon , especially beirut to check out the party scene . the only thing the remotely lebanese is the restaurant aladdin's eatery in which my boss is lebanese but he was ... for me i'd tell my brother to shove it and no one cares what he thinks . that does the trick for me i had this weird dream i was a thief in nyc with four of my crew and we were scaling the brooklyn bridge . i looked to the back that cops were chasing us on the bridge and i turned my head to the ... which smart phone do you prefer ? well i'm from a suburb of pittsburgh called mt . lebanon . it was originally spelled mount lebanon until 1975 where they changed it . i guess they got lazy and decided to do that format instead . its a ... i've had really messed up dreams when i was younger . i can remember a kid having his genitals amputated and replaced with possibly some funnel and he kept peeing , following a jolt that woke me up in ... i believe in a free market capitalist economy . it works . subsidized corporatism is not capitalism and that is what is being implemented today . '