' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_cEc7duWhs well , idk about other isfps , but people don't remember / know i exist , i didn't manage to keep one close connection ( or any connection at all ) to any of the peers i had during school . i was always that ... i don't understand your question , you mean what happens if they realize the truth ? what is a superior person ? according to wikipedia's definition of defense mechanisms : like i said , if some people realized the truth , they would be miserable . that's why they can be idealistic , because it helps them to ... actually i think it's a defense mechanism . when you think like that , it's because you would be miserable if you realized that you're not the only one that can offer someone else something , i mean , ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SgUv8_u-2OA quoting the link that red mange posted : ethical-sensory intratim - isfj ( the guardian ) lmao that's why everyone else thinks i'm mad or angry but i'm really not , i too can relate to both ... i'm isfp and hsp - usually affected by other people's emotions ( deeply if i care about them ) , very sensitive to sounds and noises , more sensitive than most to physical pain , easily startled .. i ... lmao i was one of these unreliable people because of my social anxiety .. but i also couldn't say no to people ( enneagram type 9 ) nowadays i just say i don't know when i don't wanna go , because ... i'm fairly skilled at doing hands stuff like drawing ( replicate a photo , i can't simply imagine something and draw it , i need to have a reference or mix references into one drawing ) coloring , ... i'm so sorry :( avoid being in their presence and when i can't i just make it clear i don't give a f about / don't like them by ignoring them , not laughing at their jokes , talking to other people instead of them 676162 do i look older than 20 yet https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHXy8zT0tn4 actually i changed my mind a bit and in this thread i said i thought she was an extp , and after discussing about it i think her most likely type is estp , i explained why in further posts in that ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ej4HBvChWPs i can definitely see the use of ti ( actually lack of fi ) , but i still think she's an extrovert . i'm torn between n / s because who tf thinks about painting nails with lcd ingredients lol , this comes ... i think i'm heterosexual because the only people i've been sexually attracted to were men , but i wonder what's like having sex with a woman , maybe i could've been attracted to one , and if i got to ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5zq9DtH4w6s his voice is my sexual orientation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GtAw1wKkBug https://youtu.be/AxraUvHlfJk i was in doubt whether simply nailogical was a feeler or a thinker but now it's obvious to me she's an extp , her other channel is called simply not logical , a feeler would never because we don't know ... music is my life ok , there's nothing that decreases my anxiety as music , so i just wanted to say that i really really love it , it just makes me feel so good . well there have been music phases ... he's one of the most insightful isfps here , i really like reading his posts 671738 im over 20yo i swear https://youtu.be/ePo4vCTxJpc not recently , it's been 6 months since i first listened to this song , but it was love at first listen , i loved it so much it quickly became one of my very favorite ... strong morals and beliefs and will give that death stare to anyone who disagrees with them ? check sensitive baby ? check introverted af ? check lives in the moment and when things need to be done ... wow , i stopped crying because of this exact reason like 5 minutes ago . i know exactly how it feels because i'm in the very same position as you , and that's the cause of all my stress and anxiety rn ... exactly , like you said , you need to get to the root cause of your problem . we all get stressed , but when the stress don't go away there's something wrong and i would recommend going to a therapist ... simply nailogical enxp for some reason i love seeing nail polish being applied , ugh , when it's applied perfectly like this and then the top coat is applied and it gives the nail that shine , it's so satisfying to watch ... painting my nails and watching football idk everywhere i go i feel so invisible , like , i'm aware i'm not a remarkable person , must be karma or something .. there is another thread you made with the exact same subject , you could've just updated that one no you can't change your type , and those traits have nothing to do with mbti , for example , you can be a thinker and still take things personally . it has to do with insecurity , do you have someone you ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eRMQLYSX0Qk i agree , i don't know about them , but when people tell me out of nowhere that i matter and they're thankful for me i keep thinking about that for days , it doesn't have to be a big gesture or speech , ... i love programming but it drives me crazy sometimes jk it drives me crazy everytime because it's so time consuming to find why your code isn't working , i spent literally weeks trying to figure out ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=We3768aX5sg i love this artist if istj is unlikely to you , then you're with isfp and isfj . i too didn't know if i were one of these two types , because i noticed i use fi , fe , si and se , not equally , but enough for me to consider ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxkxzVLQNP8 love the strings at the ending they won't make an effort to have you back after you said you were going to breakup with them , because you see , that's not logical , why would they do that . breaking up with them but wishing they ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G7glEPwS7Qs only three ? not possible . i have social anxiety and i'm highly sensitive especially to noises lmao are isfp less sexually permissive ? well .. i have some restrictions yes are isfp very monogamous ? i am , when i'm with someone else that's the only person i wanna be with . what are isfp ' s ... woah the first song is amazing ! thanks for sharing this vid ! recently i've been looking for more trip-hop artists bc trip-hop is probably my favorite electronic sub-genre :) these are too funny omg that game is awesome , i love puzzle-solving too . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7Pcw9ddWUM this song is delicious to my ears , underrated band , one of my faves look .. what you did was probably just the tip of the iceberg of all other things you did that upset this isfp . was it enough reason to upset her ? of course . no one likes it when someone you trust and ... '