' elephantality xsfj you beat me to it , kinda . people saying stuff like that is a big factor in people being confused . ( as well as a lot of other stuff in this thread ) hello mr.by my username if you like ... j / k hi , welcome to percafe :) what kind of gravy goes with those gibblets ? what you mentioned about ti and fi has nothing to do with ti nor fi . what is simple deprived extroversion ? how long have you been off meds ? i am not asking to be an ass , just curious if that may affect certain things . i have a grammatical error in a closed thread that i made just moments before that thread was shut down . part of me went dang it i want to edit and fix it but eh oh well . which leaves me to the ... ruled out ? that would be impossible without proper observation non of typology will exist , even carl jung stressed how important it is to observe objectively . preconceived ideas is high up there ... sounds good :) i didn't really want to go all deep into this . i usually ignore new accounts with single digit post count , that pop's in threads especially type me threads and throws out useless information . what was quoted can very well be said for esfp's ... my original assumption was that you are a t with a decent f , maybe due to up bringing . and when you mentioned your story my assumption seemed more plausible . and the childhood story seem more t like ... you got my attention already :) i am kinda spread out , a tad more than i prefer , and ni a lot of times requires to soak in information before letting it out . since i already kinda have filtered ... jonneh i think that , and observed , a lot of this myth spreading is due to mistyping . i have seen a lot of mistype's go around using these myth's for the reason for there type . while causing ... fi is easy to spot :) dean is hallmark lower fe high se , sometimes he goes in fe revenge mode . sounds like you are describing a isfp ? down to earth and emotional . unless you meant pragmatic for different reasons ? he is not just emotional but emotionally driven and goes therapy like for ... covered and soaked in te okay , type me . kinda yeah , but not the wednesday ordeal i am very bad about . time line is more of a theoretical concept for me , kinda like the song time keeps slipping a lot of times the present time is where ... did you just re-quote your current misunderstanding's in hopes i will explain it to you ? your doing better on your smack talk but i think you can do a little better . you can do it ! ! ! your dog answer seemed se like - it kinda read there's a dog , i don't want to be bite ... there's a dog . you didn't really read into the dog much it is what is a dog . i am not saying a se user can't ... just a tad just a tad . this is first for seeing someone argue and belittle people over physical education and nothing actually being said about physical education . the parachute game was the best :) wow i love it when people can't understand a simple post and act like your the one ignorant . i suppose for you everything has to be spelled out simple like ... barney style as was once called . put ... se is a lot more than just stereotypical sports . se - rely's on what is , the facts of what is perceived kinda like te is for thinking . if you see a car go by se would be more likely to notice ... that statement is wrong and that is a fact . still no clue what real world pe would be ? thumb exercise ? not random , just 2 post that went over your head is all :) yeah it's called go outside come back home when street lights start to come on . seriously what in the world is real life fitness ? so may scenarios it's tough to narrow down . if you mention pe all the kids would be like gosh your so old ... because physical education would be banned . so far it seems very likely , there seems to be a lot of feeling based relations to questioning and answering . i am not seeing high te so i doubt istj and so far does not seem like an istj from any ... xsfp is the only conclusion i can / have came across the world would be really messed up if the ratio of sensor and intuition was flipped . i have observed that fi is the most likely function to cause type doubt . that infj's are not the superior type ! ! ! ( whoops i thought this was for making type myth's ) that infj's always say the right thing ... this one annoyed me a lot when i ventured into sub ... hi for a inxj , that makes little sense . you also previously stated how unfocused you are i am starting to question introvert enfp which one's are you relating to currently ? xxdoubtxx what is your thoughts though ? 666938 hello's and welcome to percafe :) i love type me threads where people who do not have a clue and just looking for people to help conform . ( waste of time trying to help assist , now go out and confuse others by comparing your ... xcopy you have always seemed more like a sensor to me ... there's my 2 cents . either way you seem one cool character :) was done before i was able to get started . i don't try to convince people of the type i only try to help find there best fit . i can make a convincing argument for anyone for any type or all of them . the more someone knows about typology the ... as usual the questions like in questionnaire's does not have a certain angle or certain way of answering . all the questions only ask that the person be honest just like test . unlike test it is easier ... xxdoubtxx even seemed to start and end with a te dom style manner what you mentioned is what i gathered a possible unhealthy entp . but the ne is so scattered my ni will have to come back and really focus to pick out what is there to be sure you usually seem cool , i never seen you persecute before . but that doesn't deny the fact that many people do and even create threads and derail them for that intention . anyone with a 2nd grade ... ni and ne rely on unconscious . so far you seem ne ... i am scattered scrolling through your thread . i haven't read it all yet ... much at all that is it seems the consensus does not agree with infp you are definitely a sensor , but oh my god please don't take that a insult . '