' i love reading - just being able to escape into another world for a while is wonderful ! recently i've been wondering whether i'm infp or enfp , but even more recently i've been wondering if i'm a thinker because all of the personality descriptions i've come across for infps seem to say ... i'm usually ok at talking to people if i'm genuinely interested in the conversation topic . i think i'd find it most awkward to talk about subjects i'd consider to be kind of pointless , because i just ... happy friday ! i don't mind . * hums * i have started to recite poetry to myself ( which has recieved many concerned looks and are you okay ? s ) mother : esfj father : intj granny o'grimm's sleeping beauty - full hd - youtube granny o'grimm's christmas greeting - youtube granny o'grimm's oscar message - youtube i have a friend who is entj and she is very intelligent , so we have lots of debates about things . she is also quite banter-ish , and open to new experiencs , but at the same time knows what she wants ... meditation , yoga and reading is what i do . hope this helps ! ^ sorry not sure what happened there christian , but i am very interested in buddhism and agree with lots of their principles chrsitian , but i am very interested in buddhism and agree with lots of their principles i dont think this has been done before . i love coming up with imaginary worlds so i thought that it might be an infp thing , and so i thought we could make one collectively . basically , just post any ... yes ! i love long drives , particularly when listening to music with headphones ! its so calming , and the perfect daydreaming opportunity :) hello , i don't normally venture out of the infp forum , but i was recently thinking about how most of the sps i know are not religious , or wouldn't really consider themselves properly religious . i ... hi , my family is also christian , and from my mum in particular i get the impression that she wouldnt be too open to another religion . however , i am also extremely interested by buddhism . its a ... i really worry about growing up and being responsible and organised . i'm not exactly wild atm , but i always want to feel like i have the choice . i also get scared about being old , and being a burden ... hi people . recently i'm not sure whether i'm am introvert or an extrovert . i've always been kind of in the middle , but maybe i considered myself introvert because i'm friends with some extraverted ... i know someone who i think is infj . he is the only infj that i know , so i don't know that i had a very good selection ! i don't speak to him much anymore , but he is capable of being very emotional , ... i like to think of myself as fairly successful , academically :) i think that it's not so much a this type goes well with that type thing , more that individual people have preferences for certain types , in the same way that individuals have favourite colours etc . hi so does anyone have an idea of some of these characters personality types ? my friend wants to know because she uses mbti to help her act better . thanks for your help ! jack algeron cecily ... hi ! well my mum and one of my best friends are esfjs and sometimes they can come across as wanting attention , especially when they're annoyed about something or upset , it might be the fe i guess , ... i'm obsessed with fantasy and fairy tales - narnia , harry potter etc . i also love character study , which is the main appeal in books and tv for me - they must have good characters and good character ... pychologist , teacher , author , poet , dog trainer , working for nasa , singer , actress ... all of the above i have considered and i change my mind daily :) hufflepuff ! ! ! based on the extraverted personality functions ( te , fe , ne and se ) a friend and me came up with a new way of sorting the temperaments , based on what they show to the outer world . tjs - ... hi guys , so i was thinking the other day about how some types seem to be more perceiving out of the perceivers , and some more judging out of the judgers , so then i thought , what we be the ultimate of ... oh yeah , that's a good one . i just thought earth because the only istp i know very well makes wood stuff in his spare time , like oars and scupltures . he's very outdoorsy and does lots of outdoor ... ok , so i was talking with my friends the other day , about what would be the superpower of each personality type . i know some are rubbish , so i've come to you guys for help : happy : this is what i ... so , i'm quite new and this is the first time i've ventured outside of the infp forum : blushed : so hi ! anyway , one of my best friends is enfp . of this i am certain and many of my other friends ... i always thought of wendy as an fj , quite protective and motherly i agree with lucy and i think edmund is difficult , susan i believe is a t and peter maybe exfj ? what about aslan and caspian ? thank you ! i haven't ever really had an account like this before , where you make up a name , and i thought this one sort of suited me . thanks again ! :D really ? to never die but lose everyone you know ? sounds sad : sad : sorry i'm quite new and i bet the answer's obvious , but how do you get your avatar to show on posts ? ok so i don't know if this is the case with all infps , but sometimes i really need someone to compliment me . usually , i'm quite an independant person , but i do sometimes need this ! : blushed : so ... for me , i find it really attractive and cute when they don't feel more lust than love . i know it sounds simple but i just mean like watching a film cuddled together without feeling the need to kiss ... ok , so i kinda stole this off the intp forum , and i'm sorry if we already have one but i couldn't find one . we have a few that are similar , but not one for just all quotes . this can be from films , ... stop . just stop and listen . really listen . what do you hear now ? i think neytiri is almost certainly an i because she doesn't generally like to spend time with lots of people and she likes to be alone . possibly an n too but i guess i might be biased : unsure : so me and my friends were discussing this the other day ... what superpower would you like to have ? i love the idea of flying , and also to be able to grant wishes . btw , you can't say shapeshifting ... one of my friends disapproves of the whole personality type thing because she hates being labelled . to be honest , let people call me what they want , so long as it's justified . i personally love the ... i think i move on and forgive others for the wrongs they've done to me too quickly , so maybe something quite flexible ? probably a ball of white light , quite blurry at the edges , so its not obvious ... also jk rowling : happy : and i totally agree with you , especially the 3rd and 5th ones . i'm very social , and quite friendly ( i like to think ! ) to people i don't know very well . however my friend who ... i know ! we went shopping once and i was a bit on the hyper side : happy : so i started to do the dorothy step down the middle of the mall , and she was like stop it ! what will everyone think ? ... my sister is also an estj . she's my younger sister , and we definitely don't always see eye-to-eye . it can become quite frustrating , actually , because ( and i think this is part of being an infp ) ... the chronicles of narnia ! i love them :D i think a merman would be cool . it would have to be something that was vaguely related to humans . personality types aside , i think any two people can bond really well if they share the same values and the same basic principles . anyway , in relation to your question , i think you'd be as perfect as ... about the what things are meant to represent thing , i think different things will have different meanings for different people . when i was very young i had a dream that a t-rex was chasing me - but ... '