' well that was fucking terrifying . just the once today . istj - put that down on the off-chance you're incredibly well endowed i would advise challenging him to a duel . if not ... back to the drawing board ! ni types tend to have a very personal view of things . our perspective is very refined , built from bits and pieces of all the different ideas we ignored . does this fit ? no . what does ? couple that ... sometimes ? i don't think you get it . i just really , really wanted to call you a dick . true or not , being a dick about it doesn't help anyone . it's not about conformity . it's the way you discuss things . you have a certain way of being provocative in disagreement that aux-fe tends to be uncomfortable with . i won't stop until i've eaten every single animal on the planet . you think i'm joking ? please . i'm begging you . let me look after your kitten . it makes perfect sense to me . to be in love with someone is to both love them and see a future in that love , to want to be with them and face all of life's crap together . to love someone is simply to ... why do you have so much uncertainty about yourself ? has something happened recently to screw up your self-esteem or have you always needed external guidelines to work out how to behave ? it's hard to prove either way . emotion is a human thing . it's something we all experience and something that guides our actions in ways we sometimes understand and sometimes do not . i will never know ... ... edit - ooh , beaten to it no . who we are is shaped by how we live and what we experience to too much of an extent for me to believe in something like that . what if we met them and we were too battered and bruised by the ... look at that fucking head . that's fucking beautiful , mate . threads like these make me wish threads had blurbs . ultimately , nobody's entitled to anything . i'm very frustrated with my ex at the moment because she re-initiated contact recently only to do ... well ... i guess i'll be downloading a copy of carmageddon tonight then ! i was , but then i experienced what it's like to be hated and it's not as awful as i expected . i actually think it strengthens you a great deal because you're forced to accept your own valuation of ... tits . it's her body , dude . she has the right to treat it however she likes . she may be sharing it with you now , but you have no claim to it . you certainly had no claim to it in the time she wasn't with ... oh , it was just a cigarette . it's the drink that had me looking like that . i haven't smoked weed for years ! well , except for christmas eve ... 457353 i don't know who the guy is , but i do wish he didn't have his finger up my ass . i think we're very well equipped to understand logic , to discuss things logically and to follow logical trains of thought . i don't think we usually act logically . and i don't think we realise how ... i don't think i'd want to look so deeply into the mirror . in all honesty we very likely don't . i won't speak for everyone , but i'm very vague on te despite a lot of reading into it . i see te as relating to the order of the external world . getting to its ... i think that depends if it brings satisfaction to the person seeking it . everyone seems very disappointed in these seemingly non-existent people . invade ? it's not rape if they say yes . forgiveness . have you ever considered just how antagonistic it is to purposefully affect your own identity in search of potential confrontation ? or how the same mindset that leads to checking something like this ... i'm fine with it and i've used it myself in the past . the problem i have is my approach . no matter how comfortable i might feel with casual sex i can't help but act like i'm not . even if my ... i do think ni and imagination are linked in some ways . ni is believed to recognize patterns . i believe we ( or at least i ) create imaginary scenarios and check them against those patterns , looking for ... in my experience that's only sometimes how nt's handle it . sometimes it's just how nt's think they handle it . assuming simon's the main character ( i've forgotten surprisingly quickly ) i don't think i'd go with infj because he has such a hard time understanding how his stream of consciousness is being copied ... stop whining , you ass . they aren't mutually exclusive , so i don't fully understand the question . i think happiness itself should be the bigger priority . largely because building that foundation for yourself means ... limitless potential wasted on a meaningless quest for validation . you do have every right to hate whatever you like , but i can't imagine such blind hate from an intelligent person if that person wasn't holding onto that hate because it satisfies them to hold it . ... i believe he is part genius , part ... how do i put it ? i guess i'll quote ricky gervais - educationally subnormal . http://i4.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article247667.ece/ALTERNATES/s615/karl-pilkington-834191681.jpg and just because you want to believe it doesn't mean it is . then no . nobody actually feels another person's emotions . they generate their own in empathy / sympathy . when you get bored of using it as a meat substitute try it as a crisp / chip substitute . slice it really thin , oil it up a little and throw on some salt , then throw it in the oven . low fat , high ... as people we are all capable of happiness . whether sincere , lifelong serenity or brief moments of simple joy . i think life is pointless . i really do . but i don't think our lives and experiences ... i think the next words in your conversation should be fuck you . good or safe , generally . although that's probably more ijs than ips . unlikely . accidents happen . even infjs are allowed to have sex , you know . i agree . but you are trolling . '