' my conscious knows it's supposed to be ok to feel shitty . but whatever lies underneath isn't ready to accept that . lately , i've been moving on some stuff , because my unconscious is tired of ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=km40jvV5lhM my favorite too . : laughing : i skimmed this ... but what i just read is kind of shocking . this guy's behavior is completely unprofessional . you're not being childish for saying so , and i recommend you do say so immediately , to ... thank you , and thank you for sharing . i'm sorry you've gone through that , very unfortunate . for you , life has forced your hand . i'm glad you're making the best of it . thank you for sharing . i think one thing is true : it's scary how powerful perception is . it can literally change your life . if you don't mind me saying so , i'd say you shouldn't try to replace your ... i'm going to assume you don't mind comments . if you do , you will ignore , that's fine . this has been happening for years . it's obvious that she doesn't mind jerking you around . giving her immense ... a lot of people prefer being called by something that isn't their full name / given name so politely correcting them is something that is always acceptable to do . this . i think you must have an ... you need to learn that the dude abides , man . i avoided a person i liked once , as that person was very popular . it definitely gave me some pull ... my strategy was weird and interesting to that person , as i expected it would be . i got to go on a ... i'll tell you one tip , useful for verbal fights . if someone tries to one up you , tries to disrespect you , tries to embarrass you , or whatever , all you gotta do is look them in the eye , and say ... wow . that's cold ... but you're welcome :) maybe you've got a point there . i'm usually stubborn but i'm just letting myself relax , and not really trying to change how i feel . maybe this is the ... nah , i don't have most of those symptoms . various exogenous factors are more relevant to explain my current situation than ones originating from my psychological state . i appreciate that you brought ... i like razare's advice . easier said than done though . op , i relate to your post as well . i'm going to work through my own thoughts here if you don't mind , i find doing it in public is somehow ... i am drifting . i'm in a lull at the moment , in between projects . a new one is coming soon at a specified date , a few months from now , and i'm excited to begin pursuing my professional goals again . i ... basically , i choose not to think about it . it's completely out of my hands . when my family passes i will grieve . but not until that time . you don't have to be scared . that will happen in all likelihood . also , what do you think they are doing ? do you think they read a manual on how to be parents / whathaveyou ? don't worry about it ... bon . i'll give it one last try . i'm pretty sure i understand the motivation behind your statements , once i take into account your personal anecdotes / preferences you've stated in the thread . you want ... wow , do i have a business already ? you know i'm flying my corporate jet absolutely everywhere . why does it matter how realistic it is ? i threw it out as an unlikely possibility . some people would ... i suppose you are right . however , i think the most surprising thing i have found in posting this in the intj sub-forum is that it appears that most who have chosen option 1 appear ( imo ) to be giving ... simple rebuttal : experiences are not quantifiable like money . opportunity is fleeting , as is the world around you . in 7 years , a lot of chances will come and go . the assumption that all things will ... i'm taking the 4 hours ... using the rest of the time to pursue other opportunities . i'll take the stiff job when i'm old and lacking in vitality . i giggled . yeah , i said it . oh gawd . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9BoyyaSjPY ' one must imagine sisyphus happy . ' what is the purpose in not asking it ? how can something which doesn't exist be healthy or unhealthy ? ;p i would think more social people of any type are more likely to engage with higher frequency offline , and less frequency online . i ... i was thinking about traffic today , while in traffic , and realized something about the nature of traffic phase changes . in a free flowing environment , drivers are constantly passing slower ... you definitely opened my eyes with that story about the people who ' righteously ' regulate faster drivers . ugh , it still makes me feel gross . yeah , that's true enough . maybe i will never get to see the efficient road of the future , but with time i'm sure it will become totally unheard of to actually drive your own car . maybe even illegal ? ... ' hold holy your highest hope . do not throw away the hero in your soul . ' - nietzsche words for all the road ragers to live by . not to nitpick , but you can definitely shame / intimidate other drivers ... the thread has veered from highway flow efficiency into city planning , etc . which is fine , the discussion is for the community as well . i don't think there's anything wrong with this , so long ... dark souls franchise . the standard pve isn't that hard , but it's a lot harder than most videogames . i enjoy that . and the whole dark fantasy vibe . my god ... what absolute scum . i never considered that possibility . i will also try to live right next to work from now on . not having to deal with scum is priceless . in the interim , i will apply a ... that's a cool set of graphics . and aye , that's certainly part of the problem ( the other parts being human error and a lack of understanding regarding one's effect in the highway flow ) . an economic ... just imagine tomorrow morning . i was being hyperbolic . the personality is certainly canned at work relative to other times , in my experience . but as one gains experience , one learns what is and isn't appropriate to most people , ... this . but in nearly every endeavor , you'll have to work with others . adopt the typical ' professional ' personality for those times . which is to say , don't have a personality . it sounds worse ... i think your observations are reversed . being wanted does not necessarily denote worth , but worth can denote being wanted . haha . as for me , i don't think relationships mean much at all to a lot of ... i was initially going to use this thread to whine about traffic . instead , i went ahead and read up on kerner's traffic model ( you'd think this sort of research would be more heavily funded by ... perception can be raised . it's really as simple as that . hard work will help where natural proclivity fails . as will a cool mind in the heat of the moment . mighta felt something if i were a teenager . i'd be a little pissed . just ask again , you have nothing to lose . yes , perhaps that word ' cowardly ' was too much . i think casual sex / open relationships / polygamy are a waste of my time . i have always intuitively felt this way , it's not what i want . i think maybe some people are not suited for a monogamous ... no . this is the kind of situation that is a waste of your time and emotional energy . you're 19 . learn to yield , that is , to not care . they are one in the same . but yes , as others note , you shouldn't ... i always thought cooperation was the best type of interaction ... providing help , while helping yourself , working towards a common set of goals . i find it interesting that self interest is somehow at ... i don't use search , who has time for that ? give me a hug , bro . i usually wear glasses . for some time , i decided to wear sunglasses instead . i couldn't see people , i only saw shapes , beautifully tinted shapes . i couldn't see their faces , unless i got very close ... '