' drive . at night . way out in the boonies where i cant see past the headlights . i havent really run into this a lot . pretty much the only people that know how to get a hold of me are people i like to hang around with . my best friend , i can't recall any instance where i turned ... lol . i basically end up browsing the web on my laptop while making adjustments to the locomotive as-needed . lol . but , around 75-88 % throttle , the engine noise being reproduced by my sub starts ... all time : fallout 3 . i played the shit out of that game . i played it on my 360 and then some more on my computer . ill still revisit it occasionally . didnt like new vegas nearly as much . currently ... my car and my computers . um , i have no idea . i also have no idea what is going on here ... i have to agree with the others . i love your stuff . the first one is particularly awesome . have a da or something ? depends on if im working or not . im supposed to be on 4 day weeks , ... i would say that i have a pretty low self worth as well , though it doesnt show as me doing things for other people . i mainly just get apathetic . well ... actually ... i guess , in a way , i do though . i ... so i get off from my old job one night . it was my friday and i just wanted to gtfo . well , i tore around the corner at the street and drifted my car . guess who is sitting across the street at the ... i busted out laughing at the sarcasm thing . i agree on calling people , as well .. i only barely make calls when i have to . i do the engine noises . though , i lean towards semi trucks and lately , ... weirdest person ive ever met ... yeah , i have a horrible resume . i brought it in to a professional to look at and they had difficulty not laughing . what's a cover letter ? i read lists of stuff from the bottom up . i have no idea why . if i encounter a list i will scroll to the bottom and work my way up . if im looking for something specific it should only be faster than ... it ended up being due to my own error . in order to repair it legally , i took it to a shop and had the refrigerant recovered so that i dont end up dumping the stuff into the atmosphere . they pulled ... yes . i have a list i put in the ' projects in progress thread . i learned quickly i have to prioritize and do only the top two things or so at the same time . its daunting if you look at the whole ... ive always wanted an underground house . or a badass motorhome . both ftw ? ill do something if i think its funny . one time i had my sisters in the back and they were complaining about my driving . i found a curve and started it out all nice and easy , then about halfway ... duplicate post . i cant delete ? well , i can make guesses . on the orifice , there is a screen to filter the refrigerant . but , its not very big . its not really designed to stop a whole lot of garbage , just a few bits that might make ... not an introvert thing . i was at a party last year that had my pants vibrating . ( no , not that way ; as in the fabric was actually vibrating ) i loved it . i dont know how accurate this is going to be ; whats the overall ratio on perc ? i try to avoid confrontation as well , up to a point . too many ! i couldnt even begin to talk about my past stuff . as of this past weekend ; add additional storage to my computer : done | pic replace bad hvac blend door motor on my car : done | pic add ... honestly i would rather drive than be a passenger . even if it was that sort of situation . ive pullled long driving shifts before . i cant really do anything as a passenger except stare out the window ... ! primary battery charge state critical ! # auxiliary battery (8 9 % ) switched mode : disconnected > discharging # primary battery ( 14 % ) switched mode : discharging > disconnected # entering reduced ... yes . sometimes i wont even buy a replacement before i yank it apart and see if its fixable . that reminds me , i need to pull my tv apart . the lcd backlight isnt lighting everytime you press the on ... im gmt - 8( wait , - 7 .. stupid dst ) but i go to work at 1700 and get off between 0400 and 0530 . that good enough ? i have to agree with a few others that i do get lonely when stressed or unhappy . normally im not really affected . lol , whoops ! i have a add-on for firefox that converts all the words on the page to pony equivalent words . for some reason when i use the quick edit the conversions ' stick ' . i typed it normally the ... yupyup , so much yes . if i already have a pretty solid idea in my head of how i want to get something done and somepony comes in and does it a different way all my motivation is gone . screw it , they ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihDkZC5PmiA http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0GYkcmOy2c http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pZ5_nUpOzWA pretty much that whole channel is istp porn . i'd make a reasonable bet he is one , too . too often . then later i think about how stupid it was for hours . yup , that happens . you're in the tourist trap . all of vegas isnt like that . once you get out of there , its pretty much like any other city . a bit , yes . i learned pretty quick as well . my instructor complimented me on my driving a couple times . he had this sneaky trick he would pull where he would have us drive on the interstate for a few miles at ... i bought the fallout : equestria book set . its 5 books . also : plushies ! http://colt45.ws/misc/rainbowplush.jpg because somebody didnt finish cooking it . i think my problem is im some sort of a perfectionist when it comes to these sorts of things . when i shift ' not perfect ' i get unhappy and then i get into a positive feedback loop as my anger makes ... if one is good , then two is better : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E0o1o5W_f6o&t=2m40s ( jump to 2:30 for shifting ) not when you drive a manual the way i drive a manual . i drive manual cars with two gas pedal settings . 100 % or 0 % . im only slightly better with an auto , but still better . it certainly would mine . just because we haven't been able to replicate life starting does not mean anything other than we dont know all the variables that went into such an occurrence . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yxev1gL0ADk sounds like me . even if i do pick up something , ill ignore it and play like i didnt see it if its brought up later . this is mostly because i won't act unless im certain and i can't be certain of my ... all the time . i work on an assembly line and we have what is called a takt time . its basically how long each unit is at each stage of the process . if takt time is 121 minutes , then we should be ... i learned from my mom for a bit then kinda taught myself . i hate it . i do reasonably out in the sticks , but in the city i start getting mad because i feel as though it's blocking me from getting ... i agree . people like to argue that it gives a good moral foundation to people . but , there are large swaths of the bible that must be ignored in modern society . so , you are cherry picking it for stuff ... im not allowed to post links , so : vexare - rattlesnakes '