' we are mandarin speakers . he receive education in canada since 13 . thanks bellisaurius , appreciate your kindly way of providing advices , those things is what a good guy's thinking circuit sounds like , i'm already an idealist on many other things , to ask a guy to ... well , that's what i'm hoping , i know might idealize the whole thing too much . thanks , i can take brutal words , just say it slowly and not at once . yes , thank you , i'll think about it . real characters , yes . smoking weed to me is something i don't understand , i don't know if it is addictive , it's something you use for fun i suppose , my question is , is smoking weed equals to showing ... a guy i am dating smokes pot when we were hanging out with friends , i'm a little disappointed , because it somehow means that he's not trying to show his best self in front of me . my guess is he ... : ( i did , see the post on top of yours ... off-topic answer : well ... my intj real world friends always gives me some fresh perspectives to think about , and some intjs are good with analysis and pretty objective . that's why i go to you guys to ... hi entj fellows , a few months ago , i decided to contact this entj i liked for some help as a way to be in touch with him ( lame , i know . ) we exchanged a few emails , he asked some questions about ... a guy i am dating smokes pot when we were hanging out with friends , i'm a little disappointed , because it somehow means that he's not trying to show his best self in front of me . my guess is he ... oh good , my vocation is entertainment oriented . :) a list would be great , would love to hear your personal experience or story too . :) yay , successfully applied a few things on your list . :) how to help entj relax ? haha , yes ! thanks , this is very helpful . you dumb-o-saurus rex . seems like a lot of entj value this trait . : laughing : infp something i need to learn too . the entj i know from my work place ( not acquainted with him though ) attends a lot of public gatherings , i thought he likes to make friends , just don't know the motive or reasons behind it , now i ... haha , this is a good one . :) i see , so it has to have some kind of purposes then , this is different from nf's way of making friends , if i like someone , i would just want to spend more time with them , to full fill my emotional ... awesome thread . two intjs in my life are like this , cool outside , and gentle heart on the inside . i see , so would you initiate contacts with friends first ? ( if you like their company . ) and where would you like to go to ? clubs ? bars ? etc . ( am trying to keep a note . ) haha , cute ! have a good friend at work is intj , just out of curiosity i guess , for me , on first impression , nt seems a bit distance , which worries me how intj sees us sometimes . i would say my intj friend ... oh ... then it would be hard to keep in touch then , that's a bit hard to follow :) because i don't have any entj friend irl , i would like to learn more about entj's way of making friends . and this entj might be interested in you don't you think ? :) this is fantastic , learned a secret weapon now :) like all the items on your dos hahaha , really ? that simple huh .. ? ( search for interesting facts app and install it to my smart phone at once ... ) make pros and cons list then score each items . only politicians could be qualified as your friends then ... : tongue : second vote in this thread for be on time :) this is exactly the opposite trait of infp :p roud : i have an intj friend ( a mom ) who would go shopping to make use of her time while waiting for her friends if they shows up late . she hates it when people are late , haha you won't be friends with a dick , got it . hmm , for different reasons . webcam is not really a good place to attempt socialization . try go to infp forum : ) intj males are quite popular amongst infp girls : ) we are interested in nt , and we might feel closer to introvert personality type . me and my enfp friend likes it : ) let's start a list thread : happy : how to become friends with intj ? dos & don'ts . example list for infp : dos : 1 . chat with infps online instead of face to face ... ( all personality types are welcome to post your dos and don'ts here : happy : ) let's start a list thread :) how to become friends with entj ? dos & don'ts . example list for infp : dos : 1 . chat with infps online instead of face to face communication . ( because we ... they as those who are capable of dating other people and selfish enough to think they are in love hence has the right to do what ever they want while still in a relationship with their current ... this particular entj girl only . they will cheat on you , vatar , no need to think about it ... '