' so where do i find this guy who now has to compare to a check list ? stargate sg1 , stargate atlantis , bones , sherlock , psych , the big bang theory , chuck , castle , eureka and many more i am sure . i own them all on dvd . hate watching tv ! so much time wasted on the ads ! green , orange , gold , blue . i hate running ! i do swim though . i try to go at least once a week and swim a kilometer ( 20 laps of an olympic pool ) . i learned this little ditty in primary school . sums up superficial pretty well ... like totally , for sure , i just had a manicure . the sun , i swear , is bleaching out my perfect hair ! go , go , ... you will always have your brains ... looks fade . twenty-seven , but i live the life of a teenager ... :D orange . i used to really like yellow and red and could't decide between them . orange was just a happy medium . but now it really is my favourite ! several years ago my sister and i , by mutual non-verbal agreement , decided never to be in a room together unless there was a mediator present . in the unhappy situation where it was unavoidable , do ... my name is jemma , although it is traditionally spelt with a g . origin : italian meaning : precious stone ( hence my user name ... i was not feeling very inspired that day . ) one only cleans if one is procrastinating ... my house is never cleaner than when it is exam time ! hehe ! eldest of two girls . my younger sister is an esfj . we are complete opposites ! mwhahaha ! our evil plan is working ! he is so totally an intp ! my friends , for lack of a better word , complain of this often . i suddenly change topic or just wander off . my enfj friend once told me ... you fall into the dismissing quadrant . attachment-related anxiety score is 3.67 attachment-related avoidance score is 5.00 the closest person i have to a best friend is an enfj . 5w6 , still don't know what it all really means ... oh well . :) just made my friend take the test . she is an enfj . go figure ! wondering why i am still on the computer when i am sooo tired ! zzzz awesome ! another intp ! soon we can take over the world ! ! if we can ever be bothered ! define exist ... i am somewhere , but rarely do i live in realm that is reality ... : unsure : i am forever devising ways to make things more efficient . whether or not i use them all the time is another thing entirely ! feel about 18 or 19 , old enough to drive and drink ( not together ) , but young enough to be in a classroom and people not give you weird looks like ; what the hell are you doing here ? me what ? i like ... intp orange ! ! ! which i only picked after little kids continiously asked what my favourite colour was . at the time i favoured the warm red and yellow colours , so i picked what was in between ! over ... at tafe ... procrastinating ... it is what i do best ! finding more interesting things to do than what is required of me ! mwhahaha ! totally bookmarked ! ! ! thanks ! :p roud : marked . wow ! only two in australia ! i think i had a normal childhood up until the age of eight ( except ... i had no idea what to do with the barbie dolls people gave me ... ) . i was then diagnosed with chronic fatigue syndrome ( cfs ) as a ... as long as i was an nt , i do not think i would mind ... but as i am an intp ... mwhahahhaha ! ! ! i am twenty five . wow ! i had to think about that ! whenever i get lonely i just go and sit with my family . they quickly cure me of momentary insanity ! but seriously , i hardly get a night off that i am not required to do some sort of socializing , so i ... my isfj mother to my intp . without her i never would have learned to be nice ! mwhahahaha ! no . i work in a repetitive role as an office clerk . don't get me wrong , it was great when i was really ill and slept for 16 hours a day . but now i am dead bored and need more money ! i have one sibling , a younger sister , who is an esfj . we clashed so much when we were growing up ! complete opposites ! we think my dad may have been an estp and my mother is an isfj . the only other ... melancholy plegmatic 14 sanguine , 43 melancholy , 0 choleric , 50 phlegmatic australian genie ? haha ! would have been funnier if i wasn't an aussie ! a scottish genie would have been ... what direction is my life taking ? what would have happened if i had never had gotten ill ? would have i gone to university ? found a subject that i was passionate about and make it a career ? will ... 1 . whats your type ? intp 2 . where are you in the family tree ? elder of two daughters , and my mum . 3 . do you act differently in your family than you would with friends or about the same ? ... i would go ! already attended a couple of typology courses . my mother and aunts are really into them ! 25 ! almost into the next cat ! scary ! ! ! : shocked : esfj mask . wear it at work mostly . and in social situations i am not comfortable in . helps that i have been raised by a isfj mother , but my sister is an esfj . we clashed alot ! hehe ! 1 ) where do you all hide ? did the factory just explode at some point ? at home mostly . and if you did ever meet me , you would never see me . 2 ) why are you the only type i can't read - why such ... we have emotions ... they are annoying and get in the way of my logical thinking ! : confused : i've had bags under my eyes ever since i discovered i could get away with reading books under the covers at night ! hehehe ! ! ! yay ! ! ! virtual hugs all round ! ! ! : crazy :: tongue : need and e to get me out of my shell . an n for abstract converstation . an f to make me think about others . and a j to make decisions for me and keep me on schedule . :) an enfj . is that a cold ... i only really get bored at work , where i have to concentrate on the boring and mundane ... * sigh * it looks rude to the customers if i stare into space all the time . : crazy : i hate retail ! and my other ... ditto ! i have also been called uncompassionate , tactless , and disrespectful . your result for the your type of girl test ... the girl next door 60 % sexy-cute , 53 % dark-light , 44 % artsy-stylish cute , neither dark nor light , and neither artsy nor stylish . this sounds ... i read the first couple of chapters , which i thought were quite funny . but p & p is one of my favourite books of all time , couldn't continue . jane austen would role over in her grave ! : crazy : at least you found an enfj . i'm still working on getting out of the house without a book in hand . scratch that . just getting out of the house ! where do you find them ? need someone who will love me , ... love stargate ! i have all ten seasons + the three movies ! also have the five seasons of stargate atlantis . i love mckay ! he is an nt . i'm not to good at guessing the types . '