' why do all guys seem to think working out and living a healthy life count as what they are passionate about ? i don't understand . what do they do ? they don't look that fit . they don't think or ... ah infps .. we usually get on well and are great friends , but when we do get into fights it can be really hard . often infps and i have needed a breather before we can chat if we don't just end up ... - i'm still in love with him . all my friends , family and coworkers know all the horrible things he did . they don't understand so i've stopped talking about it , but i haven't stopped . i don't ... knitting . somehow despite everyone's best efforts to teach me it all just turns into weird knots . hello fellow infj who is considering a life in the world of stem . welcome ! it's nice here . i swear the water is fine . i personally didn't go to grad school , but i do have 10 years of experience so ... no one's nature is going to be the same as another person's . even another infj would have a different set of life experiences . if someone is expecting to be loved exactly the same way they love this ... of course an entp would say that . hate today more than words can say . being alone was fine . actually i was happy before you . this complication , confused mess is the worst . already a lot of good responses . i'm currently going through this with some enxxs in my life . do you actually care ? and if you do , why aren't you showing that you do ? i do show i care , but more ... yeah . umm advice ? assume everything is ok unless told otherwise . everything is ok . it seems weird , but if she's an intp just go with what she says . my best friend of a bajillion years is one and ... the last time he said hiya :) i think it's extremely possible when you're screwed over by fe waaay too much . it teaches you not to trust fe . and yeah it leads to ni-ti loops ( take in info and then slice and dice ) with little / no ... what ? don't be embarrassed ! princess dresses are the best . that one is super pretty ! i wear mine in the summer as well . for me there's nothing better than a light silk dress in the heat . :) i love ... err .. i don't get the whole love is not complicated thing . love can be extremely complicated because it involves people who are complicated and messed up . you don't always meet someone at a good ... i've experienced this comment as the equivalent of prove you aren't just putting up with me ( i . e . an elitist jerk ) by hanging out with me more . i've learned it's not my god damn problem . my lack of ... i love to write . couldn't live without it . doing : walking and hiking . running on occasion can be good too , but i have to be careful . dancing is very fun ! watching : hockey . occasionally football and rowing . i would think it's probably true , but i do have two really close friends i wouldn't trade anything for and a few people in the inbetween . but yes , i mostly just put up with everyone else . i don't ... well aged stealth extroverts , eh ? hmm ... that might work if as i aged i hadn't become more introverted . :p i do think it'd work for a less introverted infj , but from personal experience primary ... bullied by nts ? no . that said pushing one's te as the absolute , undisputed gospel truth of justice and freedom for all can be very , very annoying . / waves at intjs in her life . but it's not ... other : no extroverts please . maybe a less introverted infj would be an ideal partner for an extrovert . i've met quite a few entps , enfps and estps and can't imagine being with them long term ... i had the exact same issue moving away and not really speaking to my intp best friend for almost four years . when i arrived back she was definitely , somehow on the same page . we didn't even look like ... hmmm . i do try and help my friends and family achieve their goals by being supportive , but no , i'm not there to fix them . they certainly are not projects . i accept them as they are with the hope of ... scifi and ancient history so science fiction and basically fiction , but with lots of science to back it up . what is your age or age category ? 30s do you have trouble reading ? sometimes . if so , is it limited to fiction or nonfiction ( or something else ) ? i have a very hard time reading fiction to the ... i love dancing . i miss ballet . i miss the movement . i miss the classes . i don't miss performing . ugh . nope . no . i've found people being interested in me pretty annoying in the past . i guess ? people have certainly said that , but mainly i just didn't / don't understand the social compulsion to ... super annoyed i'm letting my emotions get to me at work .. and people noticed . ugh . bouncing back and forth between being listless and full of wanderlust . i think i've already used up all my talking ability for the day with a coworker and i have a meeting to attend any minute ... i wouldn't worry about this . i didn't crush / fall / emotionglomp on someone until i was on the cusp of my thirties and i know other people who have had the same experience . people are all different .  ... i'm a 4w5 as well and do the same thing on facebook . i do put people who have a million posts on their kids off my feed . i don't unfriend them of course . personally i don't see this as doorslamming ... a few years of toastmasters and debate in my teen years transformed me from a girl that passed out when she got in front of people to a girl that just wishes she could pass out in front of people ... i'd like to revise my suggestion ... or at least offer this as a counterpoint to my other song http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3LcxJNe5k4c i'll never be a knight in armor with a sword in ... before hitting the post button i'm anxious and afterwards i regret it . i try to only post on forums where i have an answer-ish thing or i feel comfortable enough to share . that helps a bit , because ... not photogenic at all . ( ； 一_一 ) my mom hasn't even been able to recognize me in some . i don't know what happens . i did better before the digital age . film didn't hate me as much . my best friend is ... it sounds like you are already being incredibly supportive . providing a good space to write in is pretty huge . i would love to have someone to just sit and silently write with . i'd say just keep ... what a great thread . i was laughing in agreement reading a few of these posts and i wanted to encourage everyone else who faced opposition . i definitely want to use this at work in the next ... hmm ... now i am confused . while i do enjoy reading non-fiction , i find writing non-fiction hugely limiting . there are rules i cannot break and i am keenly aware of them . i like writing fiction ... lol . ok well , surprised was a nice word . a few times my friends were in blind panics when i had giant papers due for finals the next morning and according to them i'd done no work at all on them ... on online tests i've wavered back and forth between a 9w1 and 5w4 for a long time . neither seemed to fit right . took this test and got 4 or 4w5 with 5 right under it followed by 9 . though i don't ... i think ne being more creative is untrue . as an artist i find it odd that people are so focused on doing stuff while research and preparation are just as important . although with social media and ... i was almost a month early and ended up being born on the the first day of fall , right on the cusp , and on the fall equinox that year . if i had been born just a tiny bit earlier i would have been ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TISWx3KEOcE maybe this is more of a personal theme , but i think it might apply . i wanna walk up the side of the mountain i wanna walk down the other side of the ... super depends on the person or crowd . typically i get enfj or intp initially . then they get to know me and get confused . though the few enfjs i've met have known i'm an infj right away . for the horde ! ! ! / ahem . sorry wow joke . sounds about right to me . i have come to realize i do collect pretty clothing and i have loads of books . i also have kept all the cards my ... regarding the whole benefactor / beneficiary thing , i think socionics is a bit different than kerisey ? i do think the ni / fe ( this is my carefully formulated plan i want to discuss for great ... 1 . i tend to get anxious hitting the post button . sometimes i worry that like in real life where my low voice makes things sounds serious , people can't tell that i mean well . 2 . my friends call ... i'm definitely a night owl , but i do love my sunrises and sunsets . when i was in college i used to sleep in two shifts . once in the middle of the night between 3-6 and then i'd take a nap from ... i tend to only play social / mmorpg games with my friends . not much of a gamer alone unless it's lara croft or prince of persia ( i . e . super pretty games ) . i agree that gaming is like looking at art for ... 11 quality time 7 words of affirmation 7 acts of service 5 physical touch 0 receiving gifts '