' marinashutup is a self confirmed infp . she's truly fantastic . olgakay seems very enfp to me uwu shirley : esfj annie : esfj britta : isfp pierce : estj jeff : entp dean : omfg abed : infj or intp troy : enfp can someone explain why they think that britta is an enfj ? she's one of the fictional ... 9 : istp rose : isfp jackie : esfp mickey : esfj jack : estp 10 : entp martha : istj donna : esfp 11 : entp ( ugh ) amy : esfp john's ... one of my less favourite characters in homestuck unfortunately . i never cared to give him much thought . but , i don't think i see very much fe in him either . the way he reacted to jade and ... on another subject , what do you guys think john's type is ? his typings have been kinda all over the place . okidoki , so those are the only two i disagree with . maizono , in my opinion is a fairly obvious esfj . fe : she killed attempted murder over interpersonal relationships , for one , which should be a ... super dangan ronpa 2 : hinata : istj saionji : entj nidai : estj koizumi : istj kuzuryuu : istj sonia : enfj hanamura : estp tanaka : ? ? ? massive spoiler warning ! ! ! do not read if you haven't finished all of dr . i love dangan ronpa . it is the very best thing . anyhoo i'm just going to point out the ones i disagree with ^ w ^ ... i haven't watched this show much , but i'm fairly sure that armin is an infj rather than an isfj . jean might be an estj instead of an istj . eren seems like an enfp i think , he reeks of nf . also ! ... can someone explain to me how marina diamandis is an esfp ? she definitely seems like an enfp . her mowgli's road song does not sound like something an esfp would write . her lyrics are very very ... alrighty then ! i'm convinced . i'll change it :) what do you guys think of the midnight crew ? what are your best guesses as to what their type is ? ss : intj ? dd : entp ? intj ? ? ? ? cd : esfj ? ( oh god he's so cute ) hb : estp ? i'm at a loss for ... i think what you said with aranea is true though , that she's an extrovert . i mean , her focus is entirely on other people , and she dosen't seem to spend any time on herself . constantly accumulating ... alrighty ! the chart has been updated on tumblr . aranea has been changed to esfj , sollux to istp and gamzee to isfp . dirk is still an intp atm but that can easily change , you'll just have to do a bit ... thank you ! ^ _ ^ i picked si > ni for eridan because of his fascination with history , and the fact that he refuses to let anything go . it has been stated that he loves reading old books about ... oh my thank you for that website . i will treasure this forever holy heck . i still feel inclined to call her an enfp , but it's mostly a hunch . don't be sorry . i don't react to anything in a way ... a couple of them ... i'm super iffy about the midnight crew members , that's for sure . kurloz and porrim are super iffy as well . i'm thinking jadey might be an enfp . seeing as though i made the chart , ... my favourite characters tend to be ns and fjs , a lot of them being xnfjs . there are a lot of istps , enfxs , inxjs and esfjs . hm . i can only think of one debatably isfj character i relate to ( chihiro ... 80475 here's a thing i put on tumblr . what are your thoughts ? i agree with most but some are downright silly guesses . i can't decide between e and i for aranea ... they both seem to make equal sense . what makes you think that zayn's an infj ? he comes off more as an isfp to me . what do you think grace helbig / dailygrace's type is ? zoella : enfj . there is no doubt in my mind . jenna marbles : esfp olgakay : esfj iisuperwomanii : enfp breeessrig : isfp dailygrace : isfp ? i have no idea . but i'd like to know . wowie . hey there friend , nice to meet you ! i might need a little favor done here if it isn't too much trouble . see , i've been having some difficulties typing myself . although i've known of mbti for a ... i'll give this a go too . i'm not well-versed in enneagram , but i'll give the mbti a shot damara : infp rufioh : isfp mituna : estp with extra ni . why do you guys type him as an intovert ? just ... karkat is an esxj . i go back and forth on whether he's led by te or fe , it's kind of confusing . he always tries to be rational and make everything , even love and relationships , into a neat little ... dirk is a mystery . i have no earthly idea . as for damara , i can't see that fe on her , she seems like she has a shitload of fi . i'm 95 % sure she's ixfp in that way , i almost want to say infp with ... i agree with you about her being xsfj now , my vote goes to isfj because she has a shit ton of si , and isn't socially apt enough to be a fe-dom . as for meenah , i've suspected that she's ... i guess it's decided ! thank you everyone . : wink : i decided to do the questionnaire because i've tested as isfp , infj , enfj and infp before . i score fairly closely on all four dichtonomies ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i agree with a lot of them : 3 i can't say as i can see dave's introversion , he seems like an estp to me . sollux seems to have more ne than se to me , so i'd say intp . tavros on the other hand , seems ... hm . i've thought about it too actually . have you guys heard of thepageofhopes test ? it's a very popular test on tumblr , it uses enneagram among other tests to determine your god tier . apparently i'm ... the celebritytypes websites has her down as an esfp . excuse me , what . i can see calliope being infp ; it's a near-tie with infj in my mind . as for cronus , either works . i vote entj vris and entp terezi . for cherubs though , i feel like it has much more to do with ... jane is definitely isfj dirk is his own breed . an xntp breed , but his own breed nevertheless . jake seems like a socially awkward esfp . roxy actually strikes me as an enfp rather than esfp . ... hmm ... jenna marbles : estp shane dawson ( ew ): enfp olga kay : enfj bree essrig : isfp shanna malcolm : estp iisuperwomanii ( she is so funny ): esfp daily grace : infp hannah hart : enfj ? i agree about jake and the others , but i'm still skeptical about karkat ... i don't really see it :-/ what do you think the exile's & doc scratch's types are ? i'm not sure how to make those posts , ... i see her as an ni-dom for sure . she's very in control of everything in her music . and i know judging an artist by their lyrics is bad but i can't see anything other than inxj in them . i think anyone would let loose on kankri after a literal eternity with him . god . she's sweet to him too though ; i doubt any of the other beforus trolls would've made him that sweater . she's the ... aranea was definitely an introvert : she didn't interact with the other trolls much , pretty much only meenah and porrim , really . i think she's an infj for sure . porrim seems like an isfp to me ; i ... sounds good ! i think that if anyones an infj , it's aranea . i have to say i don't really see it in nepeta ( that being said i'd be honored if she is an infj = ^ _ ^ = she's amazing ) . it's too bad hussie didn't use her ... i agree ; i've never been able to see her as an estp ( especially the t ) . personally , she's always struck me as an isfj . from what i know of enfjs ( i have a lot of enfj friends ) i think them and infps is a match made in heaven . makes me wonder if there's such thing as an mbti otp ? i have a hard time seeing latula as an estp , i always look at her as an enfp personally as for porrim ... i think isfp , she has a go against the grain attitude towards most things ( her tattoos , her ... i figured i might as well join in since i love homestuck (: just my two cents : i don't really understand where you guys are getting jade's e from , i think she's definitely an introvert the ... hello everyone ! i've known about and taken an interest in this website for about two or three months , and have known about mbti for around half a year . being a fourteen year old boy , i know very ... '