' did the thing first , looked at the key next . most sums up to intp , but the first two scenarios were misleading . it seems like i seriously have no fe . imma put the test replies down there , if ... random intp thought : heck , i came here expecting lots of incoherent unrelated comments and now there's a conversation going on and it's awkward to express my ranodm intp thought ... makes sense . still , my fe stands for fetus , that thing was never born with me . what be feelings . why do you expect me to feeling . how do i feeling . * grabs popcorn * for a reason i cannot comprehend , infjs . really . what's the function-based explanation for this phenomenon ? but but but ... ! this poor fish needs to eat and to have it's tank cleaned ! qaq i'd forget about it and let it die . pets that can't call or cry aren't my thing . nor are the ones that can , actually ... i'm an intp , female ( asexual ) and my best friend , almost my partner , is an infj . you , brave python , are going to need to explain to this person what you are like , but you will first need to figure ... oh , no , you poor thing ! and how did that make you feel ? dogs upset me . they're either all friendly and jumpy and i wanna lick you and love you , or beasts that can get furious and go berserk any minute . neither of which is my choice of favorite thing as ... a thousand crystals dancing with the wind , reflecting the pure colors on walls that are more than white ; they are the whisper of the beginning of time , and the voice of those same crystals as they ... mmhm . curiosity . about you are you tough ? or do you cry with every little thing ? do you seldom cry or do it often ? hate it ? don't really mind it ? what if someone tries to comfort you ? on ... not having a freaking introverted feeling function . was it that hard , nature ? i can't even name feelings , man . i don't feel often but when i rarely do , i go oh , i'm feeling shitty . shitty . mad ? ... i keep cultures of fungi and grow plants in my room . not for many days , just a week or two until everything just dies or expands and i decide to throw it down the flush . i also paint so i keep ... futile is a bag full of sand and that slightly stinky reddish brown color , especially the sound it makes when it dully hits the ground , yet remains unheard . pathetic i'm naive and try to think the best of people , perhaps because it looks like an logical fallacy on itself to think that people want to harm . i mean , what good would it bring to them ? what benefits ... secrecy is a thin veil at the mercy of a breeze , a invisible veil , so soft and tender you can touch and tear with your fingertips , and feel it ooze down your hands , melted , pure white turning rotten ... suffocating is that dark brown hue when your head is immersed in a dull heat you can't overcome . deja vu b'aww , thanks , man . no , actually . i was saying , if you were ranting on it i think you would have wanted it to be otherwise . i mean , when i dislike something i'd appreciate it being the way i'd ... i dare reword what iamtp by saying : although i do agree with all of the paragraph you posted above , it could have been phrased in a way that did not result in an insult , which is what is pissing ... enthusiasm is the sound of yellow and blue when they're about to mix , and they're so bright they hurt your ears . eyes . sorry . horror . can't help but agree . we need istjs and their occasional croaking of orders . ;p discontent is that green , purple taste that pills leave in your tongue . chaos . so , i've noticed there are a couple of threads encouraging people to write the negatives they find in istjs . they're funny to read , but not too self-esteem-lifting . why not try this ? you may post ... i can't help but thank default settings for making this thread interesting . it's been entertaining so far . i also am one to wonder why this is filled with intp replies countering the reasons of ... when people say then instead of than . when they write effect instead of affect . the mystical should of and could of instead of the much more realistic should have and could have . and ... when your teacher at university calls religion a science and despite he himself cockblocks himself with a whole slide with the characteristics science must feature , he still says and this is why ... gyyyahahahagghhh ! ! ! * topples laptop over and jumps over bed , then hides under it * ... i ... i mean , h-hi ~ ; u ; http://fc07.deviantart.net/fs71/f/2014/034/d/7/omnom_by_ippien-d74y480.png little something for spectrumofthought thought i could share . ouo / gaaah , that is indeed very tempting ... but ... but candy . why do you have to bring up the candy . that is so unfair and cruel from you . yeah , people get really annoyed and hush you , and sigh loudly if they're extroverted enough . sometimes it's because they want the class to end early , others it just because they can't follow the ... last episode of first season he took a quick decision . although based upon facts , it took a clear emotional response out of him , and although a seven can be theatrical i think they tend to be more ... can i drop here that i think moriarty is a 4 ? nf ? look at the last ep , season 3 . fours , like sevens are prone to get themselves into emotional involvement , but fours like and enjoy all of the ... to complement my previous reply : elementary school : astronomist / cosmologist , teacher , doctor middle and high school : scientist ( general ) , graphic artist , writer , graphic novelist . still wanna ... first time i read your answers i though oh , intj ! , as i can picture the two intjs i know so perfectly in your exterior replies ... the quietness , the need to correct others . my mistake was that i ... when they try to tell you what to do , when to do it , how to do it , all while using that control-freak-ish voice of you shall obey or perish . i like istjs , though . they keep me grounded even if ... this room will be clean when i get back . will it not ? - istj mom to me . - - - mom : so , what are your plans for today ? me ( intp ): er ... staying home . i think . mom : ... me : and maybe going ... oh crap . i must proceed to block my computer after 2 am . haha . you cannot imagine how incredibly , unspeakable stupid i feel . ouo ; coolio ! welcome aboard ! also , you mean professor moriarty in the books , right ? because in the bbc series , james moriarty he tends to behave like an infj , enneatype 4 . drama , drama everywhere . fun ... they're * when dealing with an emotional situation i detatch myself into one of two predetermined personalities . one of them is an easy going form of myself and so i am able to fake laugh ( and only laugh ... if you're looking for a friendship ... try not starting / mixing it with sex ? i know a guy who i believe is xntp who says he likes friends and sharing his bed every once in a while , if the meaning of ... haha , that sounds a lot like ti . he probably does not even realize he could have hurt you , as he's not emotionally attached . he is dickish in the common sense of the word , but to him he's being ... once , in a highschool test , i was asked something like the following . which is the vector microorganism responsible for the malaria disease ? okay , the vector is the fly , the female anopheles ... wooohoo , you totally got me with the title . i could not resist . also , you do seem quite interesting ! i adore lovecraft and adventure . i can't help but guess that the mix of those would be ... ohohohohoh yaaay ! ! ! shall tell her about that , she'll be delightful - - delighted . she'll be delighted . teeehehehehahehehihihi you did see it . oh noes you did . D8 pshht my first salut was totally random , and i couldn't help myself with your merci reply . excuse my french - - wait ... yoohoo ! balanced ftw ! oh , multiple ... i've never considered the ... i couldn't decide so i'm studying biology ( i love it ) and graphic design ( too social , i'd rather take only illustration , but i'm 3 semesters from graduating so what the heck , i'll finish this ) oh , non ! donc tu es vraiment une i ? ? parfait ! i love is . introverts are the coolest . heck , i'd probably marry you even if you're an o , man . you're super witty . welcome aboard and come by the intp ... fredward i thought of all of this yesterday , and funny thing , got to the same questions to ask myself . i like my dog . but there have been occasions in which it's been gone for days and i didn't ... hey , you're an intj ! you could just go on and lead the way ! which country do we start from ? '