' based on your cognitive functions , your type is most likely : most likely : enfj or second possibility : entp or third possibility : estp your cognitive functions : extroverted feeling ( fe ) ... i agree with all of this completely , and i really mean completely hah . i definitely have more friends that are girls than guys , but i couldn't be without one or the other . although girls are way more exciting and i'd rather spend more time around , sometimes i need my ... urban dictionary : enfp just sharing :) just curious : how many close friends would you guys say you had in school and then outside of school during junior high ? i've always been liked by most people , from nerdy to popular . i tend to find myself having a lot of fun with the popular crowd , but it feels superficial and i've always felt like an outsider . they ... so , we know you're type , but who are you really ? 1 . three favorite activities 2 . place you feel represents your essence . where would we find you ? whether its at the beach or in a library . 3 . do ... so , we know you're type , but who are you really ? 1 . three favorite activities 2 . place you feel represents your essence . where would we find you ? whether its at the beach or in a library . 3 . do ... who's the happiest of the nfs , if any in your mind ? 1 . with my friends laughing , falling in love , those moments where you feel like your life is a movie or when everything is just falling into place 2 . happiness , balance , finding my place ( i'd ... i don't thinkk this would go under any of the categories : i feel like i learn best through conversation and teaching others . nothing . ever . period . definitely in agreement with this lol it's okay . i've got total asian fever hahaha so describe , i wanna see if there's a pattern , if enfps all like similar traits or not i'd kinda like a girl who's bubbly , but not annoying / energetic . just kinda happy and easy going . i'm really ... same with me :D . altho it's not a nervous quiet . how would you describe it ? hah that too thanks for sharing ! i noticed that this is true for me : that a lot of it reflects my upbringing . that's interesting :D maybe alter personalities isn't the word but we all act somewhat different when we love someone , whether it's us showing more of ourselves or just a different side of us , is there a common pattern ... oh ! i just thought of another thing i don't like hah . i don't know if this one is an enfp thing but , i don't mind people with low self-esteems , but i hate when someone is a total pushover and then ... well that's another thing for me too ! we don't hate . no , i'm kidding . but i guess we don't like people who are : clingy , close-minded , and at least for me , someone who can't go with the flow and have my way or the high way attitude . yes , two : a friend and an admirer of mine funny that you bring up this topic since i was recently talking to a much older cousin of mine who's in her late 40s now , whom mentioned having to leave ... hah , a less creepy , more subtle version . but yes , yes i am . i'm such a touchy-feeley guy . is that an enfp thing ? i should probably add dad - estj mom - isfp me - enfp wait i lied in my last post ... hah . i meant only n in the family . only np in the family and your an enfp too :D ... i think i'm a four ... unless we're going according to this video . in which case i'm either a 7 or 2 . i guess i'd say i withdraw in the sense that i could become aloof but if someone tries to reach out i almost come out of my like fog and snap at them . i wanna say i lean towards agressiveness . ... even if i do the reverse . usually i fight and then withdraw . although i'll read about 6w7s i'd definitely say : fight for either autonomy or attention ( depends on the moment but i do both ... not at the same time tho ) and withdraw for self-preservation . when i'm withdrawing it's ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONUGotSc2nA thoughts ? i think it's pretty cool :D lol your comment possibly just made my day i definitely either withdraw or fight ... almost a combination . not at the same time of course , but almost switching back and forth between the two . romantic ? couldn't tell you hah . but definitely creative . i just feel like the negatives of 4s sound like me to an extent but that when i get upset , i don't retreat . more often , i act as though ... thank you ! i'll check that out . btw i looked at this youtube video called the 9 enneagram types at a party , ( i'd post link but i can't yet ) which i thought was really interesting , cause if this ... okay ! thank you .  ... i guess i'll have to go do that hah xd as an enfp i know its very normal to be mixed up between 7 and 4 , but seriously , how do i know which one i am ? i mean i even could throw 9 in there . i definitely feel like i have the surface of 9 ... i'm an enfp and i have laughing fits hi ! just curious , what would you say are good matches for enfp men specifically ? what are the dynamics of the relationship between the two and the dynamics of a relationship in general for enfps ? ... '