' i actually did try to break it off with her at one point , cut off communication and told her it was best for her and me at the time and after a weekend she kept being persistent calling and texting ... wow that part sounds totally familiar ! ! ! when you said that i immediately understood the situation . because to her i want to here that she didnt mean to do it , when all i want is for her to ... wow you totally hit the nail on the end with the neck comment . seriously ! i mean i always knew there was something totally and completely intimate about it ( touching , caressing , kissing it ) , and you ... to me being yourself also means coming to terms with the hard truths about yourself . i've recently realized i can be a jealous / overbearing person . though i don't want to be like this at all ( and ... just checking in again - needy , i know . but i could really use some insight ok i'm going to try to keep this as brief as possible . me and this girl have been seeing each other for a few months , known each other for about 6 months and things are getting real rough ... and buffalo 66 is just a masterpiece . i don't even know where to begin with this one ... http://blog.nubian-ave.com/images//2011/02/baffalo1.jpg ... wow this thread needs revived . how about in bruges . a great , well written film that actually won the bafta for best original screenplay . check this scene out ! ... since infps are stereotypically sensitive and reserved i think people expect us to be empowered by gooey sentiment . not at all . the song i'm going to start off with is rise above by black flag . ... to die would be an awfully big adventure - peter pan you make a good point . but i guess it depends what you view as being better or worse . to me the ultimate goal isn't extending a meaningless existence . some people do find meaning in it all without ... it has nothing to do with if you originally said we conform or not . you originally contrasted living in a small community with living in the norm american society by saying the pressure of ... no , never read it . but i checked it out on wiki and seems like a good read . i'll check it out ! thank you sir . oh , and nice avatar ! this would sharpen you up and make you ready for a bit of ... good movie android . i'm normally not a spielberg fan , but i did like munich . okay , but if conforming is lessening of freedom then i still do that everyday , along with everyone else . it's not like you don't conform if you're not in a small town . as humans we instinctively ... recently found this nice tune , paint the moon by the czars . i had a dream last night , a nightmare to be exact . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G1r7LSDum_E reduction of freedom , in what sense ? i don't want to sound rude but what experience are you speaking from ? freedom can be defined in a couple of ways , not just how it is defined in america . ... i used to think that since mankind lived for supposedly millions of years without ever using medication , why would i need it now ? but i realized things have changed dramatically . the difference ... i believe i have social anxiety myself , and the reason i cease to be treated is the exact same reason you are stating . i myself have tried other methods [ self-help , meditation ] and worked for a bit ... hipster joke of the day : crazy : - - - q : how many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb ? a : it's a really obscure number , you've probably never heard of it . - - - uh oh another ff fan ! see i think the stereotypical hipster reaction would be to get mad when people discover and indie that you like . and be all mad like i found them first or some bs . music is ... profile pei : crazy : even if i could be so courageous , i would feel weird with people being here . they would wonder why and who i'm skyping with , my roommates that is . more - me .. skype ? but i'm too shy ... hence why i hide on this forum and have hardly any connections to the real world . haha yes i think we can all agree with that . i hope my comments don't offend anyone . i'm not claiming to be better than anyone , or that being a hipster means you are any less . in fact i think ... of course i love many indie bands [ fleet foxes obviously ] . the indie music movement paired with file-sharing is , to me of course , more about people discovering quality music instead of being force ... i don't consider myself someone who gets walked over though . rather i have this constant feeling that people are trying to walk all over me and i often retaliate by holding grudges or by being cold ... simple ... girls there's so many threads about it already - the struggle of the infp men infp males unite ! i guess my problem is the social stereotype that men are supposed to be go-getters and women docile and waiting . in my experience whether a girl is extroverted or introverted , she prefers a guy who ... hahah there's no way you watched that in class ... right ! ? wow awesome thread that i must have missed from being away ... that being said i only read 2 pages and my imagination was already tingling with sensation . i've recently tried to denounce my ... haha , i like .. - well sir , you are cowardly son of a bitch ! you just shot an unarmed man ! - well , he should have armed himself then if he's going to decorate his saloon with my friend . oh ! and i don't think i've seen anyone mention the comedy sideways ( 2004 ) directed by alexander payne . i may be a little biased with my choices as this one is also one of my all-time favorite ... any infps like westerns ? i have been fond of westerns since i was a kid . mostly the violent spaghetti westerns and anything with clint eastwood . if there are any western fans on here i would ... like those lists ! does anyone elses favorite films change pretty much everyday ? what's your top five ? my top five films at the moment would have to be the following : 1 . lawrence of arabia ( 1962 ) ... i'm in the same position . i wouldn't say it's an infp thing so much as it is a thing for people who are severely introverted . for me it's just that i enjoy myself more when i'm alone . throw other ... i don't know how someone can become a vip member in one month . i mean i've been a member for nearly 2 years and still have less than 300 posts . there must be some seriously social infps on here . a lot of infps have recommended pan's labyrinth in the past , and i have to say i really didn't enjoy it so much . that being said i suppose i can see why people like it , there just wasn't anything in ... my top 5 films : 1 ) apocalypse now ( 1979 ) http://img.listal.com/image/1516055/600full-apocalypse-now-screenshot.jpg 2 ) lawrence of arabia ( 1962 ) ... five favorite films : apocalypse now ( 1979 ) lawrence of arabia ( 1962 ) the royal tenenbaums ( 2001 ) blade runner ( 1982 ) star trek ( 2009 ) fleet foxes 2nd studio album , helplessness blues , coming out may 3rd this year ! ! yay ! here's the title track , which is also available for free download on their website ! : ... ryan gosling in time traveling with strangers or how bach saved my life one film that i feel deserved a mention was polanski's the ghost writer . a rare mystery / noir gem that you rarely find these days . action and action / comedy tend to drive the hollywood machine , so it ... who but j . s . bach ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hZ9qWpa2rIg hmm .. this thread is being dominated by females ... how did i not see this coming ? ? : cool : haha i agree they look quite funny : crazy : i actually don't wear them to be fashionable , i wear them because i am a barefoot runner and wearing vibram fivefinger's promotes running with a ... 10 nominees for best picture again this year ... definitely a year with many deserving films ( even more so than last year in my opinion ) . last year's ceremony stretched to create such a long list , but ... '