' come to think of it ... that expression , throwing my two cents in doesn't make a huge amount of sense when used with its current definition . when you share your knowledge , you generally don't lose ... ehh , i generally don't think all that much of them whether they're male or female ( infps , i mean , not infp men only - although it wouldn't make sense that way either because you specified infp men ) ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AjxCA11tEgc&index=12&list=PLU0Er-tQfTmGEZ-LJ4Is0ZXuGx2jXCoFr i often have unintended facial expressions ( i . e . suddenly grinning while walking when moments earlier i had a deadpan expression ) . often , i look like i'm trying to suppress a grin ( which i usually ... ahem ... - sounds like you have experience - entjs sound like they would be pretty bossy . the ones i know like to take control of situations sometimes . i'm not sure how that would fit into intp's free ... kitties ftw ! although my poodle is pretty cool too . you big bully of an overbearing boss :( loosen up for a minute , will you ? ( ignore this post ) humans are naturally selfish . even if you do things to help other people , you're probably doing them in order to gain satisfaction from being seen as altruistic or compassionate , which in itself is ... 1 . it depends on your definition of funny 2 . esfjs are too broad of a category of people to define as funny or not funny . in any case , refer to # 1 . worst movies ? the percy jackson and the olympians movies . i don't watch movies that often , but those movies were just grievous . iaokim whoa , we posted at the exact same time ! how unlikely is that ? considering that there are hundreds of people ( maybe even more ) on this forum ... well ... most people just stop welcoming others because it's too much work . nobody cared about my intro either , or about ... well ... maybe we don't want to think about boring business all the time . maybe most of us just like to be able to think in peace . we can still contribute to society that way by sharing our ideas when ... ti : doing most of your thinking inside your head instead of writing it down or sharing it with the external world te : writing or otherwise displaying your thought process instead of just thinking ... 359338 ( ignore this post ) most intps are naturally pessimistic , including me . we like to prepare for worst case scenarios and point out the worst things about ourselves in order to avoid being disappointed in some way . when ... puella magi madoka magica ( i've only watched eight animes so far so not sure if i might get a new favorite . higurashi comes pretty close . ) i like pretending to be a strange person when people that don't know me text me , and i also like saying absurd / random things . i think i qualify for a mischievous person . my best friend is an infp ( turbulent , if you care about that ) . it seems common for intps to have infx or entp friends . intx type most likely to play card games ? itnp-slow burn these annihilate their personalities with their razor brains , and can get into j / p spirals that can lead to madness and suicide . i don't like the sound of that ... it's not that intps are more feeling than feelers . i think the reason they come off that way is because they have less control over their emotions ( mostly ) than feelers , so their emotions display ... extroverts are believed to be empty headed and focused on shallow things . stereotype , but a sadly prevalent one . introverts tend to think that this stereotype holds true for all extroverts , and ... - i get nervous about talking to people to the point that i worry that i can't even say words right . - i sometimes just want a hug . - i'm not as unselfish as i would like to be . - i have no idea how ... http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/BewareTheNiceOnes i never said i used ni . i'm not good at using it either . my predictive abilities aren't that good and i think that seeing all the possibilities of something is easier for me than focusing on trends ... really ? for me , fi users are what really strike me as irritating ( certain ones , that is ) . for some reason , in my mind fi is more prone to selfishness than fe because fi focuses on one's own feelings ... i already knew about all of the situations in the video , but the video explained them better than wikipedia . this is not nonsense - it's entertaining logic in a can . thank you . hmm , i like theories , but i also like reality . if you know anything about fandoms , then you could say that i prefer canon based fan work to alternate universe based work , even though i might find the ... well there is always fe too . if you don't prefer ne , then perhaps you do more fe or te . i don't know if te is exactly in the way you described . more than anything else , it established deduction from ... to find out what i extrovert , do i have to do more research on cognitive functions and see which extroverted functions i use more often than the others ? as for te , i found that it bases itself on ... i can imagine all the possibilities to a given situation , but usually they don't overwhelm me . y = undefined already did both . the test says that i'm intp , but when i study the cognitive ... first of all , i apologize if this is in the wrong forum . second , i have a question about my mbti type . i cannot seem to figure out whether i am istj or intp . i looked at the profiles of both on ... cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 16.4 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) ... the title might be confusing , so i apologize for that . what i'm asking is , do intps have some sort of ability to empathize other people's pain ? for example , when i see somebody cut themselves ... hypocrites people who talk behind your back people who blame you for everything people who ask you why you don't ever smile ( it's because you're in my life . _ . ) people who are narrow minded and ... brute force and emotional appeals are legitimate and reasonable ways of winning over people during an argument . since i can't quote on my phone for some reason , i'll just say that all of your responses were good ( and i can relate to them , too - especially on the fe related ones and the ones that say that you ... the title is basically what i'm asking . all the feelers around you are crying about spilled milk , while you just sit there laughing quietly to yourself . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bmEv2-3VJyM most of the time , we don't lie because we simply don't see the point of it . as for myself , i only lie when it's absolutely necessary . other times , i tell the truth because lying conflicts with my ... i can perform small talk , but it drains my energy . acts is pretty much the essential part of that question . mbti is a measure of personality , so the way you look doesn't have much to do with your mbti type . people who think they're entitled to anything , especially an ignorant opinion . i prefer to lay on my bed and think , or go onto the internet , surfing around my interests and learning new trivia that's probably useless . as cliché as it sounds , the possibility that tomorrow might be better motivates me . what defines which level something is on ? [ / quote ] i guess that the person you quoted from is saying that he / she doesn't think that animals have the same mental capacity as humans to understand ... '