' it's about that time where i'm going to start repeating myself to you , and i have neither the patience or care to put myself through that . scribbling on a piece of paper has nothing to do with ... i only know one entj , but we get along pretty well . the exception is when they shadow function to an isfp . then they become pretty annoying . i already told you you were right ( albeit , sarcastically and condescendingly ) and said two times now that i'm oppressing f types feelings ( albeit , sarcastically and condescendingly ) . since that ... oh no . how dare we force you to do actual research and gain some actual knowledge on a subject . you must be so oppressed . but no . no one is forcing you to bookmark anything , or explain anything to ... subjectivity is fine if it can support itself to the end argument . just because i don't feel obligated to accept your argument as well thought-out and valid because it's mostly if not all subjective ... no , though ? it really isn't the same at all , regardless of what * you * feel is legit . i ... wasn't psychoanalyzing you at all ? ? i was pointing out a fact . your argument was subjective , and so is ... this is incredibly typist and i refuse to have any involvement in your discrimination . blocked . reported . uninvited to my birthday . uninvited to my wedding . i am an admitted ass and i fully agree . i just wanted to see what other people had to say . however , i think your discrimination against comic sans earlier was unforgivable . i will have to report ... this is probably the single most offensive statement i've read in a while . really , really bad comparison there . otherwise , f type men are not discriminated against for being f since society treats ... i agree . i mean , there's obviously those that truly do not fit their type . but many people tend to forget that t types can feel and that f types can think - too - outside of joking , so i can see ... apparently . i'm honestly not sure - that's why i'm asking . i have an idea of what it is , but it seems too stupid to be a real thing . or at least something to get so highly upset over and to go ... if i'm honest about why i made this thread asking about typism : apparently a joke i made regarding nts was deemed as typism , although neither insulting nor complimenting nts . my fellow nt ... apparently typism is something you can get infracted for here on perc . i wanted to know if other people seriously consider typism a real thing and if people get legitimately upset over jokes ... as an sj , i neither believe in god nor am i a patriot . i also couldn't care less if you're not organized and / or not rule-abiding , so long as i am not involved . what you're asking seems to be targeted ... some people say that t types don't have feelings ( we actually don't have feelings ) . you can't raise a child to be a specific way like that . that's not how life works . whether you try to influence it or not , the child will ultimately develop their own independent thought processes ... i mistyped as infj when i first took the test in 10th grade . i didn't find out i was istj until august of this year when a friend read the test over to me . i was pretty good with all subjects , if i'm honest . it was incredibly rare for me to get a c - especially as an overall grade . however , i somehow had struggles with science consistently throughout ... when i exhibit more p habits and ideas as opposed to j habits and ideas . also when i become increasingly extroverted when it comes to friends . the only things separating me from being istp is the ... when you're apparently monotone even when you're trying not to be ... you can't raise a baby to become a certain way especially considering they're not even your baby and will ultimately develop an independent thought process just like any other human being . i'm sure ... nt types are definitely the most overrated . there have been too many times where i have seen mistyped nts - the majority of them actually being nfs . a lot of the stigma seems to stem from the ... u havn a giggl ther m8 1 : what's your mbti type ? istj 2 : what's your gender ? vagina 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? my dad is intj and my mom is esfj , too . my aunt ( dad's sister ) is isfx . i have a 15 year old brother but i have no idea and can't be bothered . about how much of a fool my composition prof is . nothing specific , just in general . hey now . png we're practically the same person perhaps : kitteh : www ( . ) flickr ( . ) com / photos / alexan ... re -2014-12- 06 / why ya tity drawn ? '