' thanks for your response . i notice your status says dating . do you mind if i ask what type he is or what type you think he is and how it's going ? you can find individuals of various types that might like / dislike you . however political correctness aside , if we are generalising , i think theoretically an intj with a tolerance of extraversion ... bullying is a real problem . only people who have experienced it's cruelty and maliciousness know full well how painful it can be . it should not be treated as a run of the mill sort of ... first of all , welcome to perc . second of all , if you are an infp your dominant function would be fi . there is no greater sensitive function than this one . it won't just look at what the ... definitely not affectionate . the f in fi is directed inward . bit by bit i'll open up with a few close circle of people i care about . even then , an arms length is just fine as boundaries are ... unhealthy maybe these guys are introverted too and by the following rationale they are equally unlikely to make a move istp this is proof of this . this was part of his interview with that muslim journalist . from what i saw , the journalist actually did better than his other religious contemporaries . although ... entj . no seriously probably , xsfp . this has probably been done before , but i couldn't be bothered to fish it out . so richard dawkins . what type is he ? i propose intx . of that much i feel certain . not sure about p / j . ... a troll amongst trolls . but there is stuff that pisses you off about every type so ... no to clingy . yes to thinking a lot about them . ( blasted fi ) overly important ? well yeah if i'm dating them , but no to putting them on a pedestal , or ignoring their flaws and seeing what i ... intp / istp . he doesn't like to talk much and is definitely solitary , so could be istp . they tend to be men of few words . but then again he did all that hacker shit before he signed on with ... this right here . this is what i believe contributes to laziness . not completely , but largely . because if you lack aptitude in a certain area , then you can and it's like what someone else ... definitely not attracted to entj's in the romantic sense . the polarization of this pair is way to draining . not because they steam roll . but it takes way too much damn effort to bridge the gap ... esfp the star wars prequels are better than the sequels . suck it bitches :P hello hello hello . welcome to perc : wink : this is just bullshit conjecture . go ahead . put it to a vote . your estimated type definitely won't win it . it's because you write a bloody wall of text . put it to a vote . a poll . and see how many people think charlie is an introvert , much less your ludicrous pick , an intp . false . he's had those poker nights we're his friends come over and they gamble and drink . besides most of the time he's out and being social when he's getting laid , so he doesn't need to spend any ... donkeybals and outofplace thanks for your responses . i'm wandering whether to spend more time in la or florida . it's basically between disneyland and universal studios la or disneyworld and ... what are the best theme parks to visit in the u . s . ? please specify which state as well . for me best means in terms of thrills . but i want this to be broad so in your opinion , which is the ... oh i've heard of anti-social personality disorder . the only reason i bring the two up is amongst those in prison diagnosed with aspd , there are some whose mri scans show neurological ... yes given that sociopathy is more a product of nurture whereas psychopathy is more a product of nature . imagine an f who has been abused and neglected their entire life leaving them ultimately ... this pisses me off . the fact that he was a puppet without a mind of his own . it took away from his intimidation and reduced him to an obedient mutt . you have all this admiration for his ... i think se does play role in how good one's hand eye coordination is . obviously there are exceptions . i'm intuitive and my hand eye is pretty good although nothing special . and conversely ... your an estp . hows your hand eye coordination . do you think it has anything to do with se ? very odd indeed . to go to such lengths to meet up when people fly off the handle when geographically close exes meet up , i sense an ulterior motive . not to say he will try for sexual contact , ... they needn't be friends or family for you to mourn their loss . empathy in general is a part of the human condition . therefore there is nothing selfish about feeling saddened by the loss of life ... i wouldn't classify it as preying . it's not like i stand from afar , eyes gazing with malevolent intent . : crazy : and how is one supposed to find answers if they do not ask questions ? : tongue : may the best man win . i see you . and i raise you a million ! ! ! : crazy : especially if the stuff you wrote below is anything to go by . : wink : the statement you made above is the thing i like least about you ... the investigation has only just commenced : crazy : all this is fantastic . i can resonate and would love to talk about any of this . this frustrates me . not that i'm blaming you ofcourse or inxx's in general . after all i am one . but it is hard ... ofcourse the hallmark of an nf . however i shouldn't volunteer just to meet chicks , should i ? hmmm ... : crazy : do you like the clubbing scene ? i myself have always hated it . it's not an age ... so let's be blunt . i am attracted to nf girls . i'm posting this in the other nf forums too to get broader responses . i find that i click the most with girls of this nature . i'm at the stage ... so let's be blunt . i am attracted to nf girls . i'm posting this in the other nf forums too to get broader responses . i find that i click the most with girls of this nature . i'm at the stage ... so let's be blunt . i am attracted to nf girls . i'm posting this in the other nf forums too to get broader responses . i find that i click the most with girls of this nature . i'm at the stage ... now this is my kinda thread . i'd say a cross between 2 and 3 . quiet , intellectual girl a sweet , very feminine type-not a diva ! get on to it . it's fuckin awesome and definitely not talked up too much . death note is the greatest anime of all time emotions are a system like any other and feelers on average understand the logic of this system better than thinkers do : tongue : why ? this right here is one example . especially in real life even if the people aren't aware of type , because type related behavior usually sensor prone is favored given they make up the ... ben harmon : intx vivien harmon : xnfj violet : intp tate : ixfp constance : xstj larry : some weirdo whilst i am a firm believer that type doesn't really change or if it does , then it's probably rare , i'm also aware of 2 other things . 1 . people mistype themselves . imagine choosing a career based ... fi . that's your answer right there . practicality , reality , right and wrong , feasibility . they don't exist . all concentration goes into the subjective internal feeling of the individual ... interesting . i've never seen it break down that way . it's insightful . which one do you think has the most natural hand eye coordination ? '