' oddly enough , i was seen as the exotic or cool kid in school as i was always the new kid . my family moved around alot as my dad was career military . this caused me to be in and out of schools ... * hands out cookies and cakes to everyone * you might want these while you wait . sorry for being so pessimistic . i've taken it so many times over the years that i've lost count . from the different tests i've taken each one always gives the same result of intj with strong percentages . never have i doubt the ... almost done reading the moses stone by james becker , but wouldn't recommend it to anyone . seeing as i have now sneaked into this thread , here it goes ... i'm going as the mad hatter from alice in wonderland . it stepped out for a pizza . usually i take another person with me , like my introverted husband , and make a tour of the party at a moderately fast pace . this is to give me an idea where everything is ( food , drink , bathroom , ... i'm not too sure i would agree that feeling guility for for no reason is necessarily a product of a type as it could also be caused by upbringing as well . growing up , i was lead to believe that ... there's nothing to stop you from having both degrees and pursuing what you think you might enjoy . life is too full of doubt and half thoughts to add another wish i did . speaking from ... http://www.yankodesign.com/images/design_news/2008/11/16/cinquino2.jpg many companies have a work ethic , manifesto , or behaviours that they claim all within the company should subscribe to as it demonstrates the outward view the company wishes to portray . usually this ... i chose the second option as it most closely resembled my stance . while i know of the other types , i cannot say that i know much about them than what their letters mean . i could not identify anyone ... > . < http://fc07.deviantart.com/fs11/i/2006/199/f/5/Heart_Me_by_Shiritsu.jpg and in case this one does not show up click this link : ... just for nyx ... http://images.forbestraveler.com/media/photos/inspirations/2007/Hawaii/best-of-restaurants-03-g.jpg and in case it doesn't work click this link : ... yeah , it's suppose to be a picture . i've tried all three methods for viewing it as well and it's hosted at the same place as my avatar . i've done : - bbcode for an image as a message - linking ... made a little thread here as my signature does not appear to be showing . feel free to also test yours here to . yes , that's what i meant . thank you . i've had hellsing suggested before , we just haven't gotten around to it yet . maybe once we finish / tire of bleach . with regards to l . i . l . y . cat , it's ... i've watched too many over the years to name them all , but here are few that i've enjoyed or am enjoying : bleach ( currently on the story arc after the bouts and it's going okay ) blood + cowboy ... i'm often told my handwritting is easy to read and people often want me to take the notes on things , though that could be because they are lazy : tongue : i would say that my writing tends to be ... funny you should say that . my relationship that lead to marriage was long distance : tongue : could be , it would be interesting to know what was missing . i doubt i will ever know what . it ... i think i may have given you the wrong impression capu . i have never once said that i am ending the friendship . the whole point of the thread was to get advice on what to do about the call and ... thank you hooded knight for understanding without the need for a huge backstory . i think you are right in your words about the situation . capu , i think you have made assumptions based on ... i've actually organised our books the same way : first by series and the left over by author . on top of that , it's by genre with the fantasy fiction on the shelfs , reference books at the bottom , and ... i've never really liked math and it has always been one of my least favorite subjects , though i have always been good at it . i dislike lower math ( the simple equations and what not ) because they ... so ... i called her today at the time she scheduled . the call started off okay and she made the comment / query about the lack of contact between us . i explained my feelings on it - that i ... hehe , i am sooo a conscientious except for maybe the pack rat part . actually , i have . however , she then had her ex that she was going to marry die from accidental suicide . i'm not sure if it was out of sight , out of mind but it certain felt like wooo , ... i have this old friend from before i moved countries . she was the best thing since sliced bread and we did everything together . she was also a huge support when i was going through some tough ... currently reading sunshine by robin mckinley as i thought i would try a different genre then what i usually pick up . not sure what i'll read next as i've run out of new books . might re-read my ... pepsi , though when i feel like treating myself i'll take sprite and add a bit of cherry juice ( shirley temple for anyone who knows the name ) . 1 - the perfectionist http://cdn.okcimg.com/php/load_okc_image.php/images/0x0/0x0/0/15414704956997871618.jpeg___1_500_1_500_cb94de6a_.png i do everything the right way perfectionists are ... my favorite would be biology and mythology classes . my least would be chemistry ... always chemistry , but particularly non-oraganic chemistry . i have a bacholor in biology with a concentration in microbiology , virology , and parasitology . i somehow also managed to end up one or two classes shy of being minor in religious studies , english , ... i don't like my food to touch or mix , not even the juices . if they do , i won't eat that portion . when picking what food to put on my plate from the pan ( say mini pizzas or bake potatoes ) i go for ... '