' i rarely have difficulty knowing how i feel or why . i seem to be having more trouble knowing how i feel over the last few years though . perhaps this is a result of being in a crappy marriage - - it ... i am also married to an isfp . a lot of what you have said seems familiar . i have a question : you mentioned that there are things which can be damaging to your inner core .. could you please ... i know a guy whose facial expressions were like that . he was eventually diagnosed with bipolar disorder . i was almost exactly the same way and probably would be still if i hadn't started taking drugs for adhd . i am not sure the adhd drugs are a good thing though they have kept my life from falling ... i think this might be the fe vs . fi problem in a nutshell . i wish i understood fi better . as it stands , i don't really understand it at all . i was just about to remark on how i was going to break the mold and say that troi is not an infj , but it seems you beat me to it . :) here are my opinions : picard : infj . he grapples often ... i am married to an isfp . it hasn't worked particularly well so far . i have , through a lot of intentional effort and practice , started to be able to think and act in an sp-type way , ( or at least an ... i don't understand fi very well , but to the extent that i understand it , what you said sounds correct . i also believe you are correct about people with strong fe being able to easily talk about ... i have been thinking about this a lot and attempting to look at my wife's actions in a different way . i am coming to the conclusion that a large part of the problem i have with her is her indirect ... ah , so i see you've stumbled upon the paradox of my life . i ( at least i think ) am a nice person , but i have such a damn tough time getting close to people . yet i do want to build a bond , it's just ... usually . if i don't , my wife wakes me up . you might need an extra loud alarm clock . ( they do exist . ) then again , my alarm clock isn't that loud and it is on the other side of the room . if you ... i beg to differ ... the thing is that if an individual knows another well enough , or is concerned about their emotions and feelings , then they will not indulge in behaviour that could potentially ... first , don't lie to her about where it came from . you could not mention where it came from , but when she asks , tell her the truth . i would also explain that the ex really wants her to have it ... : happy : thanks for caring , . some of the people who live near me have spoken to the housing management about it and they have addressed the problem but it still remains . i'm just going ... we have seen a few counselors over the years . they all seemed to have the opinion that the marriage wasn't looking promising . i do keep in contact with her family members , but i don't really know ... the basic framework of these problems was all there when we got married . there were many warning signs . i didn't heed them because i just didn't know what i was getting in to . i couldn't imagine ... i have some ideas , but no smoking gun . her parents seem to have milder versions of many of these characteristics . one time in the very distant past , she mentioned abuse , but i don't know any ... first , let me start out by mentioning that i have been married to a confirmed isfp for almost 8 years now . i see many things i recognize in the other posts in this thread . these are the things i ... not all of us . i nearly went crazy because of those needs and the fact that i wasn't willing to be manipulative to get them met . despite that , all the women i have been in sexual relationships with ... i do exactly the same things except the part about people i want nothing to do with . if i want nothing to do with them because i have determined that they are dishonest , i usually watch them just as ... yes . i also have noticed that the eyes are key with an infj . i only know personally one other confirmed infj and our eye mannerisms have many things in common . the biggest thing they have in ... i'm not sure that my experiences with people like that are entirely analogous to your experiences , but i can tell you what i did that worked out well for everyone . i just let them be around me ... it didn't go unnoticed . there just wasn't anything to add that would have been an improvement . yes . i was under the impression , though , that most of the intuitive things that they have trouble with are more social / emotional in nature . for instance , they may have trouble reading or ... unfortunately , i don't have time to reply to all of this right now , but i want to point out that the only things i meant to imply by my question are that i believe highly intelligent sensors * do * ... i definitely agree that the tools that exist to measure intelligence are really only measuring one particular variety of intelligence . i also think that personal interests have a lot to do with how ... that makes a lot of sense to me . the isfp that i know appears to do something similar to what you said . i think you may be on to something here . the notion that people seem smarter when they have above average proficiency in the use of non-dominant functions seems quite significant and probably ... that's fairly close to what i wanted , thanks ! if we were to assume that the description of se would be typical for an average person who uses se as their dominant function , how would one change that ... i'm sorry if i came across as believing that sensing types are inferior to intuitive types . that really is not what i meant to convey . i need to go do some other things now , but i plan to come back ... i believe it was ambrose bierce who defined common sense as something like : the collection of unfounded prejudices one is typically expected to have acquired by age 18 . i don't think you are ... i hate the fact that without drugs that artificially increase dopaminergic activity in my brain , i effectively never feel completely ok unless i am getting very intimate with someone of the opposite ... i have read and ruminated enough about this particular topic to write a medium-sized treatise on it . i think you are right about everything you said . i want to point out , though , that if the woman ... i agree . i don't think the estj treatment would yield good results . i think the entj treatment could bring an infj out of the comfort zone in a positive way though . the entj would have to have the ... i have read elsewhere that there are correlations between mbti type and measurable intelligence . i have also read that there are not correltaions between mbti type and intelligence . while i don't ... i find this interesting and sadly believable . why do they hate you ? ( i am still not completely sure of my own type , but i am leaning heavily toward intj at the moment . i bring this up because ... yeah . i never get used to it . i can even get used to being around people all the time to some degree . noise ? nope . my overall quality of life went up significantly as a result of discovering that ... i also feel that way - - i don't consider that to be too much alone time though . wow . i was hesitant to mention it , but i have adhd as well . the difference in my work between being on medication and being off medication is huge . on it , stuff gets done well enough , on time , and ... that sounds like it might actually work ! how most people measure such results usually guarantees that the results will look inconsistent even if the underlying mechanism is the same . too bad one can't have enough full-depth relationships ... were the results positive ? i'm married to an isfp . i agree with the sentiment that isfps are very attractive at first at least partially because they are so in the moment and driven by things that are pleasurable . 6.5 ... yup . i'm married to an isfp . not happy with the marriage . yes . i agree having had that experience as well . i would say that the drive for ideal love , as mentioned in other posts in this thread , is probably the strongest drive i have . over the years , it ... if the personal things he told you about himself made you like him more then i would tell him that it really meant a lot to you that he told you those things and that both the things he told you and ... interesting . i have had the experience of being loved like that for a while . i suspect that it didn't go on long enough for me to find the evidence that i was deluding myself about it . perhaps if ... i have exactly the same problem . people whose type preferences are substantially different from mine , ( usually they are s types instead of n types , ) just can't relate to what i am saying . it ... yeah , i once answered a question about my thoughts on the meaning of life by saying something like , propagating my genes as a way to keep myself entertained while waiting to die . ... there isn't much that really offends me . that which offends me is pretty much limited to what i find immoral . what i find immoral is pretty much limited to intentional or knowing acts of deception ... '