haven't had time to think . oh , christ . now i want one . just ... we'd take over the world . i'm very open , friendly , smiling and usually chat up to anyone i feel like to and try to make friends or just say a joke so they open up a bit . i guess i kind of try to make them feel welcomed , ... astronaut , scientist , actor , lawyer , designer , tv show host , entrepreneur , singer , politician , pilot , archeologist , an agent or a spy , yeah , all that sort of things . basically , to entertain or for it ... i hope not . wars are going on all the time , but we have the power to stop them . it's past the time people toyed with other's lives and it's time we grow up and realize that it won't help the ... ohhh , this one and variations . * sigh * yes , because ... i can't be who i want to be , because i don't have the money to afford it . and it tears me apart that i can't . and now i'm just ... going to study law , maybe entrepreneurship ... oi , i don't think your judgment is right at all . why don't you spend your time wisely . (: oh , god , sounds a lot like my mother . she seems to be an esfj pretty much , but who knows , she might be entj instead , i'm trying to understand . i hate her . if she is hurting me and i disagree or ... doctor . ahah . thought he might've been ... blackberry is really cool , but i prefer iphone , so i can fiddle with the touchscreen . :) omg , i solved it , this was so fun ! <3 crossing out , yeah . at first i didn't see it , but once i switched around to my other variant i realized the answer . wicked . <3 have any more of theses ? it sounds repulsive if i have to constantly cuddle and sooth them . if one ' hey , it'll be alright ' won't do , it turns me off . like ... i can't pity people either , i can tell it once , but if then they ... yes . definitely . like sometimes i'd get this impulse that i really wanna a thing for no apparent reason , and when normally i'd think about it , it's like something says : don't think , just do it , and ... monkey . <3 i thought my element was metal , but apparently imma water monkey . not hard to relate though , especially cause i've always been fascinated with water bodies , they make me calm . and ... i really like / want to look at people . i don't know why , but i do . maybe it's appreciating beauty . if i could , i'd just spend 5 minutes straight studying someones face , but most people would become ... flying + super-springy jump ! : laughing : cause i've had these in dreams and that was incredible . referring to someone who's right there in 3rd person is weird ? since when ? o . o wtf , you need to stand up for yourself . that's how i see it . you already don't have much to your life to enjoy this way , what have you got to lose if you choose to stand up for yourself and say ... money = possibilities . i want to be able to do everything i want to , especially produce all my ideas , so i want to make lots of money . i hate jeans but go for both comfy and fashionable . my clothes have to be pretty , sassy jet comfortable and warm if it isn't summer . ;D edit : oh , and yes - feminine . wow , i don't know . all of my passions sort of came to me . i stumbled upon them , tried that again , and grew to really liking those things . as for college , it always sort of was there , in my ... drums / bass / electric guitar for entp , definitely : wink : personally , drums and vocals for me . but i've also always wanted try bass guitar , so i'd like to learn a song or two on it in future . ;D ... ohh , goshies . xd i don't know how entp-ish the things i did were , but i was such a hyperactive kid . i'd have to say i was really persistent about what i wanted and was determined to get that ... oh , yess , definitely . very . it must make people feel confused at times . since i'm dominantly sweet , i sometimes go for the cocky , arrogant , ignorant , etc . , but only because i love the change and the ... oh , you enjoy philosophy ? i've got a different view on all that , but i accept that you have some unique values and a different opinion . you must be really into your stuff . : happy : what are / were you ... i think it is a religion . must a religion necessarily have a god to be called that ? nature can be a god too . other religions have various gods at once . i think religion is a strong belief , that ... well , that's hard to say ... personally , i don't believe in the christian religion , but some forms of , say , buddhism , sound nice , if that's what someone would like . but yeah , i'm not religious , i ... both , but right slightly , slightly dominant apparently . hm . ;D hey , i'm just curious , what exactly makes for ' poor knowledge ' ( to you ) ? that someone would realize that they're quality , but be afraid to go for someone else who's quality ? that's what comes to my ... hey guys , where's the sexy mood ? : laughing : there should be a ' sexy ' mood , if any of you can make one . : happy : and how about a kiss smiley ? have a nice day otherwise . :p roud : thanks for the warm welcome , lion ! :) lol , no thanks , max . i'm just gonna go get it myself . yeah . although let's correct one bit - he shouldn't be awfully rich , cause i want to be the one that brings a lot of money in . haha , you see , a lot of people would be afraid to go after what ... aw . : happy : - looks into your eyes with that dazzling , warm smile and puts her delicate hand over yours - you do want to give it to me though , do you , max ? : happy : omg . it just seems to me that you don't really want to get over him and move on . commit to stopping liking him , thinking about him . that's overcome-able if you really want to . done that myself a lot ... hmm . grab your chair a little tighter . this is what i like . characteristics : funny & charismatic independent resourceful respectful honest physical features : definitely . maybe it's an actress ' talent . but i'd just say i somehow distinctively know how to appear as being truthful . ;D thanks , teig & en ! ;D aaah , lol . chocolate candy . : tongue : 5 ' 5 and perfect height . absolutely love it . : happy : bullseye , baby . for some reason i sometimes come off as flirty even if i'm not flirting at the moment . when i do though , i usually flirt pretty strongly , or sometimes , just let my mischievous ... let's see this one , then ... unethical - umm .. no . joker - all the time . no feelings - yes . well , i do have feelings and generally wish others to feel good , and i wouldn't deliberately hurt ... hello , everyone ! : happy : i'm cher , 18 , dying to meet you . haha , ok , really , i've just got a very excited / exciting personality . i'm actually looking really hopeful at this forum . sounds fun ...