' recently , cloud atlas also anything by murakami ( especially liked the wind-up bird chronicle ) the count of monte cristo 1984 sexually , i don't like pain much and prefer to dish it out if the girl is into that . but in other situations , i'd probably sit back and get beat on rather than hurting people , unless my life was ... sleep think die i don't have any advice because i'm in almost exactly the same situation . all i can say is that i can empathize and you're not alone . i have no idea what i'm doing or where i'm going . i can definitely be overly humble , but i find it difficult to have faith in the idea that everything will work out when one has no way of knowing whether or not that's true . my mind isn't given to ... big thanks to everyone who's responded so far . i've gotta get some sleep but i'll be back with replies tomorrow :) a little background : i'm 22 and in my fifth ( and final , unless i fuck up more ) year of college , getting a ba in anthropology . right now , i am depressed . i've been depressed on and off and in varying ... don't get your hopes up ; your slice of the pie is pretty small if you live in the us . great points . i agree with you . as i mentioned earlier , we are angry that our government does not represent the best interests of the majority of its people . to elaborate a little bit more , i ... you can find it on any major news site in the world right now :) having driven up to dc the past two weekends to participate in occupydc , i can offer some insight as to the general message of the movement . in the most general sense , the message is that we are ... i predict and am hoping for many more protests / marches / riots involving many more people around the world . time for some serious structural change . as for the 2012 apocalypse predictions , i see no ... why is there something and not nothing ? also , the stock market . a lot of intps seem to have a snarky sense of humor , but i usually find it difficult to say anything potentially hurtful to other people . i'm generally accepting and nonjudgmental ( except of myself ) ... haha my scores vary . the first one gave me an iq of 132 . i scored 79 % on the fluid intelligence one , which translates to an iq of ~ 113 ( or 120 for the other measure ) . i think i found the one on ... does anyone know of any decent free online iq tests that don't require any credit card info or anything ? everything's going to be ok i'm really good at painting miniatures , as in warhammer miniatures . however , when it comes to painting something 2d , i would say i'm unable to create anything . i need some existing framework onto ... 1 . myself 2 . frog did anyone else see a frog ? 3 . we look at each other , the frog ribbits , and i contemplate the relationship between man and nature . haha ... so i watch , aware of my problems , ... - tons of internet surfing obviously - movies ( mostly on netflix , but i'm working on my blu-ray collection ) - reading whatever is interesting to me at the moment . ideally , i prefer reading to watching ... ah , i've always liked 1984 because i've always related to winston and his thought processes . but even though i've read it 3 times i can barely remember it . it's been a while . i'm like this with ... it's typically a toss up between 9 and 5 for me , but i relate a little bit more to 9 . my explanative abilities can vary quite widely . i can relate to over-complicating things , as well as sounding like a complete idiot if i'm suddenly asked something about which i don't have any time ... 101 % . i broke the test . left brainright brain 50 % 51 % you are more right-brained than left-brained . the right side of your brain controls the left side of your body . in addition ... you know , what i know as depression might actually be the result of me trying to force myself to live with logical inconsistencies in my head . or maybe ethical inconsistencies . but probably both ... you would never have known that tomorrow was father's day unless your mom anticipated your obliviousness and bought you a card to give to your dad . also , you give up on making decisions because ... i really like your style . i bet you can draw a mean troll face . like someone else already said , i really like moral ambiguity in movies since i spend a lot of time contemplating morality / ethical behavior in various situations . i like movies where you could just ... this is me too . just when i think i'm sure about it i find good reason to second guess myself . my guesses about my two best friends are entp and enxj best traits : laid-back , open to almost all ideas and activities , adaptable / flexible , easily detached from any situation worst traits : incredible laziness , lack of motivation , procrastination , and ... i worked as an usher / event staff for a big outdoor concert venue a couple summers back and that turned out to be not so good . i did ok with the job , but it was very tiring for me . i was pumped at ... the only other intp that i know for sure that i've known is my girlfriend's little brother who is 3 years younger than i am . we get along great ... actually my girlfriend remarks fairly often about ... definitely 9 . also , i don't think i've ever used a mnemonic device ( pemdas ) to remember anything . i used to laugh inwardly at people that had to . i just always considered the multiplication and ... cute girl in the back there kanedaaa ! ! ! walk in the door from work . mom : hi . how was work ? me : fuuu every day . we are the same person . especially that last one ... how could it not be ? we just don't have enough information or the means of accessing the information to fully understand it . go start a company or something it's good for making more money . but who created the creator ? ! thanks , i really enjoyed reading that . good luck in life . your post is so incredibly ironic . i wish you were trolling . bill hicks reference ? i don't think you're annoying anyone , it's just that you're the only person representing the feminist perspective at the moment , and so people are responding directly to you . it's great that we have ... did you end up making a decision darksoul ? i took this past semester off because i was failing out of school . i'm heading back in the fall to finish my degree in socl / anth . while i have plenty of ... haha , i do the same thing ! i'm terrible at visualizing things . sometimes i'll close my eyes and whatever i'm trying to imagine just blows up to huge proportions and then i give up . i've noticed ... i like porn . first of all , i'm in a long distance relationship in which i see my girlfriend once a month or so , and watching porn here and there helps control my sex drive and helps keep my eyes ... sounds like you've been reading chuck palahniuk , maybe . i hope to meet one someday but the odds are astronomically small . '