' yes , stop that thinking , you thinking person you . what is wrong with you doing all that thinking about things anyway . just take your blue pill so you can ignore reality ! yes , isn't it time to start singing kumbaya and start making smores ? i'm calling the fbi . this thread has been hijacked by a pair of teddy bears . the noise you hear is the crap rolling around between your ears infp . no doubt . facepalm and infp are redundant . i'm just waiting for them quietly disappear back into the woodwork . it wouldn't be very sporting to rip them a new one . too easy . good to hear . perhaps i can learn something about revenge from a master like you , but that is something i've typically not had much use for . oh dear , was that a backhanded compliment ? and i ... and damn useful tool for criticizing . see how i interjected a criticism while maintaining the flow of the conversation ? an art , i tells ya . an art . that would make sense except that she said the world and not the observed world . difference . but it'll get me everywhere i want to be . that's all that matters ! i better insert some vague insult here - - what the freak do you mean this world is abstract ? are you taking some kind of drug ... you make good points , hypathia . but we entps can create a diversion with our magical ne abilities making those around us forget about our lack of emotional intelligence ! and ... [ poof ! ] we're ... seeming to be aloof doesn't impair the ability to understand others , intj . in fact , quite the opposite . being able to stand outside can increase one's ability to get to the base cause of surface ... intp misses when a comment is earned and not crafted . a person who mentions trolling 12 year olds has that on his mind . that = creepy . creepy person alert ! intp you over thought the situation and came out socially awkward , as usual . hey intp , the intj is the perfect person to give advice in this forum since it gives everyone an ironic laugh ! you believe revenge is more noble ? really ? perhaps you have more f in you than you admit to . thank you for reminding me why i avoid entjs . on another note , perhaps an inflatable dart board filled with entj ego would be just the thing ! isn't troll a word that entj's use to attack anyone they think is plotting against them ? mushy is good to land on when you are taking a fall . always carry an ixfp around for cushioned comfort ! hey entj , try to invent another reason to have ixfp around ... oh wait , you can't do that ... admit it intp , half the time you don't even know what is going on around you . can you say oblivious ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gkexA9cYAds&list=PLVghCsVYjy1oiK0-MYqMF4V9u1Cwc9WnZ i forget that isfjs are mind readers . how do you know that i wasn't being optimistic ? ! : ninja : we may be entertaining each other , but we killed the thread in the process ! r . i . p . criticize the personality type above you ! thread . oh , infp . you disarm me with your idealism , which i find too whimsical to find much fault with . just leave the practical problem solving to we entps , and you can entertain us . great ! an infp wearing reflective bodysuit armor . must ... find ... sunglasses . ahhh better now . infp , do yourself a huge favor and avoid this thread since you're bad at taking criticism . in fact , you are probably reading criticism toward you when its directed at other types . you will thank me ... i want to break the rules to thank the type above me for being a rational adult in a thread that has seen little rationality or adult behavior . naturally it took an intp . other types could learn a ... right ! feelers aren't pigs , they are more like useless little gerbils that you have to take care of . which is not a good excuse , intp ! you sloppy little pig of a human being , if you can't use the language properly then don't use it at all , especially in a public forum where you'll embarrass your ... wantabe entp , that's hardly a criticism ! all should aspire to such greatness . superiority comes easy after spending time with an istj . candy > baby . game , set , match . possibly , but not likely since the framework was factual rather than experiential . i'm surprised to see an intp make that mistake . your type is usually more on top of details like that . i think you mean our ne . our fe would be more polite , so we save it for real life interactions . and this is my ti replying to you . but see how i use ti to achieve an ne result ? fascinating huh :-p [ quote = twitchdelabrat ; 4343792 ] i'll gladly come over there and beat you with your own malformed ti . it is kinda cute to see an infj try to act mean . the inevitable risks of protecting others from life , infj . what are you protecting the istjs from , infp ? perhaps you're projecting your own confused state onto others . infj needs to learn how to let people make their own choices and learn from mistakes ... the box doesn't exist . it's all a figment of your ( collective ) mindset . boxes exist to make you feel more comfortable with reality . think of it as more of a snuggly blanket coat . there's nothing ... is easier to poke fun at your own type . you know them better . then again , intp's are entp's closest type cousin . i come out borderline intp due to being very low on the extrovert scale . i think ... and this is an example of what i mean by internet tough guy . wouldn't have the guts to do this to someone's face , but what a mighty beast he is behind the safety of his anonymity . i call ... intj = = the internet tough guys . would shrivel into a meek flower face to face . the op was projecting when he gave those type attributes . he apparently does this a lot on here . paradise circus by massive attack . you know you're an ambivert when your introvert friends think you're an extrovert , and your extrovert friends think you're an introvert . :-) of course you're good at chemistry . entps think they are good at everything . being entp myself , i know of that which i speak , and even those which i do not speak . :-) you nailed it , arkigos . definitely an enxp . you seem pretty sure about that . i'd like to find out what you base the n on other than his being a smart guy . you see , there are a ton of smart s-types out there , and the ... '