' croatian , slovene , english , italian and all of those + spanish and german agnostic atheist , hello . why ? because we cannot know . no side is better , because both sides cannot prove anything . my choice is to be in the middle , while leaning more towards the disbelief in any ... human sexuality speak and understand = 4 only understand = 6 i cringe everytime i remember how i meet other people . it is a sad comedy show . i can seem awkward at best , but usually i think i seem very detached and bitchy . currently in a relationship with one . it all started off as a great friendship and i have to say that our similar views on things is an extremely positive thing . i have backup plans and plans for everything .. to the point it gets really annoying since i constantly compare plans and try to see which is best . i always score high on aspie tests and sometimes i worry about being one . even if i was , there's nothing i can do about it . i often cannot talk to people when i am stressed or depressed . stress makes me obsess about the things that stress me so i cannot follow what a person is saying while depression makes me think that ... i keep most details in my head unless i am close to the person . i get pissed off pretty quickly when someone just assumes they know me better than i know myself . also , don't patronize me . things don't really hurt me , instead they make me angry and increases ... going for computer science ; intj . i like it so far - it is difficult but yes , i think i'll pull through . happy tears . of course i do - it already takes energy to express thoughts vocally and if i have to do it twice then it's just a plain pain in the ass . the strokes - juicebox solitary : researching various topics , video games also . non-solitary : socializing with loved one . around 32 hours ... procrastination on projects piled up . i'm just passing by to express my love towards mass effect 1 , 2 and 3 and life is strange . also , dying light is cool . i allow myself to feel for few days and then i just throw it all out . i think about the good times , and of course , about bad times . in the end i just threw any reminder of them away and blocked ... pessimistic about everything . i think that i've finally found out my type by exploring the functions . now , if i wake up tomorrow being completely sure that i'm intj , then i'll finally be able to get this mbti thing out of my head . java , java , java . must learn java . i shake my legs when standing , i shake my legs when sitting , i'm shaking my foot right now .. while laying on a bed and typing . lip biting , joint cracking , pretending i'm being recorded when i cook ... depends on what the thread is about and if it really interests me , usually , it doesn't . i wish to do so . sometimes .. i enjoy being intoxicated by mcdonalds . yes . it's sunday and i have an essay due tomorrow . and 4 other subjects to study . also for tomorrow . it's only 2pm , i've got the whole day to waste , yay ! this contained no words but it was awkward as hell . my friend and i have this lesbian thing going on , not sure if we are bored or just weird . few days ago i somehow found my hand on her crotch ... i'm a retard at maths and physics , physics especially . for the university i want in i will need maths and physics as those subjects are the most important ones on it , ' til 2015 i need to know ... i don't . i'm sarcastic and somehow people manage to like me ... what . oh , the feeling of joy i get when people contact me after months just so they could request attention or emotional support . from now on they can go fuck themselves . wantingtoknowall my dad doesn't accept my social anxiety and introversy , i could care less though . sister somehow understands me , not fully though , she has trouble understanding my mood and thoughts . both fail at ... i'm rarely bored . i remember when for my summer job i had these 9 hour shifts and i had to stand the other four hours in front of a restaurant and check in the vip guests , sadly , there weren't ... hello , yes , i have to study . <sarcasm> and this will be one amazing evening . </sarcasm> thanks for reading . message me as much as you can to distract me and make my life a living hell because ... i enjoy violent sports because i can get rid of my anger on others without needing to apologize :D , it's bad , i know . i wish i had the willpower to suppress my impulsivity when it comes to food . it's 1 am and 17 minutes ; i've realized i also have to study biology for tomorrow ( today ) . lovely intp's . it's 11 pm . i haven't even begun studying . picky when it comes to food , i cannot eat the things that smell bad to me ( most things ) . and yes , i am somehow paranoid . once a guy was preparing to ask me out for months and in the end , he asked me to talk to him on new year's eve and i said no . since then he lost his romantic interest in me , smart guy . i surely don't like the title , with that attitude no one could achieve anything . people change , you can change too . nah , i've never had one . i keep anxiety tightly locked down in myself , for now . i do like tits . death not that much , but i'm sure that tits can overcome death . never been interested in it and never really tried to like it . i've been wanting to check got out to see what's all the fuss about , so i'll probably do that . i'm quite reserved , awkward and shy . i don't like people from rl digging into my personal crap , and i rarely allow others to do so . awkward , yeah i'm very awkward . i'm spontaneous when ... when people who don't know anything about a certain subject try to act smart . no no no , just no . don't do that . lovely replies by everyone , i find it very interesting . the idiots in my school don't appreciate anything . i even told them that i usually don't feel like hanging out , that i just like being ... i feel guilty because i could of gone , but i never feel like going . if i go when i don't feel like going , i can guarantee a shit mood while being out and afterwards . lol , that's my relationship with ... so , being quite introverted , have you lost some important people in your lives ? i feel as it's happening to me right now . i think that my best friend is mad at me , because i've recognized the ... i absolutely hate exercising . it's extremely boring and somehow annoying , i prefer sports . however , i go to the gym up to five times a week because i want to get in shape . soon i think i'll switch to ... '