' i logged on to vent a different version of the same story . i'm so tired of games people play with each other ( and me ) . i just want a small , quiet life to share with someone who may see those games ... ahaha . please allow me to interrupt you at your warp 12 speed to let you know it's not nearly so dramatic or interesting . legal repercussions would be unlikely and minor . my driving point was more a ... challenge is excellent . i'll check that out ; thanks for the suggestion ! i guess you could say i like documentaries that are people-based . and have a touch of ridiculousness / insanity that is the world . sicko https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UReMPrjMT9E ... about ... hm . i'm friendly touchy ( as in physical gestures , a pat on the arm - things like that ) , but most often awkward-touchy beyond that ( i like my personal space / dislike false gestures ) . but , i do love ... weird situation : i broke off our unhealthy relationship . he had already mailed me something . before the breaking off / up - i feel he pushed me into accepting this gift ( he said he was going to ... i am annoyed with myself because i perceive everything so neutrally - or perhaps , see multiple sides to everything . i end up not fighting fairly for myself . so yeah , i told you the truth ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yk2ovDeVTMI&index=41&list=PLvy0kOjVhqu1qgB 2x4uf_wa0zjy5pngqx https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ARIr42IBkZw&index=20&list=PLvy0kOjVhqu1qgB 2x4uf_wa0zjy5pngqx ... ( ahahaha . thank you . ) despite everything , i believe people really are good at heart . ( anne frank ) puntje i relate to what you said . i was in that headspace in my late teens / early twenties . i became physically sick much later . it could be really beneficial to see a therapist . in my early ... in answer to the chicken or egg question , i tested as an infj years before i became sick . i do think i exhausted myself , perhaps contributing to or allowing opportunistic illness to set in . instead ... i'm not sure if you're really finding your truth or just being a dick . maybe both ? i'm so tired of this loop . i think parenthood is great - if you want to be a parent . i love kids , but my biological clock never kicked in . i don't feel the innate need to reproduce . * shrug * scook 21 i'm so sorry to hear of your troubles . that's a lot to deal with along with your pregnancy . something i've been thinking about a lot is how i've felt that sensitivity to stress is ... it doesn't have to be the exact same thing ; illness ( chronic , invisible , etc ) comes in many forms . it's so interesting to see the common threads , the distinctions , and the coping mechanisms .  ... it's good to hear y'all continue to chime in ... thank you , everyone , for sharing . palmer - keep up the immune system of gold ! always good to hear . : happy : - interesting ... yes , yes , i'm so on board ! link me the thread ? ... i shall prepare the fainting couch . i don't swoon nearly enough , so i'm writing myself a prescription for that , stat ! : tongue : so glad to hear you've stepped out of the twilight zone . that place is the worst . on a different note , love your self-medicating technique of clive owen swooning . that's the spirit . : wink : i read that and kept repeating flabbergasted out loud to myself . ( it is fun to say ! ) x93some people come into our lives and quickly go . some stay for a while , leave footprints on our hearts , and we are never , ever the same . x94 ~ flavia weedn ah , i love oscar wilde . :-) i've only seen unschooling be labeled and come out as a movement over the last few years . i was homeschooled ' til 10th grade , and while reading up on unschooling , realized that my parents sorta ... i came across this article about unschooling . unschooling : the case for setting your kids into the wild | nature | outsideonline.com if this term is new to you , the jist is that kids learn ... zenithx please don't delete . your honesty is beautiful . i hate being a medical mystery . i wish i could will myself to get better . ... i wish other people would stop thinking i'd get better if i just tried harder . my best friend told me , if i was as ... it makes sense . under stressors ( physical or otherwise ) , your autonomic nervous system reacts with the fight or flight response . that means hyperawareness / sensitivity to your environment ( due to ... in the past , i've had a pretty high pain tolerance . like , i was taught & retained tendencies to walk it off , sometimes accidentally ignoring severe injuries . in answer to ... , i didn't see many replies from people who've been in open relationships , so here's my two cents as a infj female who's been in a few . from your post , it's hard to figure out in what ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPQOi3EQfiE 1 ) a career direction ( point a ) that will bring you close to you heart and breed lots of happiness . but because it costs so much to live in this world , you most likely won't reach this point till you ... if i have synesthesia , it's a mashup . some of it may not be strictly synesthesia ; i dunno . i see distinct patterns and / or colors ( usually both ) when i hear music . much like ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kLkNICTdgc also , maybe this thread might like these blog posts by allie brown at hyperbole and a half . she wrote about her struggle with suicidal depression , and somehow , managed to make an incredibly likeable ... i posted on this thread ages ago . catching up , i feel compelled to chime in , particularly aradella and emerald legend , whose comments resonated with how i used to feel . i kept my suicidal ... you're welcome . so now that you've figured out your type , has your question changed ? originally , i thought you were asking for help personally identifying type through your indigo characteristics ... heya dewthedrewby , what an interesting thought , if your indigo traits could help you figure out your myers-briggs type . i like interesting . : happy : there are some threads about indigo children ... wow , it's been almost a year since i started this thread . since then , i have specifics to add . when i first began to feel sick , i sought out regular medical help and alternative health care . without ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M0IDiVQxZYg deweymorning , it counts . i'm curious as to any chronic symptom that might run through infjs . side note - i get eczema too , but for some reason - only on my hands . jamie.ether , what you said sounds exactly what i've repeated to some people . ( oh , i've missed talking to other infjs ! ) particularly i feel like i'm focusing too much on my health right now ( like ... thank you for your responses ... miss_terry - i appreciate you sharing your experience , the roundabout paragraph does very much indirectly answer my question . as perspicacious said and ... yes , i hyperfocus . * * 1 ) i saw the thread title , thought , oh yes , i do that 2 ) read the post and first response , and thought , yes , while simultaneously running through some dsm-iv ... there've been a lot of posts about mental / emotional illnesses & personality type , but i didn't see anything specifically related to physical illness & personality type . ( please let me know if i ... i also love entps . two good friends of mine are entps . with one , we were housemates for a while and lived together well . she let me have my space , and invited people over in casual ways ( that i ... vocalist , that's so funny - i just realized i do the same thing . what btmangan said makes sense , that our intuition kicks in to make us be more laidback when really , we're just adjusting to the ebb ... so , my short answer is yes . although , as relating to the zodiac , i tend to think of zodiac progression as more symbolic than literal . in my experience , trying to separate metaphysical matters into ... you're welcome . : happy : prometheus faust , i've been in a similar situation before , in which an entp did something that really , really hurt me . i told him that i needed a break from talking to him , because i had to process ... '