' yes , totally agree with all of these ! i'd say malia leads with se , so estp . scott i'm not so sure about him being an estp , though those functions sort of make sense of him . i wish there were a way he ... definitely agree . i'll always think chuck uses ni-te , making him an intj and not an entj , but i realize that's just my analysis of him ! i definitely can see some ni in blair - - her wanting to focus on a single long-term goal , her fantasies . however , her ni can almost be linked to si . her long-term goals are so varied and scattered ... looping esfp or an entj sounds right . i always leaned towards introversion but he's forceful of his will on the external war . and i'll bite for the intj-stiles . can an we talk about how lydia was ... i kind of get an infp feeling from kira ? and estp for jackson ? malia seems more intuitive to me but that could be wrong . agree about stiles . scott , however , i see as more of an fe-dom . superficially definitely being the key . that's probably where i struggle . it's honestly probably safe to say that i'm comparing their behaviors to things i've experienced or seen . i'm keen on ... well , the hammer , everything in that quote box did resonate quite a lot with me ! so i'm assuming i can safely settle on si ? and attribute my questioning to the ne that angelcat described ? hm . i'd say i commonly have a gut feeling about someone and it's almost always right . for instance , one of my good friends is super trusting and i'm not . i'll tell her i don't trust person x and ... i find it's harder to objectively identify ni or si in myself than when i'm analyzing others ' posts on this forum . it's annoying me because i can easily justify estj or entj and i'm struggling with ... that sounds like a lower , annoying ne to me ? maybe ? the same thing i deal with as an estj . ne doesn't quite make sense to me when it surfaces and sometimes it's frustrating in that it seems to deter ... i don't know a ton about enneagram so i can't truly get into it . regarding those examples though , spencer looked down on that college , didn't she ? she said it was podunk ? so she wouldn't really ... intj , in my opinion . i see high ni and then lower fi , but fi nonetheless . is there any reason you thought infp ? i don't see any ne in your writing , really ? i would like to first say that trying to figure out your type for seven years sounds a lot like ne to me . it could be ni in that it is so focused on one subject ( personality ) but it seems like ne ... haha i guess that's fe ( you relating to what he's written ) vs . te ( my more objective take ) . i'm not seeing a lot of fe in his post , though ? i definitely could be wrong , like i said , i think a ... so i think you're either fi-ne-si-te ( infp ) or ne-ti-fe-si ( entp ) . my main issue with typing you is figuring out if you are using fi or ti and at what length . if you filled out one of the ... super unhealthy fe-dom . yeah . ali as a 3 ? i think she's an 8 ? i mean i see that performer part of her but i'm just not sure she's achievement-driven ? i still think spencer is somewhat more 3 than ... jackson could potentially be an estp ? but istp makes sense . i think he's kind of extraverted in general , no ? agree with derek , allison , stiles , and scott . i could see scott being enfj throughout ... * raises hand * estj and gay . haha i've been out for my whole life , literally since i was about twelve . there's that blunt and straightforward thing at work . i'm not the most masculine but i'm ... so : monica geller ( friends ) michaela pratt ( htgawm ) cordelia chase ( buffy ) lydia martin ( teen wolf ) hermione granger ( harry potter ) dolores umbridge ( harry potter ) ( though i wonder if she's ... always extremely early here , as well . i think the only time i'll ever maybe take my time or not be as quick is if i'm just going to eat with my very best friends or something , then i don't put as ... i agree , istp . i see a lot of ti and a lot of ni . i think i struggle with that on a more holistic level for lydia ? bear with me , i'm incredibly tired and i'm going to try to make sense of it ! lol anyway . i think lydia gives off that vibe of an exxj , ... to be honest , you're projecting your fe onto lydia because you want her to be the type you are , since you relate / identify with her . there's nothing wrong with that , i'd expect that from fe . ... - - double posted , my mistake - - she still exhibits te . she's still very objective and fact oriented and she still takes charge and makes the plan . she's still no-nonsense in a lot of ways . look at the scene where malia is hovering ... gwen sort of seems to use more te than fe in tasm 2 , doesn't she ? obviously i haven't spent an extraordinary amount of time on them but the intp forum was kind of hard to deal with . i just had a gut reaction to what most of them were saying ( which is weird ? ) and i ... as an epistemological perspective , te leads you to be concerned with logical and empirical justification . no conclusion may be accepted until it has been grounded on a firm foundation of other facts ... i'm almost certain i'm an estj or esfj . i just have difficulties committing to either . esfj because i am so not affectionate or emotional outwardly ( though i do know i express anger pretty vocally ... so i'm finishing up my aa this semester and i've been admitted to two schools ( possibly three but i don't want to go there anymore ) . university a : in my city . i could live at home , keep my job ... i just want to offer my experience and you can take it with a grain of salt ! i was always torn between fashion / writing and chemistry / math . i always liked both . so when i graduated i had a bunch of ... anybody watch emma approved ? she's a bit of a variant from jane's emma in some tiny ways . i'm questioning if she's leading fe or te at the moment ! she very much appeals to people's emotions to ... i thought this was so interesting - - aria : hanna , you're not spontaneous . you make a pinterest board before you change your nail polish . totally left me hanging ! stassi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lkk_OopwYtE https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53rut36Imwg kristin i put a short one bc i feel like people don't like her oh , i'm not gonna lie , i'm not sure what those mean haha . i like going to the springs and the beach and hanging around the pool . i like shopping and going to movies , going to fun places or pretty ... have you considered intj ? because i see some ni and fi here :) type 1 perfectionism | 38 % type 2 helpfulness | | 58 % thank you ! :) thanks so much ! :D i'd guess infp or infj , tbh . :) i want one ! i think i did it before too lawl cognitive process level of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 41.7 ) excellent use introverted ... help ? :) okay . i know i've filled out like 3 of these but hear me out a huge part of my typing issues , i think , have been anxiety and depression . for sure . i've had really low points and some not so low ... i read once that mbti was only a tool for ' healthy ' personalities and people . is there a way to try to figure out your mbti type regardless of mental things ? that is , for example , i think ... has anybody seen bachelorette ? it was so funny . i , personally , loved it . i found that i related the most to regan . here's what i think . regan - estj gena - intp ( infp ? ) katie - esfp ( so esfp ... i have the classic syndrome of not being able to finish what i start . bouncing around , new idea after new idea after new idea . it's always been like that for me . even as a kid . soccer , no - - karate , ... do you find that you relate to the esfp profile ? that was the vibe i originally got from you . that would match because se ( 40.7 ) - fi ( 42.8 ) - te ( 24.2 ) - ni ( 29.5 ) . i think those numbers given by any ... yes , indeed , more si ! i mean being reminded of your grandmother's house could be normal . i think what makes it seem like si to me is that you acknowledge that it is different but it feels similar ... when you are nervous to post in the thread because you think that you may post something that's already been posted and you don't want to seem daft ... yeah , i'll give you that . i think i'm a rules-type person myself due to a lot of my upbringing , but i do see that wonder and talking in myself and such . i think i can definitely see it even more in ... '