' angelfish - i really enjoyed reading your post . you seem to have a lot of really good insight into the ixxp ways . i agree with you that i have definitely played a huge role in the whole ... laguna - thank you so much for sharing a bit about your experiences with me . i am happy for finally met someone who knew how to have a healthy relationship , that it came at the right time for you , ... laguna - thank you so much for sharing a bit about your experiences with me . i am happy for finally met someone who knew how to have a healthy relationship , that it came at the right time for you , ... hey friend ! i was thinking your ex did sound like some sort of unhealthy esxx type . seven years is a long time and i am definitely glad you finally decided enough was enough ! i sure am feeling ... i agree with you that he wants to let go and that something is obviously hurting him that he is unable to move on from . i think it has to do with the fact that when we first started dating , he did ... he normally tests as intp / intj ( most commonly intp ) . i agree with you about the timing thing and i hadn't thought about it so i am glad you brought it up . it seems like our timing was definitely ... thank you for apologizing . it really means a lot to me . we were pretty much like a couple who has been married for 10 years . i bet we spent more time together than some couples who were married ... i know what you mean about those quiet guys going off and you never know what ’ s going on with them bc they give so little information . we tend to think out loud and put a lot out there on the ... laguna - i know you are trying to be nice and helpful with your post , but i honestly found it hurtful . i explained earlier that the lack of sexual desire was because i was in an accelerated ... another lost cause - you seem to understand his thought process very well , which makes sense since he typically tests as an intp . he normally does look back and realize that he was the one causing ... thank you for your sympathy and for your honest advice . i agree with you that i shouldn't take him back . and i definitely don't think he values the relationship as much as i do if he can just ... asme - i seriously can't believe you guys had feelings for eachother for 10 years and neither of you said anything . was it really awckward hanging out with him knowing how you felt but being so ... thank you , vitamin . it's really hard losing the one person who really knows me . i feel like i have lost a part of myself . but it definitely helps to know that someone else has been there too . and ... thank you for defending me , diamond & bringing me back to reality . you're right about me trying to change myself to make things work , which doesn't actually work ! ! i know i can't change him i just ... vitamin - i can see why you would think that he is a selfish person . his actions as of lately ( the past year and a half since he started grad school ) definitely have been such . but when i was in ... when i was younger , even around 25 , i was much more impulsive . if i wanted to buy something , i would do it whether or not i could afford it , even if that meant not paying my bills on time . i can ... you are constantly scaring people away that you are in relationships with bc you are so intense , but you know that you really love that most about yourself because at the end of the day at least you ... hey adro ! ! thank you so much for the hug & for taking the time to read / respond to my post . i think you are absolutely right that i need to draw the line . i definitely have a hard time giving up on ... i think meditation helps me to really be in the here and now . also , exercise seems to help calm a busy mind quite nicely . i dated my ixtx boyfriend for 3.5 years on and off and we just broke up a week and a half ago . i have been having a hard time with the fact that i have lost my best friend and also the only person ... enfp here and i do not want children . in fact , i was on a date a few weeks ago and the guy started talking about how some couples who don't want children end up having them anyways and they are glad ... well , there was this esfj and my cousin and i were partying with him and his friends . halfway through the night , they decided , without asking me first , that we were going to spend the night at esfjs ... i get in trouble with this all the time . i am very blunt . and my dad ( an enfj ) hates it . he wants me to be nice all the time , especially at family gatherings . i end up ignoring people instead . ... coconut cake . my father is an enfj . he is a good person , but he was definitely too hard on me growing up . then again , i was very sensitive . i needed more of the unconditional love / support versus all of the ... i will not hug someone repeatedly if they signal to me that it makes them uncomfortable ... i tried hugging an intj only once and he just stood there , so i never did it again . i do not enjoy making ... i don't know if people like me . but at this point in my life , i would rather be well-respected than liked by everyone . most people don't matter in the long run . i tried the online dating thing , but i found it to be very overwhelming . it's hard for me to filter through all that info . also , i have to meet someone to know if i like them . but there were so ... rim , you might be right . perhaps i am an 8w9 or something . i have tested as a 9 , 5 , 1 , and 7 . but i do tend to look very 6ish when stressed out and 3ish when healthy ( which is now ) , which is why ... i am an enneagram type 9 sx / sp and i tend to be intense and passionate , yet somehow very withdrawn . i am assertive and i will immediately stand up to anyone who messes with the people i care about ... i like that intjs are ocd because it makes up for my lack thereof . sometimes i wish i were an nt so i wouldn't take things ( like failure ) so hard . for instance , my friend is an entj and she is able to walk away from a bad relationship and immediately start another ... yuffy , i know what you're describing ... it's annoying when someone tells you to be honest and then they correct you . what's the point of asking us our opinions in the first place , if you don't really ... i don't currently have a bff . my ex-bff was an enfj . my current friends are enfj , entj , enfp , and intp . any date that is very unlike a date will work with me . going on a walk , going on an adventure , anything that is low key really . be sure to make me laugh , but please no schmoozing . muchaparadox , these are not people i actually dated , just people i was interested in . it never actually got to the dating stage . i agree with you though , especially the last sentence . i am not ... you are so intense . you scare people away . i prefer dogs , but i have never actually had a cat before . as a child , you would get bored and run off when you were with your parents in public places and they had to get you one of those leashes for kids . chickydoda , i don't know about istjs , but intjs definitely do . they don't realize that giving an apology isn't about giving into someone's feelings or even about feelings at all ... it is about ... angua , that sounds like a pretty nice deal . do you ever get to visit him ? does he have any single friends ? ;-) sheppard , is that true ? perhaps i should start looking for an infj then . i know a female infj . she is lovely . where do you guys hang out ? ? i tend to be distant when i really like someone if i don't know if the feelings are reciprocated . intjs give little to no feedback , followed by frequent criticism , especially at times when i am ... this sounds like bs to me ... most of the smart people i know are also somewhat attractive . however , i will say that a great mind is much more attractive than good looks , at least to me . when i need to be productive and it is a task that i do not want to do , i get angry about having to do it and this makes me more productive . sometimes , i get angry at myself and i tell myself that i ... i seriously dislike babies . they don't do anything except cry all the time , they are completely dependent on you for everything , and they are boring . i don't mind them when they get older ( around ... my mom is an enfp and she has always been a great mom . i am good with kids , but i don't want to have any of my own because i value my independence and freedom too much . and when you have kids , you ... my father is an enfj and he is the most extraverted person i know . my mother and i are both enfps and we are much more introverted . my friend is an entj and she is more outgoing than i am . the ... you have been scaring your crushes away since middle school because you are so intense , but you don't really care that much because you feel like you are happier alone than you will ever be in a ... i frequently look around at work and watch to make sure everyone is ok . i am very protective , especially with patients . but i don't typically stare at people because it makes me uncomfortable when ... '