' bilbo baggins - esfj 612250 tenacity ^ ^ of course we can be creative , i like making landscape pictures with pastel crayons and to draw portraits of people with pencils . also drawing pics of animals and anime characters ( but i can't do ... mum : enfj father : estp my little brothers : istp and enfp mariah carey whitney houston bilbo baggins first i typed as intp and then as entp . i am good at using ne and because i like knowledge i thought i was xntp for years . it took me a long time to finally find the type that fits . i use a lot of fe ... new photo :-) i also do change the subject mid-sentence and i'm entp with high fe . the lord of the rings : the two towers pippin and sam are so awesome ^ ^ the hobbit - an unexpected journey i read the book before and then watched the movies some time ago . now i have rewatched the first one . i don't understand the hate that the trilogy receives ( for ... björk - joga https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2BSMcVRgloY i only know the japanese original and the german version of the anime , so i don't know how the characters were portrayed in the funimation version of the anime . i also read the manga . i think ... i would save him in any case but only to make him my servant , and if he's attractive into my bedroom slave . if he ever betrays me or makes me upset , i would punish him and send him far away so i ... my favourite perfume : 332073 so elixir purple by yves rocher it smells of tuberose and patchouli but my favourite smell is musk , i use a deo with it every day . also musk incence smells ... final fantasy : mystic quest ( snes ) how many languages can you speak / have you learned ? i speak fluent english and german and a bit of japanese do you like learning languages ? yes , especially if it's hard , i like challenges . i've ... i read to make me tired enough . or maybe do some exercise before going to bed . pink floyd - the division bell within temptation - hydra kanye west - my beautiful dark twisted fantasy the cure - desintegration tori amos - strange little girls https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nShc6s6vrhU https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlTPBCGPYLY now it gets weird : griffith ( berserk ): 230506 freezer ( dragonball z ) 230514 ganondorf ( the legend of zelda ) 230522 ladda land ( 2012 ) a thai movie . it was something about ghosts . and out of all horror movies that i watched it was one of the few which i found really creepy . scarface . the main guy was a total jerk , because how his mother cared about him and he didn't care . damn , that movie made me so aggressiv and i don't know why . i liked how his wife broke up with him ... akina nakamori - desire live https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4QXgIKT53js 221090 isfp pokémon y kirby : triple deluxe i often read more than one book a time , currently the 120 days of sodom - marquis de sade strange tales from a chinese studio - pu songling higurashi no naku koro ni manga - ryukishi 07 i think frieza is intj , 3w4 type 8 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W57iBAfbd_4 ganondorf 8w9 frieza 3w4 both intjs dragonball evolution no matter how the wind howls a mountain cannot bow to it . the chinese emperor after shan yu wanted him to either bow to him or die disney's mulan ... journey to the west by wu cheng'en i was entp and now i'm xntp . ganondorf 99186 frieza 99194 i think that frieza is intj and 3w4 99114 me : xntp brother : istp half-brother : enfp father : esfp mother : esfj both grandmas : isfj grandfather parternal : entj grandfather maternal : entp the legend of zelda : a link to the past redganon ( rebecca ) on deviantart othello - shakespeare enfps , esfjs and intjs first one for their creativity second one for people skills and third one for their planning skills . anything of this guy : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sCRUW1-j0j0 cowboy bebop it's a futuristic adventure anime and it has awesome music ! cowboy bebop - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia romeo and juliet - william shakespeare jin ping mei - lanling xiaoxiao sheng yes i'm often annoyed if someone interrupts me while i'm working on something and then i roll my eyes . but most people don't scream at me if i don't listen because they know that i don't care about ... i smash stuff when i'm alone in my room if i'm angry about something . and i stare holes in peoples heads . i rarely hold grudges , it takes a lot to make me really angry . but if someone overdid it then ... björk - pagan poetry i'm intp luna lovegood '