true , but it can be empowering too , being constantly underestimated because i seem scattered and because my language is never totally precise serves me quite well . you can surprise people . plus as ... i would say with an entj it's more about managing your expectations , they only open up to a certain degree in my experience and to most it seems like they're still closed up they correlate with both perceiving and intuition this quote is just amazing thank you , that was a great explanation of ni , confirms a few ideas i had , disproves a few . much in common with ne as i know it , constantly getting indications about everything , working models etc . ... i'm stuck in my ways and hate change . i don't mind losing . my ego isn't big but i take it very seriously , actually i take everything seriously . i'm just a normal guy , i have trouble with getting laid ... when you have six plans for something mundane and do none of them when you feel that even victory is anti-climactic cus you can't play anymore :( ofc the ego stroke is some consolation though when ... when you're in a room that is so clean it puts you on edge when people assume you're either thinking or daydreaming because you're staring into space but in actuality you're not using your internal monologue and you're not picturing or remembering anything ... you know exactly what you mean but don't elaborate it correctly and people assume you're a moron but then you rise to the occasion cus you tune into the level of conversation and usually manage to ... i just replied to minx , the commenter above your last response in this thread with what is essentially my response to you also . i'm trying to get a better picture of ni so my response here may have ... taking ni into consideration and considering the inward directed nature of it . it contributes largely to the overall picture you generate and work with . ne in contrast ( i = entp ) is very divergent and ... i'm unsure as to how exactly it manifests and i'm sure you as an intj , having experienced this first hand can make a much more informed statement about the motivating factors . my description was ... lol yeah i got far too hyped up there , gotta watch out for entp-entp interactions lol , dunno if i can even sleep now , my minds racing , like my intuitions doing mad shit in the background , you know ... i'm not actually saying there is no forest but there are trees , i'm saying that the differentiation only makes sense descriptively . we are using language to understand this , language is flawed , ... our conscious experience is an illusion that we have constant awareness of , the subconscious is a non illusory part of our existence we are not constantly aware of , hence the differentiation . you ... omg , under stimulationing , that made my day :D i'm pretty sure he was trying to say deduction vs induction but kinda fucked it up lol * edit : plus he's just wrong on half of what he's saying , baaad generalizations going on philosophy birthed science and gave it it's concepts and methodology , science is still a branch of philosophy . areas like epistemology ( the theory of knowledge ) go further than science in defining ... aww , i'm utterly gutted that this question is just another monism / dualism debate so i'm just gonna answer the question that entitles the post as i presumed it meant the subconscious mind is most ... i'm not overly fond of this definition , it's all trends and evidence based statements , i feel it misses the nature of ti somehow , definitely written by a te user . don't get me wrong , everything it ... i make people uncomfortable for many reasons , being smart is one of them lol . the others include my absolute refusal to follow anybody else's codes of conduct , not standing on ceremony , my tendency ... be cute and interesting , stroke my ego a little ( or anything else you like :P ) , then ignore me a little but not so much that i categorize you as lost cause or alternatively just walk up to me and ... how do entps engage in conversation with complete strangers ? i randomly interchange between being ridiculously friendly or very cold , depending on mood on different days . i say lots of interesting ... meditation annoys the crap out of me because it's directly going against what my brain wants to do , it makes me super zen for an hour or so but then i get ridiculously bored of being so at peace with ... in my experience with my intp buddies and my intj nemeses , intp are much more objective and accurate about pretty much everything assuming they have really thought it through which ninety percent of ... lol i do all but the last two , plus i get narcissistic and delude myself somewhat , even though i know on some level the entire time i'm full of shit , when i'm alone and can think properly ( entp , need ... 538393 - my stereotypical entp smirk :P 538401 - and of course the famous death stare 1 . everyone is equal but responsible for carving themselves a slice of the pie 2 . never hate anyone , you likely don't have a good enough reason and regardless it only serves to give them power 3 ... when you say stoicism do you mean true stoicism or are you using it colloquially , like spartan for example ? if you mean it exactly then no , i'm not really stoic , i acknowledge emotions as an ... yeah , just did a cognitive functions test and it confirmed that i'm more intp , thanks ( it was socionics that confused me in the first place . ) thanks , yeah i think intps more likely really . good input . in regards to the energised or drained by prolonged social interaction it is a tough one . around my best friends i can be fine with being ... well , i am very undecided . both ti and ne are strongly developed either way but i can't help obssessing over this . i need some damn closure . i need time to myself and i need time around other ... i think i've felt love but i'm far too skeptical to assume that that was what it was . i believe love is just extreme attatchment combined with a healthy dosage of delusion . don't get me wrong ... then forget my every word , i went slightly crusader . too used to idiots randomly insulting people online . i didn't think that you were specifically referring to me but i thought that that was one hell of a ballsy quote to go chucking into the middle of an intellectual debate . all of my digressions come ... wow you're pretty damn funny . you're making some grandiose assumptions here . you know sweet fuck all about me and are generalising about all thinking types . emotion is at the root of everything i ... charming , trully charming . i knew you were a feeling type before i checked , i also knew you were a judging type . might be worth your while to have some respect for people who process the world in ... i see what you mean , we're talking about it in a relative to other human experiences sense . in which case i agree entirely . it has the same validity as say happiness but imo remains just another ... i find it an unusual conclusion to come to that a human experience can be anything other than illusion , care to elaborate ? you spend three days driving yourself mad by stressing out as to whether your intp or entp and then come to the conclusion that you're intp based on what you were aware of at the start of the three ... you absolute legend , it actually looks amazing as well plus i just read a few strings from their forum and even though i think somewhat disjointedly that is something else entirely very highly developed intuition and a tendancy towards not thinking things through entirely . i say whatever i want , i get to the point really quickly , i'm a pro at manipulation etc . all of these ... i think i might be an entp : shocked : might start using socionics instead well really the first time i wasn't messing with you , it was when i told you that i was messing with you that i was messing with you :p roud : it's fine , i don't care , i'm just messing with you well played sir , i would counter but i fear the illumihatti might have me assassinated