' i love british humor , but i've just never been into monty python . i like the show misfits , if that tell you anything . preconception : exfj i couldn't be together with any t type , because they'd be to insensitive to me feelings . i would probably get along really well with another j , because they would really ... i had a vivid dream about the world discovering bugs on saturn . it ended with them killing all the saturnbugs by ruining their ecosystem with all the studies they were doing . for some reason i ... this thread is stupid and gay . ( okay , just to be clear i would never use the word gay with a negative connotation or call someone else's thread stupid , i'm just saying it as an example of ... maybe a touch of concealer over a few blemishes , or a swipe of mascara . oh , and i love my carrot-flavored chapstick ! delectable . strangely enough , i've always admired someone who can admit to their farts . i think you should take some classes . you might really enjoy it . i also appreciate the beauty and the grace of it . most of all i love when you can feel the connection between the two partners . i ... i don't know if one is born a certain type . that would mean that there must be some way of telling our mbti through dna . but i do think that mbti and personality and values are embedded in our minds ... for the past few year i have been strongly associating with a lot of t's . when i'm around them , i have to use a lot of logic and rationality around them to prove if something is valid . only recently ... pear . i don't know measurements really , but i'm a b cup , pretty thin waist , but i have large butt , lol . i think the stereotype for an infp would be a thin , delicate , kind of ballerina body , but ... in class when the teacher calls on me i always try to dumb down my answers . i don't want to say something so obscure by accident and have the class go err ... wtf . my teachers are always surprised ... i just wanted you to let you known that i read your whole post and that i feel for you out of the sincerity of my heart . i think that deep down you do know what you need . i think that you need to ... love is never getting tired of someone . love is finding beauty in life together . love is when you know there is nobody else in the world that understand you better . for myself , i believe it important to live every day with the intention of bettering the world . as long as i live with that in mind , i start to see the slow effects i have on people and environments ... lots of these weaknesses have to do with being inconsiderate or closeminded , which most infp's don't seem to have a problem with . but i'm extremely shy sometimes and i take criticism badly . i also ... i do this all the time ! right now i'm listening to silence kid by pavement . i've always wanted to be someone's hero . i wanted to be like spiderman or something . i watched a lot of cartoons as a child and it was a sincere dream of mine to grow up and be a superhero . when i ... i'm an infp teenager now , so i guess i'll just try to describe myself . i do well in school , and take honor classes and stuff , but i have very few close friends . i talk to a lot of people , but ... i sometimes watch shows like criminal minds with my friends and i always think how could they be so dumb . if i was a serial killer i'd ... and then i go off in my mind putting together my flawless ... i felt the same way around my close friends . i do have some nf friends i adore , but i have a huge group of people that i made take the mbti and most of them got intj , or istj . i acted like and intp , ... my best friend is an isfp and she's always teasing me about that kind of thing . i won't forget things like if we made plans to hang out or anything , but i might forget a good friends last name or ... it would have to be large , large enough for individuals to laugh and sing and be free without worried about anyone else hearing them , and to be alone and look up at the sky without noise . people need ... i love this question because i never really thought about it . couldn't live without my f . defines much of who i am . if i was a t ... i just wouldn't be the same person . i'm not saying that i , n , and ... i have more confidence when i'm alone or with people that i love , like my family and few close friends . that's why summer is so great . i don't want to go back to school . i'm afraid of people . not ... i remember someone holding me , most likely my mom , and looking up at the sunlight shining through the red and orange colored leaves . the trees were gigantic . i told my mom about this and she showed ... my isfp mom always says learn from my mistakes . more valuable than you can imagine . my enfp dad tells his lessons in stories . he use to tell me one about the story of the phantom of the opera , ... it depends on what i did / didn't do . like would you rather regret cheating on a test , or not cheating on a test and failing the semester , resulting in the disappointment of your loved ones ? in this ... most of the time i'd say i like the anonymity of going somewhere and nobody knowing anything about me . but there is this one pizza parlor i go to all the time to get salad . i don't like the salad ... i can say that i've had similar negative experiences with my parents . though with mine , it usually blows over after a month , and restarts after another month . my mom would kick me out for defending ... drama / romance / horror . i also like quirky comedies . when it comes to horror films i like antagonist that have absolutely no humanity left in them . i even like mindless slasher films , because it's ... one person i really connected with ... an enfp . we were best friends for a year , then i guess he got bored of me . enfp's do that sometimes . this particular one does that a lot , so i should have ... wow , what a great accomplishment ! congratulations ! and i've always been under the impression that most infp's don't go into the scientific field . of course , that doesn't mean you're any less infp ... insensitivity , close mindedness , and insincerity are the big ones for me , and i think for all infp's , if we were to generalize . i've only ever found infp's on the internet . it's where we naturally gather i suppose . sorry you guys didn't work out . it's always hard for a relationship that has so much put into it end . it's a very cliche thing to look back on , but the quote better to have loved and lost than never ... i feel this scenario would go down . et : e . t . phone home ! eeyore : we are home . not much of a house , but just right for not much of a couple . et : ouch ! ( he says this when his heart hurts , if you ... i'm very close with an istj ? though i realize that isn't really the same thing . i think i do know a few people though that i could type as estj , and if i want to get along with them i usually have to ... kinda sometimes . when i have a cup of coffee in the morning my eyes are wide the whole day . people are just like , whoa , i never noticed your eyes were so wide ! o . o i'm just like uh ... thanks ? l : personality : likes to ski / hike / run . shy , likes when i compliment / do things for her . modest and adorable . i'd be mostly dominant in the relationship , we'd have cute little games that we'd like to play ... i think that anyone can get along with anyone of any type . within each type the people are so diverse that there are people in each domain that one would get along with . it's all about individualized ... photoshop always ruins my computer . lol , i gave it up because of that . i'm impatient and i like everything moving fast and loading when i want it to . i'm a little ocd about tabs . i have a 4 tab limit , and even then i feel a little uncomfortable . i like 3 tabs . that way i feel entertained and not overwhelmed . right now i have a fiction , a movie , ... my friends use to be obsessed with it ! i felt so out of the loop , but i didn't really feel like getting into it , so i never did . haha , thanks for the link . i'd want the ability to pull money out of my ear , so i'd have that freedom to do whatever i wanted with my life . i'd have a few trusty companions who i could travel the universe with and go on ... i live in the massachusetts area in the united states , and while not a very infp area , i live in a very infp-friendly suburb . i've been very fortunate to have a very understanding family that loves me dearly . i can relate to you though when i am with my close friends . i just can't stand being with any group of friends , i ... you have my sympathy , i really hate when people are cruel like that . you could consider some defense ? some parts of my town aren't as secure , and i'm only a teenage girl , so i always have my ... i love nothing better than curling up in a fuzzy blanket with some acoustic music playing , a book , and a cup of tea . i'm such a pansy . i think i like to dance more than sing . i'll lip-sing though ! i don't have a nice singing voice so i just don't . sometimes i make up fantasies to go along with the song , and i'll pretend i'm making a ... i'm quite the individualist . i like being known for who i am and not trying to be anyone else . when people try to relate me to someone else i spout off a response listing all the ways i'm not like ... '