' his reasoning was they could do something differently , they could even be better . why would you want to miss out on that opportunity ? my response ( of course ) but shouldn't an emotional connection ... he was talking about sleeping with other people while still being committed to the one you have real feelings for . like an open relationship , but he used the words i don't understand why people get ... a little of both but mostly how to cope with being single . i am technically single for a decent period of time before the next relationship but i'm always into someone else right away ... i was recently seeing an intp guy & he let it slip during a phone call that he doesn't understand why people get so angry when their so cheats . this was mind blowing to me , i explained my opinion and ... i need how to be single advice not so much relationship advice but if there is a mature enfj out there who would be willing to give me said advice , don't be afraid to private message me :p thanks guys those are some really good points , i'll have to give them a try . what to do what to do ... has anyone else felt this way ? every aspect of your life is just content , not good not bad but there's no drive no spark . how have you gotten out of this in the past ? intps eh ? childlike with their emotions , literally jumping up and down with a ear to ear grin on their faces or the fist clenching teeth barring i want it now ! ! ! impatience . i love them , my best ... ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^ similarly , as much as i'd hate to admit it , i place a certain amount of emphasis on my arrogance and ego as it is in some way , my source of confidence . back in my high school ... how often do we find ourselves stuck in an arrogant mindset ? is it just me ? who here realizes that they deem themselves more worthy then others ? more intelligent , successful , attractive ? or even age ... surprisingly enfjs , i recently found this out . the chemistry is the most intense . you also chamele or vibe off of eachother and become a truer you . it's wild . intjs have an addicting mystery to them . i've been with assertive and turbulant types . turbulant intjs are exciting because of the on going pattern switches , i love figuring them out . assertive was ... thanks so much for this :) i've been working on it & i've seen amazing improvments . i think a lot of it was just focusing on mindfulness . but now heres the kicker . im working on becoming me and not ... . my wife is enfj and has some of what your saying in her as well . at the beginning of our relationship , she was coming off a bad relationship when i met her , much like you , it almost seems as if ... think of my shell as a mask that i think is permenently stuck on my face . idk how to take it off and reveal the neglected me to my loved ones & the world . in what way ? do you want to not be cold , heartless , and insensitive ? [ / quote ] no , thats the result of holding in my feelings for so long . im actually very expressive , sensitive , giving and ... i guess i want to know if other enfjs have gone through something like this . & if so how did they recover . the points you've made already are very good ideas . thank you . with re-discovering myself . calling all enfjs i really need your help ! in middle school and high school ( i am now enfj 19 ) i was pretty familar with who i was . there was this guy intj ( 15-18 ) & immature emotionally . he ripped ... first thing - research the functions . thats how you truly find your type . also i have a very serious relationship with an intj . don't let these stereotypes fool you . he's the sweetest person i've met ... honey , if he wanted a real relationship it would have started that way . just basing this reply off of what i'd do i would be wary of this situation . i'd keep it strictly friends or push for a ... certainly ! with me i'm shy if i think i need to impress them , the pressure is on . if i feel like i have the upper hand then im totally confident and direct . how do you tell from just observing if ... my explaination would be - maybe he forgot you had feelings for him ? or even because he had told you he didn't feel the same a while back , he left all romantic possibilities in the past . now he could ... how would you suggest ? here's something i could use your guys's help with ... so my intj says he doesnt mind talking to me and he doesnt have any problem with me as a person . but its just all the drama that comes along with ... lol well not that extreme more like having somebody that is stubborn for the relationship , there not going to leave or back down if you need space or if you have a fight they will just wait it out and see how things are later ... well ive liked the kid for quite some time hes exactly what i want and we've been through so much , up an downs and other people but its always him . i have had to adapt since the start but i enjoy the ... whats your guys's thoughts on stubbornness ? is it annoying or flattering , what does it say to you ? how would you suggest ? i'm definitely more introvert when it comes to relationships . i don't find him soul sucking , surprisingly i actually love the person i've became throughout this experience with him . but thank you . thanks and i know it sounds like all i do from when i wake up in the morning to when i go to bed at night is think of ways to please him , but i'm a very busy person i do many things for myself ... well atm i know we want different things but i'm willing to sacrifice i think . what i want to know is how do i get him to talk to me again ? yes it makes lots of sense ! i want both ... but i can settle with what he can give . it's just tough cuz he used to be that guy for me i used to tell him anything and everything and all he'd have to do ... hi again ... so i don't know what happened with me and my intj maybe it was the roller coaster ... but he stopped talking to me completely except for a few incidents , we ended up yelling at each ... well how would you say intjs express themselves to somebody they may like ? and how would you suggest i express myself in a way he'd understand ? but i do try and act like his friend . i don't bring up us in a relationship or anything like that on the times when we do talk i try and talk about the things he likes and the stuff that would ... but i just feel like no matter what i do i lose ... if i sit and wait and do nothing we don't progress if i do something ! i make him feel which results in him running away and not wanting to talk to ... so what do you think i should do ? just have us go on another break for awhile ... and why does he do this ... why does he run away ? and whats making him feel jealous ? yeah ... i think i missed something ... i texted him last night ( we have cut down our texting time since our last blow up ) i thought we were all good after my peace offering ... yea i was wrong he just ... it was alright i guess ! no annoyed tone ! and eye contact i think it was something that needed to be done :) good news ! i made a move a couple weeks ago i sat by him and just did some math and made it so it wasn't such a big deal and he stayed ! ... later we went on a school trip together and we had a little ... i was wondering if you guys could give me some insight on the differences between an immature intj and a mature intj in a relationship ? just so i know how to deal with my intj and see what stage he ... thank you this helped a lot i don't really think we're at the stage where he would be willing to show up if i planned something like this ... we've gone to parties but that's a couple of hours not a whole day and he just walks ... what do you suggest i say ? or what topic do you think i need to bring up specifically ? give me an example ? well i like cars and football and hockey and the outdoors etc . and well i wanna go to school and make something out of my education i guess :P do you know maybe what i need to do now in our ... well the thing is he always says he's tired of my drama and i'm making the assumption that he means my emotional drama ... so i'm trying to eliminate that for the time being and bring it back slowly ... hmmm my impatience ... once we take another step forward i feel a goal has been reached and now it's time to move onto the next goal and when he only let's me get so far i get frustrated and ask him a ... '