' has anyone typed wannaone ? i stopped watching pd101s2 when it became clear it was a setup , but i've been seeing a lot of heated debates over the winner's type , daniel . it seems to steam from people ... so i see that you're not only insane , but also claims to be a stalker . i'm sure the mods will love to know that . your delusions of grandeur would be funny if they didn't come tied to such a nasty ... that wasn't related to anything you said , i was just making an observation . you conveniently glossed over the rest of my post and only focused on me saying she's image conscious ( which she is ) ... clearly you didn't understand i'm talking about how interesting their personalities are . there ' a big range on that front on the group , for those who aren't stans of course . she is image ... i believe you are correct , and she's an isfj . i have contemplated the possibility briefly twice before , and it makes more sense . i don't know if you're into socionics , but she fits creative fe better ... nooo ! please forget this request . i had that username on another forum and wouldn't like for anyone from there to find me here too . please make it sailor mars if possible . thank you ! can i get fanxy child please ? thanks : 02.47- tranquillity : does anyone have an opinion on rosés type ? she's a clear exfj to me , but i oscillate between the two . while 2ne1 was awkward but natural in varieties show , blackpink comes across as too image aware ... ti > 5-5- 5-5- 3-5- 5-5- 3-3 = 44/50 > 88 % fi > 5-5- 5-3- 4 = 22/45 > 48 % si > 3-3- 5-3- 5 = 19/40 > 47 % ni > 5-5- 3-5- 5-5 = 28/35 > 80 % te > 5-5- 5-5- 5-3- 3 = 31/40 > 77 % se > 5-5- 5-5- 5-5- 5-3 = 38/40 > 95 % fe > 5-3- 3-3- 2-3- 3-5- 3 = 31/60 > 51 % ... i'll try this again with a clear head tonight . http://imgur.com/xgJzI8Q.gif i took it several times and is always far from the mark , i got istj twice and istp once . i've never said or implied all white people behaved that way , i've made it clear i'm talking about if not a majority , then at least a very significant portion of the race displaying this kind of ... i'm talking about the negative implications behind and caused by non minorities , that means white people for you , nothing of what i said was an opinion , it's an observable fact : appropriation is ... the n word belongs to black people period , it's not an opinion , it's a fact . the word was created to humiliate and diminish them and they have only recently taken it back , so the right to regulate ... then the n word should not be coming out of your mouth , should it ? that's great to know , thanks ! are either of you black ? yeah the mods over there did nothing at all to stop me from being ganged up on , they didn't even delete the most offending post which was super shitty and unprofessional . the enfps & intjs were ... my answer will be super long , which is why i'm not quoting you . don't apologize for anything , i'm very grateful and count myself lucky that you're actually taking the time to give ... i blame iggy , now every huge ass girl wearing latex thinks she's bad , i'm just like : rolleyes-new : that's because for you having ego has bad implications , but for men is a great asset . if a guy calls a woman a bad bitch it's a good thing , now between women it could go either way , though the ... ^ this . a bitch and a whore are completely different things though , but some whores are indeed delusional and think they're bad : rolldeyes : not at all , my mom is an enfp for example , and she's super intellectual . it's that entps are more technical about their knowledge , and more strict when it comes to form too . in short , they are much ... thank you for the input , yours is top quality , i was giving up already ! i agree 100 % with fe / ti being it , i know for sure i'm no fi / te user . i don't think anyone ever described me as ... doing this for kicks and future comparison , i'm closing the thread then cuz clearly it's leading nowhere : 1 ) how organized do you to think of yourself as ? ix92m absolutely messy when it comes to my ... thank you for stopping by but i know very well what my enneagram tritype and instinctual stacking is like , i've been into the system for much longer than mbti , and put more weight into it actually . ... now we've perc friends : would you & & mind giving some input ? yes i am sure , i've been at it for 21 years . i'm not surprise in the least you'd think me exfp since to most people strong convictions and uncompromising attitude = fi . i thought so too , for a long ... thanks for offering your input i appreciate it , but i'm not a fi user . that can work the other way around , i for one ( re ) identified with the type after reading the statement . but yes , istps are perhaps along with the ne types , the most consistent and easier to ... sure , but it'll live forever in my quote . ti dom , is that you calling me ? : emmersed : you'll have to live with it : sorrow : based on this , the istp test results would be right . yes , unfortunately . thanks so much for the honest feedback and don't worry , no offense taken : winky : i am arrogant and anal about some things , so no point in denying it , better roll with the punches too . i don't give irrational and emotionally unbalanced people the time of the day , so continue to misdirect your frustration at your poor self perception at mbt to your heart's content , i won't be ... yes it's been years and i'm still at it . can type anyone but myself : livid : i hope we do , good luck ! i very specifically and directly addressed the difference between mbti tests and the theory itself , make sure you read what other people write carefully before rushing to mock them for disagreeing ... the theory is not bad at all , and if it was then honestly , why would you be wasting your time with it ? you could ignore it in favor of enneagram or socionics , for example . bad data pollutes the ... only downside it's that it makes self typing a pain in the ass , at least for me ! yeah , logically there's no way i'm an introvert being a triple assertive . that i can always feel proud of myself and be a reference to others , it might have be due to me being conscious of how ... yes , it works with typical representatives of each type trouble is , many of us don't fit this group . i've been into personality typing for years and though i'm considered really good at typing others , i can't type myself to save my life . i have had several different typings before ( done by tests , ... a dumbass who's agenda is to ruin everyone's time in places like this : stupid : i've definitely have observed that though it can be very easy for people to have warped ideas of what thinkers and feelers are like in the first place . i believe the reasons are a mix of society bias ... be direct , be succinct , be more literal . at one point i realized the formula was very simple . because they don't know how to correctly apply the theory , want to use it for non intended purposes or don't understand mbti and enneagram work in tandem . so they become frustrated and blame the ... invisible really , at least personally they don't register at all first . it's like they have no energy , no charge . at first i resented being one because i was going an anguished antisocial phase ( god , teenage years ) , but now not only i fully embrace it but i love it , it makes me impossible to ignore :d evilish : '