alright , i will ! :p roud : mm , alright . i'm definitely positive i have ji and pe , and i'm pretty sure i'm not a pe dom now that i think about it . i may just post a short questionnaire here when i finish up my work , if ... oh gosh ... i'm not as experienced with socionics ... but maybe i should ... they're just so long ... and tedious . really ? i mean , if that's the case then i might just stick with infp . i'm definitely capable of being logical and i can be talkitive , but i guess those aren't necessarily traits of the cognitive ... 1 . ) i'm probably either 9w1 or 7w6 and i'm sx / so . 2 . ) hmm .. sometimes i feel too extroverted for infp and too apathetic and logical for infp . there's more , such as how i'm very good at rational ... you know what sports teach adults ? that it is a requirement to have an aggressive bias for a specific team or group in order to be a socially accepted human . it teaches us that aggression and ... i was just being sarcastic , don't worry : wink : yeah , for now 9 seems like the only one i could be . most likely 9w1 . unless of course i'm a 7w6 ... oh god ... what am i ? heelp maybe enneagram is too detailed for any human under the sea to get their type correct : octopus : there is no point for needless competition . competition is only useful if an honor is achieved in the act or a goal has been sufficed . at least that's what i think . : confused-new : sorry this is so late , i feel asleep early . i'm not excessively unsure , i'm just not positive . the only other types i'm considering are enfp and intp , however i'll be open to anything . i keep ... what enthusiasm do you speak of ? i'm very cynical and pessimistic . i kid , again . i'm one of the most idealistic and often enthusiastic people you will meet . other than if you piss me off , that ... because i've been raised on peanut butter and jelly for the entirety of my life . how dare you insult my ignorance : unsure : just kidding , i looked it up and it looks scrumptious . either entp or enfp type most likely to start world war 3 ? what in the world is fillet steak ? hmph . i only accept 11/10 ' s . i think i'm an infp ... i like the ni doms ( infj and intj ) the most and also pretty much any of the nt's . i've realized recently that intuition is a requirement for me , because i've been around s ... you could always hold them with your feet , monkey style . : cool : mmm ... fried rice ... but yes i agree . if they're cooked deeply into food i barely ever consider their existence , however if they're ... oh , i see . i was mistaken . http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m83l5ljMcW1qgy1iqo1_500.gif i actually loathe cheese . i'm not a vegetarian or vegan , but i believe it smells positively putrid . eggs as ... ew . old lady butts are some of the most disgusting things ever , right on the same wavelength as poisonous cheese . ohoho , it is indeed deliciouso . oh , are you a vegen ? clap clap rejoice ! rejoice ! we're all just tinker toys ! ... i think that came out a lot deeper than was intended . i wonder , would you be fine if i fed you stale , moldy cheese ? :p roud : hi everyone . sorry for not being on as much , i have much homework as usual . i may try a questionnaire tonight since i'm not convinced i'm an infp anymore : unsure : also , how are guys doing ? that's ok . that doctor was a total quack anyway . what a relief . doctor : oh , ducky ma'am , what is wrong ? me : quack , quack , quackity , quack doctor : ah , i see . and how much for that treatment ? me : quack quck quack doctor : i only take cash . i would prefer my knee on my body , thank you very much . : gentleman : hi . what have i missed ? thank you . i know you're right , it's still a bit dismal though . ergh . i'll probably get over him soon enough though . i'm going to try and fill out the questionnaire now . : unsure : why does every crush of mine reject me . isxj's type most likely to identify as gay just to be different , and to not actually be gay i'm bad at deciding things . i guess i will , when i have the chance to . possibly it points more to insecurity . should i just fill out another questionnaire ? i'm a much different person than i was back when i first did it . entj probably . intjs appear cocky , but most of the time they're actually much more interested in learning and using their ni then feeling superior to others . plus , they can be quite nice if you ... i don't know why i do that . i just feel the need to justify everything i do if someone disagrees with me . * sigh * , probably fi after all . the only cognitive function i really do not understand is se . i can understand si pretty well , but se is a loss for me . i guess i do not understand what positive outcomes can come out of simply ... ni - internal abstact system , convergent , does not rely on the outside world for stimuli , focuses on finding one true meaning of the world . ne - externally-based abstractions , divergent , relies on ... i think i gotthe functions down ages ago . i'm also certain i use ne / si and that i use ne before si . it's mostly a decision of ti or fi , and i cannot seem to figure out which i use anymore , or ... true ... i'm not sfj . if you've ever read some of my analysis of pictures , ( as i've been told my some of my dear typers ) , i literally explode ne . there are other things , such as my incapability to be ... i don't know ... that's difficult to find in myself . i'm not sure if i can self-analyze enough to figure that out . it would be easier to figure them out through others giving their opinions on my ... i'm pretty sure i go ji-ne-si-je . but maybe . i'm probably too emotional for xntp honestly . living dead i don't know ... possibly ... and there's enneagram as well :/ laurie 17 i'm starting to wonder if i use ti instead of fi . maybe not , but it's just a feeling . ugh . i'm starting to become a bit unsure of my type again . slightly unsure . hi ... age is the wisest teacher . : kirby : i am seriously addicted to all of these new emoticons . especially the kirby . someone help me please . * shrugs * eh , i get that but : hampster : controversy is entertaining and fun to watch dumb people partake in . hehe . i just naturally justify myself even when i don't need to . damn fi . : kirby : i usually like to have one or two people i'm very close to . recently it seems i don't have anyone i really can ... alright , alright . : crazy : shinynotshiny souls do not exist , so thus none of us have to worry about any of our souls . : shocked : i'm sorry , i hope i didn't offend you . : unsure : oh , you baka tsundere , you . yes . i've watched my fill of animu xd ah , the reverse psychology acting-like-i-hate-you-means-i-like-you-and-you're-cool . very ixtx-ish . : ninja : for me in the summer , that's more than i speak to for weeks at a time . but ...