' that's the thing . i can't type her at all . she sees to act really false a lot of the time and has a very shallow understanding of mbti but she uses it to excuse bad / hurtful behavior . i've actually ... she seems to look slightly uncomfortable - it's like a smile she puts on that's saying oh , okay ... great . i'm uncomfortable but sure . i'm not sure how to explain it . that was her response to family ... so this is my older sister who says she tests as infp . - all while growing up , i have always felt like she was / is very dominating and patronizing towards me , and would act very entitled , such as ... i maintain that my favourite types are entp and intj . because i am incredibly grateful for ni , my ability to intimidate people while i'm actually terrified of them and many other qualities , but entps ... from what i've noticed , it seems to be a commonly mentioned topic among both intjs and infjs , so i assume it has something to do with inferior se . maybe i'm wrong ? perhaps i'm wrong , but yes , this is a very common pattern i've noticed . or on second thoughts maybe it's mentioned by intjs because after reading about their type , they're worried they're ' too ... perhaps i'm wrong , but yes , this is a very common pattern i've noticed . or on second thoughts maybe it's mentioned by intjs because after reading about their type , they're worried they're ' too ... interesting . i was curious about how the kind of hypersensitivity described in intjs manifests itself in the ups and downs of emotions in well-adjusted intjs vs the ... very not well adjusted ? interesting . i was curious about how the kind of hypersensitivity described in intjs manifests itself in the ups and downs of emotions in well-adjusted intjs vs the ... very not well adjusted . to what extend do you think nature / nurture play a role in development of type , and whether in particular parents have an influence , either directly or indirectly , on our true type ? obviously i ... i'll add that to some extent i am obviously influenced by appearance . i have only ever been attracted to femme-presenting women , so there's that . but no specific combination of features , or what's ... i am drawn to : - intelligence - maturity - extroverts - unconventional humour - eccentricity unintentionally scaring everyone away - apparently they think i hate them , despite not knowing anything about them or ever properly hearing them speak . i second this i prefer them to approach me . like with all situations , i will old back and take everything and everyone in - well , at least until i've gathered enough information to know how to approach talking and ... throughout your childhood , what sort of professions did you dream of doing ? my very first aspiration was to be a wildlife explorer then a video game designer then a graphic designer then a ... not an infp but saw this and yes - this is the only thing that bothers me about entps . despite appearing too serious for entps , i would easily drop that in a second to be with them . they relax me and ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H7bqZIpC3Pg&list=PLHZTQT-yzV4iYRIxrLqVj6iFi0ICKehXA&index=142 they talk about how entp's fe picks up on what others are feeling and ne adapts to reflect it , mirroring people to build a rapport with them . it's part of the explanation about an entp's external ... er , no i know that those are stereotypes . my quote was about the ne / fe functions in entps . i don't know where you're getting boring from . i can't see how not making many facial expressions has ... minimal facial expressions i read something about entps : it can be uncomfortable for them to be around very inexpressive people , because theyx 92re not sure how to act or adapt without some kind of emotion to play off of . ... i'm not an entp but i am most often attracted to entp / enfp women . 649889 we're not together . yet . but i've never felt this strongly about someone . however , i can give my p . o . v . on what i think of entps and the trends i notice ( a type i am frequently drawn to but have ... i do realize that i'm hard to read - i can tell by the way people look at me ( as though they're waiting for something more dramatic to happen ) but often i will be absolutely over the moon and no one ... intuition as the dominant function - introvert or extroverted - does seem like there will be a good amount of interest in art and all things creative . any of you know any female intjs ? what are your interactions / relationships like ? ( also as a female intj who is madly in love with a female entp , i am curious as to whether there would be anything ... any female intjs have trouble with other women in your family ? does you ' unfeminine ' behavior , style etc . make women in your own family uncomfortable ? does your family in general misinterpret ... that expectation that men should pay for things isn't really women's fault . but even with their advanced position in society everyone still clings to gender roles for dear life . more and more women ... despite the obvious fact that you can be attracted to anyone regardless of type - does anyone ever find that there are certain types they are most frequently drawn to ? in the very rare times i do ... bernie has shitty votes in his record too . and hillary's voting record in the senate is actually more liberal than obama's . there was a lot of hypocrisy in bernie's campaign . it was people who ... yes , i find it's very useful to look back to when she was younger . she's 69 now , she's had plenty of practice ' behaving ' like a politician ( after being scolded for being herself , ) and the public ... it's actually probably because she knows she gets scrutinized over things that other politicians don't . she is held to the standard of having to be everything to everybody . i'm extremely attracted to entps . to a disturbing extent . no exaggeration : ne + ti + fe + si = * drool enough to fill a swimming pool * in the most general , quick way to describe my position to people i just say i'm center-left . ( democrat / liberal ) i have an intp female friend - who is also my only friend - and i love her . i think she's awesome . great sense of humor , original , intelligent and the only person i can hold a conversation with . ... whether she thought that or not , she shouldn't have said it . infps are all different . some are gross and some are nice and some are mature and some are immature and some are bitter etc . my mother is an esfj : very emotional yet emotionally distant ( reacts with strong emotions , guilt trips , but never seems comfortable talking about emotions ) , intrusive , controlling my father : he ... sorry how what works ? i don't even want to . from the intp's i know of , i am friends with . love you too much x ) i get huge crushes on enxps . i really fucking love them . that's true . i'd heard about many intjs being quite thin too , but i found this : overdoing gratification of the senses is a commonly mentioned behavior for intjs and infjs in the grip of their ... ' tis indeed . i meant it was something which isn't specific to type . it is surprising though how this behaviour hasn't been confirmed by anyone here yet as like i said , i have heard this many times ... i suspected overeating is of course something everyone does regardless of type , but - only speaking from what i've witnessed so far - only female intjs seem to talk about overeating when it comes to being ' in ... i only discuss how i feel with my only friend ( intp ) over text , and she does the same with me . i tried talking to a professional once - but after the internal scratching it took to get me to say ... except the dancing part ( i will never dance in front of people but sometimes i dance in private if i'm in an unbelievably good mood , and i get very into it - just to leave you with a funny image ) ... is there a math mind that is generally not very well suited to maths in school ? i got the knock math mind . i've never been terrible at maths ( although when i first started school i initially was ... i don't know if i've met any other intj males that i'm aware of , but i certainly get avoided . i don't smell or present myself in a way that would repel people so much , but because they do avoid me , i ... '