' lol i think i can fall in love with every type (: what type is the person your in love with ? ? well ... esfp ? but also ... considering an istj ... haha ( so far ... there are no male ns in my life that are single .. : unsure :) what type do you personally get ... quite a bit ... but you know what .. i just give it time , and things usually get better . if the situation requires a funny moment / ice breaker , i usually break out in new girls jessica's song ...  ... ... what if i'm just left-handed ? haha . my whole family is left-handed , we are all very right . ( kekeke ) a quokka ... they always smiling ! hahah 63932 or a siberian husky lol , only type of dog i would be . i wouldn't want to be a hyena ... ew i live by this one too : how wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world . man ... thats deep husky (: shes purrtyyy and seriously an enfp haha ... wow two enfps . 63930 well ... the only intp i do know is my brother in law , which i have known for quite a while . i would have to say ... when we first met each other , we hated each other . he thought i was an irresponsible , ... ... i'm on the dance floor , dancing , and trying to get those shy people onto there . all esfps will join in , with a few esfjs ... enfjs . the isfp will be the dj and the entp , the host . the istp will be ... for me ... sports ... team sports to be specific lol . ahaha ... sorry i meant white ... caucasian lol yes ... whoa whoa , can't wait to share mine with everyone haha . this will be categorized by age and ethnicity . male american / younger : grant gustin ( seen on glee ) so hot ! but just looks wise .. male ... haha i was just thinking about this today . a lot of yours i feel i do the same thing as well , except for the warning people about cops thing ... because i'm pretty sure in my area , the people won't get ... .. so i'm assuming klingon doesn't count ? ... guess not i speak chinese and english (: hi hi ! welcome (: you know , being a senior is hs is full of choices to make , and of course you want to make good ones that can benefit you in your future . one thing that really helped me was ... night owl ( in fact ... my whole family is ! haha ) honeychanbunny > < ~ sometimes you think it isn't haha ... then you get back to reality and realize o . o oh ... so it was that all along ... but sometimes i get them too ~ ( especially when i watch too ... ... doesnt seem like an enfp lol ... im horrible at calling people . its too awkward . sad .. isnt it ? society can't even have proper conversation over the phone ? lol arrogance three letters that you should strongly consider every month p m s its not the end of the world ' if only you were older ... yeah ... only those two i can think of lol , maybe right after someone says somethings that irks me , i'll post it up :p oh i like this (: hope it grows ! i love being an enfp but ... i wish people realized that i like to be alone sometimes too . yup ! i think my greatest ideas stem from the time i have to myself before i got to sleep . plus , i am always so curious about what my dreams will be like when i do go to sleep ~ and then ... of course ... ... want to be in love again ~ ohhh the oh so wonderful feeling i get inside while admiring someone ~ if i have an issue with a person , i pretty much won't talk about the issue i have with that person with someone else who knows that same person . and that is why i hang out with people from ... lol ... okay i think i'm the only true left handed so far haha yay ^ ^ happy dance actually , my older brother and my older sister are left handed as well ~ so all of us are (: but ... my parents ... lol i think we can all agree that a majority of mothers are esfj ~ its just how they are ... haha but .. lol i happen to have a very much p mother , as i look at her in her cluttered office ... falling ... ( whispering voice : she'll be back in 3 days .. knowing a true enfp ) have fun ! (: :/ its a little unattractive to me for girls and guys ... kinda like when i see a good looking guy , and then he smokes - __ - ah ... turn around http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNovHVo_R14 bwahahah ~ as i am brushing my teeth , this post pops up . drooler , man ... then i wash off the excess on my mouth with my sleeve lol to simply put it , i put them down even lower ... and then leave the conversation . although , sometimes , a good debate doesn't hurt ~ ;) wow ... i don't think i can post something in this thread without seeming a tad bit narcissist ~ haha jk jk well , as i realized today , going to disneyland ( yes ... when i go to disneyland i learn a bit ... because we're cold ? hahaha ( implying to the post above you about chili ... because we are hot :p ) you know , i was going to say this ... until ... i went to disneyland today , bought one , ate it , and was in the bathroom 5hrs later lol i know , i know tmi .. but ! my reason is , haha , i hope i ... i ... i ... i care ! t_t lol ... oh ! i can spend hours on lifehacker ! have you ever actually done anything from the posts ? ? honey badger don't care lol thats the first thing that popped into my head ... or pooped into my head hehehehehehehehehe ... omg ! ! ! this is the most awesome-ist super-ist website everrr ! ! ! why hello there new love ^ ^ i don't have a best friend t_t lol , i have many good friends (: this thread isn't for the faint of heart ... ): hm ... what would you say about a dental assistant ? do you think as an enfp , it would be a good field for me to get into ? haha yeah and then i crash into a light pole (: but seriously , i don't know what happens when i drive ... its like i go into dream-mode and reality just ... fly's away . haha if that makes sense . ... you know , i have always thought about what a family of an intj father , enfp mother , and a child ( or more ... ) would be like . i can see that he and i would be having our alone time together , and give ... lol ... i usually just sit down , face up in the water , and singgg lol no ... i ... don't ... do ... that ... o . o moving on ... iono , i had to think about this question first and then come back to ... first off , your baby girl is very cute (: well , as a baby , i pooped , slept , ate ... thats about it . oh ! and i picked my nose a lot . its strange though , i don't know if it has to do with mbti at ... i'm a mean backpacker / hiker ! ! ! > : o other then that .. yeah ... 12 minute miles ... can't even pitch a baseball ... don't even ask me about tennis ... lol lol you're on a just how ... roll today huh ? lol ... ( pertaining to your ' just how sporty are you ' question ) well ! to answer your question , i can't rate myself as to how popular i was ... '