' the last post i made before this one , i mentioned forgetting what my password was and getting it right on the 5th try . this time , i'm here to announce that i forgot it this time and had to reset it ... i haven't been on this forum in months , but the forum came up in my search results so i ended up deciding to log in . i ended up forgetting that i changed my password . i got it right on the 5th try ... threads i didn't expect to see : do you meditate in the intp section . in all seriousness though i have tried and i'm not quite sure i see the appeal . maybe i'm doing it wrong . i think my ti must have been on vacation when i decided to take another creative writing class . if i didn't do that well last semester what was the point in signing up for another one before i fixed ... why don't emotions come with a ' pause ' button ? i have less than a week to complete my essay now and all because i was upset over something that i can't quite put my finger on . if my emotions made ... this post is about my boyfriend . i hope someone here can shed light on how my boyfriend functions , because so far his logic makes no sense to me . first off , i am primarily wanting to understand , ... google , it was funny the first time , but please quit assuming i'm a robot . it's rude to stereotype a person's research speed as being indicative of inhuman abilities . best : infp . i'm not sure what it is about them , but so far the people i click with the most are this personality type . i get along with isfjs and enfps too . most people i get along with don't know ... i wanted to be a teacher then a nurse then after i became 11 years old i stopped wanting to be like my mom . at 11 years old i decided to be a writer and so far i haven't changed my mind . my actual ... my secret skill is being able to lose an argument against myself . how does this work ? well , i don't know . dynamic quadrupod is the closest to how i use my pens . i don't use pencils . i bear down pretty hard so the led is used up in two seconds . my handwriting is readable just as long as you can read ... i got esfj or esfp the second time . what part of me is extroverted ? wrong , wrong , and wrong . i hope they improve their game so that one day i can get my real personality type on this test . i value rules . if rules weren't there we'd have some people doing stupid shit just because there is nothing against them doing it . unfortunately , there is such thing as having too many rules . who has ... it said i'm an isfp . what part of my random sentence structure makes me an isfp ? i'm retaking this test when i'm allowed and this time i'm going to type more than just two sentences . if i started hanging out in the other forum sections i bet they would notice that i am not their type even if i decided to change my profile information to claim otherwise . i would then have to ... i doubt there's any correlation , but it is an interesting topic to explore . for me : 1 . ) pride 2 . ) lust 3 . ) sloth 4 . ) wrath 5 . ) envy 6 . ) greed 7 . ) gluttony cyborg . in my personal opinion , this test was stupid , but i wanted to see what i'd get . i started dating at 10 years old . i wish i was lying . intj was the only one i mistyped myself as . after all , i get it on almost every test . to this day , i still occasionally get it , because cognitive function tests make no sense and mainstream mbti just ... degree : english . i have not declared a minor . to be honest , that is probably for the best . mbti : intp . do you actually like it / would you rather be doing something else ? : i love my major , but ... i loathe being called cute , but i typically accept it as a compliment while inside i'm raging hard and trying not to let the disgust show in my facial expression . you see , i try not to care , but ... i've made blog after blog after blog . after a while , i stop maintaining them . it's irritating , but it's a fact . maybe one day i'll be able to successfully keep a blog going . i have yet to figure out a preference . this is mainly due to not knowing enough people who tell me their personality types . based on the descriptions i've read , entp is probably my preference . i ... i see what you're saying . that makes perfect sense . i think you actually make valid points . it would be nice if soulmates were defined like that , but based on what i've experienced two people can be mature and open-minded , be together for a certain ... do you believe in soulmate-like connections ? no . i have heard of other people experiencing soulmate-like connections and i don't know what to make of that . have you ever encountered someone that ... i cry pretty regularly these days . it's some kind of emotional release . to be honest , however , i've also been less angry since i started crying more often . but , it's still embarrassing to be seen ... if i'm with people , almost nothing can make me cry unless i'm in extreme physical pain . when i'm alone , i cry over things that normal people cry over . sad music , sad scenes in books , sad scenes in ... i've seen just about everything now . i don't blame my bad driving on my personality type , but i definitely struggle with the task . you have to pay attention to all your surroundings when you drive ... i tend to be good at finding errors , but i am not perfect . my own posts will sometimes have errors ; if i catch errors in my post , you better believe i'm touching the ' edit ' button . english is , ... well , these two things do seem to make no sense in the same list , but nihilism is more a conversation topic for me and self-improvement is as well . i do try to improve myself a lot , but generally i ... here are the things i also like that you've listed : - world building - dreams , lucid dreams - writing - psychology - board games - nihilism , life , death , and philosophy - computers - self-improvement i had to do this once , so i am able to do it . under no circumstances , however , should i be forced to do it on the spot . this exercise requires intense thinking , preparation , and studying . it's ... actually , i like my type forum . i feel at home there . sometimes i like going to other type forums though . i spend quite a bit of time in the isfj and estj forums . i still haven't figured out what ... the internet , an education , and quality interaction with at least one person in my life . oh , and i hate this one , but i do need time out of the house . yes , i admit it . i can't be at home 24/7 . i don't understand my own problems . they seem so simple to fix until it comes time to work on them . example : i can write a 10 - paragraph response on a forum , but i end up struggling with a ... i'm going to offer my own outside perspective . isfjs have needs . that isn't inherently bad , but they ignore them . i know all about neglecting your needs . i have seen the worst of what happens when a ... this single paragraph is exactly what i'm experiencing right now . you can bet i'm uncomfortable with openly discussing my feelings . i'm still in that phase where i'm asking , feelings ? do i say this ... i want better follow through ability . i do sometimes follow through , but evidently my procrastination tendencies get in the way here . also , i want more social resistance . in other words , i want to ... someone wants to know my feelings ? that's unfortunate . i seem to have lost them somewhere . wait ... i think i stepped on something . all-nighter streak : 3 . at least , i think it's 3 . maybe it's actually 4 . oh , man , i've lost track . this isn't good at all . i am currently writing an essay comparing ancient literary heroes , one of which is not very heroic to me . i must do this for my world literature course . if we're talking creative writing , i have ... i'm going to guess my family's types . i don't have official confirmation or anything , but no one in my family would take the test if i asked them to , so here it goes . mom : isfj dad : intp ... i accidentally dropped a knife on my foot and now i can't stop screaming like i broke something . i didn't break anything . my foot is fine . but it hurts . i'm not sure why i'm still screaming though , ... i eat pretty fast compared to most people . i'm not sure why this is , but it is something i've noticed . as for my writing , i have the problem you do and this is because i am a huge perfectionist . i ... i'd give up my t and become an infp . why ? well , you see ... i hate my brother's personality and he's an istp . he's the only exposure i have to what an istp is like unfortunately . getting to know the ... somewhere between e and f with a strong leaning toward e . i usually experience the f part during arguments . the relationship is otherwise fulfilling and pleasant . you know what ? no . i'm tired of this . i understand my boyfriend's skepticism , but he has to stop being an ass . maybe those 4-5 hours i can't talk to him will make him think about his actions . of ... when someone changes plans on me last-minute . i think anyone would be angry with this though , not just me . unfortunately , i get frustrated even if it's just a small change in the plan . for example , ... type : intp due to the subject matter being discussed , i have chosen to keep my answer brief and simple . yes , this is brief and simple . if no one cared about me , i would commit suicide . i do not ... '