' seems like a common tragedy that many of us have innate gifts / abilities / talents / aptitudes that we don't get to share with the world for many different reasons . wondering if this is a reality or my ... poses it varies really . if i feel good emotionally / mentally , i like to look good too ... and maybe i have the mental capacity to bother . if i don't feel good , it shows ; i simply cannot muster what little ... yanks barks i do this too but for me , the reasons aren't complicated . if i feel that our fundamental paths no longer intersect ( ie . a significant conflict of ideals , lack of respect , violation , inability for ... tears reads dare i say that extreme joy is rare in the life of such a deeply feeling type . i can think of 1 or 2 occasions of extreme happiness in 35 years . that might not be an infp thing , maybe just my own ... yes . yes . yes . this is a constant issue both in the microcosmic and macroscomic schemes of my life and i imagine in yours . everything changes and i'm aware of it to the point that i think ... i'd be extroverted and be able to talk to anybody but still be thoughtful , considerate , and empathetic . cunning , courageous , and quick on my feet . i'd be more decisive and committed . wouldn't loose ... . ocean forgiveness or lesson learned ? this makes me sad . i know how difficult it can be . you care about your mom , the way you talk about her shows your love . you are not useless or bad or less than your sister , i understand that you're ... i . i believe that : 1 . the right to take one's own life is inherent to sovereignty . 2 . plants and animals are the only spiritually pure living entities on this planet . i'd include children but ... exactly ! what i'd like to say : if this perception is not detracting from the experiences you'd like to have in life , i say fvck ' em . everyone has an opinion about what you're like , how you come off ... but ... is this natural for us or is it cyclothymia ? i'm really convinced of it for myself but bc it's said not to co-occur with depression , it gets ruled out by professionals . but i'm seriously convinced ... generally low . i also require more sleep than most ppl ( about 9.5 hrs to not feel groggy ) . i also nap during the day when i can . i have more restful sleep during daylight . more energetic at night ... baby powder omg with these people . i couldn't possibly describe all the ways that this relationship goes horribly wrong ... so i'll pick a few key points . if you depend on an estj ( i . e . financially , ... the advice that i'd offer is to find some aspect of it that you can identify with or find some pleasure from . sort if like a game . pick something harmless but totally random to say to each customer ... you're 100 % right . but why wouldn't it be ok , this has been happening for all of our lives in nearly every other kind of setting . the same people who couldn't care less about us as friends and in ... well said ; great points to consider . thanks agreed about the gesture being important . what you do should reflect some aspect of what he's shared with you about his longings over time ... don't be afraid to appeal to his childhood at some point ... lots of great questions ! you might have something there . i'm a leo ascendant , actually . lol the issues that it presents for me : i have problems with depression , repressed anger , identity ... your mom has a history with fragility so i understand your concern . which is also why a sudden death would be worse for her to deal with in addition to all the unresolved issues left to bear because ... that sounds like something my mother would say . along with don't look a gift horse in the mouth and as the crow flies and all other manner of bizarre wisdoms she shares . i particularly like the ... hi hohum , this makes me want to cry . i wish this for all of us . thank you for expressing it . i wonder whether your anger builds around a particular person or group of people . i get annoyed fairly often but not outright angry . when i am angry , it's typically because i'm building resentments ... not sure if it's infp but i do have similar issues . i do well with coordinating ( clothes , decor , crafts , etc ) but i rarely notice what others are wearing . i also have an issue with direction , i'll ... what's fairly hypocritical too , xrx , is that i rarely expect this of anyone else . in fact , i'd be disheartened if a friend felt the need to filter what they share with me ( within reason ) . it's almost ... that sounds like a really healthy way to manage it . you allow yourself to fully consider the thought and then decide whether to dismiss it . this is what i have to learn to do . i live with depression ... pardon the length but i just took this excerpt from another convo i was having because i'm curious about your experiences with this : i think it's deathly-crucial that our internal dialogue be ... here it comes ... i'm not lazy . when i decide to do something , i'm very diligent and tend to work to completion . i'm am also , however , big on rest and time for contemplation . i think our social ... this was lovely - - such a beautifully serene exhibition of self-love . quirks and curiosities in tact , we should all be this much in love . * * * i'm reading it again , what you've written should ... if this was a difficult conversation for you or others here , i think your observation makes it worth while . what you've said , i think it sums up how my internal compass reads a lot of external ... ahhh , wish there were more of you ... you bring to mind another aspect that i've experienced that i'm curious to get your take on : the attraction to how she makes you feel , makes a woman feel ... yes ! i'm loving all of you romantics <3 as far back as i can remember , whenever i've had a crush , it's never been sexually based initially . instead , i fantasize about what the guy will be like as a partner , husband , father , friend - - as a ... i hear you ; their disinterest is like a fail safe , child - proof packaging if you will . it's too bad because i really believe that we all have gifts to offer . the dimensions through which they ... what's ironic about the whole thing is that , if they actually took the time to know us , they'd find more than they do on average i think ... more fascination , more exploration , more potential for ... great point and well said . if only the ' being happy with oneself ' was a simple thing . can you please explain this in layman's terms ? i'm new to mbti and get lost techn-alese . not only do i find that people don't get me but some are actually mildly angry at me ... even when no ... you rocked this ! thank you for such a rich breakdown of the process ( no it was not too much info ) . i see where you go beyond what i normally do on many fronts . your friendships sound fulfilling ... there are people who care . i could tell you that there are more than a few but i know that it's so far removed from you right now to matter . i'll say that you're proof that there are people who ... lol . love it aha ! that was a trick . now i know you're insane and not friend material ! jk . kind of . * squints eyes * [ / quote ] ha ! double-reverse-psyc-out voids your trick ... now i know ... i know ... something ... i think i understand , i've felt relieved at different times about being a loner but it's usually short lived . it can be draining to accommodate different personalities all the time . after a day of ... for us , they'd better ! lol '