' i have not actually ghosted anyone . i'm just wondering about other infp's experiences , since i seem to have been ghosted by an infp recently ... how often do you ghost people ? is that your preferred mode of breaking off contact ? how do you feel about doing it ? and , from before : would be interesting to hear about how you think your devaluation / discard ( because that is what it is , at the end of the day ) impacts the other person . no , you're ... that's a great question , ajaz . first of all , i won't be obvious about it to the person . i will want to hang out with him less , i will become distant and more circumscribed in my communication . i ... just wondering how you express ( or hide jealousy ) ? and how does it affect you , those around you , and the object of your affection ? lots of great stuff has already been said . i will just add my 2 cents , as i was an infp working in a social work situation ( though due to my position , i was not officially in a therapist role . i was ... meaning , what happens when you go through a phase of idolizing someone ... and then the cracks in the perfect image you've constructed of them begin to form . and you get disillusioned when you realize ... hello fellow infps . i tend to fall really hard and really fast and do irreconcilable damage to all my erstwhile relationships . yet again , i'm falling into this pattern . : shocked : i'm upset at ... hi . i recently met in person an infj male i'd been talking to online . we'd only been talking online for a few weeks , but we have a lot of mutual friends so i felt comfortable with him . when we met ... hello infjs ! ( i love you guys ) i was just introduced , via the interwebs , to an infj male by mutual friends . he and i really hit it off . we've chatted every day and talked on the phone . i can't ... so , ever since i read this post i can't even speak to my guy . i just feel like what if i've been wrong the whole time and he's never been serious about me ? my phone is off . i can't bear to hear ... in the last few weeks i've heard two different people comment about couples in relationships who are undergoing couples therapy . in both cases , the people i was speaking to said , basically , and you ... just to qualify : i have tried to figure out what type he is . he really is quite difficult to figure out in mbti terms . it's frustrating . great point . great way of putting it , flora . that's exactly what i'm trying to do: basically , translate what he's saying to me into my language . example : ohhh ! when he says ' relaax . ... hmm ! you know , that's very intriguing . i never considered the possibility he could be an s . probably because i fear s's more than any other types . do you think that's wrong of me ? ;) i guess ... thank you . that is a great article ! and so are the others linked from it . i will definitely read more of her stuff . it occurs to me that i didn't explain the situation as well as i could have ... i've been sorta seeing someone for almost a year now . we've been going super slow , which has been a new--and wonderful--experience for me . in recent months it's been getting more serious . we're ... we're very passionate , caring , ethical people , and we often find the world around us callous and cruel , which is disheartening . but mainly i think we can end up depressed because we're usually ... what about entp guys and infp ladies ? i am in the beginning stages of a relationship with an infj male , and an odd thing happened the other day . we had spent some time together last week , and then both of us needed to leave town . ... upon reflection , i realize that not all personalities interpret things the same way . i would like to emphasize that the suicidally depressed losers you so accurately portray us as was sarcasm . ... thank you for so eloquently demonstrating my point . this is how most people see us . this reaction is exactly why we don't open up . you tell us why we're flawed . you have no idea why we're this ... infjs ( like infps , wave ) do strive for intense , strong connections with people . however , these connections are by no means unattainable . no , we shouldn't get over this . what we should get over is ... that's interesting . i've read that it can take infjs a long time to open up about their feelings . ( i've heard months ) do other infjs also feel deeply for people very quickly ? if you do try a dating website , 2 things : 1 . i would advise against seeking anyone outside your region . the more difficult it is to physically get to them , the worse your chances for the ... thanks everyone for your helpful responses ! a few follow-ups ... yes , i have seen the nervousness and the desire to impress me . however , it's been logistically difficult for me to see how he ... i just need you to know that i used to believe this about men ( well , about people in general , but i'm heterosexual , so it was men that mattered ) and it's not true ! yes , there are men out there who ... yes , we always hang out alone . if we're in a large group situation we separate from the group to speak to each other . and it's amazing the way it feels--like we don't know anybody else is around ... considering how long you guys take to open up and share your feelings , i'm wondering if there's any way i can tell if the infj i'm interested in likes me as just a female friend or more than a ... sartreality , or any infj , could you expand on this ? do you have any preferences on how your romantic partner could help ? do you maybe drop hints about what you need but not ask directly , and want ... it's interesting . a lot of times i have very much in common with infjs . my infj friend said one time , i'm just like you , except i get stuff done . we both laughed really hard at how true that ... souled in is an infp . on behalf of both of us , we apologize profusely for being who we are . you may be an exception as an infj ; i've heard most infj's take a while to open up . like months ... this is a good question , but meow can probably recognize them , esp with his training . you know a sociopath by the gut feeling you get from them - - it's as though they're acting like a human , but ... have to back kaly up . until a couple weeks ago i was totally anti-facebook . i only joined b / c i had very painful surgery & a long recovery time and needed something to distract me . turns out ... are you guys more likely to be all lovey-dovey-attached at the beginning of a relationship , before you know whether the person is right ? or more likely to be skittish / arm's length away ? i ask b / c ... sorry , party people . i had an emergency surgery , followed by a more complicated surgery , where i was under general anesthesia . the 2nd surgery was scheduled the night before it happened ! i saw the ... that may just be a personal thing . i spend a ton of time thinking about my emotions , analyzing should i have been mad ? why am i so frustrated right now ? am i usually this sad when x happens ? ... i get what both of you are saying , both icarusdreams and roze . my infj crush used to seem stiff to me . but after he pursued me and i got to know him better , i realized that it's not so much that ... i ’ m still not sure about what you mean here . there are other religions besides christianity that have standards or laws that you consider to be impossible . how does that relate to why people judge ... i'm not sure what you're getting at here . could you elaborate ? i'm sorry--i'm not trying to attack ; i just don't know what you mean . are you saying other religions are judging christians ? or ? ... okay , so he lived and then he died . that part makes sense . but what does it mean to have the keys of hell and of death . does that mean he can go into them whenever he wants to ? it may make ... why do you think that is ? i know , right ? i mean , they're the most visible examples of christians we have . and yet , you guys on this thread , if i'm reading you right , don't seem to identify with them . the crazy thing to me ... boo ! hiss ! come back , silly ! first lookingglass leaves , now you . next vaan's going to swear off technology . xd you don't think your comments are good enough or something ? what ? you are ... ahhh , now i'm with you . that makes a lot more sense . a little too vague . you'll have to be more specific . also , hell is a christian concept so that begs the question . see , now ... not at all . abraham didn't sacrifice isaac because he didn't need to ; it was a test . he wanted to see whether abraham loved god enough to do it . and abraham passed the test . if god wanted isaac ... okay . here's where i'm getting that stuff about jesus being sacrificed from : deut 33:29 : happy art thou , o israel : who is like unto thee , o people saved by the lord , the shield of thy ... lol , seriously ? yikes ! is there anything christians can agree on ? where do you get the idea that a human can qualify as a sacrifice ? doesn't god abhor human sacrifice ( e . g . , lev 20:2- 5 ; ezek 23:36- 39 ) ? you're going to have to unpack what you mean by ... you may not have meant it that way , but i consider it a serious question nonetheless . the fact is , christians do not follow the law anymore . why not ? the israelites , as you said , were given laws ... '