' stand-offish and weird . probably explains why i've only got about 15 friends on facebook ! ! ! : laughing : i've always thought of jeff mangum , pj harvey and j mascis as being very infp but perhaps that's because i want them to be . joanne newsom and jeff buckley too . morrissey always stuck me as intp . william blake sylvia plath t.s.eliot john keats philip larkin thom gunn ted hughes seamus heaney these are my favourite but there's probably a ton more who i can't think of off the top of ... hmmm ... i don't often show my artwork but what the hell ... http://i126.photobucket.com/albums/p96/mojoblue69/3.jpg http://i126.photobucket.com/albums/p96/mojoblue69/candy1a.jpg ... wow ! ! ! i find your extreme lack of confidence such a turn-on ! ! ! let's have sexy times ... this thread has got to be the queasiest , sugar-filled read ever ! i think it's just turned me diabetic ... : wink : i've had addictions to both alcohol and drugs . i managed to beat them both by becoming addicted to exercise . it's a much healthier form of addiction for sure but still an addiction nonetheless . but ... i've lived the fast paced rat race lifestyle . though initially i found it tempting i quickly came to despise it . i'd take the freedom of slow paced , quiet reflection any day ... ^ this . eloquently expressed ! : happy : i'm addicted to exercise . it's about the only thing that makes me feel truly at peace . i honestly couldn't envision my life without it ... : shocked : weirdo ! ! ! : tongue : i talk to the imaginary voices in my head as if they were real people standing next to me . i watch pre-school tv programmes . i run up and down stairs in rhythmic patterns depending on what ... infj defo ... as a kid i desperately wanted to be huckleberry finn . i sort of still do if i'm honest ... your friend sounds like me ! i'm generally regarded as being a bit of an ass in real life tbh . : laughing : whilst i think that it is probably fairly common for infp's to suffer from ' zoning out ' from time to time i suspect that your adhd may be exacerbating the problems for you . do you suffer from ocd ... wow ! i couldn't be any more opposite to this tbh ! i've always been very highly aesthetically attuned and have been obsessive about art and , in particular , drawing my whole life . i do tend to get lost ... thirty three in july ... : crying : i don't think i've ever been particularly infatuated with mbti tbh . i initially found it interesting but no more than that . it seemed to answer a few questions about myself but that's about it ... my thoughts are with you ... i'm glad that you could find the courage to share . stay strong ... i tend to quietly swear in my head more than in actuality . not that i think there's anything particularly wrong with swearing but i do think it makes you look a bit of a idiot if you are constantly ... 4w5 kind of explains why i'm such a screw-up ! : crazy : it takes real strength to face our fears . you're a very cool guy . seriously . i run 30 to 40 miles a week . quite honestly i couldn't survive without it . tbh it wouldn't be overly dramatic to say that running probably saved my life ... : happy : my favourite infp style bands / music off the top of my head : low neutral milk hotel explosions in the sky the smiths the decemberists bedhead animal collective smog : laughing : i lost a pencil a few days ago and spent a couple of minutes looking for it before i realised i was holding it in my mouth ! : confused : when you want to post without reading the whole thread because you're too lazy to do so , but end up reading the whole thread anyway to reassure yourself that you won't be socially embarrassed by ... i teach life drawing and generally the place is full of infp's ! if i'm not out doing something art related i'm usually out running for miles through the countryside deliberately trying to avoid ... my girlfriend is a infj . she's very similar to me but whereas i'm more imaginative and floaty , she's just a bit more serious and grounded . we compliment each other very well ! i do too ! : laughing : i just thought i had better point it out in case someone inadvertently reveals something that could be used against them . : happy : i don't mean to be a killjoy but the porno name game was originally conceived as a scam . the names of your first pet and childhood streets are often used either as passwords or as the answers to ... i'm post shy with regards to the internet as a whole . i prefer to silently lurk in the shadows and quietly judge you all from afar ! does that make me sound creepy ? ? ? i hope so ... : laughing : without art i'm nothing ... because all history up to this point is wrong and you will be the first ... i need to forget the laws of life & run down the street , guns in hand . drunk . this . or at least that's my truth ... stay free ... i was in all the school sports teams due to the fact that , by some bizarre mix up in the book keeping of the gods , i was made an extremely fast runner . i was always picked for just about every team ... i secretly envy them ... i like and appreciate them all . if i had to choose one though , it would probably be autumn . if it's any consolation , i didn't speak to another person for my whole first year at college . i literally didn't speak to another single person ! if it helps , your life will not last like this for ... the only time in my life i ever really feel alone is when i'm surrounded by people who i feel i have very little in common with . generally when i'm actually on my own i don't feel lonely at all . i ... this is very strange . i saw similar ' shadow people ' on my walls as a young child too ! it's hard even today for me to talk about and i've virtually never told anyone about them . they certainly weren't ... i'm a portrait painter . i used to do the office thing too but eventually the tedium started to destroy me . i decided to follow what i loved the most , which was art , and portraits seemed the most ... prefers the number four ... a bit of a weirdo ... : crazy : thanks everyone . you've all made me feel really welcome ! ! ! who'd of thought that a place existed on the interweb where everyone was so friendly ! ! ! : happy : no not really ! ! : laughing : * points and laughs at the nerd * aw you're all too kind ! : blushed : i must say this moon thing intrigues me . what with most people in my life trying to pull me back down to earth ( unsuccessfully ) it will certainly be interesting ... does like ... er ... humour count as a weapon ? ? ? if so , go on ... give me a good hard joking why don't you ... : laughing : actually on second thoughts maybe don't ... : unsure : hey thanks . i appreciate your concern ! : blushed : actually i can stand up for myself fine ( sort of ) ! i say let the infp bashers take their best shot at me . lets see what they've got ... : angry : '