two close friends of mine are both strong entps and suck at gossiping . they often get people mixed up and names confused that the story becomes too appalling to even be believable gossip . it's ... i agree with most of this . i'd say hannah is an exfp and adam is istp ( always making random crap and moving around ) . ray is definitely an intj . two of my close friends are entps . one girl , one girl . the guy is more extroverted than the girl . i like how i can be frank with entps and talk about basically anything under the sun , something ... math and sciences ( especially advanced chemistry * shudder * ) i'm a definite social science kid . mindy is pretty enfp . danny reminds me a lot of myself , especially in that episode with christina's nude exhibit . only an ixxj would be so self conscious and not want to draw attention to ... there has been a common trend on this forum and basically any mbti site online to say that infjs and istjs don't get along . any type can get along , it's just based on your communication and ... ( bumping up this topic because i found it interesting ) enfp - i know 3 and all very fun and great people to talk to about basically anything with . only fault is that they love people and are often ... nobody has called me boring to my face . i think those who are judgemental enough to make that assumption without really knowing me are not worth my time anyway . i can guarantee that those who have ... infp , get your head out of the clouds and use some logic ! hello infjs . particularly male infjs . what attracts you to a girl ? what are things that she can do make herself be attracted to her ? also to all infjs , what do you think of istjs ? i ask because ... great as friends . i have the same taste in books and music as most of the intps that i've met . their lack of planning can annoy an istj and they are mostly all lazy geniuses . some are quite ... hey ! thanks for doing this amaa haha . sorry if this has been previously answered but i'm too lazy to go through all 7 pages . do you have any advice for me as i want to go to law school and will be ... gifts are cool with me but don't buy me a gift for the sake of getting me a gift . i'd rather you just spend more time with me ( if i like you but obviously i would if you would think of getting me a ... well , this is an * unfair * judgement because i don't have 1.5 hours to spend listening to metal . i really don't like metal music so wasn't a fan of this to say the least . the guy looks like a bamf ... when you're accused of being dictator-like with your direction by your friends . also when you're constantly told how cold + distant you seem and how you constantly ' bitch face ' . the literal story of my life :d ry : i never said infjs can't use logic . i just simply said nfs prefer not to rely on it . my ex-boyfriend is a math major and my close friend is one as well . another friend is a science major but she's also great at math . they are all infjs . what is it with math and infjs ? math is a ... this guy pretty much summed up my views on moral absolutism : humans of new york aubrey - estj ( very goal oriented , clear extrovert , can be stubborn ) becca - isfp ( doesn't really socialize until singing with aubrey in the shower , wants to be a dj thus very artistically inclined ... honestly , all the deeply profound things i come up with are either stolen from nf users or said in the moment . i'm pretty talkative and talk things out with friends , then end up saying something ... i think your problem lies within the fact that your teacher is very vague and not in the fact that you lack intuition . like sublimeserendipity said , everyone has intuition ; it's just what you're ... the above posts pretty much describe how i am with confrontation as well . my isfj friend is very very unconfrontational and she literally runs away from confrontation . i think that is borderline ... yo enfj , stop mingling and schmoozing so loudly ! get your heads out of the clouds and face reality , infj ! you commented the same thing on my thread . if you want more information , create your own questionnaire . otherwise , don't come in commenting on everyone's thread with ' not really enough information to ... sure ! an emotionally healthy individual is someone who is content with who they are and where they think their life is going . it varies from person-to-person but if they have something to live for ... honestly , i'm not too sure of my type anymore ( i feel like i have changed a lot ) and i would appreciate any opinions ! 1 ) what fictional character do you identify with most ? i've gotten ... i can identify with one or two of the istp qualities but i am for sure not a sp ... aren't sp's sensation seeking ? none of the adjectives i chose really show that .. maybe you should add spontaneity ... for 1-3 , pick one of the two answers that describes you most . 1 . outgoing , reserved 2 . talkative , contemplative ( i feel i'm balanced in both ? ! maybe a bit more talkative .. ) 3 . sociable , solitary ... i have found this one to be the most ' reliable ' . personality test not a big fan of the humanmetrics one .. i feel like the sensitive douchebag is a really prevalent social attitude in today's society . a perfect example would be shia labeouf ( who is supposedly an infx ) what are your guys ' experience with ... being an sj myself , i tend to get along with other sjs . i get along with nfs the best actually and my friends are a good mix of i / e's but mostly ambiverted personalities ( like myself ) . the things that we ' hate ' have a far more influence on us than the things we like . ( although i don't think this an ' unpopular ' opinion , just one that is not expressed as frequently out loud ) the behaviour you stated sounds more estj than istj ( assuming that the rest of your typing is correct to begin with ) . istjs generally don't like being the ' centre of attention ' and we prefer ... i get a huge infp vibe from your answers . or at least an xnfp like holysouljellyroll you are very much a feeler and the whole cooking thing is very infp . i also have an infp friend that would ... 1 ) most of my friends are enfjs or infjs and our greatest difference is probably our feeling side . as an istj , i'm not very outwardly emotional . also my infj friends tend to judge someone / feel ... he's one of my fave actors and i've watched most of his movies except mysterious skin and looper . i think he's an introvert but i do think that his i / e is very balanced . either that or he's just a ... i find paying attention in lectures + effectively studying works best for me . i use verbal regurgitation ( drives one of my friends nuts as we studied together one time - bad idea lol ) most often ... to the people hating on this thread , chill the f out first off and second , please re-read my original post . if you dislike this thread , don't post or follow along . no one is making you . if you ... which myers briggs types do you commonly associate the word ' asshole ' with ? obviously , not every person of that type is going to be an asshole but i find that some personality types are more ... this infj guy and i have mutual liking but i'm reluctant to start a relationship because i can already sense the problems that we are going to have and they aren't like little ones that you can ... i agree with you to a certain extent . i see him as a damaged enfj perhaps . he does possess some entj qualities though mr . rochester is definitely an extrovert , no doubt . i get strong enxj vibes , either an enfj or entj . it really does have it's advantages sometimes , i do admit . however , i would want to seem more approachable in certain situations like in a work environment , mentioned by ... so recently , i have been more ' aware ' or conscious , you could say , of my cold exterior . it all started when this guy friend-acquaintance ( i say that because i think we're friends but idk we ... i'm curious to why louis is typed as istj so often and by many .. i'm an istj but i find myself relating to , in terms of choices and actions , mike . my good friend is an enfp and i adore her . i honestly think we have less differences than my infp friend per say or my entp friend . i don't think istjs are the most charitable givers , i would lean towards the feeler types for that association . personally , as a student , i do charity work and volunteer but i definitely don't have ... bump ! we need more positivity on the enfj sub forum , the istj one has tons of pages . c'mon guys ! (: