' my not extremely fleshed out theory about the role technology plays for millennials is that it isn't ignored like it is by older generations , but it isn't considered an integral part of socialization ... lol two articles that essentially say the same thing from the same source . i've always found the millennial reputation quite puzzling . in my experience , millennials tend to be better mannered , ... at the very least , i consider ' 94 gen y . at my old job , i was smack in the middle of all my co-workers - - the managers were 28 and the part timers were 18 . there was zero disconnect between me and ... i should clarify that by abstract , i meant 5w4s tend to ruminate on , well , themselves . think dexter vs l . l also abstracts , but his abstractions are about the world around him . l asks , who is kira ? ... i think it's easy to misinterpret dependence on people . i don't spend my days suckling teets . it's more like my 5 fixations are oriented toward the real world whereas 4s are more ... i wanna say ... don't use one trait of yours ( regardless of strength ) to define your whole personality . for starters , imo , people greatly overestimate many of their traits , not to mention the fact that it is an ... none of this has to do with enneagram 3 though . 3 is more than just desiring a successful image . some 3s don't even want that ( not in the traditional sense ) . also i'd argue 2s - - especially ... i agree with your 9 point . not even the healthiest 9 ever would put herself out there the way taylor does . shawn mendes is a good example . actually , a healthy example . his music is the center of his ... she did cling to the i'm a good person reputation until she was painted into a corner . i think she genuinely believes the gp is out to get her lol . but the reason i say 2 > 3 is she's way more ... the video like two posts up is a very obvious depiction of disintegration to 8 . she could not possibly be anything but 2w3 . perhaps the sterling example . better than revenge is another good ... first of all , it is not even up for debate that lorde is 4 so / sp lmao i totally get why you find her relatable . in the enneagram sense , she's the realest . secondly , i agree that the music itself ... some great points being mentioned . figure actually nailed an exact thought process i had a year ago ( was it ? ) or whenever halsey's album came out . halsey was an artist i felt like i should at least ... dunno if i'd attribute it to feminism / liberalism primarily . i think the primary influences are 1 ) technology and 2 ) financial instability . this is a generation that has to worry about its own ... i do agree that soc can be the most overtly obnoxious type in certain manifestations ( ie instagram celebrities ) , but i gotta say sp and sx can really grind the gears too lol . i had this sp / so ... i meant i don't get why people like the album . it was rather boring to me . also , the point of my loveless inspiration is that there's more of a focus on fulfilling basic needs than on finding ... so i was listening to kiisfm while driving today in an effort to make sure i understood pop references at work and i was pondering why pop music post - 2011ish doesn't whet my whistle anymore . quality ... the dark room could be a stimulus in itself . look at me . im the pit and the motherfucking pendulum . or ... * geoff tate voice * empty room today . here i sit , chalk outline on the wall ... i ... turi i'd like to put a disclaimer that the very way i approach and answer your questions will be ne so i hope it in fact does answer your question . imo ne mostly , mechanically speaking , operates ... i think your instincts are right on the money . as so-second , i sense group dynamics too but i don't experience them in a ... committed fashion i guess ? i guess the way to put it is i'm aware of group ... taking a moment to appreciate the coolest avatar in the thread . turi what's good my man . this thread reminds me of the struggle it is to plow through introvert vs extrovert differences on the ... totally off topic : i fucking love digimon . goat . better character development than most adult tv shows . the newest game is extra as fuck though lmao . on topic , this is the perfect example of ... that's another thing - - making it about sex or my attitude toward sex ( them not you ) . if i say no to a threesome , i'm either playing coy or i'm offended by the concept of threesomes . the easier ... that's the thing . men on this site and irl act like women don't generally receive unsolicited attention - - that we're pedaling a victim's narrative while simultaneously putting out signals . my so ... you are the kwisatz haderach . nah , he's way too hung up on control and possession . cool example of 5w4 sx / so imo . i suppose this is a question for me . sx / so = being able to pose in social circles in order to get close to the object of my obsession . constantly scrutinizing my own personality in relation to ... rock songs : 1 : lost in the flood by bruce springsteen revolution calling by queensrÿche jesus christ pose by soundgarden 2 : catch the rainbow by rainbow make me wanna die by the pretty reckless ... i really mean i literally say nothing to men at work nowadays . i don't talk to them full stop . i spiritually kill myself . now granted this doesn't actually really work . because i'm now keeping my ... ditto . i'm conventionally attractive with a bit of a fiery personality which means people wanna conquer me and move on . i remember back when i had this weird obsession with tom hanks , i watched his ... i'm pretty sure i come across as some combination of 8-4- 7 to people . back when i was mistyping at 3 , my ex was vehement i was an 8 and was utterly perplexed as to why i would type st anything else ... i'm with you on loving those first 8 albums ... well , all his albums but particularly those + the rising and magic . definitely my most played by him not to mention his b-sides . it's outrageous how ... fuck yeah . born to run is my favorite bruce springsteen album ( top 3 album overall ... sometimes # 1 ) . i actually had to consider posting jungleland or backstreets . went with jungleland because it's so ... allow me to give you still more to mull over . se is about creating experience while ni tends to use bits of experience as a vehicle for a greater message . ni isn't as concerned about creating an ... because it isn't a good definition if it doesn't . the op is literally asking for differentiation . i'm arguing about cognition not behavior . couldn't give two shits about behavior . i get ... ideas , yes . imagination , no . the problem is you cannot assign imagination to intuition without first tailoring imagination to fit intuition . imagination in the realm of interpretation / perspective . as ... if you want to experience dominant n , i would recommend watching veronica mars ( ne ) and reading ender's game ( ni ) . both stories are primarily told from the mind of an intuitive , so it gives you a ... i don't think s vs n holds any real value . i find it easier to compare ne to se and ni to si . i think the types bear a closer resemblance and thus open the floor up to differentiation . what makes ... the head center struggles with gut more than heart as far as i know . that's why they mostly integrate to gut - - they're stuck in their own heads and need to become present and get in touch with ... i don't disagree my friend is generally unhealthy ( whenever i bring her up on here , lord she doesn't get good reception ) . there's this flavor of fi that i don't see as universal necessarily ( and imo ... i really hope the user comes back and assaults you with some of the greatest prog songs ever written . just figured out a way to articulate selena vs taylor . has anyone had del taco's coffee in the last few years ? a couple years ago , it was pretty fine coffee for $ 1 . that's because it came straight ... haha ! i'm not a selena fan by any stretch of the imagination but her music definitely comes across more sincerely and less posed than taylor's for me . taylor's music feels prepackaged , like she has a ... yeah selena the person could be sx-last . just her music drips with sx . funnily enough , i think lana comes off as so to the naked eye in a similar respect . i remember reading a post once that analyzed ... you know , funnily enough , i absolutely cannot see selena as sx-last and i never even considered the possibility lol . i always saw selena as one of the only overtly sx artists on top 40 radio for the ... i think her music kind of ... is obviously 2ish ... much more so than selena gomez's actually . and i think selena gomez's music has a strong sx element to it . i do get the argument that selena is a ... i know . you are an enfp after all . ;) but my post was something i'd been wanting to articulate for a while . the stereotype of enfps being like some kinda bunny rabbit really sells them short . enfps ... imo entps are generally more tactful because of fe . they're more aware of what would , well , embarrass most people and thus more sensitive to that . as an example of what i mean by enfp ... enfps are really only assigned the charming moniker online . i think people just find them charming in theory and thus charming people are often typed as enfx . i'm really only basing this supposition ... um ... no . cognitive functions don't impact likelihood of depression . they might impact how that depression is expressed and dealt with , but no . that's not how depression works . sincerely , an entp ... my so confessed that with me he has rebuilt his trust in another human and he sees me as a potential wife . he said he finally feels like he can be vulnerable in front of someone and can't stop ... '