' doesn't work for me . tried it several times , with different istp guys . my dad is istp too , btw . i truly loved these guys , problem was the emotional & mind match just wasn't there ... and neither was ... something that shows you appreciate mom's role and contribution to your relationship . think about a time you shared something significant , a moment when you were grateful she was your mom , or when ... how do i know what you don't know about us ? : tongue : be original , funny , give honest feedback on what you appreciate about them . go easy on the intp critical evaluation though , we're super ... no , not at my core . but certainly when i am depressed , or when my emotions become hypercharged on negative feelings . i know that how i feel when i think i am never going to find or experience true ... i'm seeking your intp awesomeness in search of an answer regarding my intp bf . i'm enfp , we both have kids from our previous marriage , well marriages for him as he's been married to 3 women . i ... what are your emotional needs in a relationship ? harmony is so important for our emotional well-being , how do you feel this in a relationship ? is it necessary for you to experience your partner ... to spot an enfp , ( my opinion is female biased , btw ) look for the girl with a spark of outward originality in appearance . maybe a flower in her hair , or wearing a non traditional outfit . we seek ... intp's with children : are you able to make unbiased interpretations of your children's behaviors ? example : your kid broke a promise to you to keep track of their retainer , the kid loses it and ... thinking about a relationship end , and the capture of a huge arachnid from my laundry room window . both traumatic . thinking about a relationship end , and the capture of a huge arachnid . i dated one for about 7 months . no romance , seriously . he was very self focused , and didn't try to get to know me , just his idea of what i should be . he blocked out anything about me he didn't ... you can figure it out yourself you need to ... i'm not going to spoon feed you my theory is : we are adept at reading people , and have a built in zoom lense to find and focus on the positive attributes a person has , we then act as a catalyst to bring out that gift in that ... fun idea ! my dogs are therapy pets , walter is a jack russell / doxie who patrols and secures our environment , he is also very good at recognizing when one of us isn't feeling well , and comes to lay ... yep , cuz that's what brainwashing is . : crazy : ... shift + r improves the quality of this image . shift + a improves the quality of all images on this page . feeling means absolutely nothing in the justice system . being a good person means you are weak . so ... be the biggest most self centered person you can be and the law is on your side ! ! ! i the king of dreams , your avatar makes me think mama ! and i get all giddy ;) people and human behavior are our forte . always trust that vibe-o-meter . you will regret the times you don't . and yes , mine works so well it's irritating . volunteering for the cause i am currently championing , getting coffee , trying the new cafe in town , walking the dogs , swinging with my kids at the park , playing ball , flying kites , anything involving ... i do get caught in that trap too . i'm trying out the belief that we teach people how to treat us , and fight my instinct to shut down and push people away when i feel down . i seek out the same ... yep , when i am bored , stressed , tired , depressed , lonely and don't have a better coping skill at use to deal with those states . eating at times other than when i am hungry is a sign i have something ... i love learning , growing , discovering . i dislike rudeness , foolishness , falsification . yes ! we support the underdogs , and sometimes we are the underdog ! no irl hugs at all today , i need some serious hug cpr ! ! ! stop trying to solve everyone elses problems and shortcomings . don't let it consume you . spend some time in the moment , let tomorrow think of itself . take a chance at least once for every 20 you ... you know you are different ... in bed , reading perc threads in hope of enlightenment . eyelids getting droopy ... overly critical , to the point of insulting others . pessimistic chronic loss of * sparkle diminished laugh :( i do appreciate a fellow intuitive in a relationship . there's a natural understanding that isn't as strong with sensing types . it's frustrating to try to build a relationship with someone who can't ... my happy places are : used bookstores , thrift stores , parks , coffee houses with live music / open mic nights ... im soo there ! daydreaming in a courtyard , intensely debating with ... it's storming here , the power just went out & its too dang quiet in here ! ! ! wow , nobody has ever said that to me before hmmm , this is gonna be fun ;) accept me . we adore those who accept us with all our silly faults and crazy talents . let us stay intact without trying to change us & you will have our admiration ... i absolutely get that idealistic dreamy state you're in . i adore that state ! but , and it's a huge but ( lol ) , stop dreaming about what could be & come back to reality with me ! let's start living ... i only expect from others what i expect from myself . perfectly realistic , right ? ha ! i'm learning my idealization of people , relationships , reality in general , is often hindering the closeness i ... yep , mostly only visible when the hair is long , so more wavy ... i currently have the asymmetrical short style with about 3 long curls on the left side of my head . my entp & infp daughter's also have ... i do love original and sincere compliments , deff . an nf thing . i can't think of my fave received compliment ... i did recently say to the bf i like you too much to say you must spend a lifetime ... i would love to make a video of you doing that ! are you ok ? the whole place lights up when you are here i feel like i can be open with you sounds like you have add . how do you feel about your decision making ? easy or hard to make decisions ? making more problematic or effective decisions ? can you concentrate on some things you are ... i get irritated at housemates who don't pick up after themselves , yet i still have painting supplies sitting outside my bedroom door a month after the painting job i did . gah ! ! i think you handled the situation much how i would have considering the circumstances . or , if i were as tired as you must have been , i might have said or done something a bit rash , like farted and ... that depends on your belief system . my answer would be the chicken . or a chicken creator , for that matter . do you have any phobias ? daydreaming for me is like varying my setting , maybe like imagining the piano playing itself or the dresser burping out clothes , something silly like that . making inanimate objects animate . kinda ... you break into song to demonstrate a very important point you are trying to make , or smooth some ruffled feathers ... sing with me ! why can't we be friends ? '