' i suspect that he thinks he can do better . whatever that means to him . you opened up a side to him and he wants to explore it - that's what we do , explore new things . maybe not all your ancestors , but certainly some of them . particularly if there is one of a different race / ethnicity than all of the rest . this technology is getting more precise every day . it leads ... obesity is the great equalizer . just don't end up like this woman-http :/ / tinderdistrict.com/ probably not a risk to an intp , but consider yourself warned ! i think for intps , the main concern with fe is controlling it so it doesn't point you in the wrong direction . the age thing is helpful - your fe is going to be childlike all your life . there is a ... rock lyrics are your friend ! if you can't be with the one you love , love the one you're with . under me , the change has come , she's under my thumb i may be dumb , i'm not a dweeb , i'm ... are you having sex with this woman ? yes , as it is primarily concerned with the valuation of women . high value is given to young attractive white women and little to no value is given to all other women . it's basically the way hollywood ... third world is actually a euphemism . that's fine , most women are supposed to feel repulsed at men being redpilled . i just wanted to comment on cameron crowe's work since that was brought up . fast times is incredible , if you ever ... 1000 guys doing the say anything radio bit : 999 times it's creepy , ( maybe ) one time it's sweet . best advice from that movie find a girl who looks just like her ( or even close ) , nail her and dump ... he likes you , but it's creepy . don't encourage creepy behavior . i hope your employer appreciates the sacrifice you are making for your job ! ðŸ˜º why not do something with those cute female colleagues ? from personal experience , it's pretty cool when you can actually have sex with a woman that you have pulled your pud to . and as long as your ... that was a great post ! just a note , you probably would not have that wisdom from a < 90 iq person . or at least you probably would not have recognized it as wisdom . however , it may have been ... good catch , how do they measure the oxygen without opening the bottle . not that i understand how , but apparently it can be measured with uv . there are two people that i spend time with who are geniuses . one is an actuary who is able to make boring statistics sound interesting , the other is a biologist who works on the cutting edge of ... it was meh for me . meh it's a matter of degree . perhaps you should take up a different instrument , i would recommend guitar . or singing . learning one instrument can just be technical , and it is possible to be proficient without being musical . ... if anyone cares , the most interesting racial aspect of my life is how white and black people talk to me before and after they find out what i am . with very few exceptions , white people will ... i have thought about this for a few days , and i still don't understand what you mean . can you explain it ? also , when you say looked down upon for long periods of time , are you saying me ... every thing i do is set to music sunlit , are you male or female ? it makes a big difference . this is it ! most things in this world are not completely black and white . even if a statement is 99.9 % true , it means that there are exceptions . we don't want to give the captain pedantics of the ... i'm saying that human evolution emphasized different traits in different races . those traits largely determined how their cultures developed . and culture itself will influence human evolution through ... i am having a quarterly business walk tomorrow . i trained one of my minions to give the presentation to the auditor . this will give him a more complete picture of how our department fits in the ... such experiments don't tend to scale up well . that child may behave like japanese , but if you move the entire population ( or even 10 % ) of somalia to japan , they will behave like somalians , unless ... [ quote = rogers ; 3747335 4 ] sillysaurus . what happens with a girl raised by wolfs ? does she learn to speak the human language , because she was born a human ? [ / quote i know that sometimes animals will ... why would you find that unequal distribution unlikely ? most other human traits are unequally distributed racially . remember that mbti is a creation of white people , to explain personality ... culture largely derives from race . try to imagine japanese culture deriving from somalians . yes , only in a multi ethnic society does it have any meaning . chris rock's famous n * * * routine , which is basically about statistically normal american black behavior , also only works in this ... also , the dynamic of high iq blacks doing well really only applies to those black people living in societies of 100 + average iq people ( these are almost all white countries - china , korea , and japan ... re acting white : stereotypical white characteristics are high impulse control and forward time thinking . these characteristics are correlated strongly with high iq ( not perfectly - see bill clinton ... i can't help it . i really can't . if you have deep thoughts about abstractions ( such as ideas , groups of people , systems , etc ) , you are more likely an intp . if you have deep thoughts about individual people and things , you are more ... my wife said exactly that to me ! ðŸ˜ ok , so she didn't say it was beautiful and adorable ðŸ¤” . and she wasn't talking about my fe .. ðŸ„ this is a superb thread . i will add that the intp superpower of just knowing can be improved with practice . it's basically having faith in your own intuition . this works because , as one poster ... yeah , sorry about that . i cant remember the thread that came from , but the conversation was about lists of characteristics that they look for in a man . what she said really stood out to me . those are really good reasons that people have for not having children . and those reasons have been around since there have been people . really , when hasn't the world been fucked up for the vast ... hopefully this will make some sense . there is something i do , and other intps here have mentioned doing this sort of thing , so it may be an intp thing . it is finding a proxy for social interactions ... nerd alert ( as if this forum needs one ! ) : i care about the honorverse ... nonsequiturme if you end up drinking with him , and have sex , please come back here and tell us how your relationship is complicated . your intp needs to learn not to tell women that he wants a fwb ... librarian , see , you already gained something . you were prompted to clarify your thoughts . and that is likely to be what you will experience with most intps . at some point it will be ... the parking lot story shows a history of incredible innovation and technical progress . most of the technology that makes a parking lot possible was made by one group of people . it is unlikely that ... i didn't think i would and then it happened . i have been in leadership for almost my whole working life . i like being in charge of my division / department . lower level supervisors are usually horrible , so i can avoid working for them . higher ... i did not ever have a desire to have children . perhaps if i made a lot more money it would be different . i did not want to struggle financially , i do not handle any stress well . so children would ... how many of us would be enough , or too much ? what do you hope to gain by this endeavor ? this fascinates me . do you think that your husband did not really know how you are because you put on an act , or is it that he didn't really pay attention to who you were ? as if he had an idea of ... '