wow you're young ( but probably the same age when i joined ) . i've read / seen a bit of hs like up to act 3 or 4 i don't remember . sorry i didn't read more of your post haa . i think it is important actually . i don't think it should play into consideration if you watch a movie or not , but i do think it helps in choosing a movie when you don't know what to watch . mom : enfp stepdad : enfj younger sister : unknown , took test a few years ago and got isfp if i remember right . i'd say she's more of an esfp . dad : unknown , my guess would be estj or istp self : intp ... daenerys gets angry too often in the tv show now . the book character is a bit more reserved ... though not by much . well since someone else has already guessed i'm null . if anyone's been skipped i can try to do them ? i don't have cool gifs and quotes but hm . 1 . lupin from harry potter 2 . alex from a clockwork ... i'll forget something , remember it , then forget , and ever repeating . does this count ? holidays are dumb er ... britney spears - oops i did it again o . o 83445 just some notes y'all don't have to read , just look at the writing . a bit scratchy , but i tried to be neat with these notes in particular . intp being nerdy , well not that nerdy come on . yes , i agree . it's annoying people are like infp , which he seems nothing like . i was thinking intp , but i'm not completely sure . i would say extroverts are more likely to enjoy team sports , but that's as far as you can really go . sps seem like your typical athletes though . it really depends on athletic ability and will though . intj , perhaps istj would be right it seems . spock seems to know what is going to happen , and takes the logical course of action . he's just a charismatic istp . knows how to play the cards . tes v / skyrim soundtrack is amazing .. as for 8 - bit , i like tetris mixes . my humour is mainly reference , sarcastic , witty , or slapstick . 79258 to carry out my line and blood of course . i like coming up with names too . i'd say an infj or infp , since they're seen as thoughtful and what not . i've noticed people want to be like us intps though , with all the recent popular characters . oh no i was implying redcorn wasn't intuitive . i guess dale could be an istp , but he has all the alien and conspiracy views . how is hank 1w9 ? and redcorn an infp ? shouldn't gribble be entp ? ahh congrats that's ... whoa . ah sometimes , but if i need to be one i can . hola minion person . whose minion are you anyway ? mostly caucasian with some native american and you could almost say middle eastern . some of us are in high school ... bleh . annoying , angry , boring , crazy , brotherly , i'm not even sure . astrology s fun but yea it ain't true man . here's a few 78677 78676 78678 78679 78680 any of the south american countries would be good for what you do . of course you have to check if your program coincides with the ones in other places . some parts of europe can be quite expensive , ... hola ! : 3 what do you mean by gift of prophecy ? and it's cool you like nonfiction . it's good to read about actual things sometimes . after memory loss thing hehe nice . i thought is was and infp and at one point an isfj ? but naw i'm intx doodoodoo congrats haaa . i'd say most are true that i know of . ( that annoying awww when theres a picture of a baby tiger ) it's funny though . where's teenage boys and etc . ? sx / so 2w3 ( i originally chose 7w6 , but you already are ) rereading all the harry potter books .. i'm on the third . er , i'm an intx and i'm in high school currently , but plan on studying astrophysics . anyone have tips or suggestions ? infp because you like deep stuff . enfj , because you do not find puppy dogs to be cute . and you like cafés . thanks for choosing a fifteen minute song o . o . i would have liked it more , if it wasn't for the length . not much to say really , it changes a lot for one . recycle-nektar ... on here making this post , thinking about food , wanting to sleep .. 77971 it's a bit hard to classify people long dead , but i'm interested nevertheless . most are probably xnxp , seeing as it fits the type of people to compose this music . well i really just wanted to explore as a kid , and i liked space and dinosaurs . i guess from the time i was 4-7 i was more of an enfp , but reverted back ? yea brynnolf is cool . do you have dragonborn ? hola . there's quite a few swedish coming onto here but i'm glad . i like your picture , donkeys are cool . i find this really funny , i mean we all have different music taste . nevertheless some of these are really good , i thought we'd be using some crazy youtube parodies . xstp , xntp , or xntj most likely . other types would likely misjudge the situation or not realize if your grandma is trying to eat your brain out , you gotta kill her . keeping slaves back then and treating them kindly would be the best . if you let them free , someone would probably just shoot them or sell them when they went off . it was the norm , and he was going ...