' i'll give it a shot yugi : infp idealistic and wide eyed as can be atem / dark yugi : inxj i see more ni than si which would rule out xstj ( imo ) . not sure about fe / te but ni definitely . anzu / tea : ... especially if they have special powers . xd vegeta from dragon ball z is another example . i used to type him as xntj but he is definitely a strong si user . i'm pretty sure i misinterpreted his si for ni for whatever reason . estj works but ... elsa from frozen gets typed infj all the time . where is her ni ? i don't see it at all ! she is isxj . her si is very obvious to me . i'm unsure about fe or te as i can see both . i'm leaning ... i'm going to make a second guess about the guardians . i have a hunch that the main cast ( aside from possibly rocket and yondu ) are feelers . peter : exfp gamora : isfp for sure . her fi / se is ... i personally have a hard time seeing her as si dom . yes , she most certainly has si and ne ( how people see her as entj i will never know ) but i can't see her as a sensor . when i think of a very ... i just got into this show and i absolutely love it ! i'm still unsure about the townsfolk but i think i have the main characters down for the most part . here we go ! steven : enfp . his fi / ne is ... i've never seen the show , but i just found the movie on netflix . i liked it a lot better than i thought i would and i actually recommend it . it's silly but it has really fun characters . i'll give ... what about yami yugi / atem / pharaoh from yu-gi-oh ? i've seen people type him as infj . makes sense to me ... especially in season 0 . i pretty much agree with the above : joel : isfp mike : isxp crow : enfp servo : estp gypsy : esfj dr . forrester : entp tvs frank : enfp pearl : entj now that i've watched more episodes i'm fairly certain patrick's original personality is isfp . new episodes he hardly has a personality . maybe a really stupid estp ( that's a big maybe ) but i don't ... goku from dbz aladdin stan from south park big bird pumbaa mary margarete from once upon a time bambi i can also see gamora from guardians of the galaxy as isfp ( the movie version of her ) where are people getting si for squidward ? aside from constantly getting annoyed by his neighbors , i don't see it . also , a lot of people seem to be typing spongebob as enfj . yes he's fe to the ... i see vader as istj . maybe prequel anikan was enfp ( though imo he has se rather than ne ) .. but certainly not the original trilogy . i find it interesting that people type davy jones as infp . i ... villains i am sure about : loki : infj . no doubt in my mind . hans : i definitely can see as enfj . prince john from the animated robin hood : an incredibly whiny infp xd regina from once upon a ... ( accidental double post ) i really , really appreciate your help . thank you for helping me clarify that . i'm very much okay with being infp . they are very creative and make for really fun characters in movies / tv . the only ... oh , that's an interesting way to put it . hmm ... well , all my life i've always struggled with being shy and socially awkward . it does not help that i have a cognitive learning disorder ... which ... thank you so much for responding to me , usernames are not fun ! i honestly haven't considered istj . i just may have to do some more research on that . at this point i can't rule it out since i'm ... for the longest time i thought i was ixfp . in fact , i was positive i was . however , i've been having second thoughts . i know for sure i'm an ixfx but i've been noticing a lot of si ( or what i am ... i was thinking the same thing actually . almost everyone i know who takes the test online test as n simply because of how some of the questions are worded . then they feel all proud of themselves ... yes ! you explained that wonderfully ! there's just no way goku's enfp . se / fi to the absolute core with next to zero ne . i still don't understand where people are getting ne from him ? ? because he ... i'm guessing piccolo's more intj . i honestly see more si in vegeta than i do piccolo . [ quote = atarulum ; 2245188 2 ] goku could be estp [ / quote no doubt he has se / ni . i can't say i see any fe in him though . out of curiosity , where are you getting that he's a thinker ? i guess i'm not understanding where you're getting ne / si . fi / te i 100 % agree with but the only thing i can possibly think of that would make him ne would be his idealistic morals of allowing ... also ... dude ! where can i take that test ? that looks awesome . :D yeah , i don't see a lot of ni in your answers . definitely si for sure which establishes your ne . i think it's now a matter of are you fe or fi ? if that were the case , wouldn't that make you isfj ? so you only watched through season 7 ? why's that out of curiosity ? hehe . thank you . : laughing : believe it or not i just started watching spongebob . granted it was really popular when i was in high school but i never paid much attention to it . but , thanks to a ... be proud ! especially since i pretty much agreed with everything you listed here . xd sorry ... i googled spongebob myers briggs and it brought me here so i'm sorry for replying late to this . i ... goku : isfp ( his fi / se is all over the place ) gohan : infp ( the best i got for him so far ) chi-chi : esfj ( fe ftw ! ) goten : isfp ( i can't think of any other type for him ) krillin : isfj vegeta : ... how is spongebob entp ? there's no doubt in my mind that he has ne but i really can't see that as his dom . curious about your thoughts :) my fellow americans ... sponge bob : esfj ( strong fe for sure but where are people getting ni from ? if anything he has weak ne ... ) patrick : ixfp that has potential but is way too lazy to do anything about it . ... perhaps you relate to her ne ? wow ... it's been so long since i've seen this scene ! vegeta's a fascinating character , isn't he ? i can see what you mean about his si and how i could have been mistaking it with ni . for the ... ooo ! nice ! thank you . : chuncky : anything's better than gt ... i'll even take the end of dbz over that . vegeta's mustache is just all kinds of wrong . > . < speaking of vegeta ... i'm sort of having ... yeah , there's no way he's a p or an s . he's definitely some kind of enxj . yeah , true . ugh ... i really hate that ending . i love goku ... he's one of my favorite characters but still ! c'mon , man ! i hope this new dbz series ( dragon ball super ) will write that off as ... goku : isfp ( so much fi / se ) vegeta : i want to say entj but i'm having doubts about how much te he has . future trunks : infp gohan : infj chi chi : esfj bulma : enfj ? she definitely has fe ... at first i thought he was esfp but the more i thought about it the more certain i am that he's fi dom . he's warm hearted but kind of on his own terms . he loves his friends and wants to protect them ... out of curiosity why would you want to be an n ? a lot of the time i find myself wishing i had more s ( especially se ) since they are so eager to see / explore their surroundings and take action . my ... i don't see how mary ann is infp . yes she's sensitive , yes she's shy , kind , and what not ... but swear she has more fe than fi . i recently found some of the books and was reading through them and i ... i re-watched the first madagascar movie ( the next two are on my to do list ) . here's what i gathered from the first movie alone . alex - esfp marty - enfp glory - esfj ( ? ) melman - isfj ... stan : estj though i can see estp in certain episodes . francine : esfj with a suppressed wild side . hayley : isfp steve : estp ( ? ) maybe entp roger : entp all the way . so much ne klaus : istj ... i'm sorry , i can't see it . i also don't see how he wants to make the world a better place at all . he even said so himself : do i really look like a guy with a plan ? you know what i am ? i'm a dog ... what about the penguins ? i just saw the new penguins of madagascar movie and i've been trying to type them . i never watched the show and it's been forever since i've seen the madagascar movies so ... why did you type stan as an infp out of curiosity ? butters seems more infp than he is . i don't see kyle as intp whatsoever , but i'm curious as to what your reasons are for typing him . i'm not ... okay here we go ... right now i'm shooting for isfp ( fi / se ) or istj ( si / te ) for stan . leaning more toward isfp . in an odd way it makes sense to me . ( right now anyway . : confused :) '