' thank you very much for your thorough and helpful answer ! :) i will definitely apply your advice . :) what a trying time in your lives ! i hope you two will be friends again someday , even if ... update : things have been moving forward the past few days . enfj seems to feel more comfortable around me . his behavior is loosening up a bit , like he knows it's safe to say things in my presence ... ha ha ! that was perfect ! ( okay , it would have perfect for me , lol . ) but i think an enfj would find your gesture extremely sweet . i really like it because it was thoughtful and funny . good job putting ... as an infp , i can super-relate to this . i used to feel that if i were paying attention to one group of friends ( or person ) that somehow i was being disloyal to another group ( or person ) . it really ... details ! details ! : happy : if you experiment with this , it would be really interesting to hear the results , for better or worse . :) hmm . i've been thinking about this , and it's difficult to give advice when your subjective experience is so foreign to me . but ... i have noticed in nts the ability to decode a situation in ... sounds like you all got along pretty well , though . :) that's funny ! : laughing : what was it that worked between the two of you ? did you never feel judged ? love the cthulu . i'm sorry to hear that . ( i didn't know enfjs could have worst possible times in their lives , lol . ) why did it suck ? i'm asking what infps thought of their experiences dating enfjs because i'd like to hear it from the perspective of my own kind . other types are welcome to respond , but i'm particularly interested ... i profile everyone . i look into their motivations , their actions , anything i can wrap my mind around . but only those i'm interested in on some serious level , whether it be friendship or more , do i ... thank you for this , jungify . i understand this completely . i'm watching him to see where he has planted his walls , and i know i have hurdled at least one small one , possibly more . a few days ago he ... if you can , bounce off of what she is already talking about . if she is relaying an anecdote from her life ( or anyone's life ) , respond with , this one time i was . . . then , if she hasn't already ... dulcinea , thank you , thank you , thank you ! i see what you mean now . and in my mind , it really elucidates how a j might handle a relationship differently from a p . or maybe it's just me . from ... intjs . so cute , yet [ place themselves ] so far away ! ;) gotcha . thanks for the help ! if i make progress ( or not ) , i'll let you know . in the meantime , if y'all think of anything else to add , i'm listening ! i'll be in my corner plucking up some courage . ... now take a deep breath , relax , and change your mood to content . ... and let us know how it goes . ;) thanks for telling me this . it gives me some hope and more strategy to work with . :) umm , you don't mean , like , tell him how i feel about him , right ? ? you mean about stuff in general ? ... once she begins , i predict things will move quickly . i mean , with the whole opening up thing . :) wait . what ? why would they need to hide feelings if they only want a friendship ? there would be no feelings if they only think of the person as a friend , correct ? ( oops , sorry , i deleted too ... thanks , einstein , that really helps . you've given me something to chew on . leave it to an intj ! :) am interested in hearing from others , too . :) there is a thread on here somewhere that mentioned enfjs showed their romantic interest by sharing personal information . i'd like to explore that further , because what one enfj considers personal ... thanks , you guys , so much ! thank you for being understanding and not judgmental . . . and ever so helpful ! today i was going to apply your recommendations , but i didn't get to see him . i have ... looking for some sympathy here . i'm an infp , and i have a crush on an enfj . it's the first time i've met one , other than my brother . but i just found out he has a girlfriend . i'm bummed . i'm ... the only thing i can think of to say here is . . . try to enjoy the agony . : tongue : my thoughts exactly , especially reading through this thread . shared philosophies : 1 ) cooking sucks , but ya gotta eat , so might as well keep it easy and simple 2 ) limit social contacts : too ... have you never experienced this feeling with a romantic interest ? ( not judging , just curious . ) : happy : jeeez . : shocked : i think it hit a sore spot with some of them ( hence the new thread for the topic ) , so whether it's ok is debatable . an intj with a lack of closure ? maybe a heightened * desire * for closure , which if not achieved may bring anxiety . believe it or not , it was indeed an nf who used the word retard ( an enfp , if i ... such as ? if a person is mostly unemotional , then any pain that is felt is felt like a pin-prick rather than a knife through the heart , right ? so , if you have failed relationships , what do you ... i have wanted desperately to take revenge , but never have . i had lots of dreams about it , though ! sorry , i think i had my timeline screwed up , something that happens inordinately often . : sad : precisely . that's what i meant by both types being able to use their inferior functions , but it isn't worth it to you ( in the sports analogy ) , so you don't mess with it . i got a d in calculus . ... if you think of one , let me know ! question : are istps emotional retards ? i think of the f in istps the way i think of t in myself : there's just not much of it there . if you were to put a calculus equation in front of me , i'd ... without going back and reading the whole thread again , i'd venture to say that it should all be relevant to intj-infp relations . : happy : you * might * want to wait until after the two of you have reaclimated yourselves to each other following the summer break . think of it as a warm-up period . or just go for it ! : laughing : i'd be careful to put too much stock into what feels like an ( instant ) connection . yeah , getting that badly needed affirmation is like taking a breath after having been under water too long . but he still should have found a way to contact you to let you know his phone was ... you know you're an infp when you realize it would be unwise to marry another infp . both parties would risk starvation and homelessness ! : tongue : it gets better . <<<hug> > > when you pay for the gas . . . but drive off without putting the gas in . twice . yep . lucky : any experience with qi gong ? i'd like to try it myself . i don't know about other infps , but what you describe is very much like what i experience . : laughing : my family thinks i'm crazy . agreed . and not only does it require balance , but it first requires a desire by both parties to put in the effort . guess that did seem a bit harsh , lol . the thing is , once a critical mass has been reached - and then surpassed - permanent damage has usually been done . no worries ! : tongue : yeah . i would have been suspicious had i not heard some of his coworkers / friends discussing it with him . '