' i can't say much really as none of this truly applies to me - i'm not american , so it's not my place to try and guess how things are going to unfold for you guys . but all i can say is in the grand ... i hate people * someone smiles at you * i love people when you overthink about overthinking . i think hate is just going to become the norm more and more . people are weak . they hate what happens in the world , they hate the terrorism , they hate the authority , so they become hateful and cause ... i vary . i struggle to have empathy sometimes when i feel frustrated at the world and the things that are happening and the people in it . but then sometimes i feel so intensely empathic that i feel ... sorry for the bump but i came across this topic just now . i've always wanted a proper description of a 451 since that's the tritype i think i am most likely to be . and this just relates so well to ... ^ i really relate to this one . in summer i go walking a lot , just local ones , but i sort of keep my head down , music on , very aware if i'm about to walk past someone ( i get worries like my music ... i'm basing this on myself really because i don't know any other infjs in my real life . ( probably because we're all stuck inside on our computers on sites like these xd ) eye movements : i don't like ... oh , i have really vivid dreams . if i get any soon i'll share them here , i can't remember what my dream was last night . i like qualities of a lot of them . estjs i tend to dislike at first but then in a weird way come to like them more as i know them longer . enfps are so full of life that i always find them fascinating ... oh right , well it just makes my senses come alive when i go for walks at night , it makes me feel spontaneous and totally living in the present rather than fixating on the past or future . maybe it's ... dancing , or going for walks at night . both things that have already been said :) this is the most accurate thing i've ever read : o 390834 truthfully , the only one i could tick was sex with someone of a superior status . none of the others really clicked with me ... and i don't understand why this one did , but that's just it - it just ... when you're around people , you either talk so much in one go that you come across an extrovert , or you're so quiet and reserved that people actually get worried about you . talkative me : i want to ... thanks for the help everyone , yeah i've decided it's probably time to say something . it's had a rocky road so far and i feel like it's only because i just can't connect with her very well in the same ... weirdly enough i absolutely hated science , it wasn't until i reached gcse years and started taking it seriously that i saw just how many doors there were to science . i discovered a serious love for ... ' kay , i don't know if what i'm about to say is exclusive to just infjs , or basically anyone who feels more than just sexual attraction to their partner . but how do you cope with sexual relationships ? ... in the past the way i've flirted is by blushing insanely and trying to hold a conversation without smiling , and then failing at this , getting embarrassed and running off . you can think of the best comebacks , but rarely ever get to put them into use , because it's very unlikely that the scenario you've seen unfold inside your head will actually happen . don't worry intps , we think you're awesome . : kitteh : i'm quite sure it's because we are dominant intuitives , that we are here . or is it something else that i have not foreseen ? oh my goodness , yes . when you love having people you deeply care about , who deeply care about you . but sometimes you just would also love to block everyone you know out of your life for a period ... is this because we are all dominant intuitives ? well , hey , but i agree with him ^ , we need a topic here . :p i'd say i'm observant , individualistic and creative . i got this sudden idea , i've seen so many mbti examples for each type's laugh or how each type would dance , and this just struck me as an extremely creative one to use . so in your opinion , how ... i agree , i like to understand my intuition as well , i like to know the thought process that my brain followed before reaching the conclusion . it's more ni because often my thought patterns are purely ... i feel like it's everything to me - scientific , spiritual , emotional and so much more . because this is the way i naturally function best , it means everything in my life i have to evaluate or face , ... i tend to pick up things i don't like but then push them aside because i want to give them the benefit of the doubt . then it always comes back to bite me when i least expect it . yes , i did act very extroverted as a child . but only when i was around people , because i liked to entertain , but when i was alone i was a lot quieter and could entertain myself for hours due to my ... i went for the most popular vote apparently . i love being affectionate with people i'm close with , but struggle to with people i'm not . the aspect of caring an awful lot about how other people feel sounds very infj , but for me i like a bit of mutual compromise . if i'm giving someone advice and putting my all into it , i like people to ... thanks everyone for the advice . :) i have taken a little break from it all and overall feel a lot better , and have been concentrating more on the positive comments etc . i guess half the problem ... well , we used to be extremely close , and the story was based around that time too . so part of it is because i wanted him and a few others in particular to like it , but also because it was one of the ... my fe is driving me insane ! in a desperate attempt to build my motivation again , i returned back to doing some games designing . i used both my ni and fe to build it by doing a really subtle game with ... thanks for the insights though . :) i guess it's extremely exciting because i haven't done acting since school and the only reason i never followed it up is because i believed , like most other people ... what to pick ... myself and achieve true harmony between everyone ... or avoid social suicide and just pick a random name . :D true infj struggle , that is . so i feel like i have found my hidden talent - acting . as an infj i care an awful lot about my identity and so taking up other identities and reacting to others ' emotions , is really exciting for me . i ... when this is you , more often than not : i'm not that sensitive , i'm actually quite rational - what ? did she just say what i thought she said .. ? now i'm really upset . this is extremely relevant to me right now ... recently i've been in a non-stop dissociation mode , i just can't feel anything and when i do feel it is overwhelming . an awful lot of guilt is attached to ... 8w7 vibe with some sp / so i'm a self preservation 4 , water / earth . water is very accurate to me , but i'd see myself personally as more air than earth . i'm a fan of dry humour or wit . :) edit - like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A6G9BoE2Aww or this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oO125n03qMs tell me if this is something that people here relate to .. ? when sometimes it is so hard to apologise , because you genuinely feel so much pain and guilt whenever you reflect on something bad you've ... does anyone else here feel like they want to experiment with their identity and functions etc ? i've got this urge and have done for a while , to join lots of different sites and on each site , act ... i get flashbacks and dissociation , i have not been formally diagnosed with ptsd but i'm aware it's a possibility because of the fact i get delusions / hallucinations as well based around my past . ( this ... yes , very much so . the only thing that was of infp essence that i also did along with everything listed for infj , is that i do try to share a very personal understanding level with people when i'm ... feeling too cold . too wet or too dry ? actually , i love it . i'd hate it if the whole world was the same as me . the only thing i struggle with is finding someone who has the ability to understand what my mind goes through every single day ... maybe check the functions ? infp = fi + ne isfp = fi + se my mum is infp , dad is isfp . cool huh ? so i might be able to help here . for example , take an argument , not even that , a debate . my ... i just wanted to stop hurting i have an eating disorder and i'm an infj , it's really really tough , the hardest thing i've ever had to deal with in my life . she will be going through a lot , but as long as she has doctors and ... '