' powerful song . barely recognized in the metal scene , because people just want phil to sing melodic catchy tunes like they did on overcome and the singles from fall of ideals . also , why isn't ... yeah , but i thought it sounded more pleasant without mentioning that part . my thoughts , exactly . when i realized i was the only one in kindergarten who could spell words with more than four letters . being intelligent didn't seem like a big deal then , but i soon realized that everybody in ... i'd rather be entp . i can analyze a lot of pros from s , f and j , but i don't want to completely change . i'd just rather be more of an extraverted thinker . hell yeah , richie ! that's oddly inspiring . for the sake of the question , let's assume that your soul was also copied . i'd name him scott , because my girlfriend refuse to name our first son scott , and i'd like to rub this in her face . i would raise him as my son , and explain things to him when he's able to ... i honestly don't understand exactly what you're proposing . i suppose things that are made by intelligent beings are a product of intelligent design , but we didn't create the entire universe . if ... i haven't thought about this . i would love to fight myself . cheers to you , sir . yep . and any idea you think up , they've also considered . there's just enough variation to avoid having you both ... that's the thing about it . you would both feel the same about any decision . if you wanted to leave them to your life , they'd also want to leave you to your life . it's just as much their life as ... let's say you've been cloned . well , not cloned , but copied . one morning , you wake up to find yourself sleeping next to ... yourself . both of you are exactly the same--same body , same mind , same ... this band found on tpb . i want to have sex with her voice . https://soundcloud.com/hanna-kerttu/snow-stories if i were gay , this song would make me wanna fuck the shit out of hetfield ... but i'm ... letters that fucking suck : x95 r - it should be a vowel . native english speakers don't roll it , at least not the important ones , and many barely ever pronounce it . x95 w - also a vowel . it's a ... it was all the same for me during middle school . i don't know what happened when i hit high school though . people stopped bothering me . i mean , my classmates and i were fully aware that we didn't ... in high school , i used to leave school ( during p . e , history , or english ) for a cigarette , and i'd end up going to the library , which was right up the road , for a half-hour or so . it's the reason i ... i pop a pretty mean kickflip . this seems so ... anti-religious . it's like you're portraying spirituality as something that only exists as a vice . when i started to read the last one , it brought a little hope to the dark cave of ... atheist , but an agnostic atheist . i don't know there's isn't a god , but i'm very convinced that there isn't one . i'd be happy to be proven right , but even happier so to be proven wrong . the world ... i do look at other people occasionally even while in a relationship , but it's not the same , apathetic almost . when i'm single , i'm thinking to myself , goddamn , i would do unholy things to that fine ... isn't there a guy sponsored by redbull ( yay , capitalism ) who is going to skydive from space ? i think it's supposed to happen in the summer . google it . i tend to be competitive . when i lose at something , i enjoy the loss but only because it pushes me to try harder for the next contest . of course , if i'm on a losing streak , i'll get angry and ... i don't think this question is specific enough . i think the bigger question asks how to utilize these functions , you know , the ' little things ' that would help . at least , for me , that's the question . the banana is sideways . oh ! wait . it's supposed to be . i see it now here's few nabbed from my facebook . mind the happy . http://a8.sphotos.ak.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ak-snc6/263148_210981378939405_1000826321206_551699_7584887_n.jpg one of these things is not like the ... that there is one of my favorite places on the internet . huh ... those anger me . it's all about mental health and stress . introverts can be lacking extroversion when stressed and become reclusive , and fearful . extroverts can become too extroverted when stressed and turn into ... chandler bing x95 get your damn ponies off of my internet . x95 you're still my closest friend . x95 because of you , i believe in love . too bad you left . x95 your emotions will be the end of you . i'm sure of it . x95 ... i used to be badly unsociable , but for the past half-decade or so i've been going through deliberate mental changes--getting into buddhism , trying to become more social , making attempts at more ... erm ... se , fi , and fe i think fi has made the most progress so far . se is my weakest . i have a lot of trouble remembering names and faces . i'll often forget someone's name 2 minutes after they ... we're way too analytic . come to think of it , everybody on this forum is . i guess that's why we come here . i've finally decided to go with minarchism . i was researching something about anarchy and i happened upon the word . not knowing what it was , naturally , i went to google for a definition . it ... 2 cats : esfj and isfp they act like total opposites . preoccupied with information and contently oblivious of the outside world . i really don't think you can explain any personality type with one sentence but , i tried anyways . i think it's possible to sleep without dreaming ( the consciousness going off for a few hours ) because , once or twice , i've closed my eyes to go to sleep and at that very second , i woke up and it was ... actually , i have the opposite problem . i'm too apathetic . i ignore things that most people would consider a crisis . i don't know what to do about it sometimes ( i can't force myself to care . ) but then ... well , i do have emotions ( duh ) . they're just very subtle . sometimes i feel like they really aren't there , but i know they are . it's weird how i can watch something ( stand-up / youtube videos ) and find ... almost agreeable . the strong emotion i feel the most often is anger , but it's still not very often that i do , and i only get angry at stupid things like ( quoting myself ) video games and pickle jars . 1 . unintentionally walked into something ? wall , doorway , pole ? i walk into the corners of the walls in my house all the time . too eager to take the turn , i guess . 2 . watched tv for over four hours ... this is a fun one . hippopotomonstrosesquippedaliophobia hilariously , it's the fear of long words . the guy who came up with this one is a douchebag along with the creator of the word lisp . elder scrolls 5 : skyrim releasing 11/11 / 11 i want it . i want it . i want it . i want it . i want it . i want it . why how bacon pointless objective subjective arbitrary cunt i dunno about them being my favorites , but these are just words i use a lot . bull . i'll whoop you in any fps . : happy : these seem about right . also the satellites i've always thought that freedom and civilization can't coexist . the only way that we could really be free to do what we please is if we were cavemen with no way to communicate the way we do with ... agreed . the change of the thanks button is the only new thing i've spotted that i don't like . i don't see the point of the achievements ( apparently this is a video game ) but they don't really ... i completely agree . the more people tell / ask me to do something , the less i want to do it . apparently , everyone else sees it the other way around and give me a minute , literally means one minute , ... '