' i fail to see any specific reason for why an infj would be particularly inclined to religious beliefs , as compared with other types . infjs are often spiritual , yes , but spirituality is simply a ... something i am realising lately is how dreadful most people's taste in music is . its crap . fucking hell . it's as if they associate what they hear with only the most basic blocks of emotion . i ... not this shit again . i'm referencing the discussion itself . your example involves personal relationships . that indeed shows that healthy relations between sensors and intuitives are possible , but doesn't address the ... ' some people don't completely identify with their star sign personality traits ' ... and what are we to do with these people ? forget about them ? gradually going crazy alone . that's great , but the point was to address the subject of the thread / op which is to identify a ' fake infj ' . my concern is with misinformation . calling out those infjs who struggle with social ... no , this is wrong . you're projecting your own personal experience and neglecting to consider other factors such as health level , culture , enneagram type and the ni and fe ' subtypes ' to name a few . ... yea it seems intuitives often end up taking the brunt of the compromise and it can be daunting at times . ne-doms are a little better at it . but i do get the impression that sensors , as the ... you mean the op's phrasing . if it were my question , i would have worded it differently for precisely that reason . nevertheless , the op doesn't indicate the specific reason behind why she feels ... well , that was a predictable outcome . the offended sensors giving the typical defensive ' it's not us , it's you retort ... followed by the unconvincing patronisation from those who are afraid to ... being an atheist / non-christian is not an example of an ' odd ' individual . perhaps the question here pertains not to the frequency of odd people you supposedly encounter , but rather to the way you ... schizoid . what a word . makes us sound like a bunch of escaped mental patients . or social pariahs to be identified and rounded up . ' he's a schizoid ! seize him ! ' as a typically standoffish type ... why does power go to the most ignorant ? my entire fucking life revolves around other people's poor judgement . any simple thing that i want is always too much to ask . or maybe i am simply a ... good for you . i , however , am often surrounded by people yet feel unfulfilled by their company . being alone simply removes the pressure of having to perform in order to not offend . nevertheless , ... i'm not sure these should necassrily be treated as distinct from one another . a and d are closely related for me . i am an extremely visual thinker , but it is very abstract in nature so as to be ... if i take a casual glance around in a public , i can now assume with reasonable certainty that i will be met with the sight of at least 50 % of the crowd hunched over their smartphones . it's ... what small talk feels like ... https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=fgOaT4xzdvo i despise these fucking stupid people online who insist on calling everything ' pretentious ' . the dunning-kruger effect in all its glory . imagine how shit and regimental art would be , if it were ... i see this broad spectrum of potential conversation subjects , but it would seem that the area of that spectrum deemed socially acceptable accounts for about 5 % of it . perhaps 2-3 % if you don't count ... infjs don't have tribes . we have revolutionary movements . but seriously , no . the tribes are always formed before i get there . i have this internal image of a bunch of people huddled together ... very funny . i'm walking through town and i see a group of preachers with megaphones declaring with the utmost grandiosity that atheism is a ' temporary ' condition . jebus is the cure . well , i'm convinced . ... i really hate this movement of denouncing creative freedom in favour of emphasising ' creative constraints ' . by this logic , kubrick's movies would been so much better had he consulted the producers ... yes , that would probably play a part . but it depends on what type of audience / followers you want to attract . as an infj , i should be the obvious target audience . but that is hardly a large ... ah , the overwhelming stench of dominant fe . definitely an imposter , but also far from the most dramatic example of a mistype i've seen ... there is another so-called infj youtuber i have in mind ... my brain is a biological vr headset . if someone attempts to speak to me in real life , they'll often be met with an expression akin to being abruptly woken from a deep sleep . ni is subjective ... film is the most powerful because it involves all of those things . it's not just ' visual ' . it also incorporates sound , music , acting , storytelling / writing , cinematography etc . that's just the way it is . i want to force choke those people . inferior ni = flat earthers i never liked when people talk about how they ' dumped ' someone . such a crude and nasty way of phrasing it . that was a person , not a piece of waste . this is the attitude i see in people . they ... no one ever shares my opinion on movies ... or games ... or anything for that matter . if i think something is great , everyone else shits on it . if i think something is awful , everyone else worships it ... i hate when people abuse their position of authority . they seem to think that being in charge automatically implies that they know better and are therefore justified in demeaning you accordingly if ... reformer . whereas , the creator or advocate seem far more relatable to me . the questions are too dichotomous . no . no . no . wrong . the test is either broken or extremely poorly done . lol i suppose having their masculinity questioned would be one obstacle , yes . although i think true masculinity should be able to withstand the process . if it falls apart under the first attempt to ... i think in some cases , that may be internalised sexism on their part . for some men , it is easier to repress and just play along then it is to face the painful obstacles of the alternative . but ... i know and i'm sorry ... but that is the point . i don't actually believe that women belong in the kitchen . it is not your right to dictate to anyone how they should feel or how they behave simply because it works to your convenience . get back in the kitchen . . i'm not sure why you think this is an acceptable comment to make . delivering sexist statements with a smiley emoticon like that as if you think you're superior or something . stop looking down on ... forgive my contribution . . . it isn't ... everyone sees something different so the image one puts across won't necessarily have the expected effect in every situation . i just want to be ... seen . and heard . my ego ... ha . i end up just shutting my blinds completely to protect against their blinding onslaught of normality . i present either a one-way mirror ... or darkness . i call it social claustrophobia . ... well i've just about managed to have one of the worst days of my life . it seems even when i'm trying to be normal i still somehow manage to blast weirdness rays all over people . leave this planet ... female infjs seem to be popular enough , especially as romantic candidates . when you hear of ' ideal matches ' and romantic success stories between infjs and other types , it is always the female who is ... i have no sympathy for women who have all these typical man issues with their boyfriends . you made the decision to date the asshole , so you can live with it . they insist a certain kind of behaviour ... '