' why ? how ? watch this . here's why you're wrong : i told you that's how the movie / show / play / whatever was going to end . $ 10 says i'm right about this . i was right . i'm right ... don't know about you guys , but when someone fucking talks over me , i lose my shit . then again , i think everyone gets agitated by that . photographer here , amateur . flickr : slippery-q's photostream here's my flickr . rising above my peers , all of the possibilities in this world , and my own enjoyment . laze around . 1 . what is your ' general state of mind ' in following situations as an ne-dom , : a . working on a problem / issue b . in a social situation c . one-on-one discussion d . while being alone ( leisure time ) ... absolutely terrible at math . i excel in every other subject . 1 . i have difficulty getting organized . 2 . when given a task , i usually procrastinate rather than doing it right away . 3 . i work on a lot of projects , but can't seem to complete most of them . 4 . i ... i get along well with them when it's just a casual encounter . however , once a deep discussion arises , or a specific situation arises , i'm seen as an ass , and they're seen as too sensitive . so , it ... unless a side makes absolute sense to us , we won't pick either . typically , either side makes sense , but it also stupid as shit at the same time . plus , it's less interesting to take one specific side ... get it , son . yeah , i've heard that before ; sounds terrible , in my opinion . no idea how they're even consider punk . when i think of punk , i think of : dag nasty , fugazi , bad religion , minutemen , urinals , ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ATEUozct-4Y very catchy song . i was only bullied for my skin color . 2nd - 3rd grade year , i was around a lot of black kids , and they bullied me because i am white . 4th - 6th grade year , i moved to el paso , and a lot of the kids ... an older picture , found it going through my computer . http://i.imgur.com/OFpIR.jpg wear a shirt that states , the categorical imperative is the only true form of morality , prove me wrong . i'm pretty positive that anyone who approaches you in a friendly manner , offers a ... are those tests really even worth the money ? also , i've taken a few free one's , and i always come out as entp on those also . i have not , that is a good idea . however , when i read through ... anyone else here feel that way ? i just took a test at jungian cognitive function quiz , and scored entp , but i still don't feel like one . every test i have scored on , i always come out as entp , but ... i wouldn't consider myself an entrepreneur , though , i do often consider many ideas i think of as great businesses . i should really start to write them down , and then sell the ideas to those looking ... i pick my nose frequently , don't care if anyone is watching or not . oops , forgot to put an i before that don't . don't cherish or detest them , once the relationship is over , they've lost meaning , and they become just another item . would willy wonka be an entp ? saw this , then immediately thought , who doesn't value the truth ? are there people / types to are less prone to valuing the truth ? paranoid : low schizoid : moderate schizotypal : high antisocial : low borderline : low histrionic : low narcissistic : low avoidant : low dependent : low obsessive-compulsive : low one of my best friends is an estp . i typically bore her with long conversations , so usually , we keep it short and simple , and just have a fun time . i usually just tune-out my emotions , game , indulge myself with knowledge , or fuck around until the feelings are gone . my sex drive is terrible , i have no idea what happened to me . edit : wait a minute , i'm not an entp female . why the hell did i post in here ? visual > kinesthetic > auditory a - 7 b - 4 c - 5 i also fall under this category . don't really give a shit either way , i have more important things to worry about , not if there is / isn't a god ( s ) . eh , it was preferable for females , but i'll still include male input . anyhow , thanks , mang . in a way , you're right , in a way , you're wrong . while i'm not here for gaining a higher understanding of the relationship , i'm here to gain a higher understanding of myself from another perspective ... just curious , my ex-girlfriend is an istj , and obviously , things did not work out . so , i'd like to see what you guys think of entps . preferably istj female thoughts on an entp male . edit : also , no ... not entirely too sure what i feel at the moment . i guess the same i always do when i'm not feeling a stronger emotion like anger or something of that nature . i'm not sad , nor am i happy . i'm not ... i like to talk about pretty much anything . not really any boundaries on what my mind likes to explore / analyze , and different subjects evoke different thought processes , and soon , even more thought ... he was sole food for the tigers . ahahahahahahahahahaha . ahhh , yeah , he's a dumbass . no sympathy from me . i'm sure i'm not the only one here with a wide-range of different hobbies . in fact , i'm pretty sure i remember it saying somewhere that entp's tend to hold a multitude of varying hobbies . so , name ... oh hey , i have an estp best friend who happens to be a girl . she is a fucking lunatic . you know you're an entp when you're listening to a song , find flaws within the lyrics , change the lyrics to make them flow better and make more sense , and then tell yourself , i should be a song ... - routine gaining an excessive amount of fucking boring . - always having to find new ways to keep myself entertained . - if i get to know someone too well , they eventually begin to bore the living ... http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/Harden_560939_2970422.jpg how's this for motivation ? anyone else here have odd obsessions that they'd like to share ? or things that you've temporarily obsessed over that were odd ? for the longest time , i have had the biggest obsession for ... indeed , as long as there is a great memory behind it , then it's all well worth it . yeah . or there's always the option of creating fun for yourself . go get into big trouble with johnny law , act gay for a night , and see how many guys you can get to hit on you in a gay bar before ... i was tested in 7th grade by my psychiatrist , she didn't give my parents an exact number , but apparently i was above 140 at that time . no idea how far i've progressed since then . now that i think ... i'd say the only time i worry about perfectionism is when it's something that holds a sincere interest to me . for example , with my photography , i critique the living shit out of my own pictures . but ... this also . though , for me , i don't think others find it difficult . i just think the majority don't put forth any effort in understanding because they could give two shits less . oh , then in that case , i can agree . this , holy shit , so much this . apart from the . . . tends to hurt too fucking much . http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8447/7960641756_a961aa7d99_c.jpg '