' philosophy is the basic of knowledge . science is the result of philosophy . philosophy approach the universe fundamentally and generally . science approach the universe methodically and ... tenisetinefifesi tennis in fire . whatever . let me try . first of all , your description about yourself describe nothing about you ( except for the no . 1 ) since those are traits that can be find in a lot of everyone else which means it's neither ... oh come on , personality types are neither species or race . it has no actual relation with physical quality . gender : male age : 26-36 intelligence : gifted openness : conservative mbti personality profile : intj closest alternative we found : entj i really can't think of myself to be a conservative . out of curiousity , what do you think about entjs ? do we appear like your alter ego ? well , if i being an entj is a ticket to be perfect i would make it become my professional job and make sure i get paid at least $ 6000 for every second in my life . that actually depends on the person herself . but regarding to types and based on my personal experience and taste , i'd prefer an estj or intj woman . i prefer my spouse to be tough , logical , ... well , first of all , if you're trying to look for more validation by finding out how similar you are with another individual whose type is similar with you , you're not gonna get anywhere . you're not ... hell , i'm in my 20s and i do feel exactly the same thing . in my specific case , i think it's due to too much testosterone . well , as i don't know you personally , all i can say to you is just to face it ... well that's probably because his ni is inferior since ni is a powerful and strong function . that's just a possibility though as i don't know your husband well enough to mention the functions he use ... degree : professional hell-raising mbti : entj i certainly love it . that's right . i rely on my memory about this one . it's been long since the last time i watch / read batman . well , i think he's a se-dom since he seem to be very cautious with his surrounding that he ... simply because there are too much of them so their kind of intelligence is considered average , common , or ordinary unlike the more rare ones such as nts . i don't believe there's such thing as ... i think batman is an istp . he's a man of action after all and works very well in emergency situations . i don't think an istj could stand such thrills on a daily basis , they would at least get grumpy ... irl overrated : all esfs and ests underrated : isfx and istx as their works often under-appreciated . hated : all nts i live in a crazy country where independent but assertive and rational ... i'm an entj . most people in my life thought i'm an estp . mostly because i'm a rebellious heavy-hitting hedonistic rockstar with high testosterone and outrageous sexual activities . plus the fact that ... no , i do not . i prefer an organized style in my approach to life rather than an adaptable one . i don't want to be a product of my environment . i want my environment to be a product of me . that's a good prove regarding his sensitivity . he seem to feel offended by jeb . talks about your point that it makes more sense that he's an esfp playing an entj , it's a good point . but he's a ... esfp type most likely to date with me . i don't know why . for all my life most girls i've date and have a long-term relationship with are esfps . i used to think he's an esfp . but i don't think an esfp could stand to be as much ridiculed as he is . as far as i know , an esfp tend to try to get rid of the bad image he received . trump does not ... the problem is not specifically in esfj's stereotype but in the biased stereotype of intelligence and stupidity rather than in the varieties of human abilities themselves . many people still even ... i shall try . 1.he ' s very popular and highly admired among the ladies . 2.women describe him as a very sexy man since he's both hot and cold . 3.the guy is very clever , but he's known more for his ... i am entj . my religious view is simple : even if god does exist , i would rather stand against him than submit to him . in general , i have nothing against any religion . i mean , any religion and ... - doubled - i am entj . 1.esfp 2.estp only when it comes to lifestyle . i don't know why . but i'm sure i used to act very sp-ish before 20 which is strangely enough because i was already a te-ni user rather ... 1.entj 2.fast . 3.visual . but sometimes i calmly pronounce the words to stay focus when there's distractions . 4.distracted . 5 . a detailed skimmer . 6 . i don't mind to skip back and re-read again to ... no , just because your point of view is subjective doesn't mean my point is nothing but uninterpreted facts . you haven't even explain to me giving a proof in which part i'd most definitely insult ... that's how you think about it but that's not how it's been truly said . i've said earlier that it was an example of both an isfj and infp based with two people of the type and not an entire ... just a suggestion , try to consider estp . by the way you describe yourself you don't fit with neither entp or entj because of how simplistic and concrete your explanation is . i think that my ... lol . i didn't mean that . really . this is funny , now you sound like an infp . lol . however , keep in mind that two people with the same exact type would not be 100 % similar with each other as it would still vary to each individual . ... easy . your mom : isfj your dad : estp your sister : esfp do note that this might not be very accurate since the typology itself is more about one's mental and thinking process which happen ... if you described yourself accurately you clearly are an isfj . i'll explain from my experience with both type . one of my exes whose family i was close enough with is an infp . her sister is an isfj ... let me continue , robert fripp is an intp . he once say that he was struggle to learn how to play guitar , thought that he was tone deaf and it took 7 years for him to finally master his chosen ... i don't think this is an intuitive or xntps problem but human's nature which is also the reason why we have choice , decision , will , desire , goals , and interest . no one is able to fully concentrate ... well , you actually haven't provide enough information to get a clear exact answer ; you said characters , what kind of writing you are trying to describe your characters with ? a literal description , ... i got it . you make it very clear that i'm just a non-traditionally intellectual entj ( fyi , i never attended university ) which probably makes me look like an estp ( or non-stereotypical entj ) . the main ... ( sorry for the double post . can't delete it through my cellphone . i'll handle it later when i can get to my laptop ) 1 . ) yes i do . absolutely . my plan is simple : to do whatever the hell i want to do . 2 . ) always . i'm good with budgeting . i don't really like making money . so i prefer to manage my income than working ... 1 . ) yes i do . absolutely . my plan is simple : to do lol . thanks for your answer . i've read a lot about the cognitive functions and i can say i'm not entp for their s is introverted and inferior . mine is pretty strong and very extroverted that i ... i'd never get fired . but i'm constantly changing my jobs because i have not found a company that can really benefit me and really worth my talent , time , and skills . often times they're satisfied with ... estps , how do you guys differ yourself from entj ? i've been typed as entj . but the more i think about my type , the more i realize even though my thinking process is kind of similar to that of ... estp ( 12-18 ) entj ( 20 until today ) well , i'm still somewhere between both anyway . agentic & thinking extrovert . i don't have to get lost in thoughts to think . in fact , conversation helps me think better . i'm an out loud thinker . i'm not quiet or reserved when i'm thinking . entj 1.pink floyd 2.the doors 3.iron maiden 4.motorhead 5.the rolling stones 6.yes 7.emerson , lake and palmer 8.weather report 9.mahavishnu orchestra keep in mind that mbti typing is about personality and not character . your character may change but your personality will always remain the same . it's an internal process anyway so you shouldn't type ... i don't think it's possible . it's more likely that one is just misunderstood him / herself or not knowing him / herself well enough . i can relate to that friend of yours , i was very estp-ish before 20 ... 1st result : estp well , this describe me well enough . what is this cognitive functions thing ? from it's descriptions here , it doesn't seem like how my brain is working at all . but the rest of the ... '