' hm , you seem to take this a lot more serious than i thought , i am for once not religious though i believe that jesus has lived . and secondly , this is what i believe at the moment but is at ... metaphorically speaking ... :) the paradoxical nature of everything means all perspectives are true in their own right , i am not looking for any definites since the constant motion of the all is ... nah , clever isn't really the point either , and neither is it being original . ^ ^ just my personal view at this moment . i just want to know if anyone agrees ? at this moment that is , we come ... jesus was infj , right ? with a natural understanding for the metaphysical , right ? the vacuum that exist in the paradoxes of the everything , he called god and his father , right ? though ... you are aware that putting an e or an i before the ntp makes the system that calculates the functions different ? ... you don't calculate the functions of an extravert the same way you calculate an ... yes ! i have transformed ! it happened two weeks ago ! i got closure on some very old issues and as soon as i felt that i had accomplished what was needed i could feel * all * the knots in my tummy ... i'd say pscychologist . boring answer , but true ! ^ ^ this was fun ! i approve ! :D ( i only read the op and have thus not followed the whole thread , i just felt so compelled to answer anyway ! ;P ) well i think this one has quite an obvious answer : if one has an isolated system ... i understand this but ... do you realise the irony in this considering that many infj : ers are generally too quick to judge based on too little information ? ;P thought it was a wee bit phunny . ^ ^ yes , i can definitely relate to this , unfortunately . mainly through my interest in music , movies and rpg-games . i've never really * genuinely * shared my love for music , movies and games with anyone ... well , you can count me in aswell ! ;) i believe a great deal of us infj : ers share this experience of feeling like a walking fallacy , as an entity separate from the rest of the everything ... has planescape : torment been mentioned here ? :) i'd suspect so but worst case scenario makes for this being a much needed reminder of it's greatness ! planescape : torment for download $ 9.99 - ... short answer : yes ! :) i'd rather say this is due to anxiety and not your personality ! ^ ^ / hugs , jesper . i know , it was an exaggerated joke . :) i am very intent on keeping people happy and comfortable in any way i can ! :) thanks for the welcome , i'm happy to be home ! <3 yeah , the greatest relief i have ever experienced ! a very intense both psychological , emotional and physical relief ! probably the first time ever that i've experienced * true * calm . :) nah , they ... the other part of the cheese ? ;P yeah and i just wanted to clarify just in case ! :) it feels like someone who clicks on this thread will give it a thought at one time or another , no ? ^ ^ edit : yeah , maybe i should have put a ... of course it hasn't been proven , i've gone through a number of different trials and tests , having different people evaluate my person . i'll link the final process for you if you feel in doubt ! ... fudge yeah , my friend ! :D the best game in the world , i love the philosphical and metaphysical questions posed , discussed and answered in ps : t ! hi , i just figured out i'm an infj , if i had known that infp : s cry cause someone walks too heavily i'd know sooner but , yeah . ;P my name's jesper and i don't know what to state here really . ^ ... what ? xd are you wondering how many years it's been ? .. in that case 15 . :) i just spent some time doing this : test your v . i . skills so far i've nailed all personalities at the first try ecxept the enfj : s ! so cool ! :D like there's something special about them ! and ... i wish i could speak with you ... i'd really like to . i hate written communication ! it's so crude ! :( i don't know what to say , it's a feeling ... but ... yeah .. wah ! i know what i want to say ... there are a lot of things going on here ... not something to talk about over the internet though , right ? no person is doomed to be alone . not a single one of us can ever know what the future holds ... yeah , i feel you ... i'm there too . we'll get through it , right ? :) <3 you guys are awesome ! ! ! ^ ^ ^ baah ... alone , heartbroken ... sad . :/ why does love have to be so .. why does it have to be love ? :( it hurts ! awesomee ! :D this right here is the best thing eveeer ! ! sharing good feelings and letting them multiply ! <3 ^ ^ totes ! :D this made me happy ! ! your own brain ! ^ ^ just venture out into the everything , just you and your brain ! i promise , it is all you will ever need ! oh , are you very self-conscious about your voice ? :/ i used to be but , i got over it ... eventually . ^ ^ woah ! i never actually really reflected on that i suddenly thought my voice sounded okay ! ... thanks again ! :) i hope you get there one day , a year ago or so i would never have believed it if i had been told that i would have done such a thing a year later , obviously ! ;P it is such an ... the day i realised how intense i get when i speak of something i'm passionate about , both in terms of body language , facial expression and speech , that day changed my life ... my eyebrows are probably ... i'd say life is lived in a constant state of transition . any notion of permanence in life or of reality being unwavering is likely to be an attempt at fabricating control , which i find understandable ... i'm quite curious about my behavoiour actually , question my existence you have seen my utub-vid . wanna give a verdict ? :) and please express yourself as you would without any concern about ... i like your vibe ! you are like laid back but with a hint of inner turmoil and i'm in a hurry but have to make sure i get to say all the things i wanted to before time runs out ... there's one more ... yeah .. the thing about crying and me is that i fudging looove crying ! all that stagnant energy that gets released , woah ! it's almost narcotics grade shiiid ! ^ ^ delirious .. yeah .. mostly just that .. or , do i need three ? thanks ! ^ ^ it's the first time that i've ever filmed myself . and that i actually even put it up on youtube , it amazes me ! :D i must say that i feel rather proud of myself for doing that . i never ... have you ever tried standing up straight , then breathing calmly with you stomach ? i just got a feeling that it could work . ^ ^ oh ! by the way , i'm commiting a crime now but .. i hope it's okay ! ;P ... haven't you got anyone with you ? :/ pokémon , that wasn't yesterday .. indeed . ^ ^ the gb-games are really good though :) i have quite fond memories of them ! yes and no , i'd say . isn't the act of closing your jaw fundamentally the same as biting your own teeth . two rows of teeth that hit eachother , teeth against teeth . ^ ^ not well . abnormal levels of energy . wah . - _ - yeah , we are infp : ers after all , yolo is like our bible only better cause one letter less . all infp :p eople are yolo : ing at this very moment , right ? like wazzyp , yo ? phat shiiid , yee , dope ! oh , ... thanks a bunch ! :) :) may i ask what your primary focus is , the question or an answer ? ^ ^ it feels like i can relate to what you've written btw . i imagine it as being one of those moments that greatly define two ... i've recently adopted trying to go about things with a sense of my emotions , my responsibility . i know that i get veeery dramatic and loud at times when i feel a lot . and other people often find ... '