' i'm a 3w2 . i identify with it completely . like : responsible , intelligent , a commanding presence , competence , assertive , adventurous spirit and a zest for life and learning annoy : doormat , whiners , martyrs , drug addicts , people who ... you cast a very interesting perspective on the situation . i hadn't thought of the pain of not opening up to someone . for so very long , i have had a brick wall up around my heart , not truly ever ... sygma i'm trying to get over this . i've never encountered someone who would do this to another person . i feel like something is very broken inside me . it will be a long time before i will ever ... thank you for all your kind words . i found out recently that it was all a lie ... she isn't even sick . you were right ... it was all a lie . i recently found out he completely lied . his ex isn't sick . i haven't spoken to him but i've met some people who know his family . i've never met anyone who would fabricate such a lie . thank ... i was recently in a relationship with an enfp . i thought he was amazing and that everything was great . i was obviously wrong . he ended our relationship with a story that made him look like a ... 3w2 for those who think estj's are devoid of emotion , they should read my posts . we can care very deeply and can fall apart , sob and weep . it doesn't happen often , but it does happen . if ... wow , that's very direct , which i appreciate . may i ask you to elaborate on the the thought process that is driving your answer . i just want to wrap my head around it . i have a need to understand ... i've have to put this in a box and walk away . it's destroying me , i'm a wreck and absolutely devastated . i've texted twice this week just to say i'm thinking about him , he had replied to say thanks ... in all honesty 2 months is a still very new fresh relationship . i'm not sure how he's going to handle that . if he pulls away know that it's not you . i have sent him 2 texts this last week just ... i have pondered this all day , i have read this book countless times to my children . i can absolutely appreciate the reference to this book , thank you for the insightful post . i felt like i was a casualty of her cancer but a good friend pointed out that i can be an admirer of what an amazing man he truly is . i have experienced an exceptionally stressful event in my life ... thank you for asking how i am doing , i am a devastated wreck . i am usually capable of keeping my emotions under control but not right now . i am usually a rock but you are right in that we can be an ... i was dating a wonderful man for 2 months when he found out his exwife and mother of his children has breast cancer . they were married 20 years and divorced a little less than a year . she never ... my favorite subject has always been science . i also love history . i loathe english . i'm really fast with practical math , almost like i have a calculator in my brain but , advanced math is difficult ... you are right that estj's sometimes do this , especially when someone isn't living up to what i think is their full potential . i'll consciously work on this . this man has such an accomplished career ... l i would never trick someone , i'm just curious to find out what really drives them so we can find enjoyable common ground . i just met a wonderful enfp this week . we went to lunch , immediately started a spirited conversation , talked for 90 minutes straight and never even ordered food . i only left because i had an ... i second that , tried it and just about lost my mind ! if i do , the only people who experience it are my children . i'm pretty much all business with everyone else . in real life , i love a genuine hug from someone who cares about me . on the forum , i think a virtual hug is just stupid . i see absolutely no point in it . just my opinion ... in the beginning , it would be fun . but when real life comes in to play , the estj would be all about getting things done and facing the hard realities of life . i would work 3 jobs to solve a ... i talked to him last week . the conversation lasted 3 hours , i finally had to end it . he asked why and i was finally able to tell him the truth , that he abandoned me during the most difficult time ... i have been trying to muster the strength all day to talk to him about the situation . i think that i am going to have to put it in a letter . i am so frustrated with myself , i am so decisive in ... i think a month sounds reasonable . what a sweet touch to buy him his favorite snack . he would never go to counseling . thx for the suggestions though , i'm a firm believer in the benefits of therapy . we don't have children together . i have 4 , my ex husband lives out of state . i have been evaluating situations when he has set very clear , selfish boundaries about expectations of his time . he is very intelligent , master's degree , and very good at his career . he lives in my home . my life has been very complicated this year . i guess in part i was trying to maintain as much stability ... i am an estj female and have been involved with an infp for 5 years . we have lived together for 3 . it is not working , i don't understand why he does things the way he does . he frustrates me at ... one of my sons is an estp . he has a lot of qualities that i admire . i have a great deal of respect for who he is . thanks ! i'll have to pick your brain on interacting with infp males . i feel like i can't have serious hard conversations with him . he falls apart , can barely formulate a sentence and calls in sick ... lol , me a tattoo ? never . thanks for the welcome ! i'd love to chat with you . i saw your post to another estj a few minutes ago , you asked if we were serious . yes we are serious , driven , focued , goal oriented , concerned with doing the right thing . ... i'm the same , once i come to my decision i'm done . my children joke about me being a russian czar . they have only seen me cry a handful of times . i am fiercely protective . life has thrown a lot of adversity at me ... i put it in it's place and have ... ask me directly , but be prepared for a truthful answer . i appreciate people who get right to the point and don't waste my time . i am very calm in chaotic , stressful situations . you would want me ... i've never met an enfp , sorry i can't help . interesting , i have always gotten along better with guys as well . i think i identify with male stereotypes ... protector , provider , independent . i'll study istj's and intj's and see if i can find ... i agree , actions mean everything ! i like people who are intelligent and strong . i just love an alpha . i have had a 5 year relationship with an infp . you summed up years of frustration in 1 post . we were wonderful friends before we started dating . i enjoy his company on a friendship level but i ... finally , someone who understands me ! i love this forum . my name is marlene , female estj . i've been an icu rn for 20 years . i found this forum recently and now realize why my only true regrets were never joining the military or going to law school . i ... i enjoy a variety of music , thanks to my isfp son . top 40 , indie rock , jazz and my favorite is classical with a twist like the piano guys . i think the sound of the cello is heavenly . female blonde i wear my hair up in a twist , never a pony tail . hazel eyes and glasses classic elegance / ann taylor , pearl earings favorite color blue lipstick and mascara natural nails , ... so glad to hear another woman say something like that . i think i descended from an amazon warrior princess , i'm always ready to pick up a shield and spear to defend the weak and punish the evil ... '