indeed ! , critical-mass i amusing for an intp . have you consider applying it ? consider trying to make your own model , using netlogo . netlogo user community models check it out ! ! finagle well , if i only consider the order of the functions , then the possible personalities are 40,320 which is more reasonable , however i find it hard to comprehend the meaning , not of each ... you might actually get as high as 170 , but then you might find out the test uses the standard deviation of cattel , such as the culture fair iii iq test which is of 24 points . but normal iq tests use ... lol i just realized that if you look at the enneagram start at 1 and follow the line ... 142,857 ... multiply that by 7 ... you get 999,999 then the 369 are left out .. so why not draw a triangle ? ? ... same here , from that test i was considered an intj which was wierd because it says that my ni is way more stronger than my ne function . and i took it several times ne was way lower than ni which was ... it further complicates your doubts but ... hey , mbti is just a theory . why think of personality and modes of thinking as a dichotomy ? i'm not saying i disagree with the theory completely because it ... signify from the 4w3 personality i can see your confusion . i have a non-dominant 4w5 and as well i question my intp infp dilemma . but just read the following paragraph which i copied from this forum ... horrorhound your my bestfriend in this forum ! ! ! and i learn new words from you . seriously koalaroo its paradoxical though , i took the cognitive function test from this forum and my dominant function was ni not ne ! ! ! and then ti-te-ne-fi-fe-si-se ... and to my surprise , it suggested ... koalaroo yes it was my mistake of puting ne , ni it was fe , fi ... however why do i tend to fluctate or sometimes test intp and others infp ? could it be that i change under stress ? consequently being ... finagle i agree with you that the functions are like a preference for the way you understand and perceive reality , or possibilites . however what do you mean an intp and an infp with 50/50 preference ... is there such thing as an inxp , because when i take tests there is like like a 1 % discrepancy between t and f and sometimes i get infp . however i consider myself an intp with a weak t strength . how ... frats ! and stupid frat invitations mentioning some politician as a former member . a solution could be to activate an account but useing it sparingly . you could additionaly deactivate your account every now and then , though people might wonder what happened to you , or feel that you ... well , there are pros and cons . when applying to work on a company , they can check your facebook account ( is a rumor but probably true for some cases ) even if you deleted it , since all the info you ... you are writing in this forum and have been analyzing what people have posted before and how post ( n - 1 ) evolves into post ( n ) . then taking into consideration the outcome of all the replies from ... i score from 50 to 195 on internet tests , sometimes my computer shuts down , but in the other cases i take the same test over and over again and then check the answers , and write them down on a piece ... graham = donald knuth's boyfriend ? i don't know but do you plan to stay in us ? and i don't know if you praised him or made him feel competent intellectualy , meaning you were aware of his competence and made him aware that you also ... so far you look hotter than the previous . ;) yeah i like to be in the sea swimming in november , freezing is cool . and the look of a gibbon moon . i love it ! ! ! oh sorry did i say gibbon ? ? hehe sorry , my bad , its gibbous * gibbon is not a ... well , in my case .. 1 ) i have a strong urge to explore the world . hate to be living in my nest for the next 20 years . 2 ) what would happen if that movie didn't ever exist ? whold you post that shit ? ...