i have bad news . i got really drunk last week and told my istp crush's roommate ( who is his best friend ) that i liked the istp , after his roommate had prodded me about boys several times . his ... i'm back again . looks like there aren't many responses on this forum nowadays . : tongue : so i've begun to take more initiative with the istp in question , because he's sort of shy and unreadable . if ... hey , i'm back again ! it turns out that the istp i like also likes me back . he's asked me to smoke with him more ( where he asked me for my number ) and taken me on car rides . his best friend also ... hi istps ! i wanted to ask a question about an istp that i like in my college . he is a type 9w8 , very emotionally reserved but very straightforward , honest , and seems to care about the wellbeing of ... intp : i typically find them very endearing , awkward in a way that is adorable to me and not frustrating . my deepest crushes have been on intps . love how they can see every side to an issue , use hard ... my three best friends right now are istj 6w5 , estj 1w2 , and estp 8w7 . 1 . b ) 2 . a ) 3 . b ) 4 . b ) 5 . b ) like the above poster said , fe is a choice . i could choose not to engage in it , and i could imagine what such a scenario would look like . but to do so would be sort of uncomfortable , because i ... i have always had trouble paying attention in school , getting motivated to do schoolwork , following written and oral directions on tests , keeping track of materials , getting tests done on time ( i get ... this is fi . infjs can excel at science when they see it as an art . art , by nature , is a very intuitive process . i myself am an aspiring neuroscientist , and a lot of what i know about the brain comes from ... i've been in a relationship with an enfp and an entj . they were completely different people , and while i truly learned a lot in those relationships , i don't think i'd date anyone like them again ... i've pretty consistently gotten ni-fe as my top two , and then ne following after . i have very high ne and it definitely shows , which led me to believe that i was infp up until a few weeks ago . my ... i wouldn't say it is in-born . perhaps it was picked up on quicker in some folks . for me , i recognize intentions fairly easily , and sometimes i will subtly exploit other people that i dislike . for ... so i am an infj type 4w5 . at my university , i've had two consistent ' crushes ' . one is a type 5w4 intp and the other is a type 1w9 intj . they also happen to be the two smartest men i've ever met in my ... this is most certainly an infj thing . i do this all the time . i'm sure it is a fe thing , but ni allows us to be introspective enough to consciously observe ourselves doing it . in my life , i've met many people that i've liked , and gone through a multitude of crushes . my ex was an entj , and i pined for him after we broke up . i was convinced that xntj types were the type for ... hey guys , i wanted to post here regarding a crush i've had for a while . this post is super long so i don't know if people will read it , but in case someone does , i'll post it here . i'm pretty sure my ... stripedfurball that was so much fun to read . :) i'm attracted to intjs . if i could choose my future spouse , they'd most likely be intj . but they all seem to be snatched up by esfj types in real life . it is kind of absurd . my xntj ex dated an ... i'm inclined to agree . i don't really like using words like ' unhealthy ' and ' healthy ' to describe types of people . i think that typology is used as a form of self-referencing , and it can be ... my experience having a crush ? or my experience with the types i had crushes on ? looking back to when i was younger , my crushes were almost exclusively sp types . my first two major crushes were ... this is more of a character flaw than an infp trait , though i'm sure that infps ( and feeling types in general ) have a stronger propensity towards it than other types . it is interesting that you ... people see me the same way as they see you . i used to have problems with melancholy , as well , but i've gotten to be in good control of that as i've gotten older . my thoughts are usually a bit more ... i don't think that there is much use to introspection if it is not eventually applied . our decisions , actions , beliefs , and interests are all determined via self-referencing . it is difficult to ... rydark unapplied introspection is not as useful to someone who values action and observable , external progress . but it can also be applied . i see persuasive writing and rhetoric as applied ... ne is kind of like a knee-jerk reaction . the thoughts we have to an idea are about as formulated as they will get with the information we have . i have noticed that my ni-dom friends often like to ... power is never a derogatory word . it is a necessary component of life . from my experience , there is a difference in flavor between the power i crave and the power another person might crave . i ... rydark i loved that napolean bonaparte quote . shame i can't put it anywhere myself , as i don't resonate with it ( power doesn't really interest me unless i can temporarily use it to gain the attention ... i generally see people as pretty deterministic and easy to understand . i admire people whom i believe to be complex . i believe that a natural complexity stems from years and private , higher-level ... i don't understand how entjs are always able to be on top of things . formulating a plan , staying productive , focusing on one thing at a time ... i can't imagine what that'd be like on a day-to-day ... haha , aww , don't worry . i don't really think type differences manifest online to the extent that they do in real life . for me , when i'm in the real world , it's mostly that i can't really get on the ... being fi-dominant means that you make decisions based off of what is personally relevant to you . in other words , you are less likely to be interested in something due to external factors than ... i actually feel similarly towards art , and i consider myself to be a 4w5 , as well . i don't think that a type 4 has to be religiously devoted to art . i think that that is just a stereotype . the crux ... what made you rule out intx ? why did you end up deciding on infp ? not saying that you can't be an infp , but i am surprised that you typed yourself as infp given that a lot of mbti tests ( incorrectly , ... i am someone who really likes to have a defined identity , and i don't really enjoy spending time with people who don't have identities of their own . throughout my lifetime , my little sister ( younger ... i love xstj types . i love all xxtj types , actually . it's usually the xsfj types that get under my nerves . the esfjs in my life annoy me to no end . i know . believe me , i know that feeling . but interestingly enough , i didn't really crave that before i had met my entj ex . for me , i had always been interested in guys for their strengths , and ... threads like these are interesting . i don't think you can find specific types of people in a specific type of place . she may love to read , but she can read in the library just as easily as she can ... this relationship reminds me a lot of a past relationship with my ex . he is an entj , and i am an infp , yet the dynamics were extremely similar to your own relationship . i think that there is ... i'm 20 . my life is awesome . i love myself . people sense that , and they want to be near me . i inspire people because i'm so happy and put together . i wouldn't say that my te is well-developed , though ... agreed with wulfex . i also like the ' dynamic programming ' analogy . to be honest , i don't see ti anywhere in your first post . ti is to-the-point and weeds things out . you listed a bunch of bullet ... hard to say without context . the best scenario is one in which the intensity is maintained , yet without the polar extremes ( i . e . no depressive sadness ) . infps make decisions based on how a topic , ... i've dated enfps , isfps , and entjs . in order of how excited i was about each relationship , my ordering would be ( from least to most ) isfp , then enfp , then entj . my crushes tend to be intj . this ... vesper 007 perhaps , but i highly doubt the ' booty call ' thing . his sex drive is / was pretty low when we were together , and this was something he had expressed concern about , since mine was higher ... i'm a math minor , and i'm an infp . my experience with math has been up-and-down , so you might find it useful to read about . i was pretty good at math when i was little ( probably the best in my ... so in so many words , you're describing a situation in which you have to lead people who do not seem responsive or motivated to move forth in the effective direction . i fear that the problem will ... is it a ' mask ' , per se , or is it that we tend to be hyperattuned to the discrepancy between our thoughts / feelings and our actions ? because while i do not consider myself to be authentic with every ... this thread was definitely worth the time it took you to post it . my only concern is that you provided too much information about this guy ! luckily , with all the context you've provided us with , i'm ... the first step is to stop determining your self-worth based on the results of some sliding-scale personality test , and to look at yourself from a completely objective standpoint . you are not ...