well .. this is a hell of a n-n-n-ecro post ! but still , i figured i'd throw an update out there ... i asked her out a while ago , she hugged me and said she'd love to . :D it's not that i don't know anything about relationships , i just don't have any experience . i never said i didn't enjoy spending time by myself . i just kind of have a deep rooted longing for somebody else to be involved in my life is all . i'm a pretty upbeat and happy person . except ... well , she's taking two art courses along with her regular courses , so her workload is wicked high right now . but yeah , i don't really want to move on ; because i have nothing else to move on to for ... for a little while she became i don't know .. less happy , not exactly sad , but she wasn't her usual self , but she didn't become distant or cold with me at all by any stretch of the word . which is a ... she's really open with me , and yeah , we still hang out and have a good time and stuff , i've known her for about a year now , which isn't that long , but still . lol , over doing it and creeping people ... i'd really like to think that's not the case .. but it probably is . :'( man i should just forget about the whole thing ... all anything like this leads to is me getting disappointed and hurt , and ... oi then , haha i apologize for not separating my paragraphs ... but yeah , to address the question of why am i lonely ? i know the source , it's this feeling of just wanting somebody to connect with on a ... hey all .. i feel rather silly making this thread , quite a bit silly in fact , but hey , why not ? well , i have this intp friend right , and she's amazing .. haha everything about her personality is ... i hate libraries with a passion >=( or at least most public libraries . i've visited a few campus libraries and the new york city library while i visited ny for like a week .. i liked them a lot more ... i'm usually really relaxed , easy going , and not very demanding at all . i'm unable to actually raise one specific one :( i got 5w6 with the traditional test , but i got a 9w1 sx with the intellectual variant version , which i do think makes much more sense , as i believe i mistyped as a 5/6 earlier . yeah , when i'm pissed or sad i usually go to be alone with my thoughts , and sometimes , i'll talk with a really close friend of mine . she always cheers me up :D . she's also the one i want to be in a ... mine would be like a small building from myst . it would be big enough to have a place to relax , some cool puzzles and a workshop , and a personal library . and it would overlook some beautiful scenery ... i feel that the meaning of life isn't something we can actually know . that it's something for every person to delve into themselves and find . honestly , i'm an athiest , but if i could ask god one ... honestly , he's probably attracted to you for who you are rather than your looks . just wear what you want , i wouldn't go all out of your way to look stunning , because to him , your already do . i'm not ... what you just described my friend , is anomie . but anyways , ere's my problem with the educational system right now , the public one at least , it's incompetent in the higher and lower echelons of the ... also , please differentiate between anarchy and anomie . seriously , don't confuse the two - anarchy is lack of government , anomie is lack of social norms and morals , loss of structure , and total chaos ... i'm an anarcho-communist / socialist libertarian . bite me . haha , in theory , from each according to ability , to each according to need , fundamentally is a good idea . check out stealthiswiki.org , ... i don't smoke , cigarettes at least , i do however , enjoy a fine cigar about once every few months . it ends for me there , in my opinion cigarettes are disgusting . we're finding the cure for cancer and aids , while curing world hunger and creating world peace too ! except nobody listens to us . so we get pissed and destroy them . huh , idk , i'm seriously attracted to this intp that i'm friends with . she is too :D haha well somebody who's nice , cute , funny , understanding , smart , sweet , kind , caring , a good friend , she doesn't have to be like hot or anything , but still , there's a line of acceptance ( not trying to ... at the moment , the one thing i'd love for somebody to say to me is that they love me , not from my parents or friends , i know they do , but from somebody else that i can connect with on a deeper level , ... i absolutely hate repeating myself .. especially to idiots . ok , just throwing this out there ... it's getting weird calling it a mate , why don't we switch over to relationship / date / other word of your choice besides mate . that's what it's original intent was i believe , i'm interested in both it and g-speak .. but yeah umm .. the thing is the games they're making are more proof of concept then games meant to be played ... now .. how the hell did you actually do that ? seriously , explain this to me . hmm . i was thinking about something i did last night , with one of my best friends , we were at the mall and we left to go to to the 7-11 to buy a slushie , because we could , don't ask . anyway , we were ... one of my best friends is an infp ! not at all , i know what you mean , it can really take it's toll .. i'm just hoping i don't become numb to the world like you said , as that's even worse ! i've come to accept being lonely , thinking ... wow ! ceres , thats amazing man .. i know for the past 5 months or so now , i've been craving a relationship , i have great family and very good close friends , only a few though , but i really have this ... too bad it's still in development ! it does actually have some practical applications , i've seen it in use , handicapped / quadriplegic persons can use it to open doors , communicate , move their wheelchair , ect . on their own if it's all ... so .. now that the link is fixed , does anybody have any comments now ? umm .. oops ! link fixed ! here ya go guys .. i feel stupid now .. emotiv - brain computer interface technologoy my username is a family nickname from when i was younger , because as a baby , i looked like squiggy . lol ! yeah i know it's not evenly divided , but for all intents and purposes , we'll say it is . what .. nobody has anything to say about this ? what i think it boils out to is the intj's are hard to find in general , so they're already spread out .. then divide that by two , one for each gender , and it's even more spread out . hmm .. mindbomb , those last two are horrible , without people questioning the rules and being outspoken , horrible things happenl .. brings about some strong feelings ! here's two : ... i'm really tall , skinny , and lanky ! i have a height of 6 ' 4 ' ' and weigh about 155-160 pounds ! i do have muscle though ! kinda sorta > . > lol hey guys , i figured you might wanna take a look at this , i know i was fascinated by it , it's called g-speak , by these dudes called oblong industries , it's still in development , but it's really cool ... facilities suited to everybodies needs and interests , like a gun / explosive range , perhaps a computer simulator or a small scale land with a town or something in it for social experiments ? or a ... well considering i don't have much experience in things like this , as i can't get a girlfriend / relationship , it's not that i'm ugly or anything , girls just don't like me .. i'm good friends with a few ... i have empathy and sympathy for the lonely , outcast , depressed , poor , downtrodden , sad , alone , misfits ! there are a number of other things too , but yeah , i am pretty cold sometimes . well .. personally i think that book learning is great and that hands on is wonderful too , because if you want to truly master something you don't need to just understand it , but also experience it . a ... intj and in the front . hmm .. guys , just remember , this applies to me too : it's hard to let go of something when you know it might never happen , and it's even harder to let go of something when it's all you've ever wanted ...