' you could always create a golem that looks exactly like you with cameras for eyes and a microphone for you to speak through as a you proxy and once simulation technology gets god enough you can ... 1st choice is domination i think i have a lot of really great ideas about how society should be run and if implemented would essentially become self automated meaning i could quickly leave my post ... catbug ! ! ! meh it's still proprietary , seems to be built specifically for the powerpc , and to be honest looks like a very old version of mac ... why dont you have a look at elementary os it is beautiful and ... i am a linux user and dislike both microsoft and appke equally i am also not a fan of android ( i like cyogenmod ) for the most part all of these companies and their os ' are crap filled with spyware . thank you for your reply it really cleared everything up for me , personally i have several problems with this kind of system , will there be any regulation of business ? how will the police and other ... thank you very much i know i could have simply wikied it myself but i am finishing exams and the only time i have is for half-life and the occasional reply to perc post sorry about that i actually meant anarcho communism it sounds like a mixture of anarchy and communism which , please correct me if i am wrong , are at odd with each other . age : 20 gender : male ethnicity : cuban personality trait you are proudest of : insight ( best guess ) profession : freelancing computer systems analyst hobby you most identify with : app development ... what does that even really mean ? honestly yup , its really sad isnt it , this is the state of american politics one giant joke full of trollz slinging shit at each other for money ... and our entertainment of course , because isnx 92t that the ... monetary wise they are both exactly the same look at the difference between the two people running for us president ( barely a full unit away from each other ) ... refer to my post just above yours . also how i feel , but i thing op was ( meaning to ) ask where you fall on the political spectrum as opposed to what party you support ( though the poll could have fooled me ) , if op was asking where we ... also a libertarianism-left however i identify most with the progressive party in america i couldn ’ t navigate if my life depended on it ( maybe if my life depended on it my intuition would kick in but idk ) and used to never look both way when crossing the street . i think my sense is a ... i know the feeling , in my household i am the tech-savy one , so i am the person to go to whenever something is wrong with a computer however , i don ’ t like doing things for people so when assistance ... i am still young , so for the most part my fe is non-existent however , i do have moments where i can ti myself into doing something seemingly fe inspired , i call it artificial fe : happy : i suffer from this disorder ( if you can call it that ) however , i feel uncomfortable asking for help and am the type to just keep looking until i find it . this happens less often lately , because i ... ask my tattoo if i am impulsive i would invest in several open source , like maybe klyde , but mostly qt stuff . i would like a de that written in qt similar t xfce but instead of x.org i would want wayland or mir ( i would also invest ... so like dot hack : happy : ... we already have the oculus riftso why not ? how so ? if the soul is defined as the essence or source of concussions then the whatis already answered , i am much more interested in the why , as it may help me evolve my own knowledge or at ... why do you believe in the soul ? if you don't mind me asking . interesting i will have a look at that when i have the time ( in the middle of finals in my college ) another more likely theory is that we are all ais as a result of beings with said technology . think about it if one real being can create a simulated universe with enough processing power to allow ... how to create a utopia 1 . remove scarcity with food this is easy just create a few vertical farms that use drip irrigation for energy create organic recycling plant that turn organic matter ... those were two of the ones i picked lol i also voted for the internet based economy hmm an ideal world huh ... well i see you use a lot of socio-economic systems used in the past and today but they obviously don ’ t work seeing as we currently have 0 utopia ’ s . i propose a ... i am more of a deltron 3030 / busdrive / language arts crew kinda guy myself , sorry but imho those clowns cant rap well it means in search of ... i don't see how this is amusing or concerning sorry , i usually miss sarcasm unless the persons tone of voice changes in that blatantly obvious way most people do ( which is impossible to decipher via this forum ) the majority of professional astrologers rely on performing astrology-based personality tests and making relevant predictions about the remunerator's future . [ 4 ]: 83 those who continue to have faith ... ? ? ? when did everyone just decided that souls are 100 % real lol i am also a libra and ivam 100 % introverted o . o where did things go wrong btw i think astrology is nothing but entertainment for the stupid do not do this ! ! ! speaking from personal experience , ( ex did this to me , we quickly broke up ) this will just make you seem immature , childish , and like a drama queen it is the worst option . ... ∞ ^ ∞ http://www.ameria.com/Lemniscate2.jpg http://25.media.tumblr.com/2f7c9a9d448cfc40a761863a2c1b7e72/tumblr_mob58hwzxp1rnikqmo1_250.gif this http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a0Y-CRx4nE&html5=1 i can try : happy : as intp we try to imagine the world as it could be as opposed to how it is . if everyone truly cared about improving the world there is a logical point at which we would be , given ... my signature maybe only an intp can understand . when i live in miami i had a small group of friends i was really close with , but i am a typical intp and once or twice a month i would go a week or two without saying a word to any of them , they ... not a problem , personally i enjoy watching a tread evolve in this manner and find those stay-on-topic ! people to be dull at best and annoying at their worst . besides there is always that one ... i donx 92t really consider myself a gamer ( mostly because that has become a term for 15yo boys that play halo & cod for 30 hours a week & i donx 92t like fps ) but i have been noticing a lot of game ... global 5 : sloan rcuei ; sloan + | r | cuei ; primary reserved ; r ( 72 % ) c ( 70 % ) u ( 68 % ) e ( 56 % ) i ( 62 % ) lol i love how this has become a girls play video games ? tread i have very long periods of isolation and sometimes get depressed , but once i work up the courage to leave my hamster-ball , i quickly begin to miss the isolation ( i'm not entirely alone i have live ... yup but mine looks hand drawn funny story , all my life i have been a big digimon fan , so i had always been thinking of getting a tattoo of the crest of courage ( google it ! ) when i was about 18 ( 2 years ago ) my 16yo ( at the time ) ... what ? '