' i went towards gardening , redecorating my home , photography and image . i guess the main thing for me was to be happy with little things . my main idea was if my home and body were going to be a prison ... a bit of my work ... 660473 6604 8966049766 05056605 13 a favourite i took . 660042 you just made my husbands day lol . comedy ... nature . thanks for the tips . i will for sure increase these things in my daily routine . thats a good analogy i like it . im already yeast free , sugar free , preservative free , mold free milk free and dont take in any artificial flavours or substitutes . i have been for 10 years . im also now gluten free for 7 months . how ... right now the newest symptom flaring im finding concentrating hard . the illness often mocks a combination of add and ocpd combined in this section of the brain . as my body kills it it will gradually ... . i can understand i went vague , i was trying to avoid it i guess . 20 years of bad health problems , including paralysis . rehabilitation . several misdiagnosis including one which i spent 6 months ... im in a beyond difficult situation . it is advised that the way to get through this situation is to rely on family and friends in this circumstance . i have only my husband and small children . my mom ... because you are looking at failed relationships with people as common with entj . my dating history ... which is beyond brief . 14 years old ... relationship one ... 3 months long he dumped me . it ... personal opinion ... entj are sucess oriented . we like money however dont base sucess on just money . there are many options for personal success then a bank balance . we are more likely to pursue a ... oh yes this would be a guaranteed win for a kick to the balls or a fast reflex send the guy to the floor move . best bad advice ever . points for making me laugh . complete personal opinion of why we are misunderstood . i will not be surprised if im shredded . personally i am not a fan of the so instinct mine is honestly busted . entj is depicted as the villan ... no . honestly one of me is enough . plus i like to be unique . dont you know the rare things are more valuable ;) ha , too funny . my husband is in electrical engineering and his 5 best friends are assorted engineers . also we are canadian so hes a die hard hockey fan . my purse got smaller after i dropped the ... thanks for the thoughts , interesting theory , perspective and analogies . i live in a small town ... not a lot of large personalities . however if i cross paths with someone like that i may test that ... lol . im surrounded by istp and intp . i certainly gravitate towards them . my husband is one of those types though . when you find a male istp / intp friend and introduce him to your i ( s / n ) tp husband do ... i would simply rather be myself . i get the whole idea , however i dont believe changing myself in any way makes someone else better nor does it make them worse . i dont need more female friends . i ... real age ... 35 maturity ... 45 + i was always really responsible . look ... early 20s . i guess my thought process is ... age is just a figurative number of the earths rotation . after all my nick ... yes that is very true . i too was 13 just going into high school when i broke through that shell . i have learnt i can not control how others see me though . that often their opinions are ... visionary ... but its only good if you can understand and read other people . you have to be able to show them what is in it for them . often my visions are too inspired and far reaching . i tend to ... no definately entj through and through . my husband is a intp / istp not 100 % sure which , honestly we have a pinky and the brain or co piolet jokes . thats i think the key to me anyway . combination of intellect , humour , and respect . however ... sunsets on water with limitless horizons or stars in the night sky . i think it is a feeling of limitless possibilities . also photographs of stollen moments . you dont have a goal . oh i completely own it and will say it out right . the worse i have it the more direct i become . if im putting effort into you . if im trying to carve out time for you . the more i compete ... thank you :) they change colour depending on sun cloud cover and my mood.im loving your hair colour . what im usually told ... intimidating without speaking . eyes like daggers . loud , confident , humour with an edge . goal driven , logical . resting bitch face lol . this is how i usually look . taken thanksgiving 2 years ago . honestly i was not mad . 632010 husband had to pull off some good humour to get this smiling shot last week ... id conclude its a combination of self confidence not based on another persons opinion . motivation and a determined drive . plus the fact we go for what we want . we are only amazing to those men though ... i can see why you feel that way . however honestly she sounds more like my other two friends that are istps . that sounds nothing like my husband or this female friend . intps . they often wander away ... i am not a ceo however am slowly venturing into entrepreneurship . simple personal perspective . i admire hard work , dedication and a willingness to improve . flattery would not work with me . it ... my husband never tries to earn someone's respect . one of my best friends is a intp female as well . she too does not try to earn someone's respect . they simply ignore people most often . i guess though ... oooo cookies ! ! ! no problem glad i could help . as a woman i actually find this insulting . to assume women base their worth on you getting off is hilarious . if a guy acted like that in bed he would not get far . insecurity and nerves are better ... lol . you cant fix stupid . that guy obviously hasnt been with entj women . if it were me id leave the room if a guy was that selfish . love this :) thank you . i married a intp . i think reading the enneagram would really help you in this case . it sounds exactly like what you are describing and i hope it will help your perspective . many entj are naturally enneagram 8 ... i dont disagree with most of your opinion . just the feedback part . personal opinion ... feedback is different then a insult . im not saying it is the best approach but if you flip the roles ... a ... i find this funny . so darn funny . my husband is intp and usually simply walks away from people saying how stupid they are . if hes going turbulent that means someone really pissed him off and ... married and with intp for 20 years . its a very yin yang relationship . yes he takes the lead but hes very competent in physical tasks me with money and task orientation . the big thing in my ... im surrounded by a lot of people . can talk to them . i simply find it very rare to find someone that i heavily connect with . i grew up an army brat . we moved all the time . so making acquaintances is ... if you are really gung-ho and want to impress . next time do the ad their way . in your spare time create a second one in your image . approach them after and say that you would really appreciate their ... canadian entj female 8w7 here as well . also love thor rock and have huge shoe obsession . although my boot collection surpasses the shoes lol . welcome ! i however am a scorpio mid 30s . have a funny story to tell about myself ( entj ) and my 9 year old entj daughter . being a mother of 3 daughters let me get this straight . your doing it because shes doing it . 1 ) that makes no ... im loving this ... lift me up of five finger death punch in video on jukebox heres some messed up logic but as a person with a best friend with aspergers perhaps we were made to understand even those who feel completely misunderstood . i also brought the subject up with ... wow an astounding 29 . which i find funny because so many people repeat coming to me to help me with their problems . big life changes are making me put up defensive walls right now though . this sounds much more like the ennagram 5 type to me then a change in your type . healthy 5s ( closed off and distant ) will act like 8s ( commander type ) when they are doing well . however when stressed ... the separate theory here is these girls did not have a separate agenda , motive , were not stoking your ego . the first one ... she actually liked who you are . however even if a person likes you ... '