loyal perceptive traveler merry christmas up in your face with a daring fists ness ! airy chris mists through all parties all attend no tardy i won't offend no insults hardening breeze style's is full of optimism upon ... my dislikes ? everything . that does not get in a way to care for others than myself . in a way i do not fear anything anymore . in a jaded way . it's christmas eve , i'm gonna get fucked up ... on caffeine . :D 2013 was such a roller coaster that i never wanted to ride , but i paid for admission . man ... i'm such a an asshole in public . one on one convos with anyone i'm more sensitive ... lol wtf ? burst of love for hip hop . type 4 constant daydreaming . i can be extremely humble ... but on the inside i am very competitive on a respectful level . sportsmanship comes first in my book . from arcade games to team sports . competition brings the best in me ... hahahahahahah come at me : laughing : excuse my dirty mind ... it's a disease that i can't afford for curing . welcome ! rhyme if you dare , for sake of my time if you spared for all the decline this has shared for the mime to declare . non verbal silence converge all violence i pawn clerks on islands i bomb jerks ... damn i get so many mixed signals ... man i'm so afraid of the future ... of others . the mentality they'll adapt to ... whether they'll start a family and mature ... man my intuition part of infp can fuck me up . i at times think about my ... unrequited love always finds a way to fuck me over ... oh well . : rolleyes : you can never get what you asked for facts bore you , but intuition attracts more to ideas they claim everything is possible with effort - - - whatever the opportunity rejected me how clever i'm no ... : tongue : is it corny for my birthday wish to be for everyone to have a good day , not just people that i know , but for humanity in general ? ? ( my birthday is on the september the 4th ) i shit diamonds ... : rolleyes : i appear to fear these characters into the shame of their own selves hell yes i rolled the dice now i'm las vegas with cash with your skull i swiped i cause panic to all of you and your fanatics i ... when i have a creative block i leave it alone and do something else , random thoughts happen to me when i socialize or just listen to music , that's where my creativity usually sprouts . sometimes is ... you people need to recognize and despise your own lies this thread made the third page , of course this earned rage this burned hate goes to blame the contributors i am your rhyming tutor without ... can't decide to start you motherfuckers bid's die from heart , your throat i slit wide apart already have scars do i have make another harsh remark ( get it ? ) every lane i was laughed at , for every ... i don't mind casual sex . my fantasies changes females all the time , even with my crushes i used to have . that shit guilts the hell out of me lol ! i currently have no crush , and hopefully never . i am ... i'm not afraid i disobeyed and stayed away from the disdain fangs of the vampire wanting my blood fuck a scandal i'm your favorite vandal sexually assaulting laws with a paddle , i'm the top of the ... do i have a silly switch ? no ... i am a silly switch ! : crazy : people say i have numerous talents ... so i guess i'm the jack of all trades . if i have to choose my important ones then it would be music , writing , and football ( soccer ) history . my memory is as great as a goldfish ... : bored : i cannot remember where i would leave my keys , but somehow remember the memories i've been through in the past when i have these nostalgia moments . musical , yet weird young boy . any song i love i can't help to bop my head , and move my head to the rhythm . meaning i can never walk straight ! i'm currently listening to marvin gaye's here my dear . man it's soo good . though i have many intense music moments so i would have to choose my weekly moments . currently it's kanye west's my ... that is very awesome ! he was known as one of the best lyricists of the late 90s ( imo the best deceased rapper ) info on his early life : rios grew up in new york city's south bronx neighborhood . at the age of 5 young rios ... not your average tycoon yet i cause world doom i don't require currency it's not nourishing i'm not in the noble ranks don't make me hatch out of my oval tank with my chicks i flick the switch to ... i shall make you feel brunt your stunts are no longer keeping a scene there's a reason i stabbed both your open sockets cause you couldn't keep the third eye open hoping to bring the fire where ... lol thanks . lol : laughing : rebellious as far as i remember , refuse to go there from my brain's authority the pain's a thorn in me strains the shore and speaks to me in pollution my life's not a solution jesus christ pull the ... i receive what i achieve indeed you bleed and nearly od like cheen i kick it digital and original i exhibit plastic where you prohibit magic yet you live it tragic trying to get on your knees to ... is this a cypher , but i claim that your a trifler nothing symphonic cause the band left bottles while too intoxicated it's where i planned the grand theft auto to build and smack mcdonalds for ... don't live in fast cars and jewelry , i trash stars in foolery attract sharks in unity , welcome mats are opportunities to hide the evidence , not make the matters tense fuck the suspense , to get ... thank you , i'm sort of trying to be in the rap game . i am only 16 , and i figured i could sharpen my skills on the internet . i would create a mixtape sometime , as of right now i have no music ... in a competition you wonder if you ever match the opponent's greatness or somehow attach for the latest you attack where the bait is , the stans making their ground is where the debate is weight ... causing fatality applauding the vanity into my arrogance where no amends will be featured this creature with an anonymous t-shirt have the blueprint , in the end i shall ether i fail to reply no ... yes i have stolen this idea from a member who created this thread 4 years ago . yeah the last rhyme was 4 years ago unfortunately . so spit your best rhymes or compete to whoever bust a rhyme ! : cool : i increase the volume while i solve you out your pressure living in a world where vaginas are subways without the fresh scent cream favors the teenagers , i'm part of the whirlpool where it sinks ... hip-hop classic album illmatic by nas . if i had to choose a song it would be it ain't hard to tell . honestly every damn song is 10/10 . hip-hop is so beautiful when i listen to it , till this day no ... i intend to spend the lend from ends of friends , ascend this trend from the george to ben with my gorgeous benz , can't afford this mess so i forge my mends . your eyes sees normality , but i see ... sonic adventures 2 ... hell yeah . lol yes , i had coldplay yellow in my head as a background just staring at a girl being shy as i am i hid my face to my mothers legs since i was ducking down , we were at a children's hospital , and my ...