just a small sample ... marion zimmer bradley - darkover series a . a . attanasio - the dragon and the unicorn isaac asimov - robot series jacqueline carey - kushiel and naamah series jane eyre ... leslie neilson playing frank drebbin . he is so literally minded and an unaware cop . jennywocky i have been studying the function of intp . trying to understand how i think has been a reoccurring theme . looking at sites like this one and personality junkie have helped me in those ... i did not realize it , but when i was in college i was very ill prepared . my parents thought that giving me more time was the best way to prepare me , but that did not seem to be the ticket either . ... i guess that is why he needs complex puzzles to solve . dealing with mundane issues are not stimulating enough . the way that watson portrays him , he is also not too aware of his dependency ... i agree that blocking emotions is a band-aid solution . it temporarily numbs the wound . i think intps that are still unconfident and not fully formed will instinctually pack up their emotions so that ... when i believe i am right and someone convinces me i am wrong ; only to realize that i was right after they are gone and i can not do anything . something i have been thinking about . holmes ' drug use . sometimes he gets down , and uses in order to get his brain back to the highly energized state that he likes . as an intp , i always hate it when ... i notice things in my environment when i am under stress . then everything yells at me ' look at me , i must be awesome ! ' how would i describe it ? probably in a very rambling way . i will try to focus ... : tongue : if i could live moment to moment with no pressure on how or why i do things , that would be ideal . is it ... i believe that intelligence is not about personality . that being said , when a majority of people are taught that intelligence is xxx over yyy , then all the ys will feel stupid . as an intp my ... theories say that being introverted makes it harder to show by example . if you are in your head , it takes more energy to teach . yes or no ? d.coybunny i understood you . i have been studying the functions of intp on my own , because that is something that helps . expressing our emotions is our least developed trait , but it is possible . if ... yes , inflexible and emotional drives are illogical to we intp . it is like water carving canyons ; driving pressure into the mostly solid earth . who_am_eye eugene fitzherbert ( aka ) flynn rider hi there . seems you have a few people piled into your welcome wagon already . hope you find what you need in the perc . see ya ' round . : happy : i do not doubt that post coital blues is a real thing , since i believe it has slapped me in the face before . smack ! normally i would feel cuddly or rest for a bit and bounce up to do whatever came ... my favorite computer game was journeyman project 3 . i can't play it on my current computer , so sadness ensues . i also have played carmen san diego , tmnt turtles in time and oregon trail on my ... alright , i am not a guy but ... wow do i relate to this ! my sexuality moves like a sine wave , i get turned off when men think i am their possession and they get so jealous and there have been times ... yes , i have even been run over by this . in a confrontational debate , i tend to wince . all that yelling and deviousness turn me off . i have been trying , futilely , for years to think of a way to handle ... when role playing another type in a desire for better communication and it is so difficult ! you realize the way they come at a problem is the exact opposite and laughter comes from the epiphany ... video games , tabletop games , star gazing , philosophy , outdoor fun , reading , movies , music , stickers , rocks , coloring in designs , fantasies , architecture , projects . intp 9w1 7w6 2w1 capricorn sun , aquarius moon , aries rising metal rooster earth for myself , whether or not it is gender related or a matter of personality test , i don't always feel like an intp . i was going into other areas to see if i identified with those types more . but , i ... when my ex uses every opportunity that i see him , and i can't not see him because we share a child , to make me feel like crap . he is such an emotional blackmailer ! we are divorced and it is like ... first i'll eat some pi , and then get on with the stabbing of arrogant donkey people . : rolleyes : geez , don't rush me . sure . i am a 9 . go on then :) i seem to be a harmony seeking intp . got the 9 7 2 enneagram . having a crazy dream that makes you glad to be awake . getting a craving satisfied . taking off clothes when i get home . silly , intellectual and random conversations that lead to sex . ... apparently , next year pi will be more accurate . 3/14 / 15 welcome to the perc . i can't always be sparkling and witty . sometimes i have brain fog . call in the tugboats ! oh wait , was that funny ? anyway , hope you like it here . see ya ' round . yay ! circles are fun : tongue : hi there . liked your intro . i feel very similar in several ways . i test as an intp but i also have a harmony goal . see ya around the perc . welcome . i am most likely not a feeler , but i am a 9 . plus i am a woman , so i have some really emotional times . anyway , hi . hi there . i won't say not to worry too much because that is unhelpful . there are all types of people on here , just like there are all types in a school or workplace . some people will be mean and ... there is a part of me ( and having parts is a whole ' nothuh issue ) that would like to be socrates , but without the entire ... killed by disapproving society part . walk about , ask people questions that ... 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? the ... i'm not sure , maybe ... indecision . : tongue : my current work involves taking care of kids . i do not love this . i can do it , but it does not stimulate me mentally . i have been given advice along the lines of ' get involved , these are moldable ... yes . * brain is blanking * i know there are some in there . * wish i had my bookcase and pile of dvds handy * corbin dallas from the fifth element . mikhail hastur from exile's song and other darkover ... other : no . expect , lol . i expect people to do their own thing and normally ignore me unless something i do personally effects them and then they may or may not react to what i am doing . i used to ... hi there . welcome to the perc . i am trying to say hello to at least 3 new people every day ( without making it seem like a job to myself ) because i enjoy being part of a welcome wagon . or maybe howdy ... is there a third option ? i identify as intp but is that all i am ? no . part of me wants to make a ven diagram and another part says ' screw it , you are not a pigeon ! ' hi there . the perc is a neat place . see ya on the flip side . who said anything about aquaman ? i feel like i care about many things , i just have to step back and analyze before i react . i have been burned before by speaking my initial reaction . it doesn't come out all pretty and wrapped up ... hi there . that was a lot of typing you did there , bravo ! i must have written two lines . oh well , i was eager to dive into forums . hope you enjoy the perc . smiles ! if you like rock / blues i recommend zzward . she is good . i saw that crisis movie with my istp husband . he likes owl man's logic and he tends to be critical of humanity in general . i understood his logic but had an instinctual reaction of disgust . how could ... hi there . great to see you are finding benefit in the perc so far . enjoy !