' this is epic legend . . . . wait for it . . . . dary . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fZ_JOBCLF-I what hurts the most : when your younger enfp friend feelings and emotions get in the way of any sense . that it becomes to bearable and frustrating to fix anything with her . not matter the subject ... is this after enfp break up with you for some other mbti with more f like after they had like 1-4+ relationships ? just saying . to be honest , it's the same as every one else on this world . not just intj . the real question is what age does all these become irrelevant ? lets just say people know i am around . emmeagram test is that way . i got dumped by an enfp for another enfp , reason being . it's fun that he gets all emotional like me enfp girl . typical females . facepalm waste seashells can help clean wastewater : treehugger what good is it if no cares about it all ? this is what gets me through my days . 85888 pof random chat . girls profile says shes a secret agent and a super hero girl : i told you ! i'm not giving away my secrets ! me : i see , a fortress of solitude . shall i just stand and look up at its ... 85817 anyone here work at the patent office ? ? i need some free help understanding it . as i have 2 simplistic patents in my head , but refuse to believe i am the first to think it up . reality & society . . . . . . . i have found that unless they are enxx . i get really bored of them . their lives are so meh , and they never ever see what i see in things . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FNXwKGZHmDc i'm always open to opinions , especially this subject . it brings me down to reality . i'm horrible at explaining by text . i would say more but it just leads to more ideas * shrug * i will try my ... story short , she was the first person to ever show an interest in me . but after many bad relationships , she's afraid to be in one . so trying to better my self as a intj and leaving my comfort zone . ... funny , i'm in the opposite position , kinda . that is his lose , but wait it out . i was just thinking out loud in my post . i'm pretty in tuned with my f and i know it is unfair to just cut off an enfp after we went through so much because of ... i always feel lonely . even well being in a relationship . it is the one thing that i always know will be there for me no matter what happens . 85648 intj + lego = weight bearing theoretical bridge design . intj and enfp can be friends . intj just has to work really hard at not getting attached . as my enfp keeps reminding me after a fling this summer before she moved away . we are just friends , and ... well that is 45 mins of my life well spent looking at grumpy cat meme well laughing my ass off . thanks so ends a chapter of my life . sailing the desert with an enfp . this chapter has all the makings of a greek play . but in the end , this thorny rose of an enfp with all her pleasantry , has withered ... i'll just put this here for a good laugh . https://plus.google.com/115694824859958653129/posts/KPncnrEN3x7 i felt like this belonged here . . . . https://plus.google.com/115694824859958653129/posts/KPncnrEN3x7 step back , as in leave my robot self ? am i attractive , i'm a genius , that's attractive . yet history says otherwise . also a international level athlete . but 3 % body fat is not at all attractive . i have been told that i actually personally cheated mbti test to get intj . so i may troll other intjs . as for the stereotypes , it's just the unhealthy ones that fit it . the healthy one ... me either , if my test come back positive . half my life becomes a waste . i then have no reason to want to live and wish i don't awake from my dreams the day after . if it's negative , then i'm good ... i always know where my survival ration will be . . . . . . . wall-e . . . . . & any pixar movie . . . . its pretty self explanatory . yet again , its bed time , and i rather think now . ditto with a ton of yellow and orange . i have acute depression that makes my dreams a better place then real life . i become amazing one liners linguistic and people are amazed at how cool & fun i am to be around . its been 6 years since i had anything to drink . continuing the comments from the pissing off intj thread . so after doing more cognitive function test , half i found had stupid questions others had good ones . on all the other site intj was the ... what type do you think i may be then ? either way , i must be in great denial to get intj on 5 different test that i have done over 40 + times . same goes with the emmeagram test for type 3 and the ... some one decided i really needed to hear their opinion about me . i'm not really concerned with what you think is appropriate to hear from me when you have been foul-mouthed and scathing ... last time i read my post , those 2 dots where not at all connected . you might not want to ass / u / me . i think this is the real reason sopa and cispa are trying to be passed . music and movie download is just a cover up . lol http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlkrNo6Clyo yea there is some bs in there , but the part that caught my attention and then looked into it was the creation of the moon . really , the 1940 theories that are used are total , wtf , yea right . also ... what something to really think about for those who are truly opened minded . david icke , and his opinion called the moon matrix i will not link anything as i want you to look it up and come to ... only people i talk to over the phone is my parent and grandparents . so when my cellphone does ring , i am like wtf , who has my number . come follow the journey of an enfp and an intj as they travel across canada in pursuit of rowing . someone thought it be to funny if my training partner and i had a tweeter feed . they think are ... i have been invited to try out for the canadians non-olympic worlds light weight mens 8 + , for rowing . shazam , finally . just want to point this out , intj would also question the information they have found as the op is doing to come to a conclusion . says the xsxp . silly sp , logical thinking is for those with nj if i told you gullabla was spelled with 3 l would you believe me ? this is why we are so awesome . yet another thread talking about changing your mbti . even though mbti clearly states you are born this way . its quiet simply goes like this , at a young age you do not know anything to make a ... this was linked to that video . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bPHtAHxB3iI&feature=relmfu '