' have an associates in general radiography then a few year later started information technology but dropped out . i work in the box room at a local plant now almost as much bs as a hospital but less ... vet archeologists pilot author can't remember the ages though . meh i am pretty much the same . only real difference is how many words i use . for example in real life i probably would have just shrugged , or ignored the question all together . i have this on a t shirt 1 this is the first day i've had off in 3 weeks and i am bored 2 i have a dog who makes me question her dogishness 3 if i don't hear my name i don't usually notice when people are talking to me 4 ... i can crash on the couch for an entire day but a few hours of consciousness the next day i feel like i'm going insane . in a building without windows however i can only last a few hours before feeling ... i think my best dream was being chased by a t rex . i don't know why but i was laughing in the dream and when i woke up . the worst doesn't seem like it should be . i'm standing on the porch of this ... only when i am running a register / selling stuff or drunk . pb & j tortilla roll thingy ... a better excuse to skip work than i just don't wanna deal with their shit today ... i didn't grow up i just learned how to act in public . i might or might not have been addicted to the pokemon games . i'd have fewer unfinished projects . honestly say damn as i decide wether or not i have time to change . has happened to me more than once unfortunately it has never been coffee ... heh i thought i was the only one . was told recently i'm not white . i apparently looked at them funny because they said that is a good thing ... compliments are in the eye of the speaker i guess tv grimm supernatural probably the only two shows i make time to watch . tv shows i never actually watched on tv i like are firefly and davinci's demons . i also watch a lot of cartoons like ... heh i'm a bat secondary was penguin . i only remember one dream that ever scared me had it off and on for a long time . not sure why it scares me though because there really isn't much in it that i would normally think of as scary , a bit ... there are a few things i wouldn't mind stealing provided i could get off scot free . as for murder ... i'd love to say that the majority of people would still draw a line there , but honestly i can't ... with me it depends on the clown ... happy clowns like ronald mcdonald scare me , psyco serial killer clowns not so much . not really , unless i feel like crap . except climbing down a ladder . i don't know why but i tend to fall climbing down the ladder . as in i am about halfway down the ladder and next thing i know i am ... scarface by andre norton harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban by j . k . rowling leviathan by james byron huggins what angels fear by c.s.harris wolverine the nature of the beast by dave stern ... if i respond at all i'm interested to some extent if not the topic then at least the person texting me . if not i either am not interested or i just haven't gotten around to looking at my phone . odds ... four . the majority of my playlist tend to fall between 80 ' s hair band and death metal . don't care much for the second one . something about his voice that bothers me , don't know what though . which might seem odd if you play the video below . i listen to pretty much everything , so ... 121370 my backyard . i don't know why it isn't in color , just found it on my computer . pretty much this . we very rarely conform to any particular norm and when we even sense that we are we immediately rebel against it . i do what i want . whether or not it is the norm doesn't factor into it . we do things ... moving through water especially moving water standing under a warm shower running my hands through a bowl of rice or bird seed the feel of my knife in my hand 3am heheh has no relevance whatsoever but all i can think about now is dumbledore saying always use the proper name for things . fear of the name increases the fear of he thing itself bri libra istp 26 meh , not really . the only part of the description that fits me is seeing both sides of the coin and apparent indecisiveness . shapeshift / teleport combo would be cool . though i would want to be able to teleport things i'm not touching as well ( think telekinesis without the floating ) . i just always thought teleporting would ... only ever walked out of one but i don't remember the name , came out in like ' 06 or ' 07 , had something to do with dinosaurs i think . dragons maybe ? there were several i've sat through that i would ... i'm an istp 1 ) do you place a lot of value on the ability to ' rough it ' or do you crave comfort and strive to create / enjoy it whenever possible ? do you put up with discomfort only when you must ? ... like is a bit of an understatement actually . i read mostly fiction , especially books like the song of ice and fire series . i have to be really interested in the subject to read non-fiction all the ... heh , i'm usually the one getting asked that . granted the only reason they noticed i walked off in the first place is because i didn't answer . 111418 mine is actually set to change every few minutes but this is what it is at the moment . heh i'm an istp . 111402 1113 94 this is my daisy no idea what she is though . if this human has not had nicotine run . or do not admit that something i did offends / annoys you it will be filed away for future reference . what's wrong ? what did you say ? ( the one that bothers me most is that warning version . i wasn't scared to say it the first time , why would i be scared to repeat it . ) smile . why is ( insert random ... yeah could be the lack of sleep or my own dumbassness but the water just got muddier ... anyway went back and read the first post again and to answer your original question . of course the ... you know it is questions like this that make me wonder what is wrong with me ... it's all about perspective though i guess . no body can cover everything , that is why they say plan for the ... those moments when everything just clicks . whether it is with the people i happen to be around , a project i'm working on , or just with the world in general . it's like i'm one with the moment and for ... why shouldn't i ? i take everyone else as they are why would i do my kid different ? about the only thing i'd take issue with is if they were a serial killer or one of those bubbly people who insist on ... watching the exorcist movies are not valid guides for performing your exorcism . make sure that the possessed person has nothing that may be possessed such as occult artifacts , dream catchers , ... same here . take something like the boss 429 mustang 67 impala or 87 ram 1500 and find a way to make it green while still keeping the same power and sound of the originals i'd be a very happy camper . '