' oh yeah and as far as real life examples , i just gave this one to somebody in another thread on here . like say you're asking someone for advice on how to deal with your girlfriend who always talks ... yeah , so with ne it's like you have the situation , all the pieces of information about it , then you draw connections between what you already know and the new information to create estimates about ... so there's an introverted and extroverted version of each of the functions . you've probably heard that sensing types are pragmatic realists who focus on details and like to think about ideas in their ... it helps to get a good understanding of how the system works . actually , trying to type other people has helped me a lot when it comes to understanding mbti . usually the way that i type people in my ... well intuitive types tend to be more cerebral and sensing types are more hands on . enjoying growth and understanding is just a human thing and there aren't certain types that enjoy it and other types ... i'm not quite sure yet , but i don't think it is intj because your answer to question 10 was definitely ti , not te . maybe infj , but i didn't see a lot of fe . your answer to 6 sounds ni and not ne . 18 ... my mom can be kinda like that . she makes jewelry and if i ask her something while she's concentrating she will just ignore me until she's done and then what ? but she doesn't understand why i make ... i've never heard that about sensors . i wonder if it is something that can be explained by cognitive functions or if it's more observational ? the only time i've heard people talk about lack of empathy ... try talking to her about things that interest you . i know you need some alone time too , but try this now and then . this way you will have some time where you don't have to listen to conversation that ... thanks for all your responses ! i didn't expect any of you to only have one type that you like or to really like anybody just because of their type . i was only wondering about any patterns you may ... would that inclination toward people who are strong where you're weak also apply to other elements of type than extroversion and introversion ? like feeling or sensing functions , etc ? yeah , so if my type in socionics is infj and my lover's is intp then i think the relations of benefit actually makes a lot of sense even though i still think we're really good together and i don't ... i read up a little bit on mbti and relationships . i think it's interesting because with socionics you're supposed to have the most compatibility with your opposite type but in mbti it seems like a ... i take it with a grain of salt and i hope i've never explained any behavior of mine by saying i'm infp . i think the way of looking at it is i'm infp because of these particular mental processes ... have you read ecclesiastes ? i'm not proselytizing , i'm not religious , it's just a really cool and unique book in the bible that relates directly to your problem . not that i think it would solve it , ... classic infp . :) it's not because you're an intp . it's probably just that you're afraid of death ... have you ever tried embracing your boredom ? it's great that you're so active but it sounds like you might be ... that's a perfect example of te ! fe types often feel that way about things like taste because they are making value judgments in an external and objective way and that's the way you make logical , ... so i'm really afraid of conflict and one of my big fears has to do with disagreeing with someone who i respect and since i've become really close with an intj i've grown so much regarding that ... yeah , enfp seemed really fitting :) but it's nice to have an mbti and an enneagram type because they can cover different aspects of your personality . you're very welcome ! i don't think the test at humanmetrics takes cognitive functions into account , so it might mistype a little bit for that reason . it isn't at all uncommon for judging types ... that suggests te , which is what i was thinking :D might be a type 5 thing instead of ti . your full enneagram will consist of three of the types so it might be something like 9w8 7w6 5w4 . so the examples i gave about ordering in a restaurant show how each of the perception functions work . si is the one that would prefer to order familiar dishes , se would make the decision based on ... 4 doesn't surprise me . when you get a full enneagram type it will consist of three types with wings like for example it may look like , 4w5 9w1 6w5 . i said 9 because of some of the things you said ... you don't come off as aggressive at all . this is more like how ni works than ne . ne would probably be thinking more in terms of different potential ways of getting to the concert and less about ... taste isn't really type related ... and how did you get ne from that ? no , but it's normal for people with asperger's to do that :) i'm infp not istp , but i love my isfp sister . she's really unique and funny . kind of a big child , but i don't really think it's mbti ... ni . auxiliary probably te . you can rule out enfp cause you're using fe for sure . your answer to question 11 shows a lot of confidence and certainty about that , plus a lot of your other answers suggest fe . you also seem ... i don't know why you scored more on fe than fi on that test cause the answers you gave here sound totally fi . i'd look into infp before entp if i were you . some of the answers you gave make me think ... well you can tell you're a feeling or thinking type based on whether you tend to make judgments based on things like evidence , logical consistency , accuracy , things that can be measured or on the ... sorry i'm late responding . it looks like you got a lot of good responses , but i wanted to respond to you just in case you needed any more clarification regarding thinking and feeling types . i read ... hey , i'm not an isfj , but i am a feeling type :) often times there will be a conflict like this between a feeling type and a thinking type where a feeling type is trying to work through some negative ... how do you solve conflicts ? what goes through your mind when it seems that your girlfriend lies to make you feel good ? when she is upset with you , or upset about anything , how do you handle that ... yeah , i take back what i said . i think you're an introvert :) might just be that you're not super introverted compared to some other people , and that's why it's been harder to nail down . haha , well now what about those occasions that you are invited out somewhere new and stimulating ? how are you feeling by the time it's over and you're driving home ? i would say estp just cause some of the stuff you put in the estp category did sound like extroversion while the stuff in the istp category sounded like things that are typical of istps , but not ... that makes sense . it's like the other way around for me because with an informal interaction like for instance a party where there are some people that i don't know , it's a lot more stressful because ... well , being an extrovert doesn't mean you will be bubbly . it really doesn't mean anything other than that you need interaction generally more than an introvert does . introverts need solitude as a way ... that may mean you're using ti . i've talked to a lot of thinking types who really feel like they relate to both te and ti and score high on both of them , so you're not alone . if you absolutely don't ... pyroftw , the feeling function isn't about actual emotions . it's about value judgments . all the stuff you said about individuality etc sounded like fi to me , but if you score so high in ti , then you ... and , just to clarify , your judgment that a makes more sense than b is not based on how you feel about these ideas or any kind of gut reaction . you've noticed a logical inconsistency between the ... okay , so it's up to you whether to try idea a or idea b . you're given statistics about the effectiveness of similar ideas to each of them . the statistics show that idea a has not been as effective as ... sorry for not responding earlier , but i just get on personality cafe when i'm at work and i had to go home for the day , haha well , maybe i should rephrase the question . regardless of which argument you think would be most effective , which argument do you think makes a better case ( by that i mean not necessarily what you ... i think my gut was correct . :) i'm pretty sure you're an enfp . your other answers to my questions also indicated extroversion over introversion . you probably just have really good intrapersonal ... haha , sorry about that ! :) is that because interaction makes you anxious or puts some other kind of emotional stress on you , or because you feel like you need to get alone to reflect on the ... i think the best way to meet someone is to do what you normally do . like , a lot of people go out to bars and stuff when they wouldn't normally do that and then they inevitably end up meeting people ... your social anxiety could definitely be giving you introverted results when you're an extrovert . j_stone 7 is correct . introversion isn't about avoiding social situations because of anxiety . it's ... '