' honestly at this point i think i would rather risk starvation and just bust my ass to freelance the crap outta this town rather than being chained to someone else's terrible idea for a paycheque . i can appreciate that this was a mistake , but in a 1 year contract position for my first real job ever , i did not feel i was in much of a position to make the system work as it should . when i was ... i am a 27 year old intj and i am embarrassed to say it , but i have a problem with work . i worry about my ability to find and hold down a job . it is not that i am afraid that i won ’ t be able to do the ... my poor longsuffering dad is istj . i don't really understand how they ever agree on anything . yeah , my mom will also sometimes look at me like i'm crazy too . like let's say i started to answer a ... i've never had a one night stand . i think i understand at least some of the appeal though . the no-strings-attachedness and potential for novel physical pleasure is attractive , but the idea of getting ... with close friends and family i can be very high energy , dynamic , vocal , expressive , and silly . stick me with people i don't know and i have about as much energy and dynamism as the butt end of a ... i peace out and stop engaging with them altogether . you sound like a guy i could get along with just fine , and i suspect many other female intjs wouldn't have an issue with your lack of experience or your preferences . what matters is the quality of ... dude , i just saw this movie and i gotta say i do not remember there being a gay tiger ... ? sadly this reminds me of nearly every conversation with my esfj mom . i am lucky if i can get the first sentence of my answer out before she's already finishing the rest of my answer for me and asking ... qualities i look for : someone with the ability to listen actively , take constructive input , synthesize a great deal of information quickly , who isn't afraid to take decisive action when it's called ... i can relate on some level to the op , but i don't think of it as ' wandering ' thoughts as much as automatically running background processes . if my surroundings are especially boring then i become ... oh man , yeah i can relate on the parental front here . my mother has suffered from anxiety and depression , including more recently severe anxiety attacks sometimes lasting hours and hours . she is ... there's a chance that this might not apply to your situation , but it might be worth taking a look at what lifestyle habits you have developed and what ones might be damaging to you . it's amazing what ... hello . somewhat antisocial intj here . a couple of the best friends i've had have been enfps , but sadly we grew apart and i am really bad at keeping in touch with people i don't see that often . i'm in ... well , it's been around half a year since i originally posted my plea for an infp-intj translator . i re-visited this thread today because it's all happening again , and i needed to re-read everyone's ... preferred methods of feeling expression : - doing thoughtful and / or helpful things for my partner - in writing - sexually : kitteh : grades 1-8 : terrible feelings of isolation and misunderstanding . terrible relationship with esfj mother . total lack of relatable peers . cliques . basically no close friends after a falling out with ... you'll only get to know an intj if they want you to know them , and that may take a long time to build trust . i would say simply be yourself , and if you happen to snag an intj's interest in the ... infp bf's love language results : 10physical touch 7quality time 7words of affirmation 4receiving gifts 2acts of service compare with mine : intj http://i59.tinypic.com/2ry33nn.gif intp http://i62.tinypic.com/sg1mja.gif isfj http://i58.tinypic.com/k9j43l.gif istj as a female intj , i don't think i am particularly remarkable to behold . most of my strengths will only become apparent with prolonged exposure . generally i am quiet , opinionated , quick to find ... occasionally , if i am discussing something with someone else , then the other person's introduction of new insight or a new perspective will illuminate something to me suddenly , and this new data will ... my closest friends are : infp ( 3 ) enfp ( 2 ) intp ( 1 ) a couple more who have not taken the mbti , but i suspect int ( x ) and another probable enfp . kudos to you and your wife for sticking it out despite all the differences . it's been interesting for me to hear about you two . like you , i've just been curious to read about another female intj / male ... whoops , sorry for the double post . having poor wifi connection issues . i am new to the forum and not sure how to delete a post ... he is definitely prone to thinking this way . it gets uncomfortable for me when i feel like he's putting me on on a pedestal . he has a way of categorically minimizing every hardship and difficulty i ... out of sheer morbid curiosity it makes me want to stage an intj poetry reading . bahaha . i imagine something like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SySZdvsFYt4 100 % agree . i think you and i might reach a service overload . within a couple days there wouldn't be anything left to do . actually , hold on a sec . that is exactly what i want . : laughing : it's worth mentioning ... speaking of siblings , i'm the intj older sister of an infp brother and an infp sister ! my siblings also seem to appreciate the ' bullshit laser ' that comes with my advice . i get along very well with ... * tips hat to your infinite wisdom . * wait , i'm not wearing a hat . thanks to many of the points brought up by the lovely , helpful people in this thread , the bf and i actually had a good talk last night . we have concluded that both of us definitely feel love for one ... i have more to say , which i will save for my next post , but for now just a quick thanks to everyone who replied . i will have more time to get through reading and responding later today . as for ... lolol : laughing : this is true . he's not willfully hurting the relationship so it's difficult for me to express my dissatisfaction with him without feeling like i'm just being a dick ... hahaha , oh wow . i feel less weird now . thank god . it's hard to find other intj women in real life . we are a pretty elusive bunch . absolutely . he performs well academically , has excellent ... as soon as you mentioned hating paperwork , i was all ears . that's exactly what he says . he just can't bring himself to do the ' grind ' activities of filling in applications , researching , etc . it ... well , extremists are obnoxious , loud , and demand public attention . moderates are none of those things . i think that explains why there is not more public derision of ' feminazis ' from self-identifying ... thank you for your reply , insolitude . it is incredibly helpful for me to hear another perspective ( even if not an infp one ! ) . sometimes things seem so obvious to me that it is difficult to imagine ... as with any group of people who subscribe to an ideology , there are always going to be extremists who give it a bad rep . at its core , feminism is just the belief that women should legally and ... stay gold , ponyboy . : happy : read it in high school and loved it . i would recommend the ocean at the end of the lane if you haven't read it . i am intj , and my boyfriend is infp . we're both 26 and live together . he is having a really hard time figuring out what he wants to do with his life . his degree is in theatre , and right now he's ... apparently i stare . i try not to , but i do . like many people have mentioned , i have a tendency to avoid the person until i have processed the feelings and decided that i want to move forward with ... hi . i just joined the forum . thought i would introduce myself . personal ~ * name : you can call me nitrogen , or nitro . :) * gender : female location i was born and raised in canada , ... hi . i just joined too . also a female intj . nice to meet you ! i appreciate the record email or messaging provides , so it's my usual method . however , if something of particular importance needs to be discussed , especially if it's time sensitive , i would rather ... '