' somebody's irony detector is broken ... i hope you didn't take what i said as an affront to yourself or your argument . that was not my intention . i agree with you about the skinny thing , obviously it is also very bad for you . there ... okay , please don't take this as hate ; i'm just glad you brought this up . i have no problem with fat people , i have some fat friends myself . however , i can't stand this new fat pride movement , for ... well , here comes the whirlwind . whirlwind , weather , rain , it's raining out right now should i go smoke a cigarette ? first one of the day , can't wait , oh wait it's fucking raining , i don't think i ... it's not just you , it's a general trend around here . i've noticed that replies come very very slowly , if at all , unless you're a popular member or you have a thread idea that universally appeals to ... i smoke 350,000 , 000,000 packs a day . marlboro reds are my go-tos but i like marlboro menthol , southern cut , and lights . i also like lucky strokes , camel crush , buglers , newports , and parliaments ... i see you guys already went over hup . chaos theory does not imply randomness at all . chaos theory studies dynamical systems , which are completely deterministic in that their behavior is ... well , some of it is definitely this : 7w6 and intp generally don't mix . moreover , and more importantly , from what little i can gather from your talking / interpersonal style i don't see much ... actually it's the opposite for me . every single thing i read in a book sends my mind off on a tangent . that's why i can't even read books anymore , as much as i'd like to . i just can't focus . i ... i know i'm not the only one not buying this intp thing op . drugs well , that's exactly it : you're not supposed to win us . at least not me . deep down it kills me to be left alone , but i know that by behaving the way i do that it will continue to happen . i'd ... i avoid them as much as possible and convince myself that feelings are stupid . eventually , i get over it . if i can't avoid interaction i act like an asshole . still , i can never help but steal ... i dropped out of college . i wanted to be either a psychophysicist or a linguist . now i work a minimum wage job and will probably never go anywhere . though i'm still holding out the hope that one ... couldn't fit all of this in one post apparently , so one more thing . you might find this kind of strange , but whatever . i love folk music , especially irish folk music and i really enjoy getting ... hmm ... let me see what i can do for you . one of my favorite bands , who i never hear anyone talking about ever , is steeleye span . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3OivzThpJbk ... ... these . just don't talk to him anymore , not that difficult . i don't know why you feel such a strong need to rectify the situation , but i'm sure he doesn't . sorry to say , but ... i used to do that all the time . i don't do it anymore unless they've made a grave error and i feel it's really necessary . i feel that non-native speakers are generally appreciative of corrections ... this so much . i diagnosed myself with aspergers , adhd , npd , schizotypal personality disorder , and so many more . turns out i have none of those things as i eventually came to realize . i spent all ... lolololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololololooo absolutely agree . i guess the reason why i'm asking is because i've never seen it mentioned in this forum and i've never come across it in the literature i've read on mbti and the enneagram . i've ... before i begin , i'd ask that anyone who doesn't believe in intelligence pls go . i'm frequently put-off by the number of people i find on the internet dismissing the notion of intelligence with ... i mean that i pretty much sit around all day on my computer from the morning until late at night and then go out and smoke , come back , go to sleep , rinse , repeat . i go to work on the weekends , and ... i just take in information however it is presented to me and synthesize it intuitively . i can't really explain my learning style , i was always one of those freaky gifted kids who always just gets ... i'm not here to really challenge the validity of the system as i have no facts or data to back up any claims other than my own personal experience , but i'm highly skeptical . i've been on a journey ... bump i understand that each enneatype and each instinctual variant stacking has levels of health , and that these have behaviors associated with them . for example , an unhealthy 5 might dissociate ... ha , i do that a lot . last time i got really mad at someone i grabbed their collar , pulled them right up to my face , and slowly described exactly why i was mad , what they did wrong , and just how ... i do enjoy figuring out systems of how just about anything works . i used to be big on taking things apart and looking inside , but lately i've been stuck in a state of mild dysthymia and ennui and ... frequently couldn't agree more . i honestly have a hard time watching the news nowadays without getting irked by their ridiculous attitudes and biases . journalism today deviates a lot from what it is supposed ... i find that when talking on the phone i tend to get distracted by everything around me and lose focus completely . i do that enough in person , so i usually lose just about all information i should ... depends on what you mean . i enjoy having a civil debate . an argument , especially one where i'm actually right , just seems a frustrating waste of time to me . what other people think doesn't really ... why didn't i think of that ? oh wait , i did . already took the test , several of them . i've gotten intp , infp , and entp . which , given the relationships between the cognitive functions , means that ... how you doin ' everyone ? i'm pretty new here . so now that that's out of the way , i've spent a lot of time in these past few weeks trying to determine my personality type . at first i was certain ... comic books , normal books , video games , video game systems , instruments , weapons from various time periods , batman and legend of zelda memorabilia , replica movie props , and tobacco pipes . untitled x93why are you laughing , love ? x94 she asked of me , x93you havenx 92t stopped since half-past three ; is it you , is it them , dost thou laugh at me ? x94 x93oh no , my dear darling , x94 i said with a ... '