' fe means you extrovert your feelings . fi is internalizing the feelings sent from my iphone using tapatalk hmm as it is a judging function yes we have judgments on certain things and people however please note that infp is not all fi . we are ne , si and te too . ne is very important here . it balances the ... another thing , i find so much pleasure in hoarding things like purses , wallets or gadgets or just anything that i can eventually give away to others . i just get a very small portion then i give ... eating french fries for ketsup . like i can use up one bottle of ketsup when eating large fries listening to a song over and over again , like for weeks , until i get bored with that song and move on ... i hear you . im infp myself so as may have known , i'm sensitive and emotional ... but ... i try my best to understand the other person's perspective , usually during my alone time . however that doesn't ... please keep the tips coming . i need this badly . i'm the epitome of the infp's stereotype messy hehe [ emoji 3 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk im not obsessed with harley quinn . i don't dislike her but i dont like her either ? i kind of pity her ( for the lack of better word ) because of her obsession with joker and sometimes i wonder if ... whoa ! i didn't expect my scores ! dark triad test results edit :/ / i get it now ... why i have high scores on machiavellianism . it may just be a warning for me because as infp i am ... wow .. this is a good observation . i was never really aware of this until you mentioned this ! very true . i completely agree 100 % there are so many times that im violent ... but only in my head . like i want to curse and make the dirty finger but couldn't do it in real life . now there was this one time that i did really ... hmmm but that would mean to be not myself ? if there's anything i like the most in a friendship is both of you can be yourselves without the need for pretensions or suppression and yet are able to ... i realized i didn't answer the question . as with relating to a fictional character displaying my mbti type , there are only 2 fictional characters that im sure to be infp - himura kenshin from rurouni ... dumbledore i believe is infj for intjs , i like gandalf and snape . in fact gandalf is my favorite lotr character . holmes is ok though watching the netflix series makes me think he's a cross breed ... based on your post above , i think it's normal and that's why we aren't friends with everyone because we cannot connect with everyone and them with us . the only difference i guess is how important ... ^ why can't you be friends ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk op , when reading all your posts , i cant help but smile . why ? because you just showed that the stereotype about intj is wrong . i am afraid to be vulnerable myself and for most of my life , i lived in ... i'm not intj but i guess this isn't type related ? what's the difference between him / her and the few that you were able to tolerate ? i guess the key is if you are really into the people then you'll ... i like the bed meme . very very so me ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk thanks so much for dropping by . we need you here in our forum ( and give us different perspectives [ emoji 3 ] ) i think you may have already seen me in your forum i . e . intj's many times . this is ... the fe / fi is a logical argument . i'm a fi user myself but my ne prompts me to be open ( and it gets so confusing ) . that's probably why i also had experienced door slamming / ghosting , etc due to my ... what if the person doesn't ask , you will not initiate telling the person ? i respect your view and your reasons for easily slamming doors though i think it may cause misunderstandings ? i would ... can i ask something ? how would we know if she's trying to distance herself because she wants to cut the relationship off / slam doors vs . she's just contemplating about the relationship ? what i ... am i allowed to reply even if though im not intj ? this is the irony , intjs usually do this and like you , sometimes , i feel the same way . so maybe this isnt type related ? sent from my iphone ... where are you exactly in asia ? go to our office ! haha . btw i'm infp too [ emoji 3 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk blank space i just love taylor swift's sarcasm / dark humor here .. :) this ! i think she captured them beautifully :) again , for me , there are different levels and forms of love . i can love someone without exhibiting all of the above signs . when i do all of the above ... 50-50 . sometimes i am . sometimes i don't sent from my iphone using tapatalk it's fear then anger then ... i don't know . probably joy and sadness tied to third place . at the onset i am fearful . and fear produces anger . i am just trying to be brave . i am extremely shy but ... one big no . i am kinda picky with whom i can show the real me or at least parts of the real me . most of the time what they see is my te . from time to time they'll get to see my fi if im really ... justice in the form of equity - give people what they deserve . but it's more complex than it appears because i also value compassion and understanding . probably the more generic word is love ... yeah . even for other types not just for infp or intj . though disclaimer on my part : just like any other human being , we sometimes feel sad or low . it doesn't mean we're unhealthy . it just that ... i do agree that this tends to happen to younger infps . i was very idealistic ( and probably unhealthy ) when i was a lot lot younger . i don't hold grudges though ever since im a kid but i did erase ... everything entheos said . well captured ! ! ❤ ️ sent from my iphone using tapatalk this is true . i also had a hunch that this is p vs j but would that mean there are more js than ps in this world ? hehe .. because i also get those questions often , or if im not asked directly , it's ... i'm working in the office so this would be brief and i will try to elaborate later when i go home . basically , infps , or me at least , are generally friendly / nice but extra nice to people we like . i ... bored and tired sent from my iphone using tapatalk thanks for all the compliment but i just hope we get it in real life too . cos irl , people aren't fond of us . maybe it's our aloofness . or our sensitivity . or our small batter capacity for social ... this ! ! ! agree 100 % . i was smiling when i read all these . it's so ... me ! - plant the seed : check - dont tell them what to do : check - dislike criticisms - check - dont criticize their ... third person because i want to see not only my rivals but myself as well . how i move , behave , react , etc ... i can internalize my character well from third person point of view sent from my ... i don't know . i haven't been that drunk that i am not aware of what im doing . the worst that happened to me , which was only a few weeks ago , was i went to the kitchen instead of the door exit ( was ... hahaha couldn't resist . i think i know myself enough ? haha . cos the test result seems to be 99.9 % accurate at least on my actualize type ! ! i always tested as infp . initially i was nervous that i may ... sometimes i do ask for permission but sometimes i forget too . you know , infps have so many things in our minds that sometimes we forget things [ emoji 3 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk sometimes i do ask for permission but sometimes i forget too . you know , infps have so many things in our minds that sometimes we forget things [ emoji 3 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk this question is not for me but i can answer too cant i ? [ emoji 3 ] i actually appreciate it when i am being protected ( sometimes i even cry in silence as in cry for joy ) for as long as it's not ... se . i have no inclination to any sensory activities . i don't do sports . i don't engage in physical pleasure to satisfy myself ( i dont smoke , don't drink - only tried occasionally but just to be a bit ... hahaha . we're somehow alike . but i think mine is more of unconscious thing . it's not something that i force myself with . i just happen to gravitate towards my opposite especially on the emotional ... sorry but what specifically do u want to know ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk i couldn't think of any . i am actually a proponent of unconditional love ... i know it's the ideal thing but maybe i have subconscious , unaware conditions but consciously , i tend to avoid love ... and ive got a thing for rational types . hahaha . so much for opposites attract . hahaha [ emoji 23 ] sent from my iphone using tapatalk same here . i think that for me what i can relate to is out of sight , out of mind though i don't forget people easily but the feeling will not be the same anymore . though twice a week i believe ... '