' interesting post , and i agree with most all of it . i think this is an interesting philosophical question that you raise ; is being alive an act of war , considering that the environment , and even our ... to be honest , i don't think so but that comes from my own ne not working that way . it seems too fantastical for even an ne dom to believe without a very , very firm belief in this feels right . ... i'm curious as to your reasoning , sir . i know i see a hell of a lot of fi on tumblr . ne / se in the shared pictures , but so much damn fi on the actual pages . i'm looking at you , otherkin . and these charts also fail to account for gender differences in romantic preferences and compatibility . my self and other enfp males generally don't like istj women , as we typically don't want women ... agreed , and this list is awful . it puts enfp as having a conflict-prone relationship with infp , while istj is an ideal match . only in hollywood movies is this true . in real life , my infp ... entjs ? i wouldn't figure a lot of entjs would care for that . also , infp and isfp both seem far more common on the tumblr sphere , given self-identification on the pages i've seen . it's actually not ... lol , this guy was a complete troll and was probably lacking in many endowments , too . take that how you will . enfp here . got a bachelor's in history , first , and then went back for a degree in nursing . so i got an m degree , eventually . genie from alladin is probably the most obvious example . naruto uzumaki and monkey d . luffy are in the shonen genre corner . ariel from the little mermaid . simba from the lion king aang from ... this is definitely a case of immature types versus matured types . immature ( teenaged ) enfps will be very idealistic and try to use their fi to analyze complicated issues . this is why big idealistic ... ideal job : journalist , archaeologist , paleontologist , zoologist , astronomer , anthropologist , or botanist . current job : registered nurse i enjoy my current job , to be honest . more importantly ... you're a wierd guy . no , you didn't tell me that , honey . did you make decisions and forget to tell me , again ? i love just how passionate you get about your projects . you're the one person ... i had to revisit this one because it is the original . i would say that , as an enfp , i've more thought about how world peace could be possible . i don't really think a complete absence of ... i watched naruto fall directly into way too many stupid traps that , had he been an se dom , he would have avoided . looking at you , nagato v . itachi , killer b , and naruto where naruto allows nagato to ... hmm , interesting . well , if we rule out the idea of him being a different type , i can also say that both unhealthy enfj and esfj are prone to that manipulative behavior , and if he was deeply immature ... either ghostbusters or raiders of the lost ark , as a kid the proton packs were awesome , the ghosts were scary , and there was so much fun . i also dreamed of discovering lost relics from ancient ... analytical , playful , affectionate , pensive , and creative . superficiality and negativity are kinda odd behavior for an enfj . there is variation within the type , for sure , and some will inevitably dwell more in their se which creates superficiality and ... enfjs are pretty much the great white buffalo of mbti types ; there are so very , very few . i've known 2 , and one of them is one of my best friends in the world . she is a simply amazing person , and i ... having personal experience with and istj in a relationship and an estj as a close friend , i'd say an infp should associate with them at some point to develop their inferior functions and mature into ... gwhitman - mine was estj , and though he wasn't the best human being , i developed so much of my te thanks to our debates , boom , exactly . the world is not the place we dreamed of when we were children , but just because it's not all good doesn't mean it's all bad . nihilism is just as , if not more , annoying than childish ... for anyone still interested in the answer to this question , i highly recommend making friends with t types , particularly with someone like an tj who is going to use te like you , as ti logic is going ... he's probably a well-developed infp who's managed to overcome his weaknesses ; in other words , he's luke skywalker after he became a jedi master . he's the ideal sort of infp , but because type ... i think this is an introvert thing in general ; because all the introvert types tend to hold themselves back from others , people will always make assumptions about what we may or may not have ... i definitely at first come off as aloof , and distant . i like that ; it gives me the chance to listen to others to see if i would like to get to know a person or if i'd rather live and let live . it ... and that low self esteem and social anxiety is exactly what needs to be worked on if we ever want to actually meet our potential . we have to avoid being doormats ; i know that if i become reticent to ... good god is this so true , especially if they fall into ends justify the means , the needs of the many , or bloody savages manners of thinking . just because kiersey described nfs as morally pure ... if we're gonna go by simple stereotypes , and that's all we can really argue with here , i'd probably say the nfj's would be capable of saying the most hurtful things unintentionally and thus being ... a to the mother flippin ' men ! we all need both feeling ( which due to kiersey's writing many neglect that it refers just as much to humanistic thinking as it does to gut feelings ) and thinking ( or ... i'm an adamant humanist , and completely believe in the sanctity of human life . i've also found myself drawn to a good many of the teachings of buddhism , particularly regarding the ideas of ... though a nice portion of the fi dom subtype seemed to describe me , the ne dom subtype describes me to a freaking t , including the rougher parts where i can be very unforgiving , and advocate harsh ... i definitely love football and baseball , and can appreciate soccer , basketball , and hockey for the sheer skill involved in playing them . i enjoy playing racquetball . i personally have trouble ... eh , seeing people as naive because they look at others as being mostly good seems like it reveals more about the person who ascribed that to naïveté than to the so called naive person . my fi using ... i know that athletics aren't typically associated with intuitives ' interests , but that doesn't mean anything , really . how many nf's and nt's here enjoy sports , and which ones ? any favorite ... very interesting , it was kind of the same for me . the estj i refer to was the kind you typically don't want to hang around , exhibiting all of the bad qualities such types can possess ; dismissive , ... well , i'd probably say the elves at the time of the hobbit , which are often lovers of poetry , good food and wine , and doing lots of good in middle earth are probably esfp . a lot of se users amongst ... well , i'd probably say the elves at the time of the hobbit , which are often lovers of poetry , good food and wine , and doing lots of good in middle earth are probably esfp . a lot of se users amongst ... eh , i don't know about hobbits being infp . frodo is , but tolkien describes the hobbits as being creatures of habit , mild mannered , and distrustful of both no good outsiders and foolish new ideas . ... tanstaafl 28 . i agree that this type of experience is not type-specific . i've watched istj's , intj's entp's and esfp's undergo the same process of just breaking like this . now the better question ... hmm , i don't know . some of my fellow nf's may be a touch too sensitive . yeah , nt's can seem like they're being bullies when they tease nf's about being touchy-feeley , but the one's who do that ... doug is enfx , he is definitely very intuitive given his penchant for overthinking the films he reviews and asking a lot of conceptual questions . he's f based on his interactions with others when ... 1 . ) manipulators - i can but i usually don't 2 . ) suffers from attention deficit disorder - a bit . 3 . ) players - nahhh . 4 . ) obnoxious-mhey , piss off ! 5 . ) constant mood swings - not constant , but i ... i'd be very interested to hear any se / si doms come and explain the way they take info in , as it would probably clear up a lot . that's certainly an interesting way to define the ne / ni difference . ... alright , but what exactly is ni if ne can essentially do the same thing ? is there actually a difference or is it just a hypothesis ? also , from the general consensus i've picked up from the forum si ... i think that the problem is that mbti ( as in the 4 dichotomy test ) and jungian cognitive functions are part of the same family but are not really compatible . as foo-foo as it is , astrology has a ... the reason people tend to type sagan as nt is because people assume science = nt . if they're a scientist , they must be nt . sagan and neil degrasse tyson both seem more concerned with moving people ... lol , and here we all are , talking about silly make believe judgement days when so many real ones may sit at our doorstep . we're such a silly species . yes , any type can be good at survival , and honestly whether one lives or dies is really a matter of random chance despite the fact that zombie apocalypse fans don't want to admit it . where are you ... i think the better question here is how does each type survive . the zombie apocalypse is , at the end of the day , a metaphor for the natural disaster with a touch of societal breakdown thrown in . ... '