' i think generalised lists aren't a good approach . we're all different personalty types and have different circumstances . most of these lists just irritate me , or make me feel worse . the ballad of hollis brown coffee . . . and water bombay sapphire gin and fever tree tonic player piano . . . kurt vonnegut if you make a poll , then you'll have some indication 2/3 i know that even with limited opportunities , there is something i could be doing . i just need to stop thinking and do . i need a kick in the backside to do the things i know i should be doing . . . i've never really been of the thrill-seeking persuasion . my lack of opportunity stems from the fact that i live and work in a drab town with no friends and dependent on public transportation ... i've been trapped too . but i'm not having much luck with the se , due to lack of opportunity . se . . . things that bring the se into play ! when i'm in a healthy state , i'm seldom lonely . i'm quite self-sufficient . but sometimes i do miss having people to do stuff with . i'm quite isolated from my friends and family . and i find it ... i'm a 5 with balanced wings some tugboats aren't supposed to leave the harbour . i like people who are free-thinking individuals . most of the bad guy / gal acts aren't . it's just another ' trend ' to follow . so they hold no more appeal to me than the other sheeple . i disagree with this . if i like someone small talk would kill it , as it would grow stale or run out quickly . better to go straight to some more meaningful conversation . it's a mistake to think that you need a relationship . it'll be an istps undoing when they begin to think that way . then you start to allow the weaker aspects of your personality to take control . ... note to self : use se more . yes . it does help to boost me out of a funk , when i've been in one for too long . if only the weather would warm up and the sun would come out what's your view on casual sex ? it's alright . sometimes you just need to let off some steam . what's your view on intimate sex ? huh ? can you only see sex on a physical / pleasurable scale , or ... i eat cheese in greater quantities that chocolate . i'm more selective about which chocolates i eat too . must be top quality ( minimum 35 % cocoa solids if it's a milk chocolate ; 60 % if it's a dark ... dear istp self , it's nearly midnight . it's time to rise , like a phoenix , from the ashes of 2012 . 2013 and beyond , is your time ! sincerely , me is that book any good ? dear istp-self , after nearly 4 weeks of playing house with an isfp , it'll be good to get back to being you again . i hope the adaptation goes smoothly . just stay focussed . sincerely , me dear isfp , a week on vacation together . . . it went really well . we both enjoyed ourselves . maybe we can do it again some time . sincerely , istp i want to read this . i've read doors of perception i like it , so far . i'm at the chapter when she's at harvard . it's an interesting read . i'm reading this too it's nice to be exposed to other perspectives . . . dear isfp , you are both confused and confusing . let me know when you've figured it out . sincerely , your istp time quartet 3 : swiftly tilting planet women in general will be willing to put more effort into building a relationship with a person they see as strange / difficult , whereas men are less inclined to do so . so an istp male will have it ... dear self , focus . stay focused . take one step at a time ; one day at a time . you can do this ! regards , self ( in a non schizoid way ) congratulations ! dear sleep , welcome back ! sincerely , a rested istp siren of titan - vonnegut dear sleep , i miss you ! what's up with these fleeting visits you pay ? i need you for more than 2-3 hours each night . we need to get together and have a good old-fashioned 8-10 hour session , ... i just finished the first book in the time quartet series . . . so i'll take a break and move on to my next kurt vonnegut - god bless you , mr . rosewater they can't help it ! just finished mother night by kurt vonnegut now starting to read the time quartet ( quintet ) by madeline l'engle . i'd read the first 2 books as a child , but am going to re-read them , then read the ... dear isfp , this isn't as much fun as it used to be . i'm beginning to see a side of you that makes me quite wary . hmmm . sincerely , istp dear isfp , you said you were spending all day with your friends and wouldn't be in contact much . you know i'm cool with that . so two hours into the day and you send me an im saying that you ... you sound like a type 5 . we're born alone . we die alone . in between . . . we live together , we act on , and react to , one another ; but always and in all circumstances we are by ourselves . - aldous huxley i think it's more that people don't give me a chance . . . i can relate . i think about them a lot . and i think about being with them . but the reality is that i can't be with someone all the time as it would totally drain me . snap ! it's almost as if i have some kind of amnesia . it may be flawed but i've got to do things that i enjoy as the type to endure the things i don't . i've tried full-body exercises . they're not for me . i usually love going to the gym . but with the ... dear isfp , are you really trying to play that game with me ? you see , it's a game for you , but it's just instinctive behaviour for me . that f is going to be your downfall . but , i'm having fun ... my work schedule's messing with my gym attendance . some days i leave home too early and get home ( if i even make it home ) too late . i managed to string together 2 consecutive days over the ... dislikes : that they start a thread about themselves in the istp forum . have you asked this in the enfp forum ? i wonder . . . this is reassuring ! ! i'm looking forward to the changes . i like perc as it is . . . but improvements are always welcome ! ! '