' when people talk smack about me in a different language ... right in front of me ! ... then lie to me in english when i confront them about it ! like , i may not speak said language very well , but i fucking ... ok , please don't unleash your infj wrath upon me . i'm an intj and i can't say that i've ever permanently doorslamed someone . we just drift apart . please don't take this personally ; i truly just want ... the only problem is , i can't really tell when i'm being intense . it's not like i'm looking people in the eye either . in fact , i've notice that i actually avoid meeting a person's gaze during a ... http://fc09.deviantart.net/fs44/f/2009/137/3/8/Vincent_Valentine_by_JocelynJEG.jpg sorry , that's the first mascot that comes to mind when i hear intj ... minus the guns . the first is us adapting to ... does anyone else suffer from this ? when asked about my first impression , people often say that i come off rather strong or intense . some people say they were scared of me or thought i was mean ... iselia i am flattered that you remember me as i have avoided perc for quite some time now . we may be young , but we grow older as time passes . i am three and a half years older and i still love her ... ok , so this is a true story . please don't try to talk me out of anything . i've made up my mind and have no regrets . i just want to know how you would feel if you were this special infj . special ... this is my favorite short story . http://i975.photobucket.com/albums/ae240/WhereIsNovember/INTJ%20Motivational%20Posters/intj-poster-2.jpg no joke . i see your point . i was mostly just trying to emphasize my dedication , but i guess it came out wrong . unfortunately accurate self-expression and communication aren't my fortes . again , i was ... 1 . i hate being an intj because everybody hates me . 3 . i love an infj who refuses to love me back . 4 . i would give anything to become an infj , even if just for a day , simply so i could walk in my ... i'm not an infj , but i'll take a whack at it . please correct me if i am wrong ! to find someone who will actually listen to you for a change to find someone who understands you when you talk with ... play the piano / guitar / drums / sing for hours and hours and hours and hours ... literally ! http://gifs.gifbin.com/1237977351_how-to-commit-suicide.gif - working really hard on a special project and being under appreciated for my effort when it's finally completed - being continuously neglected by the one person that i love - being unable to ... i never really stopped the self-mutilation . but i don't do it as frequently as i used to and i'm very careful about it . i tried overdosing once , but it just made me feel like shit , so i prefer ... ok . i didn't read the entire thread , so this may seem a little out of context but i just wanted share my story . maybe you'll get something useful out of it . maybe you won't ... i grew up in an ... what ? i seem to be lost with your logic ... : confused : ugh , lucky you . i wish i was as straightforward in social situations as you are . thank you for your input but i cannot ... here's another one : every time i look in the mirror and then look away at something and back to the mirror again , i feel like there's going to be someone else's reflection next to or in place of mine . ok . so there are a lot of weird things that i'm afraid of . i'll give you a few examples ... - every time i put something in the microwave or oven i have this eerie feeling that it's going to ... ok . i'm stumped . i went to do some shopping today and encountered a complete stranger that i was dying to compliment but i just didn't know how , so i didn't say anything and walked away like a ... luckily for you my songs have no lyrics . they're purely instrumental . ;) what ? i'm sorry . can you elaborate on that a little more ? to me , ' small moments of vulnerability ' seems a bit cruel ... when you say eye contact , do you mean a simple glance here and there for a few brief , almost unnoticeable seconds , or like a deep intense stare ... the kind that's long enough for having an entire ... writing songs ... check . : wink : i've written three so far ... but i've yet to muster enough confidence to present them . : unsure : last sent : ni hao ! ni zhoumo xinqiliu er dian ban mang bu mang ? ni xiang qu women de tongxue bu ruisi de jia wei xue zhongwen ? ta mama qing women chi wanfan . last received : tai hao le ! wo ... dear reader , i wish i was an infj . i would give anything to be an infj for a day . is it wrong to hate who you are ? everyone says yes , but i ask why ? to that no on can provide me with a sufficient ... i've written 27 letters so far , but i will try to keep that in mind every time i write another one . :) ok . just curious here . what are some things that people do or that you wish people did that melt your heart ( in a good way ) and take your breath away ? correct me if i'm wrong , but i don't imagine ... ok . how about ' xiong mao ' ? edit : treebob thank you good sir ! :p roud : talk with their eyes and actually understand me when i talk back ... : unsure : dear namechanger , i would greatly appreciate it if you could change my username to panda at your earliest convenience . thank you for your time . - me trust no one but yourself ... nike ;) i mean no disrespect to others , but i'd like to keep these details to myself . it's a touchy subject for me . that's deep . that is very , very deep . i just wanted to thank everyone for being brave enough to contribute to my thread . i also want to shout out to all those people who reached out to me via pms . thank you for sharing your experiences ... please forgive my ignorance as i am not familiar with the jargon of cottonwooling . this sounds like a big misunderstanding . i am all for showing kids that the world is dangerous . that's what i ... http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcT9Da38suPQrqaFkZxLWwzWxKEnIKGuvgrfB9m-xyWJribjAn8tzQ i'm not going to directly comment on the spanking subject , but i do believe that children should be raised with fear . it sounds awful , but fear keeps you safe , teaches you right from wrong , and helps ... my cousin committed suicide . but i didn't really know him , so it didn't really affect me . once again , my family gave me shit for being so heartless at his funeral . :d ry : i never jumped in front ... it seems like misery is a side effect of being human . : rolleyes : http://i1066.photobucket.com/albums/u404/Picture_Pocket/TeddyBearQuote.jpg?t=1345441086 noelleshanice wow . i've never heard of ptsd from a parent's experience . that's awful . it's scary how vivid your imagination can become . my mother always told me stories of how she and her family were ... my father tried to kill me ... so i guess we're even there . hooray for the living dead ! : crazy : ugh , compliments . that doesn't compute . brain malfunctioning . : frustrating : sea way to defeat the purpose of this thread . :d ry : i don't think it's edgy at all . i feel the exact same way . i used to take up self defense classes when i was younger . this is something that i've definitely been dying to get back into ... oh , you mean the fire extinguisher that looks like a thumbs up under the invisible sink , next to a sign that says thank . hmm ... i wonder what language that is that means fire extinguisher ... ningsta kitty ugh , therapy . been there . done that . multiple times . it just makes everything worse . :d ry : telepathy , on the other hand , is fascinating . : crazy : me too . but it will . my ni is convinced ... and my great friend already abandoned me . i'm not very superstitious either , but i do feel cursed . i'm a tragedy magnet and my career is centered around ... i haven't been raped yet . but i know my time will come . i just hope i'm ready when it does . i have been sexually assaulted a number of times though . i think you're a very brave and loyal ... that sucks . i can't say i relate to this kind of experience yet . i have experience with murder though . my grandfather was murdered when i was 6 . but it didn't really affect me much . in fact , ... rofl ! all in the name of science ! : laughing : '