' nice to see another xstp pilot . i'm working on my commercial license right now . what are you thinking you want to do with it ? most on this thing are all screwed up and socially cracked . some have managed to push ahead and make a path , but most seem generally pissed with their lives . i suppose it is a relentless pursuit for ... mentoring for what ? someone older with more life experience ? how old are you ? i hate asking for help and avoid it at all costs , but am generally happy to help if i think i can genuinely help ... i'm an elementary school band director . i dread every day . i'm using it to put my self through civilian flight training . im hoping to be a certified flight instructor by september . i want music back ... exactly what i was thinking . last winter i started building a wooden boat model . i still haven't finished it , but i was fun as hell to work on . every now and then i add to it . and they're all wicked fat . i get this when i'm flying airplanes . especially when flying in instrument meteorological conditions . the intense focus makes the rest of the world melt away . it is like going deep down into the ... just start bashing everything . i tend to get escapism . i've had non-stop draining stress for 4 years in my teaching job . when i'm driving to work i get huge urges to keep driving past work and never come back or talk to anyone ... i work 777 hours a week to pay for flight training , so i don't have time to waste on that crap . i don't think there is anything worth my time on the idiotbox . i'd rather stare at the wall than ... i don't own a television . but , i have seen episodes of flying wild alaska and the aviators on the computer . they were pretty good . smash them . damn js ruin everything . i'm working on becoming a pilot . i've never found anything more enjoyable and more suited to my personality . the only good thing about teaching is that any other shitheaded job on earth is not only bearable , but delightful after you get out of teaching . this thread is making me more misanthropic . worst one yet . aviation is pretty awesome , but the market is abominable . i'm in my fourth year teaching . slowly dying . trying to become a pilot . why's you stop teaching ? where do these nfps come up with this junk ? fuck everything . lately , for me it is airplanes . maybe is my word of choice . i have found out the hard way that doing something for the practicality of getting paid is a terrible idea . don't get yourself stuck in something you don't want just for the sake of getting a pay ... oh i meant to add . the estj will probably love it if you as for help . they will have yet another pointless duty to fulfill . also , some possible differences in approach : i am guessing you are ... this will sound awful and i hate myself for writing it : it may be worth it to bite the bullet and ask them what you can do to change . i'd rather die . i'd rather tell them all to shit in their ... ahhh , the whirlwind . it is when i am at my best . blasting through new hobbies and experiences . it comes and goes and there is no knowing when or why . it just clicks . i'd also have to go with landscape art . i had to take two art history classes in college . i enjoyed the realistic type art the most . i liked the renaissance and baroque art the best . very accurate . i ... welp , it really is a tough decision . flying f - 18s would be rad as hell . but , would the radness be worth it ? either way you'd be building quality hours for a civilian career , unless you decided to ... did you have dreams of what you wanted be when you were a kid ? or what you would be like when you got older ? how far away did you end up from dreams ? i have been thinking a lot about my childhood ... an area designated for off-road vehicles only and on the opposite side of town an area where no vehicles of any kind are aloud and all sound is sucked into a silent vacuum so that there is complete ... no people , a lot of food , and an open machine shop . hahaha , guangdong . god i love the chinese language . i'm 25 . i've been out of college for 3 years . currently an elementary school band director . looking for an alternative career . possibly engineering or something similar . sick of being required to be ... i know there are some istp engineers on here and some have described their experiences with it in other threads . i am thinking of switching careers into engineering . either mechanical or electrical . ... here are the bigger obsessions i've had recently : 1 . collecting and refurbishing old hand tools . stanley hand planes in particular , but i almost have a fully functional unplugged workshop . 2 ... i just watched a movie called 180 ° south . i thought it was pretty damn good . i felt right at home watching that movie . i did not like the climbing leader that made them turn around , though . the two females are out of control isfj who should be imprisoned . girlfriends family . i stayed out of it as much as i could , but had to intervene at one point . at which point i was basically belittled by an old bitch . two psycho female attackers attacking another ... happened in a house between a family , but not mine . if you were to be involved in a tense situation involving emotional people ( women ) overreacting , dramatizing and resorting to physical violence and you had no option of just leaving and were forced ... jump down the emergency shoot with a stolen six pack of beer . anytime someone asks a stupid question and i make fun of it with my answer and they get pissed - ask a stupid question and you will get a stupid answer . now we're talking . i like your attitude . yup , still stuck and school starts again next week . after thinking about it . i would definitely be considered a hermit compared to most people . but , compared to how i have been at certain times in the past , i am less of a hermit at the time . mostly ... i had a few years of my life where i was a complete loner . even read a book called the loners manifesto . i ate every meal alone and sometimes went days without talking to anyone . it was also the ... aaahhhahahahahahaha . that was beautiful . i work closely with an old bag that i presume to be an enfj . she talks incessantly and is absolutely out to lunch . being around her for more than two seconds makes me want to rap a clarinet around ... i did construction work for a while . i was a mason tender . i would enjoy being the mason for a little while , but carrying rocks back and forth and mixing mud all day is not fun . also was a landscaper ... '