' i don't think you can blame male oppression for female intp problems . the relationship of the teen intp with her female peers probably shapes her personal characteristics more than anything else . celastrus : * * the pacific nw is very liberal , politically speaking , and the main religion seems to be about environmental concerns . the weather is fantastic in portland and seattle . i would ... screamofconscious : * * the study is published as a book that i purchased on amazon.com . the book is portraits of type : an mbti research compendium by avril thorne & harrison gough ( 1991 ) . i ... you are right , overall they are not characteristic of any single individual . the discriptions only apply to 30 intp females out of a group of 210 females of all types and represent those that were ... screamofconscious i doubt the interviewers knew the types of the individuals they were interviewing--that would be asking for biases to manifest themselves . the important thing to understand is that ... i think bias towards the intp females by the interviewers is minimal since the interviews took place at the univ . of calif . berkeley , a bastion of political correctness and feminism . the bias comes ... how do i move this thread to the article section ? : confused : observers descriptions most associated with the female infp type classification . from portraits of type * 1 ) thinks and associates to ideas in unusual ways ; has unconventional thought processes ... here are some statement and adjectives from the book portraits of type by thorne / gough . the interviews were done at univ . of calif . berkeley . * observers descriptions most associated with the ... can you explain what you mean by that ? : confused : i go in cycles with classical , 60 ' s + 70 ' s rock , jazz , blues . but mostly classical which i've been listening to since college . i should think that's true . since different cultures emphasize different things . my mbti manual is out of date but as i understand it the mbti has been translated to other languages however i don't ... to those who wish to know the results of a study on female intps go to the thread it would suck to be an intp female on page 25 and check out the post by peterk . : happy : there are different rules in society for men and women . it all depends on which rules are broken whether one recieves opprobrium or not . men and women have had stereotypical roles since the beginning ... yes the female traits seem more negative but i don't think sexism is a factor since the main author is female ( avril thorne ) . the infp male comes off worse in my estimation . but remember these traits ... the following characteristics were , on the average , observed in intp women . source : portraits of type : an mbti research compendium by thorne / gough ( 1991 ) . most characteristic 1 ) is basically ... in highschool i couldn't do word problems and in college i couldn't do proofs . i never gave up but i never got anywhere either ! i try to maintain my undergrad skills but i'll never reach graduate ... i wish i could get into philosophy but i find it really hard to concentrate when i'm reading it . any reading suggestions ? if somebody wants to self study a math subject go to cramster.com . they have complete solutions to many end of chapter exercises for various math books . just choose a book , get it , and your ready to ... i acually have a double major in math & physics , but my gpa was 2.0 ! and it took at least a 2.0 to graduate . so i got out of college by the skin of my teeth . it turns out i can read and under stand the ... i have a double major in math & physics . i took abstract algebra in 1970 but the professor was a professed communist and all he did was talk against the viet-nam war . he got fired and i didn't learn ... actually algebra is a vast subject . it's usually called abstract algebra or modern algebra on the titles of textbooks . unfortunately there are a lot of hard esoteric proofs . maybe you should look ... jung's typology in perspective by angelo spoto ( 1989 ) . gives a deep jungian point of view of typology and critiques the mbti . [ quote = happy ; 80123 ] i recently discovered this interesting article , written by breanne in her blog at the the mbti blog which has many information relating to the mbti . the following are the top 10 ... according to keirsey's temperment theory nt's all belong to one temperment but st's can belong to two - - the sj traditionalist or the sp experiencer . according to the the mbti manual ( 1985 ) p . 18 , the auxiliary , tertiary , and inferior are all extraverted in an introvert while in an extravert the auxiliary , tertiary , and inferior are all ... here are two sets of discriptions most associated with female intjs and intps . source : portraits of type : an mbti research compendium , by a.thorne & h.gough most characteristic of an intj female : ... that sounds like me when i was 18 . hang in there and try to do the best you can . it will get better ! think of yourself as socially handicapped so you have to try harder than an enfp with people . just ... source : mbti manual 1985 , p . 123 mbti preferences are associated with academic aptitude . the perceptive attitude ( p ) leads to more curiosity and wider interests . p types tend to score somewhat higher ... if there seems a flaw in the jungian system it is the mbti test and its extension of jung's typology . you can't make psychological statements about your mbti scores other than that you are one type ... some of the things you wrote seem a little obessive-compulsive--i'm not saying that you have ocd ! when you write about introverted thinking vs . exroverted thinking it could be in the context of being ... i can be an intj or intp when the situation demands it . in other words i can introvert thinking and be an intp or introvert intuition and be an intj . when i'm reading sci-fi or listening to music i ... don't take the tests so seriously they are all based on probability and statitics ! getting to be a type is not a life long procces , perfecting your type is . there is no truth to be had , only ... gnat , that was very informative . to me , having strong emotions makes me feel like i'm up in a high place watching a turbulent sea below me . i usually lay down and try to go to sleep . maybe i should ... : happy : learning really gives me positive emotions . i was pretty much a professional student for the 15 years i drove a cab how do you think it works : crying :( i can't seem to get rid of the face ) zygomorphic , emotions are at the bottom of everthing . even mathematical creativity ! i wish i could develop my introverted feeling but i have'nt a clue : crying : i think this is completly normal for an intp . it is for me anyway . : happy : infp's are truely one with their emotions because their feeling function is their dominant function . but for an intp this is impossible . being strong in your dominant and auxiliary functions is the ... my sister and i are intp's . this is what i read about intp females . 1 . is basically distrustful of people in general ; questions their motivations . 2 . keeps people at a distance ; avoids close ... i drove a cab while taking graduate courses in math & physics and after i dropped out i kept on driving for 15 years . it paid the bills and i could work or not work at my whim . : frustrating : - it was a ... is a mathematical theory of the mind possible ? and as an infx would scream - what about emotions ? maybe emotions are organized by mathematics and that's where mathematics comes from . : confused : i like ancient chinese history probably because i study ancient chinese ( classical chinese ) . when i took the sat's i did history as a lark and my score was higher than any of the others . mathematics is freedom ! everything runs on mathematics , even emotions . where do you think mathematics comes from ? the mathematician , in the act of creativity , projects emotional content into ... jack vance is my all time favorite sci-fi writer . he writes in a high literary style . when describing action scenes he is very dry and at times bizzare . he is a 50-60- 70 ' s writer for the most part so ... bluntress glad you could make it here . check out the social forums . we need all the intp's we can get here . : happy : i drove a cab for 15 years and developed major depression . i had to leave and became unemployable . i should have been in the basement of a university in the middle of the night doing research . you should try to teach yourself classical chinese ( circa 300bc ) . it is so frustrating but intellecually satisfying . according to the mbti manual 1985 page 18 a true intp has dominant t introverted but the auxiliary n , the tertiary s , and the inferior f are all extraverted . sometimes in extreme introverts both the ... peterk is an intp / 5w6 . i've developed a strong j preference over the years but my f and e scores are pitifully low . i've noticed that quite a few intp's are 5 ' s '