' i actually think gibbs is more infp . i'm entp , but because i was in the military i became extremely organized . if someone didn't know me , but saw me irl , i can come off as an intj . gibbs has his ... i liked anything with meg ryan . :) i enjoy romantic movies ... usually ... when i actually watch them , but i don't go out of my way to watch them . it looks like this thread has died down . i really appreciate everyone's help . for any who are interested , here's what i've considered . when i took my first mbti test , i tested as an intj . it was ... i think that's accurate . i was thinking how to test this . i almost think if i were fe i'd care more about other's following my code . there is certainly a level kindness ( etc . ) than everyone should ... i don't mind at all . i went from roman catholic to eastern orthodox . to an outsider ( not to imply you are ) it likely looks like two sides of the same coin , but i would argue they're not ( any more ) ... i have a fear of authority--an uncomfortable fear . i think it is likely due to my upbringing . but i will say through much of my life , though i was not a rule breaker , i was certainly a questioner of ... of course laying on the couch watching tv is always a decent option . but my favorite way is to light a candle , turn off the lights , make some peppermint tea , listen to some relaxing music and read ... i always feel dirty after making a decision based on emotion . even if i make the wrong choice , i tend to feel better if i keep my emotions out of the decision making . great question . it is ... here are my results from celebrity types functions test . i tried to be as honest as possible . unfortunately , i know the tests too well . it's difficult to take them truly objectively . no . i don't think so . it's hard to imagine a scenario where i'd need to . i mean i would fight for my loved ones , but murder is out of the question . devastated . if i did something so brutal , ... it's a struggle . but when i can look back on a moment when i was able to follow it , i feel good . yes it does . i've always sort of felt that i was of two worlds . i am a spiritual creative ... i was hoping i didn't have to say . i'm worried it may taint everyone's typing . :) i'm not sure where the protecting comes from . i guess my understanding of chivalry , what it means to be a man , etc . the virtues are important to me . the worlds greatest generation are heroes to me ... introvert . i change my avatar a lot , but i generally pick a hero of some sort . in this case i chose a knight . the knight ( or archetypal superhero ) represents to me inner strength . it's about doing what's right ... what are your stances on rules and regulations ? i try to abide by them . most laws are just . i consider myself a rule follower . i believe laws should be made and enforced as small and as local as ... thank you very much , jeremy 8419 . do you smile a lot in public ? i don't think so . i give the courteous smile / nod when passing someone , but i likely generally look pretty serious . how do you ... i have spent a lot of time learning mbti but i can't figure myself out for the life of me . as soon as i seem to settle on a type , i begin to doubt it . i'm asking on the infj forum because i ... lol now i see . probably not . : happy : what wording is it that bothers them do you think ? is it the religiousness ? that sounds about right . i relate most to : person number five , you probably have the motivational gift of exhortation . i asked this question on the intp forum , but didn't receive a response . could it be because it is a religious personality test ? ;) have you ever heard of the 7 motivational gifts ? which do you ... have you ever heard of the 7 motivational gifts ? which do you identify with most ? what is your motivational spiritual gift ? | institute in basic life principles thank you . :) i'm a huge fan . in fact , his intp book was one of the first clues i had that i might actually be an intp . great article . thank you for sharing . actually , the door is open for infp for me as well ... what are some of your earliest stand out memories ? any memories that seem almost like milestones or bookmarks ? not because of what they are of necessarily , but just the clarity or consistent place ... lol it doesn't bother me . at work , i feel obligated to stay on topic and to keep others on topic , but in real life , i enjoy discussions regardless of which trails they run down . : happy : mine range from 5 to 16 with 2-3 years in between . i've considered their types , but i haven't been working too conclusion . i figure i should figure myself out first . but , i do have some ... thank you for sharing , lysana . i'm a 39 year old father of 5 so please don't worry . :) i almost think having kids early ( and often ) can delay our self discovery . not that it's bad . we get so ... this is great . :) i have a coloring story to juxtapose against this . i colored a two page spread of some scene ( i can't remember what it was ) but i do remember that i colored the whole thing in ... exactly . this is almost opposite for me . math is a great example . i couldn't memorize my times tables for the life of me , but i could always figure out complex math problems . i would just have to do ... this definitely sounds like si / ne to me . very helpful . thank you for sharing . i'm still fighting the internal battle with myself whether i'm isfj or intp , but here are my thoughts on what you ... many of these points in the link sound very familiar , but some i just don't relate to . for example , i had an early aptitude for color and etc . and felt uneasy in new surroundings , but i was never the ... i'm hoping to get your help with an answer to a question i haven't been able to find anywhere . can you think back on your elementary school years and recall what your si felt like ... or how you ... i think mine causes me to constantly doubt anything and everything i try to decide about or for my self . i think it's also responsible for my clownlike defense mechanisms . this quote comes to mind ... lol yes ! generally white or ambient noise helps me like a fan . if i'm trying to come up with ideas or something more creative , music is helpful . when programming , i like music without words ( e . g . movie ... i generally have a hard time getting my thoughts out verbally in a way that people understand . i tend to bounce around , back track , re-state , etc . it can be tough for others to follow me . as far ... a if i was interested , but cs otherwise . i waited to the last minute to do everything and often failed to even do it then . but if it was a class or subject i was interested in i did really well . my trade is software development , but most of my interests ( read obsessions ) outside of work are in the humanities . i do feel i need to create as well . geography sense of direction spelling never a journal in the traditional sense , but i document a lot . in highschool i kept notebooks that i'd fill with ideas , quotes , drawings , theories , designs , etc . today , i keep to google docs , but i ... definitely . i have many cobweb covered hobbies , interests , incomplete projects , etc . okay , now i feel better . all of the above sounds very familiar to me . i obsess and learn a great deal about something , but it's not , as some descriptions explain , for the sake of becoming an ... exactly . i personally don't feel like i'm an expert on anything , but i do have a pretty wide range of knowledge as a result of my curiosity . i'll get caught up in some thing and obsess over it ... i've often read descriptions of intps stating they favor a depth of knowledge over a breadth of knowledge . does this ring true for you ? which type is more likely to have a breadth of knowledge ? :) yeah everything you wrote sounds just like me . i spend a great deal of time trying to figure out who i am . it's made me think i might be an enneagram type 4 . i've been thinking about this statement the past few days . this might be the key . i've always assumed that my ne was aux because of how strong it was , but i don't think i really considered if it was ... '