' wintercearig : entry #57 : nightline it's been a long time since i've posted anything here , and the first thing i want to do now is to ask what your thoughts are on the thing i made . it's a little ... hi dad poo-tee-weet ? life sucks , not in the bad life is so unfair way , but in the life feels so good it's like it's giving me a blowjob way . - weirdraptor 28 what the fuck am i thinking ? ! i can relate to your situation . i feel the same way about being an infp . the disconnect with almost everything ... * sigh * good luck on your journey . travel with caution and remember that being an ... everything feels so surreal . hmph . must be all the coffee i drank . i have very mixed feelings about norwegian wood because it's directly related to a strong and painful memory . damn murakami . if i were to pick the songs closest to me , then ... no surprises , karma police , fake plastic trees , exit music , creep , and how to disappear completely . 357490 defying the bleakness i did this with opeth tunes playing in my room . lol the feel probably came from listening to demon of the fall on repeat . weirdraptor used greet . oh sure . the one i know would always recommend me some really awesome anime ( i got tokyo ghoul and psycho-pass from her recently ) when i'm down and we get each other's jokes and behavior when no one ... why does mommy have scars ? the child asked . oh , those are her old boo-boos ! her father replied with a smile . he then proceeded to treat her scraped knee , gently damping the alcohol . ow ! hm ? ... suicide ... my negative side is pretty easy to trigger . i get tired easily . sometimes , it's because i'm too aware of what's happening . that's when it kicks in . the shame of being like ... this . of ... warning ! uber-corny joke incoming ! how about an avatar infp ? master of all four elements ? lol btw , thanks for the hybrid types . smoke it is . i'm empathetic and i'm not insensitive . i put all my negative feelings into something meaningful ( and consequently depressing ) creative works and i'm not even sharing the biggest downers i wrote . i ... well that's new . haha . so i wrote a song in about 30 minutes for english class ( theme : how do you want to be remembered ? ) and i decided that since i can write a simplistic song better than essays , technical guitar lines , ... for all these wishes to come true . additionally , i want to make it in the art / music scene someday . this is the hardest goodbye there ever was for you mourn for all but the martyr i found the hopelessx 92 noose tied to my neck suspended in silence hanging from the skyx 92s ceiling this need to ... tubero : the only filipino band i know of who are just as hilarious , immature , noisy and offensive as anal cunt . kain tae kain lugaw ( eat shit , eat gooey rice ) infp is a bit too far behind in virgo , so nah . i still think astrology's hokum , but it's still cool when it suddenly gives you something pretty accurate . but they rarely are in my case . your mom is awesome . wish i could get mine to at least stop dismissing all metal as noise . see ? you're safe . nobody's going to throw you in the center of a pit when the peeps are chill . glad you ... if everybody's making fun of you , you're headed in the right direction . if you think about it , the forever isn't real bullshit of broken-hearted people isn't really true . change is permanent . change is fucking forever . there's your forever . maybe not your fairy tale ... we were meant to be imperfect . if coffee was alcohol , i wouldn't be typing here . i'd be in the hospital with an artificial kidney and a spoiled liver . ^ oh my god wut haha lol as a guy , you kind of remind me of my intp ex . your reasons are very similar . situation is similar . i'll try not to think of you that way . i don't speak for all infps , especially female infps , ... your reflection starts to contemplate existence on its own free will . : laughing : 328786 antithesis . i don't know how but i managed this in only 25 fucking minutes . damn . what the hell have i done ? this creeps me out . not to mention i'm the figure here . what the hell was i ... 328762 i'm more of a hopeless romantic . i am also fully aware that it's awfully hard , if not impossible , to have the fantasy match the reality of it all . but as far as romantic goes , i guess my ... hotaru impressive . congratulations ! keep postin ' ! wow . that's some great stuff you have there . really ambient . good use of effects , too . the progression is beautiful yet still has a grounded feeling ... i like the unpolished feel and the creative use ... don't feel bad about posting your drawings . we all get a little rusty at times . and you don't suck , but more practice , i guess . :) the big-eyed girl is pretty sweet , though . 324265 shedding crimson i hate how my camera is of shitty quality . haha . no scanners in sight . what a shame . i knew about sex for as long as i could remember . i can't really remember how , but i was sure back then that babies came from that act . maybe because i've seen two dogs humpin ' and i asked my ... ardcore , metal , soft , creative , melancholic uhm ... no . not for this infp . my hell would be when everything i love would be taken from me and i will never get a chance to see and feel them again . 1 . ) won a science quiz bee , 4th grade . f * ck * ng owned 6th and 5th graders . 2 . ) won a poster-making contest with a rushed piece that somehow managed to climb to the top . :') 3 . ) learned how to ... i could go with fortune telling if there wasn't a voice in the back of my head telling me it's complete frigging hokum . i also struggled between intp and infp . until this day , i think that i'm some kind of hybrid between the two . but ultimately , i decided to go with infp because my functions matched it . math ... i get offended when people prank me for fun even though i make it perfectly clear that i don't want to . also , i can laugh off insults and very negative comments easily , but boy , are some people ... i posted this in a different thread , but i think it would fit in here quite nicely . - - - shedding crimson a miasma of misery bathed in the fading light of the sun reminds me of the souls ... welcome , itsmecat . no need to worry . i've been through that before i signed up for perc . haha . intp , infj , intj , infp ... lol take your time . there's usually someone who can explain those ... i'd rather say i make art than outright call myself an artist . although by definition , anyone who dedicates their time to creative works and / or self-expression is an artist . but yes , it is a wonder ... people do say that i have high standards , too hard on myself , and nothing ever seems to fit my ideals . but since most of the criticism from other people are usually harsher than what is actually ... ruin dilapidated human skin blankets a world in ruin flash floods stream from my eyes drifting away from the arms of certainty everything drowns beneath and i gaze with wrecked hope the ... shedding crimson a miasma of misery bathed in the fading light of the sun reminds me of the souls that refused to listen to the scars i keep underneath my skin and flesh and , as if god is ... in you , i rust devastated is an understatement for what you did to me change is forever just like you bittersweet you gave me this your blade did this to me '