' her behavior already seems shady , and he seems to be encouraging that . if you were to encourage them to cheat on her current boyfriend , at best he's gained a cheater . not a wonderful prize imo . if ... intj female here and the only way i could justify such a response from her is if there is something my internet friends knew that i absolutely didn't want you to . which , in and of itself , is pretty ... it reads a little rougher than i intended . i hope you don't let that ruin the message . i'm sorry you both are in such a tough emotional spot . incompatibility can be the hardest thing to let a person ... i would fit your theory closely . i have an infj sister . i turned out an intj . my father is an istp , but my mother's schedule allowed her to be the main disciplinarian . great heart , but an ... give the poor guy a break and respect his wishes . if you truly cared about him , you wouldn't pursue this . he's made it very clear that he wants kids , and you've made it clear you don't . why would you ... one of my favorite traits from my istj is his ability to do impossibly hard things . he's socially shy , but made it a goal to improve on that . then he broke it down into tiny steps , set those steps up ... please do keep us updated . hoping for the best for you ! just remember that making the hard and painful choices right now will pay off in the long run . asdfe 12 , thank you for considering my post . i respect the fact that you might not be in an emotional place to consider it , but i hope you are soon . you seem incredibly intelligent and kind . i'd ... i'm sorry , but what you did ( stand up for your unmet needs ) did not justify his behavior or treatment of you since then . even if you guys did manage to get back together , do you really want to be ... i doubt you'll get many other intj females to respond here . we're not really impressed by fake shows of eccentricity to gain attention . your best bet is if someone actually seems to need real ... as an infp maybe it would be easier for you to focus on your future good boyfriend that you are making wait for every second you waste on this other guy who clearly doesn't care for your feelings / ie ... i've always thought entps were an excellent fit for an intj . however , although i easily crush on them , i don't know that i would seriously take the plunge and ever date one . the ones i've met and ... relationships can be so much easier than this . don't chase after a bad fit . there are wayyy too many better ones out there for you . and the longer you allow yourself and your time to be taken up ... lol , i can't argue with that logic . thank you all for taking the time to reply . i have to wonder ... do you think it has a large part to do with our naturally , serious nature ? and if so , why would others see a serious person as ... looks to me like you have social needs that you're not addressing . i know ; they're annoying , but they have to be managed and dealt with . it sounds like you're in depression at the moment - possibly ... we've all heard it before , and most of us have lived it . why do people constantly say they find us intimidating ? i can't fathom what it is that is so scary about us . i can be minding my own ... from my best understanding , it's really hard to say if an intp , intj , or istj would commonly do flings . it heavily depends on if it conflicts with their personal , moral ideals . that said , i think ... i'm not a guy , so i'm not sure if my opinion is what you're looking for , but after reading your initial post , i have to mention that he sounds and acts a whole lot like my istj bf , for what it's ... mine seems a hair bit too scared of me to make me mad , lol . i see a lot of cautious moments where i can tell he's trying to decided the wisest response to whatever's going on right then . i know he's ... tssk , tssk . if this was a proper room , i'd ignore your existence so hard that you'd start to doubt it yourself . at least until i saw the behavior i desired . then i'd reward you with the most intense ... lol , now that , is just truly evil . and messy . why must the messes be left behind in our area ? ! ? ! this has become such a weird thread . honestly , i should expect nothing less from something an entp has started and stirred . : laughing : never before have i seen ( in our subforms ) so many pointless , ... this thread bums me out . i've always felt that entps are an excellent match for my intj-self . but , to be fair , the right one has never came along at the right time for me to test out a long term ... i did . you have to watch those infjs : shocked : i frequently forget to eat . i realize i haven't been drinking enough water when i start to get dehydration signs and wonder why . i only exercise when i want to look good . i think it's safe to ... honestly , as a 30 yo man that is employed , unmarried with no kids , you kinda have it made . you say you're not ugly , so that's a bonus as well . inexperience isn't that big of a deal . it only takes ... relationships are the only aspect i'd call intjs a walking disaster . so with that in mind , we're all our own unique brand of drowning and doggy-paddling . we eventually develop coping mechanisms and ... first , i feel incredibly stupid . mostly mad at myself for allowing it and not seeing it coming . then i totally write the person off . i'm not mad , not really . disappointed , sure , but i mean , they saw ... this is such a hard question to answer and even tougher without feeling like a hypocrite . it makes sense to me that an entp would be my ideal match . it also makes sense that a fellow intuitive would ... historically , i've been known to be quite loyal / protective of my close family , friends and significant other . most people won't unfairly criticize them in front of me because they know they are going ... if completely drunk - i want to listen to loud , upbeat music . i want to dance for hours . i want to go out and do something , something spontaneous and crazy . i say almost everything i think , and ... no where in this thread were most intj women called damage cases . it's possible that you are older than me . it's also possible that you're bringing in a lot of personal baggage where none of it even ... lol , maybe i am . : cool : that's a really interesting observation though . one i hadn't thought of . it makes sense if you really think about it . dealing with a shitty person for the good of everyone ... this is something i try not to do often . there's rarely a good enough situation that calls for destroying another person emotionally . every once in awhile , i find myself having to put someone in ... in control of their feelings is what is specifically being talked about here . go on the intj forums . post how you don't mind men with little to no control over their feelings and how it's of little ... perhaps this is one reason i find intps so fascinating . it's rare that i'm the one being read like a book and not just the other way around . that should freak me out , as it does most people , but ... haha , yea ... i'm easily drawn to enfps . but those relationships have always died out quickly for me . i haven't tried one in a very long time because of that . they tended to be the messy , emotionally ... you must come off as incredibly trustworthy , or i don't think you'd see so much of your intj friends ' emotions . that's not an easy task . clearly , you do spend a lot of time with them . i find it ... this is very interesting . would you mind elaborating on the emotional instability you speak of ? i would have to agree that as an intj female , i find myself rather emotionally intense . although , i ... intps are some of my favorite people . i do collect them when given the chance . although , in fair disclosure , some of them are too weird even for me . i've never paid much attention to istjs until the one i am seeing now . which , of course , is why i'm here . :-) i thought my perfect match would obviously be a fellow intuitive ( who knows , maybe it is , ... dear istj , thank you for being your predictable , dependable , honest self . i don't know what i would do without you . actually , i do , and it would include a lot less gym time and way more ... ! ! ! i thought i was the only one who did this . i've tried with excitement to talk my friends and family into it as well ( to no avail ) . socks are cheap , and i have way better things to do than waste ... my worst conflicts are with isfjs . they are one of the few types that even when i try i struggle to get along with . the vapid small talk . the completely different interests in what's going on around ... exactly what i was thinking . first of all , i have never really had an issue saying no . if , for some reason , i did - it would be for the first time only , not twice on the same subject . and it ... what do i think of enfp's ? trouble . of the delicious type . only thing better on average is the right sort of entp . just as much charisma , attraction , but half of the emotional heaviness . if i understand what went wrong and the why's and how's of it , i recover from heartbreak quite quickly . we're talking almost instant . it just makes sense to me . if we're incompatible and finished , i ... intjs are the epitome of pragmatic . settling is nothing , if not pragmatic . it may not sound pretty , but that doesn't make it incorrect . the choice to settle or not with a romantic partner has ... settling for a safe option doesn't necessarily mean settling simply to be in a relationship . a safe option might be someone who is responsible and pragmatic while not all that exciting or socially ... '