' reposting this bit because it is so incredibly vital if you're actually interested in resolving things with him . boiled down to basics : he expressed a bad feeling , and you are reacting negatively ... ? ? ? this is a prime example of why enfps seem to always think we're in love with them ... i would totally do this for a casual friend . the information is addictive . ( plus i'm not good at ordinary methods ... { delete } last day of writing class . my outline was a mess and i lost half of my work cited page , but if i pass i will be so grateful . i never thought i'd say that phrase , but the past month has been killing ... is there any effing way we can get a quiz that doesn't rely on 1-5 scale personal assessment . because like for example while i do take responsibility for the way my actions may make others feel , ... omg i thought i was the only one . i have realized that slowing down a little bit does help you seem more attention-worthy , although ironically the reason i started talking faster was so that i ... ... your reading list looks like this 277273 5 ' 6 and 145 lb ( highest weight ever , darn you desk job . ) just got gym membership tho so i expect to be back to my usual 130 soon . short blond hair , reading glasses . not sure how useful this kind of ... frakkin perceivers . do you want to leave for the beach in the morning or the afternoon ? i dunno man you are making this really complicated maybe we should just do it another time . frakking ... i get along with them on a surface level . that's what they do best - be entertaining and likable to all . haven't been successful at actual friendship though . honor , passion . passion keeps you going , honor keeps you going in the right direction . nope . is this actually going to lead to results ? cause there are several that i think are a waste of space . intj field guide : i guess some people need this . > intj sterotypes : useless . it's the same ... my personal theory is that people just become an exaggerated version of themselves when buzzed ( with slower reflexes , granted ) . if someone has a dramatic change after drinking , i avoid them because it ... i know i didn't need this , but it tickles my fi . ☺ ️ here's to a good weekend knowing that the world is not entirely cuckoo . gender : f hair color : dark blonde hair style : short bob eye shape : almond eye color : green glasses : y personal style / manner of dress : favorite color : green makeup ? : a little . mainly to avoid ... this video appears to be by two dudes from adult swim . i don't know a lot about adult swim but i'm gonna assume marijuana is legal there . 113658 regardless , some people don't like the pressure of being set up . maybe they are shy , maybe they are really busy and don't think they have time for dating , whatever . it's doesn't matter , they are a ... there was a volunteer organization in my neighborhood asking for volunteers to help with a new building project and i got all excited cause it sounded really awesome , so i asked for an application ... if you don't know the other person already , how can you request a referral ? unless it's like a facebook kinda thing where you just saw a picture ... shallow much ? anywho , ( # 1 ) being protective of your ... kickboxing and mat class 3-6 days a week , planning on getting into something like pilates / yoga soon . i have some issues with adrenal fatigue , ptsd , and possibly anemia / some other medical ... when you consider going a day or two without eating because you used up your social energy earlier in the week and don't want to go shopping . dunno , this would work pretty well on me . i don't really party unless there is a reason , like someone i'm interested in or an obligation . i don't like being interrupted at the bookstore , ... psychopaths can seem charming at first , but if i can make an informed decision i'll take the comfort and understanding . this makes me lol , because it's so true . i'm religious but it's pretty obvious that religion , along with fashion and everything else will go through fads in the mainstream , while the people that ... oh god , that made me nauseous . i'd pull my genie act and disappear before you'd even finished asking me out . when you lose all faith in a how-to video and turn it off just because it spent the first 10 seconds talking about how this is a world class expert who will tell you exactly everything you need to ... my first earned nickname outside of family was kitty , after i punched a girl for throwing chalk in my face and accidently scratched her . watch your claws , kittycat ! i had a sharp temper as a ... nah . do we often appear as cold as people make us up to be ? yes . but that appearance is caused by many things , most of which are not due to coldness of character or psychopathic tendencies . we're ... saw this thread a while ago and just had a thought about it today . the most common place for me to be seen outside of work and other specific on-a-mission activities is the coffee shop next to my ... why is it better to have a simple , straightforward conversation rather than a big ol party time intervention ? let me break it down the number of people issue ( s ): 1 . with more than one or two ... 1 & 1.5 do you ever ship characters / items / substances in fictional media ? frequently ? not very frequently at all , it has to work on pretty much every level for me to ship . raven and beastboy is my ... get out of my face , i have real problems to deal with again in its just a cop out . we all have real problems , if you didn't want to discuss this , then why are you participating in this ... take a chill pill or other cop-out response that tries to put the blame onto me being an ass . funny , my first thought was of sherlock and mythbusters also . i like benedict's sherlock but jeremy brett will always be my favorite . my bestest friend and i met in a study group . i was 13 and she was 18 . one day she walked in and i noticed a dark inky splotch on her arm . it puzzled me . after a few minutes in reconnaissance ... i hate it when i make a sarcastic joke that is so advanced that people around me actually think i'm stupid . or when i tell someone to do a thing a certain way , they say no , they've got it figured ... ^ ^ this . when you are trying to encourage people to be more loving , and you accidentally start a war instead . oh snap and zing ! 10 , further testing required . the bunny and turtle don't do it for me , i tried , i really did . they evoked more a feeling of curiosity than cuteness . i stared at the turtle pic for a minute wondering if it was actually an optical ... yes , yes , you should shrink away before it's too late . i haven't seen a shut-down storm like this since last time i meandered over to bug the istjs ( i still think it was a good idea , you lurkers ... ) 73132 he drank a whole pint in about 3 minutes . that's almost a dozen cups of coffee , or maybe a half dozen if you are in the habit of just eating a cup of beans in the morning . i noticed a thread about things that insult enfps ( bear with me here , don't run away ! ) and noticed something that i recognized from my own friendship with an enfp . i know he's very talented when it ... must ... resist ... pointless derailment to discuss specific texts since it doesn't have to do with the op question ... thanks for proving my point about taking things out of context though :) did you ... sarcasm / irony ? no . '