' no worries . i'm only joking :) was debating to go with something along the lines of not having access to google out on the island ( once i understood the reference ) . probably would have been the ... even wilson won't hangout with me unless i pay him :( where can i find one of these wilson's ? bump . i'm infj . mystic all the way . gonna be the 4th or so to recommend berserk here . also note the manga is more rich in detail and character development but if you aren't going to read it then be sure to start with the 1997 anime , ... 536738  5367 62 536770 in my experience i would say you don't . you can't . not truly . the job or duty to do so is his and his alone . you could do so many things to help but that doesn't mean they will help , what will be ... this thread was necro'd . coincidence ? i think not : cool : didn't read too much , agree with some points but overall i think the author is really butt hurt over something . so true . my brother rarely played any rts with me but i feel like he'd be able to pick it up quick and execute things easily but he'd have a harder time with the strategy bit . when we play chess ... i think i laughed more than i should have . i'm quite good at boffering ( padded weapons ) and running . i'm not so great with teamwork when it comes to fighting ( or any sport you can think of ) , maybe it's just that my allies always tend to be ... i've kept a journal since i was about 6 , and it went on and off for a few years . my teen years were when i just stopped , i tried a couple times but i just couldn't commit like i used to . maybe it's ... that escalated quickly . better is hard to define . doesn't it depend on your perspective ? overall i voted no . i have massive flaws and even if i fixed those i would still have other problems . i voted yes to the following ... if you had a limited amount of words to use in life , how would you apply them ? this is a terrifying prospect to me . a nightmare . a bad place . anyway i got the count of monte christo . i ... i don't ask for help . maybe i feel i shouldn't need help or i'm afraid to show weakness ( perceiving asking for help as weakness ) . even if i need help . i'm just stubborn about it and because of this ... osama bin laden . not sure how comfortable i am with this . i've been dealing with something similar . i can easily motivate myself if i am going after a goal for someone else . the goal could be anything , school , work , self improvement , etc . maybe it's ... this is actually me before i get sick . then it turns into i will be fine tomorrow . i tend to recover faster than anyone else in my family so placebo might just be working . heh . i tend to ... there isn't any quick and dirty answer . none that i know of that is . my thoughts are often about the human condition . lately i've pondered what are the boundaries of human ability . i began studying psychology so my ideas have been vastly expanding . on my last ... http://wallpapers.wallhaven.cc/wallpapers/full/wallhaven-94889.jpg people tell me things that i've told them in the past that i can't recall saying . and my current self is saying to my past self why did you say that ? ! my memory is terrible . it's not funny ... 70 % infj 10 % intj 7 % enfj 4 % infp 4 % isfj http://wallpapers.wallhaven.cc/wallpapers/full/wallhaven-11759.jpg which part of him exactly are you speaking of ? everyone has a little : ninja : in them . this deserves an oscar . http://i.imgur.com/wReHI.jpg http://smatterist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Famous-Quotes-Misattributed-0013.jpg http://smatterist.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Famous-Quotes-Misattributed-0010.jpg sorry if this last one ... that line has so much win . back on track with the op . i'm an optimist . so optimistic that people have bashed me for it , but it's okay . they'll come around ... http://diebenow.com/sites/default/files/Man-Flashes-Stay-In-School-Shirt-On-Playground.gif http://diebenow.com/sites/default/files/Man-Flashes-Stay-In-School-Shirt-On-Playground-2.gif i actually avoid them now . i could spin anything easily , not seriously believing , but that what if ? is rather entertaining . it was a huge waste of time , but you asked for it so ... : tongue : i'm ... i just have to say wow . that post is amazing . when an old lady asks what your shirt says and you suddenly remember your wearing a shirt with a statement ( an anti smoking one ) the whole time you've been going around doing stuff in public . then you ... i don't relate all that much . i felt something was just wrong with me most of my life . finding mbti set me on a positive path and i've never been happier . sometimes i may alienate myself but i ... first off , this is really confusing me but what the heck . overwear , because who needs underwear when you have pants ? i mean , uh , yes , i'm wearing underwear ... or is it wear and tear ? ... i've been thinking on this for awhile now . i don't know if these movies exemplify ni or not , but here they are . mr nobody : i felt a real connection to the part about choices . something along ... denied , no regret . keep in mind people don't actually know what they want in a partner , not really . without knowing , i'd want someone very different from what i am actually attracted to . i'd like to say i find ... i'm glad i'm not alone . though i would probably prefer enfj . i wouldn't change my type . i wanted to in early stages of discovery , i wasn't happy . i felt like i was dealt an unfair hand and was ... nooo . deer hunting season is bad enough . but wearing a shirt isn't blending in . seriously though , you'll find me in my room . on paths / trails , and of course , in the woods . i also like ... can't offer relationship advice but i do have some random thoughts . i can be critical of so many things , but i'm always watching how i express this , or if i should . a lot of the time people simply ... complete isolation . when you go to the bathroom for a quick use and then suddenly find yourself brushing your teeth because you went on auto pilot as your brain wandered . it's not even funny how detached i am from ... i'm 90 % sure i remember reading it . but maybe it was from the silly movie ? :d ry : i could see it being either way now . i'll be honest . i think i might have some weird brain disease . i seriously can't ... i've learned that people will forget what you said , people will forget what you did , but people will never forget how you made them feel . - maya angelou it's the feels , at least for me . all ... my gut has been wrong before , but i was also under stress so i can't be sure . i suppose things did go sideways , but in a very different sense . yes . such as when you're the bearer of bad news ... i feel like i should ask why , but there is no person who can answer that question to my satisfaction . sooo ... i have no idea . this is a cool thing to think about . somewhere along the line people assumed i don't like hugs , which is kinda annoying . i think a lot of it has to do with hugs being viewed as feminine . i prefer to hug people over a handshake , ... i have already been here . '