' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HDZMWTLojxM i know the guy singing in the first song i keep restarting it from the beginning when his song ends . his voice is angelic the only thing that scares me is centipedes / millipedes i rescue spiders and put them outside like if i get in the shower and turn around and there is a little ( or big ) spider there i'll turn off ... from what i've observed there are different types of enfps ones that like intjs and ones that don't . the ones that like intjs tend to ( from what i can tell ) be more level headed most of the time . ... i also thought about this when i learned that in psych . what if some of the less common personality types are more prone to certain disorders ? i'm almost entirely positive a study would yield ... i realize you said ' adults ' and i'm still 16 . but i can tell you that the biggest chasm my parents and i have is that they use i'm an adult and you are a child too often . they don't try to ... i have this bad habit of finding ' broken ' people . like , i'll find someone who just needs the little extra bit of encouragement or if they just did this one thing differently , they'd be happier . ... father - intj mother - estj sister - esfj brother - entj / p its awful : sad : i can't think of anyone i know who would rate me as anything less than a 10 . its probably because of my personality though . : confused : - posts picture - ... whew , i'm happy i wasn't the only one who thought this that some people really think i'm not mature at all or can't accept that just because i'm squeaky and joyful some of the time doesn't mean i'm like that all the time . hearing you'll be fine , ... thats generally how i see it going with enfps and intjs . i've noticed only a certain few enfps fall for intjs . i generally can't stand other enfps . i wonder if thats related .. i've got a self mutilation habit . i really wouldn't suggest that though . my iq as a child was 155 or so . math is easy for me . i don't enjoy science so much , but i can do it . and i consider myself extremely logical , probably due in part to my intj lovey . he's grown ... my mums an estj . i can't say much to help , because i usually just lie , or plug my earphones in and nod every now and then when she's going on and on . these two types just really don't get along ... i brought up a similar moral dilemma to an intp once . and he said something amazing to me , because it really pulled me out of my confusion and babbling he said does it really matter if your ... leo . and zodiac signs are a bunch of hogwash . it was upsetting when i found out about that . i usually have a really good reign on my emotions . but i'm diabetic , and when my blood sugar goes up i am unable to control them as well as i normally can . at that point i have the emotional ... top 5 characteristics - charismatic - extremely intelligent - sarcastic - twisted sense of humor ( to match mine ) - confidence in himself top 5 physical features - not shorter than me ( i'm ... yeh , but we can usually get away with it because people like us so much . : tongue : ahh . i should get the book . sucks i saw the movie first . : frustrating : but yesh , interesting .. yeh , same here . : confused : i've only got two in my family , though . sister and mother . i've got four intjs , one my female cousin around my age ( we're best of friends ) two infjs and two entjs . i'm not sure what draws me to them , but i get a serious thrill out of the evil-villian thing . hannibal lector is an excellent example of this . feels a little weird to be attracted to that , ... i think so . that sounds a lot like what i want to be . when i read that enfps were seen , by most other types , as unfocused erratic fluff balls , i was a bit upset . but this enfp behavior , the calm ... my sister is an esfj and acts just as pink described in a relationship . they like commitments to be kept . er .. i guess if something passive aggressive pops up , you've really gone over the deep end ... i love eating cold canned soup . and carnivorous plants . not to eat , i just like to raise them , etc . i think baby anything is adorable , including snakes . erm .. i'm uber kinky , which makes my ... my intj just cuddles me when i get emotional . he understands my frustration at not being able to express myself , and he never seem to have trouble understanding why i do something . i would never intentionally hurt an animal . i kinda have that elmira syndrome thing goin ' on . the only way i would actually hurt an animal would be from hugging it too hard . with people , ... well , i'm fine with who i am and what i'm doing . but , being aware of how other people perceive you ( and wanting to be accepted by all of them at same time ) can cause problems . i realize we won't ... this thought donned upon me while i was riding in the car with my entp / j brother a few days ago . is healthy enfp behavior really considered healthy by other people ? this sorta links back to my ... this is what i imagine iggy hazard acts like when he's not being enfp-ish this is why i'm worried about having children . what if i screw it up , or i can't be decisive enough for my children ? doesn't help that my intj doesn't even want kids . i mean , he's got the tj ... you have never once failed to make me giggle . ever . : tongue : my current intj boyfriend is a fiend . i absolutely love him for it . : laughing : they're asexual until you pique their interests . : wink : i can't really think of any exact villian . but ... i guess an extremely sexual intj ? most intjs i know are sexual , but they're sneaky with it . i thought you were referring to an enfp quirk that someone else sees as a disorder or perceives something being ' wrong ' with you . my esfj sister decided to attack me last night , coming at me with ... i'm the youngest of three . an older sister and brother . the brother is a year older than me and the sister is exactly 7 years and 7 days older than me . she's moving back in from college , and i ... most s types tend to see me as this goofy delightful loose frivolous and somewhat scatter-brained person . i say delightful because i've yet to meet anyone who didn't enjoy my company , but i know that ... i can definitely agree with the intj statement . i never found my self being an istj because of the s . never been big on sensing .. its probably an underdeveloped trait . i seem to always have to fidget with my hands . unless i'm excercising or tired . if i don't have this shred of satin ( that i carry everywhere ) to fiddle with then i go to mutilating myself . thats ... i think i mentioned before that my family is really unhealthy ... what makes a good intj , though ? tell me about it . uck . : confused : i'm starting to have this stereotype against j's because of them . in my opinion , they aren't very healthy types . my mother is an estj my sister is an esfj my brother is an entj and my dad is an ... mhmm . and i figured i'd have at least until 2pm the next day to get rid of the bodies , because my friend wanted to come over so i could do her prom makeup . i also was interested in the idea of if ... well , see , now that i'm feeling better i'm a bit embarrassed for making this thread . : confused : the second one was my favorite . those are adorable . and epic . very epic . that definitely fits me . short , full figured , long face with softer rounded edges . the flashing eyes / nice smile is also something i've been complimented on , before . musette vigée-lebrun known in some parts of the world as : leto of the cursed the great archives record : the cursed and the curser - bringing downfall and ill favour to kings and peasants alike ! i've been in the house for a week now . recently my sister moved back from college , and whenever i'm around her she snipes at me with a lot of passive aggressive-type stuff . i can't figure out what ... i get to sleep how i want now , so i'll just explain how that goes ... on days i head out to college i'll get up early ( 6am ) and stay awake till noon / 1:30 ( my classes ended at 10:30 ) then i'll take ... '