' i know that situation way too well . in all honesty i think you just got to be honest with her . in my personal experiences , i base a lot on my intuition hoping the person comes to me but not realizing ... anything with chocolate and involving gelato sounds scrumptious :D still though , my former crush is starting to notice me more ( i think ) so who knows maybe her leaving was a blessing in disguise after all . :P aww thank u , i'm actually bi or well i define myself that now since i have had crushes on guys in the past . i will say i am more attracted emotionally and physically to females though ;P so yea i ... thanks guys ! i really appreciate your responses . i called her , left a message saying i wanted to talk and left it at that . regardless , i was a lot calmer after that and let go of a lot of anxiety .. :P you're completely right . there's a fine line between friends and more than friends . once one person feels for the other , someone has to say something , or in general it's just hurtful ;( ... i think it's hard for me also not to develop infatuation when something is mutual when i like someone a little . since i haven't had any mutual experiences , it's completely easy for me to want that ... thanks guys , i think that's a good idea :) @ fatality - i'm actually bi but i loved ur comment anyhow :D hey everyone , i hope your night is going well . i'm so confused on what i should do and i really would love to hear your advice as i'm pretty new to dating ( especially girls ) and i want to be sure i ... i was just wondering about enfj's and their experience with dating ? i feel as an enfj i want to put too many expectations or emotions into the situation . do you ? : cool : helping someone with bpd is extremely hard . just be sure to help yourself before them , because it is truly easy to get caught up with their emotions . it's hard to be friends with them but i think the ... i just saw this video this youtuber posted . she's a frequent makeup and jewerly blogger and calls herself pursebuzz . once in a very long while she has vlogs that relate to real life advice . this ... i've heard the only way to survive in the word is to get tough especially in the work force . my mom worked in not the greatest neighborhoods at schools that were kind of poor that recruited a lot ... i am horrible at flirting on cue ! ! ! i always admire my enfp friends for their ability to just go for it ! i guess i flirt right when i start talking to them and try to see what they're interested in ... [ quote = kiwigrl ; 2772798 ] even just this morning i was sitting in my car , lost in thought about my current friendships and how genuine i think they might be . i have been let down a bit in the past few ... i like to speculate but i do it more in certain moments when something grandiose or inspiring happens . i think i questioned and contemplated a lot when i was younger in order to define myself and the ... soo true ! ! ! i always pride myself in going to a school that made me really culture savvy and being aware of differences . but really , when you're not familiar with the signals it can make it seem to ... i'm mainly 1/4 german ( possibly more b / c both my parents have german in them ) and 1/4 czech . the only thing i know about the german temperament is that germans are stereotypically passive ... this is incredibly awesome i love having a fun way to understand this b / c my rm told me the standard way and it wasn't as fun yay for creativity ! thank you so much for posting this ! :D yes they do have single housing and i'm definitely considering living alone for that reason which might happen but then a / g i don't think i'd mind it at least not the first yr . :D i'm moving to a new state for grad school and will know noone when i get there . most likely it'll be off - campus housing , but i've had bad room-mate situations in the past . since i'll no longer be ... i'm realizing the older i get the more i can't push my emotions away which also for now includes anxiety . although i still kinda suffer from anxiety , i'm trying to get in that habit that i can ... why are you asking the intp what he's doing ? shouldn't you know through your psychic powers ? today i was totally thinking of the scene in the hunger games when katniss takes a shower in the training center and pushes all these buttons in which all these different oils and soaps and shampoos ... i'm really bad at flirting , mostly b / c when i'm really attracted to someone i get scared and clam up :/ unless of course i consume alcohol mostly i have to be certain the person is interested before ... big huge hug http://momeee.com/wp-content/uploads/10..jpg omg thank you soo much for posting this ! ! ! but yea to answer your question i think your first guess was right that you might've told him that he should pay more since you did hit your head . but yea i ... * paris jetaime -> weird but really cute film ! * water lillies -> awesome coming of age film ! this may help : i also have fallen in the habit of procrastination ( like now ) . what really helps me though is trying to get myself in the habit of setting little realistic goals for myself which ... i used to have harder time with fear of intimacy but i think i'm finally growing out of it yet i can still sympathize because i always tend to feel like i'm gonna lose when i try to confront people ... i scored low on almost everything except histrionic which i got moderate , tks for sharing the quiz ! :D http://cdn.mdjunction.com/components/com_joomlaboard/uploaded/images/hugs05-446cc35671126ad37759657dddf7c764.jpg i agree with kc's post . i never have had a genetic urge to want to die but i ... we talk a lot about how our families are and in general what we think about psychological or cultural things . i think though talking with thinkers at least for me helps me in the sense that my ... i was thinking about this and wondered if it is just me : but do you ever feel like you want to get emotionally involved to make sure someone is ok even if you're not close with a person ? i was ... 1.how do you act around romantic interests ? in person ? usually kinda shy . i have to be confident enough that they might feel the same way because then it's easier for me to flirt without worrying ... i am called shy a lot by my family making me think that half the time i can act slightly introverted when i don't know how to act in a situation . i'm probably more patient than the average enfj . ... 1 . what brought you to personality cafe ? my istj rm introduced me to it . she posts more than me but as soon as i not only responded to others threads but posted some of my own i found i liked it ... on a beach . i love the ocean and being near sea breeze :D if you could bring one item with you to an island , what 2 items would you take and what 2 items would you leave behind ? how do i maintain my individuality : by trying to continue to do things i love while at the same time trying to make sure others are ok . sometimes i still try to balance this but for the most part , ... coming from a non - enfp perspective , a lot of my friends are introverts which is always funny because in the past all of my friends were extroverts and almost always enfps . ( haha ) .. i honestly like ... enfj and aquarius i'm definitely naturally protective and have been made fun of for it . it's a trait i like and don't like because it helps me show my caring side when i'm interested in someone yet at the same time it ... i don't think it absolutely matters . i'm an enfj but there are times when i can act very p when i want to go somewhere that weekend and i'm just like hey do you want to do this and well as not ... ahhh .. * hugs ! ! ! * as far as the identity crisis : i think i can partially relate to it . for a long time i thought i was an introvert or i wanted to challenge myself to be more spontaneous . my ... i'm soo picky . it's funny because i always tend to think i'm doing something wrong after a while too but really i try to look at the positives of it . i realize my brother and i are similar that way ... i think it's fun ! it helps you really learn to have a photographer's eye and get some great shots . for example , when i was taking pictures for class , i ran across this couple in which both the guy ... * you and your friend go on fb to type random people from photos because you both think it's fun ! * you start to type characters you watch on t . v . shows subconciously :D you want to be spontaneous but there's a little voice in the back of your head yelling at you for not getting as much as you planned done :D ( haha ) wohoo ! yay for blue eyes ! i'm going to a restaurant i've never been to for my bday :D hoping it's as good as the reviews say :D '