' i beat that by seeking out a housemate that worked away months at a time , and when he was home , he visited his mates after they finished work , so i was alone 80 % of the time :D oh i dont ... there's no sticky for you know you're an extrovert when anymore ... i often wonder if this is only an isfj thing , or perhaps other types have this issue as well ... maybe we aren't alone in this world ... unlike on perc , where we seem to be a minority , or perhaps thats ... scarygirl we're not all that bad :) very quirky in our own little way . more likely to ' open up ' and be fun and crazy with people we don't know over a resource such as the internet , there's no ... ok , so i recently found this band earlier this year , no one i know , knows who they are . i should make a point that i am from australia . anyway , i fell in love with their music , so moving , powerful , ... ok ... i have ariel singing part of my world in there ... and lots more , but really , am i going to copy and paste my whole playlist ! haha wow , finally other peopl who cant stand jacob . all the people i know who have read the books prefer jacob over edward , preferrably id rather a human , but jacob to me seems so boring . he doesnt seem ... awww . i really like them , but they never come all the way down to australia ... so oh well ... agree completely ... striver then achiever no idea . my friend just bought a bow tie , it suits her so much , its so cute similar to this stye http://www.brixpicks.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/11/bowtie2.jpg ok , ive gotten through 60pages ... getting tiring ... where are all the isfj posters ? ok , so we might not be as interesting as some other kinds , but surely someones done some ? have only seen a few ... http://i1038.photobucket.com/albums/a465/acey86/rings-10Large.png i have this , but in yellow gold - ceylon sapphire and diamond - my favourite stones ... welcome fellow isfj-er ! and fellow libran ! and fellow newbie : happy : enjoy the forums : laughing : and i forgot - fellow gen y-er no , i can't relate . i often think others are naive , but not myself , im usually up on things . completely true . won't utter hardly anything on a subject i dont know about / arent interested in , just a nod , smile , ' uh-huh ' style . something i know about , especially if people dont expect you to ... i sort of agree ... though not necessarily sure if its due to type or simply the person ... i always pick the ugliest animal etc , or the one with a problem , so i can take care of it and it will love ... sense of humor 82 % sense of fashion 69 % relationship intentions 88 % intellectual pursuits 39 % physical appearance 67 % financial situation 50 % hobbies and ... im terribly goofy when im surrounded by my close friends or family ... to the point where theyvre been queried before about my introvertedness and all gone ... her ? an introvert ? ! no way ... if im having ... hugs are nice , when theyre from people you know ... and arent creepy hugs . i like unsuspecting hugs . for example , a friend of mine , who ive been seeing more of lately ( just moved house , closer to ... i think that's it ! i like to live unnoticed , and hate being centre of attention or , person of ones attention ... perhaps this is why ill always be single ... i dont like people making me out to be ... happy made me smile :) we could all use a little love now couldn't we . i dont know if its me or my type , but id rather things that arent physical . quality time spent with special people in your ... hi , thought i would take the time to introduce myself . im a 24 yr old female from brissie , australia . don't know many people who use the mbti system , but learnt about it , and my type in my last ... i was wondering if other isfj's have a tendancy to feel awkwardness or embarrassment in general situations ? say : my phone rings in public i have to walk through a group of people alone ... agree with this post . i hate phones . i hate talking on them . i feel uncomfortable and totally agree with the awkward silence thing . i tend to think , perhaps over analyse , thigns that are said and ... i get misunderstood also ... i dont like the shape of my mouth ( weird , perhaps ? ) but when i smile with teeth , the corners of my mouth go outward , not upward , and looks kind of like a grimace . smiling ... thats fairly much me spot on ! i no longer sleep with a teddy ( 24yr old female ) but i got a puppy to replace it ... i can't sleep if she's still awake somewhere else in the house , always in and out of sleep wondering when she will ... i'm a building designer ... works for me :) theres structure but some area for learning and thinking outside the square . lots of deadlines . and most of the other people i work with seem to be ... '