' specifically . quantom mechanics . the theory genuinely excites and scares me . hi everyone , id like to share something today . its not really about any thing in particular , but an interesting thing ive learnt . well its about my first real smartphone which i bought about 14 ... i don't like tattoos or anything like that . but i've always had a desire to have only god will judge me ' tattooed at my back . i don't know if i want to be depressed . but i keep making conscious choices , which lead to loneliness and eventual depression . depression is a part of me i guess . unfortunately . the most painful memory of my life . my facebook account has been made by my friend ( by force ) , and my sis updates pictures . personally the whole idea seems a little pretentious . the pessimistic me would describe it as a , self ... from what you've described , the problem doesn't seem to be the personality type ; rather the person himself . intjs may have trouble expressing their emotions , but that doesn't mean they do not ... if its a good intj , you wont know . i think the majority of the intjs attempt to conceal their emotions , regarding people the like . for me its like i want or expect someone i like to make the ... saturdays ? well you must be quite depressed then :p student debts . :) . yes i have been accused of being an idealist . like to travel and having a care free existence . but that isnt too realistic , not at the moment anyways . well if having a reaction to such things isnt normal , then it says more about our society ... i didnt mean that i dont like to do things i dont comprehend ( as in i dont understand ); it was more like things i dont agree with or dont like . and im not sure having this feeling can constitute ... well my answer to my own question is rather bleak . the more of think about this question , the more i realize how meaningless it all is . pursuit of things i don't fully comprehend or want anyways ... thats a very refreshing perspective . thanks for sharing . ok a serious question . what do intjs want from life ? to me it seems as if the conventional things such as : social recognition monetary gains and etc are not that relevant to intjs . so what ... you mean the proverbial hell , full of intellectual zombies and everything i truly despised ? well it was ok , i guess . :) you mean the proverbial hell , full of intellectual zombies and everything i truly despised ? well it was ok , i guess . :) i dont think i have the patience or the actual sincere capability to make a commitment for a long term social connection . its too damn exhausting . you have to mind what you say , become ... my favorites include : shaun of the dead , talladega nights , stepbrothers and etc ( im a big will ferrel fan , except when hes doing the corny commercial movies ) . ok i saw ' in the thick of it ' based ... i prefer having experiencing new environments and meeting new people constantly . i like the fact that i dont have to make real / long term connections with people . this idea of disposable social ... beautifully put . cowboy bebop . in my mind the perfect story . i appreciate gifts , and especially if they're heart felt ones . the sketch idea seems very good , for an intj like me . i can understand what you're saying , and i felt a similar way before . but i think there is difference between being happy with your lonesome ( which i genuinely am ) , and hoping to find a person you ... simple answer . yes ! ! ahh , so refreshing . i can definitely relate to that . something ive been accused by almost everyone who has gotten to know closely or even remotely , is that i am arrogant and over confident . ... time spent socializing ? ( 2-3 hours a day ) i spend more time developing plans to avoid socializing , than actually socializing . i would much rather ; prefer living in nature , than having to conduct ... never being truly loved . people mostly . how uninteresting and unoriginal they all usually are . and also hypocritical . intjs prefer intelligent / though provoking conversations . i can have a conversation with just about anyone , if the subject is interesting . yes we do . but not to the extent you are talking about . i find socializing a very laborious and forced activity ; however ive learnt to appreciate its benefits now ( makes life much simpler ) . ... cowboy bebop . spike speigal and also possibly vicious . in a society where mediocrity is celebrated , and intelligent views ridiculed ; its natural for a person to become detached . intjs being driven for perfection ( or just logic ) cannot accept the ... haha , lover ? i wish i could retire right now . i shared my experience in my intro .. very dramatic ;) the worst experience of my life was my relation with an enfp girl ( my ex fiancee ) . that girl forced me to build our relation , even though i ... yes i think this is the most logical way to handle these things . i cant live with unresolved issues or ignore these things . have lost quite a few people along the way ( but to be honest , i think its ... you can try to use logic and reason with them , if that doesn't work ignore them completely . they'd eventually think over the issue and come to reason . or they might not , and you'd lose out on a ... nicely put , and yes i agree completely . were a needlessly complex bunch . i love nature with a passion . absolutely love backpacking , hiking etc . something about getting lost and finding beautiful things . did i feel that i was less mature in life , romance and career ? yes only worked out the life part , im comfortable with my own personality now . romance is work in progress , but career is an issue . ... i really dislike them . i think that intjs are very difficult to identify . like myself , i have developed certain pseudo social skills to get by . to spot an intj i guess you have to be a part of a conversation with the ... thanks for your response though , really appreciate it . i think for her trying to make me an optimist was the challenge , and i actually was looking forward to changing for her ( but i still knew , it ... i know youre right , but the whole exercise for me was exhausting . i think the biggest issue with the intj and the enfp relation , is that the intjs take things very seriously . the only reason why ... i know you're right , and ive worked on these skills quite a bit . however i still over analyse the simplest of things , and hence over complicate them . but once in a relation , it goes very well ... hello audrey , welcome . i completely understand the leadership aspect you mentioned . being a loner myself , i find it surprising that people come for my advice . its probably because your'e a ... thankyou everyone for the welcome . i genuinely appreciate it . ok guys ive decided that this forum is pretty cool ( and that is a pretty rare thing for me ) . id like to add some information about ... i think about all the ways we are different , and how i would have to come out of my comfort zone . if i really like her , then id try to jump in a conversation she is a part of , and hope that ... '