i was recently diagnosed on the spectrum and have realized i have spent much of my life ( regrettably ) acting in a way to prevent being bullied and ostracized . i have a long road to recovery and wish ... the struggle is real white privilege absolutely exists . so does health privilege . christian privilege . gender privilege . size privilege . they probably are . sorely confused by fi . it wasn't too long . it was fine , and it made sense . i like to think of myself as a chameleon . i have many different facets of personality . dare to say it , i think much more than most people i ... my husband is a mature isfj . he pretty much lets me do my own thing , and it's nice to putter around not completely alone . he is a bit more intellectual and technological than most isfj types i come ... strong emotion makes me cry . even good emotion . i don't like to cry in front of people so i hide it . i hate feeling that vulnerable . interesting that your therapist is using mbti theory with you . i thought this was rare for therapists to use it . i relate to the part about wanting to be unique or at least true to myself versus fe ... i forgive . i don't want emotions negatively influencing my life because i can't let go . however , i make educated choices from that moment to determine where i go . just because i forgive , doesn't ... distraction . uncomfortable subject . put on the spot when i am asked for thoughts and opinions i do not feel proficient enough to explain . irrational emotional expression . illogical thoughts . most ... after spending years and years of driving my husband absolutely batty with psychological typing , i finally had the chance to discuss myers-briggs and enneagram with my therapist . i never felt like i ... i try to be , but because i focus so much on desiring to find ' tangible ' truth , it isn't always easy . i joined a church with an intellectual pastor ( who isn't pushy and down your throat in the ... gah ! it is so strange to be back . i figured i had nothing better to do ... i'm somewhat getting over my obsession of flipping baby carriers . it was quite profitable but the market is tanking . ... i can admit i'm not very secure with myself . this time is definitely a discovery period for me to do that . i feel spark with music and have found a new love for mumford and sons . i decided i wanted ... unnggghhh you're so right . gah . i can wonder why people do things til the cows come home but it's not going to change what they do . that's a tough realization . i think there is this part of me that ... i have kept on existing , just more confused and messed up as ever :p roud : i have this severe skepticism problem when it comes to thoughts . i have this thought that it just can't be that easy , so i ... because i want to prove to them that i can do things myself without their help or insight . i guess i can say i'm easily convinced to believe other viewpoints ? so i let them convince me otherwise , ... when i was a child , i knew i had a strong path for myself . i would be whatever i put my mind to . between that time , when i was 7 or 8 , and now i have lost myself . i'm trying so hard to figure ... you aren't alone , silveresque i have this intense desire to be your friend , because i feel like when i talk about this to my husband i get a lot of the same responses i see here . anyways , ... swimming against a current of confusion when i have more time i will have to come back and address all of the messages you wrote . i cannot thank you enough . it's interesting how each of you wrote something so different , but they were all ... jay i sent you a pm why is it that when i'm depressed , all sound and logical advice sound really stupid ? i want to feel better , but nobody listens . i feel terrible at everything i try . i have nothing i'm good at . it's ... woah . deep . i feel so much better now . i honestly have no idea why i would turn to complete strangers for advice . i do it far too often . i don't even feel like my loved ones get me . why would random strangers . i used to be so much . i ... laeona i would love to talk about it . sorry i didn't get back on to respond . i've been pushing through the difficult period and it has seriously felt like a rollercoaster of emotions . i'm crying , ... i feel so lonely tonight . i don't want to admit that and i want to wallow in my depression and guilt ... but i only hope if i reach out somebody will hear me and want to talk to me . i feel like i ... i think i am a primary fi user because i just things in terms of how i feel about them ( which really sucks btw ) but i would love more input please . i thought i was enfp initially but all my test results seem to indicate infp . how do i exhibit ne more than fi ? also , never felt like i quite fit in the enfp board . though , it could relate to an ... thank you . i cannot believe my darling daughter is 16 months old . she is the light of my life and she has taught me that i am capable of so much more than i ever could imagine ( look - tears already ! ... i really appreciate your input , and thanks for popping in and saying hi ! i suppose that ultimately you have a good point ... that finding one's self is an incredibly personal experience and it's not ... anybody have any input ? i'm so impatient . lol scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation . up until this point you had both been ... ack double post i'm actually surprised a burst of decisiveness came from just leaving my job . though , internally i'm thinking ' what the heck am i doing ? ! ? ! ? ! ' . but i hear you . being decisive is challenging because ... i'm an infp ! i don't know , somewhere in the depths of my mind , that i've denied it for so long . i've grown up believing that the infp traits are weak and have been somewhat shameful of them . i've ... yes , we are still married . but now we have a kid , and i have a tough job , so i have no time to even think about typing . i am guessing still most likely infj . i'm here ! though i mostly lurk the ban / infraction page . welcome back :) you definitely look familiar ! i can't say i dislike it ; in certain situations it's a great tool to get what you want . i can say eye contact , a firm handshake , and a neutral speaking voice have landed me many a job interview . i ... most people seem to forget that myers briggs encompasses only one facet of personality , which is related to cognitive processing . you can put averages such as typical behaviors or common outcomes ... i'm good , but only because i really don't want to have to pay for tickets . i do hate driving in huge metropolitan areas if i don't know the area well . my husband was absolutely right regarding ... personally , most things don't serve good enough purpose or you will have to do it over again . schoolwork falls into the former category . i mean , seriously , what is filling out this worksheet about ... normally ? glad this is something i don't normally think about . wow . if i'm going to get a cold , or any other communicable disease , i guarantee it won't be from the bathroom fixtures . little ... sorry , but all i see is the ' power ' of how you are conveniently right and know everything while everybody else does not . pass . cognitive processing does not relate to behavior directly , but it is merely a small component . it is likely impossible to label introverted thinking alone with a rational set of behaviors alone , as ... if you like the dynamic of your church , you could try a smaller baptist church . they vary in levels of intensity , but i find they are a step down from pentecostal churches . i've found plenty of ... pastryparadise - the notion of a ' certain ' type being best is ridiculous . even if you aren't being serious . every type has strengths and weaknesses . including sevens . just because you are unable to ... there was a girl at my work who did this . rocky relationship , no real friends , and kept asking coworkers to be bridesmaids . luckily while i wasn't involved , a lot of my friends felt similar to you . a ... i'm an enxp with bpd tendencies and while i dated frequently from high school on , i found that many of my previous relationships were unstable to the point that it just wasn't healthy . i'm surprised ... this isn't a short term solution , but i found that most of my procrastination stemmed from getting bored with semester long classes . i'm smart and usually read the whole textbook in a few weeks . i ...