' i free myself to admit i'm wrong . it's nothing personal . when i miscalculated situations , or arrived at incorrect conclusions , i admit it . intuition is not exempted to fail . posted via mobile device i don't think so . my memory is failing most of the time , haha . that's why i choose mathematics over science as major field . i can recall by connecting concepts , analyzing links between them and ... very true to me . i don't know how to present myself with mixed friends for they may have different notions of my personality . some people say i'm just acting and not being true tn myself and my true ... i have three best friends : entp , estj , and istj . but i am closest to my entp . we have the same ideas and interests . i love listening to him , and when he asks , i answered satisfactorily and he is ... i have these thoughts same as yours , how to acquire the intp intelligence . i believe i am smarter and much brilliant than average . the only thing that becomes a problem , is my memory . i believe i ... i'm too lazy to move . either i sit all the day or lie down the bed . i am conserving my energy for thinking and comtemplating . and i seldom eat too , so my energy is limited only . i just got to move ... when i write and say , i consider correctness in grammar and logic , consistency and unambiguity , euphonics , artistic elements , and conciseness of my statements . so having not mastered the structuring ... they really feel awkward spending time with me in silence . they wanted to break the ice but the most suited remarks are sometimes hard to come by , especially when we are not familiar with likes and ... i don't appreciate r & b , but a few when i'm feeling high and crazy . :) posted via mobile device i wish i could meet an intp female in my university , one which will become a better friend of mine . we can share our ideas and thoughts and that alone will satisfy my deep cravings for intellectual ... my x-ray telescope ! lol , i'd failed for this ... posted via mobile device me too prefer non-fiction , because it is more informative and has good connection to the real world . non-fiction speaks of facts and some valuable information about , unlike fiction that is only a ... i can be happier when there is this person who shares interests with me and go with me , discover with me , discuss with me , enjoy life with me . i want a buddy , someone to amplify my thoughts . posted via ... it is really hard to tell . intps live in their heads and do not care much about the environment . he will create you in his mind ( as an idea / concept ) and do what he wishes to you in his head . perhaps , ... intjs are more result-oriented , and intps are process-oriented . posted via mobile device we could not be understood . we have supreme knowledge on a subject , so specific and sort of pedantry , that no one cares to listen for . one more thing , we have ideals , but it is too far , too ... what's the use of thinking too much ? all we have is our ideas , but we just can't apply it , for we are heavily immersed on this cognitive activity . we may need someone to stop us and save us up from ... i have a huge fear in rejection and commitment . these two terms are related somehow . when you are committed to someone , you think you should do your best to satisfy this person . if you fail in ... who is a better decision-maker of the two , intp or intj ? if you agree that a good decision-maker is one who makes good decisions out of a considerably short period of time , then efficiency of the ... reality is a product of idealism . posted via mobile device i'm so afraid of rejection , to the point that i don't try making friends anywhere anymore and avoid people though they have this intention of befriending me . because later , they will forget about me , ... yeah , i wish to be an intj . or at least , flexible enough to shift from p to j , vice versa . i think , i can be more successful being - j . i perceived - p as having a number of unfavorable ... ok , so can everybody agree here that p individuals are weaker than js in terms of actions and executions of ? or is this only my partial judgment ? of course , it is certain that we intps all wanted ... so you mean , brain-boosting activities , foods , etc . ? a speedy intp is equivalent to an intj ? swiftness in actions ( whether mental or physical ) should not be considered as one ... so , this reveals that i'm really a big p . :| i wonder how can i change myself to being j . posted via mobile device i wish i am an intj . that's my ideal type . :) and so with being entp . [ entp-intp-intj ] posted via mobile device this is always the case . oh , i got a lot of projects for school and i can't even start . my mind focuses on the list of subjects i need to study ( irrelevant to schooling ) for self-development . but i ... i will try to look for someone to enlighten me . when i have the issue discussed within myself only , i could find the solution very well . however , i may need a person who would tell me those answers ... the only thing that interferes with my learning is my education . - einstein i've got a lot of things to know , but my education prevents me from exploring all that had caught my interest ... hey , there's no such thing as thinking too much . overthinking is an invalid or senseless word , i believe . whenever a person thinks , he ( or she ) naturally tries his best to analyze everything involved ... yeah , that's true . it's very hard for us to lie . i am truthful , and thus deserves someone who is also the same . but i could find it on the people in my environment ( school , neighborhood , etc . ) , ... this seem to be a ineffective way of bringing us down , my fellow intps . it just don't affect us , and instead , we are able to counteract this by our distinct methods of attack by the virtue of logic ... i am quite strict with the way a person should approach me . he / she should do it the right way ; make good ( fun and interesting ) introductions when wanted me to be engaged in a conversation . i am ... i could not prevent myself from putting too much pressure on my eyes . the more i'm aware of it , the more pressure i exert . brain activity , especially when cogitating , has a relevance to eye ... i am really depressed for the past 3 years . i entered the wrong university and the wrong course , and that's not only the problem . i don't have enough will to change and improve myself . sometimes ... then currently , i'm so interested on this beautiful girl who walked on my front before , making me fall in love to her , i guess . but i don't know her that much , only by name . we are in school and i ... i always have this habit of looking seriously at a particular person with or without him / her knowing it . when i look , this person should not look back because i think he / she will engage me in a ... i am too inclined not to accept any tasks out of something or from someone that are none of interests . because i am very certain that i could'nt give my best since i don't have the motivation to ... love is an emotion , and intp's are weak in emotions . but still we try to find love because we realize that sometimes , it is good for us . but to find her , the significant other is a difficult quest ... i will be becoming a math teacher . :) posted via mobile device my present problem with regards to being an intp is the development of pessimistic instincts when i analyze my would-be actions on a certain situation . then i tend not to perform the action when all ... my favorite website is listverse dot com perfect source of knowledge and discovery . i love the conspiracy theories , unexplained matters , and bizarre , weird , and odd things . :) posted via ... i always have eyebags even i have plenty of sleep . maybe it has something to do with cogitating . when i think , i am conscious and aware enough to feel that it seems to me i exert some sort of effort ... hmm , i'm an intp and i really am fond of sleuthing , and detection . the greatest hero for me is a detective . i love to solve crime in the sense that i really like to solve-the-murder books and watch ... what makes me happy ? 1ne . books of knowledge--about everything that interests me . diverse books for a person of diverse interests and enthusiasm . 2wo . music . the kind of songs that perfectly ... '