' the decline of the west by oswald spengler . alrighty then . http://i.imgur.com/3F4zMzA.jpg silent hill 2 . i can only bow down to the amount of symbolism and references that have piled upon this little gem . if you had an intersection between crime and punishment st , jacob's ladder dr . and ... it goes without saying that appearances and possessions will define you as an individual in the eyes of the general population , as opposed to your character and actions . there used to be a time ... i haven't started yet . i can see how driving can be useful but i don't feel any urge either . spikes by death grips . i've been sleeping on my laurel crown . http://i.imgur.com/LFxfBsM.jpg http://i.imgur.com/FyrInCq.png incoherent monologue regarding the meaning of life . skypeing with and old time friend . i guess i'll be around 35 or so . arabellagator , briano , cool , gasd 342 , rebelgoatalliance , sjwdefener , superyoshi not exactly 10 . a ripe banana . i'm just wondering how come i end up waking after only 3 to 4 hours of sleep . to be fair i've only wanted to be invested in a long term relationship , i despise anything that come close to casual sex , rebounds , hookups and the like . as adults , people should truly be aware of ... lensflaresandloveaffairs.tumblr.com is now defunct . silicon valley . i truly enjoy travelling , there's something exciting to me about the thought of getting lost in a remote place so that's why i always do my best to not rely on public transportation or taxi and walk ... the comedy - 2012 the humoristic approach in it is just perfect . équipage from hermès . narcisco rodriguez for her . my adolescence , to be honest . welcome to 2002 . http://i.imgur.com/gnNkzHZ.jpg the act of buying , in this case , would be quite ironic . i've been wearing them since i was 8 or so . luckily for me , this past decade my sight hasn't worsen . i'd probably have to rely on the interet for that considering that a full-time job coupled with commuting represent the most of my waking life and that i don't feel like going out on weekends ... i simply have no desire to do so , i've always done my best to not take on responsibilities so i probably won't move out before another decade . you could shave off up to 7 years from my actual age . i can't grow a full beard yet . potenza . absolutely , especially for thumbing up and airquoting . http://i.imgur.com/5tszV7S.jpg i'm currently watching angel cop , just finished episode 2 . istp here : my drawing skills are somehow limited i'd say . http://i.imgur.com/ZxioKqe.png http://i.imgur.com/tjeFxo5.png http://i.imgur.com/rBH4B9X.png pretty much . i never felt like jumping through a series of hoops , relations that never started naturally simply weren't meant to be and i like it that way . integrity , i can't think of a second one . honestly , i don't necessarily believe that being feminine has to do with your taste in food , hobbies or music at least not exclusively . i'd say it has more to do with the way you behave and act ... i don't necessarily mind the rain , i find it rather soothing and streets aren't as busy as they use to be . - becoming self-sufficient - travel the world on foot for half a year or so - polishing my language skills http://i.imgur.com/TOJrOLF.jpg i finished this piece a few days back . yes . one blog for screencaps and holiday pictures , the other for reblogs . i'm playing the regular one , fes seemed even more appealing but clearly wasn't in my price range . i've just got started with persona 3 and i'm slowly getting why some would prefer it over persona 4 . i'm slowly getting back to illustration , the lat sleeve i designed was rather well received . the next step will be to come up with a logo for a music label . always . i just don't like the idea of being interrupted . i'm currently munching on a ballpoint pen . apparently eating spicy food is beneficial to my well-being . it appears obvious to me that god ( or whatever you want to call him ) exist . the thing is that i'm not ready to invest myself completely religiously speaking . it's probably better than treating ... > what are istp men like in relationships ? i guess that like most people we only enter a relationship if we're positive about its outcome . the ideal relationship would allow you and your partner to ... > how would you respond if someone asked , what's on your mind ? most of the time , i'd answer : nothing special to spare me the trouble of going into details , because i assume not many people would ... i've never undergone therapy mostly because i always believed that being this way was simply being myself . the key to me is to learn how to deal with it , that's probably the toughest way to build ... i'd build a location akin to a bunker and spend the rest of my days living as a hermit . '