' yikes ! ( when i wall posted you i hadn't read that one ! ) well ... you know me . 12 months at least since i was on here last . in that time i'm obviously going to have found a lady to marry me in ... how very dry of you . :d ry : wait ... : shocked : ... no one thanked you for this thread yet ? : sad : problem solved ! : tongue : i like social gatherings a lot . most of them anyway . especially if there are other intuitives , booze , and nf ladies ... dear perc , how you doin ' ? i missed you . did you miss me ? : tongue : for me nothing can compete with this ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elQj5o8sirQ ! ! ! damn it . i knew i should have made a move on that hot enfp that liked me . there is nigh on nothing more appealing to me in this world than a lovely nf lady that wants to deviate with me ... oh , poor enfj . : unsure : let me re-light your fire . : wink : i love the way everyone predicted the outcome of this chain of events so well . ninja reply : hello back at you ! :) ye . i think it pretty much does - but see adasta's post for all the uk academic career ranks . there are also the various non-career type posts - like postdoctoral workers on their own fellowship ... hey all , as my thread in the arts forum seems to be not-too-popular (: unsure :) , then could i interest the infj forum in a thread about wire and bead jewellery making ? i just started learning it ... how are the ads targeted ? is it only me that is getting a banner for zoosk with a load of men on it ? haha . is this cos i have the word fluffy written in pink letters in my sig ? : laughing : ... it differs across the globe . here in the uk what you would call a professor in the us is actually a lecturer . only the very * top * lecturers are professors here - and it is a job title , ... dear world , where is this awesome infj lady that i was promised would fall right into my lap ? yours , a one-infj-angel-light-lapped-intp . i wish a nice infj would give me a stroke . : unsure : : laughing :: laughing :: laughing : you know you're an infj when you post mostly in infj threads . ( check out my sig ohtomicho ) well fizz left while i was away . so this is sort of my fizz tribute thread . rest in retirement fizz . you will be sore ... ly missed . : blushed : i hope you don't mind me being all transatlantic there with my thread title . : happy : anyway , i have been a busy boy and but i can't stay away from perc forever . and while i was away i started ... ok , i did my usual temporary disappearing trick , and couldn't bear to be away from everyone any longer . : tongue : so i come back , and what do i find ? just the exact same thing that happened last ... haha . my impulse control aint always all that either . do you really want that sort of thing by the second date ? ? ? i ask cos i might go on a second date with an esfp ! : shocked : totally not ... and this is one reason why esfp's and intp's get along so well - - believe it . and op , i don't like stereotypes , so i hope you sort of understood the intricacies of what i meant about over-thinking ... a most excellent post . i don't think i've ever said a time , followed by the word sharp . :p roud : i say - ish a lot though ! : shocked : edit : you got it wrong , enfp ! 6:45- ish is actually ... better late than never ? ? ? : unsure : congratulations bast ! :) i take methylphenidate too . it doesn't rob me of my creativity , it just means i actually can get things done . it has its pros and cons . bit tired now . will think of more for later . oh , and i ... bollocks . beaten to it . not saying you don't . but somehow i doubt it is on the same all-consuming level . you know rodin's the thinker ? http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uTzpgO2AL8A your name is hov ? ... : wink : welcome back aceface ! : happy : well , without reading through other replies ( as i am busy , not cos i am uninterested ! ) , then i think maybe two main reasons . first and foremost their is possibly a techie / net-nerd bias against ... congratulations fizz ! hmm . orange fizz was easy to do , but i tried fizzy green fizz on your wall already and failed . so ... you are ... happy birthday spacecadette ! ( i don't have an awesome pic for you though . :d ry :) or ... maybe i do ! ! ! erm ... no . not exactly . i can't pin down talent like that in words . i think ... hmm . i'll let my brain work on it and come back to you ! : happy : hey enfjs . what happened to jawz ? i'm going to miss him . lots . isthmus put a lot of the intricacies down better than i could manage last night . very well put . i totally agree - - natural talent is important in science to a point . if anything actually , then ... i dreamt my mum was dead once . i woke up crying and shaken . worst dream ever . i was all grown-up when i had that dream , but the saddest thing is that i had it cos my friend's mum had died a ... i am an intp . i am probably one of the more feelings-based intp's on perc ( or even all of the internet ) . in fact a friend recently told me that of the men she knows i was the one most in touch with ... well , i'm not an infj , but ... why re-programme yourself ? maybe what you need isn't to address quiet time , per se , but to look at why it bothers you to be alone . i don't know . that was just ... dear infj's , i've missed some of you , so where's the love ? i also miss one of you quite a lot , and i hope she's doing ok . yours , me . ( oh , and i miss another one , but i think she's gone ... haha . i post in this thread about as often as i update my fb status . :p roud : it no show cat ! me lost without my meme hit ! nooo ! i pushed everything else up , so i'm gonna shamelessly bump this up so you get more love . : happy : hello & welcome ( back ) ! : wink : hey . where's the love for the intp's ? ? ? huh ? : wink : hey estp . crazy , fun things ? erm . no . thanks . :d ry : joke ! : laughing : cool bio by the way . what sort of art stuff are you most into ( if you don't mind me asking ) ? hello & welcome ! too little love for this wonderful intro thread so i'm taking the helm and bumping it ! :p roud : love your avatar and username by the way pippin . :) hello & welcome ! aleksandra that was a wonderful intro post . and i guessed you were an infj straight away before reading any of it . hehe . i have a problem with self-discipline too - - and i can identify with at ... hello & welcome ! nice to meet you too . can't believe you got no hellos ! that was a good intro post . i've been meaning to see what those istj's get up to in their forum , so thanks for ... i had you down as an nt . i sort of guessed more entp though for some reason . anyway , hello & welcome ! oooh , another infj ! yipee ! ! ! : happy : hello & welcome ! hello & welcome ! i don't know anything about no protein shakes though . i swear ! they were like that when i got here ! : shocked : : unsure : ... : laughing : ask away infp ! ! ! : happy : just don't stick that tongue out at me ! : shocked : joke ! : tongue : hello & welcome ! hello & welcome ! and thank you for reminding me that i never finished the hdm trilogy . my bad . : unsure : hello . i am an intp too - - well almost - - if you discount the emoticons and pink text now and then . haha . i'm too tired to work out all of the jokes above . but i naturally followed the ... i can smell an intp from the title of their intro post . hello & welcome ! '