' 1 . what's your mbti type ? intp 2 . have you ever had a lucid dream ? yes . 3 . about how often do you remember your dreams ? ( give a percent . ) how would i know ? i normally remember at least a few ... i'm really horrible at giving comfort , but i'm great at giving advice . it doesn't matter if it's an emotional relationship problem or a problem with a more practical solution , i've been told that i'm ... if i'm around people for too long i get either really antsy or completely shut down . i'll either suddenly have a ton of energy and feel the need to go run a million miles , or i'll get exhausted and ... i think intps dislike inspirational messages because most of them are illogical and pointless . most of them annoy me , but i've found a few that are highly logical , and therefore inspire me slightly . my first crush i can remember was in elementary school , i think third grade . he was basically the smartest one in our class , and our parents were good friends . we would call each other and play ... i know that you know that he doesn't know that i know . but now technically i know that you know that he knows that i know that we both know . but he doesn't know that you know . polexiasmallpox i'll just say i'm a part of generation z . were the issues personality-related ? if so , what were they ? to keep everyone updated ( whether you care or not ) , the entp and i are ... an entp i know did this ( friendly teasing ) to me for quite a while . as an intp i could think up pretty witty comebacks , and it was just our thing . everyone else thought we were so weird . we were / are ... don't know if this has already been said , but when you get could get 100 on every test just by arguing your point of view and convincing the teacher to change the right answer to your answer . so if an entp knows that you like them , what should you interpret their actions to mean ? if they don't make any moves does it mean that they're not interested ? i know a male entp and we are really ... i'm not an intj , but i can definitely relate to this . i've noticed it mostly with my conversation skills and humor . when i was younger few people my age could process jokes or difficult ... 1 : what's your mbti type ? intp 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? oldest 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? ... are you a good writer / has anyone ever said you were a good writer ? why ? yes , i love writing . i personally think i am good at it and people tell me it all the time . it supposedly had to do with my ... i'm an intp and true neutral tell him exactly how yo feel . when he doesn't talk to you he is likely busy or distracted ( then again , when aren't intps distracted ) . your best bet is to tell him , and over email or text is probably ... take a completely logical approach . never use supporting points that don't make sense . there will normally be points that are logical from both sides of an argument , and if you combine the logical ... to clarify , was your dad asking about how much water was in the dam ? if so , then yes , there are circumstances in which i might be able to relate to that . sometimes when someone asks me a question ... i am above all attracted to intelligence . if you are incredibly smart , and don't hide it , then no matter what you look like , chances are i'm attracted to you , at least slightly . i'm also pretty sure ... i actually know an entp who plays the saxophone ... i know an intj and entp that seem to be in a similar situation to this . the intj and entp were best friends for a long time , but the entp did something to annoy the intj that the entp was not aware ... in school i play percussion ( marimba , snare drum , tom-toms , timpani , and base drum ) . on my own time i've taught myself to play the piano . i can't do anything too complicated , but i can read ... i saw this post about myers-briggs types and how they relate to instruments 232402 here is a link to the post as well . the instrument for intps is the piano , but i often hear that violin is the ... what i love : 1 . my mind 2 . the internet 3 . communication ( in most written / indirect forms ) 4 . sarcasm 5 . night time what i hate : 1 . my brain 2 . ignorance when i was younger i hated sports . i think this had to do with the fact that any sport available to me was forced upon me by my parents ( ballet , gymnastics , step ) . i only was interested in sports ... anyone who perceives us as innocent would probably do so because they can't read our minds , and / or they haven't known us long enough to even begin to imagine what might be hiding in there . i never liked the idea of getting a tattoo , because it's too permanent . i do draw on myself a lot with sharpie though , to try out a look , but i can never settle on a design i like . i'm okay with most ... miss jackson - panic ! at the disco i love this song ! ! ! extroverted ( e ) 51 % introverted ( i ) 49 % sensing ( s ) 85 % intuitive ( n ) 15 % feeling ( f ) 78 % thinking ( t ) 22 % judging ( j ) 87 % perceiving ( p ) 13 % your type is : esfj esfj - seller . most ... i was wondering if an intj would ever use a relationship to get over another relationship . for example , an ( male ) intj goes out with someone for a while and they are very close ( for an intj / intp ... my favorite season is definitely fall . i love the wind , and the smell of the air is different from other seasons , fresher in a way . it doesn't have the bitter cold of winter , the sweltering heat of ... other rationals are my favorite types . two of my best friends are an intj and an entp . i've found that other people can't provide the same intellectual stimulation as they can . in general i like ... intps have reasons for everything the do . in the example of telling a lie , we will trust the person if what they are saying makes logical sense . in general i would say that i don't trust most people ... scene : homeroom this morning teacher : i got the basketball roster this morning , does anyone want to look at it ? me : * laughs to myself * rooster . nobody else understood why i found my comment so ... keep my brain stimulated . most people these days are all about small talk . don't be afraid to ask me deep questions , and when you do , let me think about the answer . don't ever expect immediate ... sarcasm , puns , plays on words , but keep in mind if you tell an intp a joke and they can't figure out the answer , don't bug them about it . it will make them despise you . i have hazel eyes , and i'm and intp . they are green around the outside with a sort of orange-ish brown star burst shape from the middle . being boring is correlated with personality type ? [ / quote ] some types might be more attracted to certain features in a type , and as a result find particular types more boring than others . but ... i'd like to apologize for this post , when i posted it i hadn't yet read charlie.elloit ' s post and it makes a very good point . i'll delete this as soon as i figure out how . sorry ! i'm an intp and some of that stuff sounds alot like me . i believe the term you are looking for is ambivert . i'm not the type to believe in horoscopes , but i've always wondered if there was any correlation between zodiac signs and personality types . i am an intp , and my zodiac sign is cancer . i know him very well , and i'm pretty sure he's an entp . our personalities are so similar that they do clash a lot , but we both are so logical we can sort out our differences very easily . i am normally reading one nonfiction book and a fiction book at home , plus anything assigned to me , so normally three at a time i am an intp but one of my best friends who i have typed as an entp was diagnosed with adhd at an early age . well opposites attract , right ? i can't choose between invisibilty , flying , and mind reading ( not mind control ) . when you restart a conversation you and a friend had yesterday and they're like what ? i am an intp and a huge harry potter fan . is there a correlation between personality type and whether or not you are a harry potter fan ? you know that you're an introvert when your get sent to your room as a punishment , and you're delighted . '