' cunt [ insert more letters ] it depends on who i am killing . if i am killing a stupid person , then i want to prolong its suffering as much as possible . if ... well , other than a person being stupid , i find no reason to kill . no . i am most certainly not a teenager . of course it's not a problem . you might be socially ( deluded ) induced into thinking it is . but in reality , what justification is there to miss anyone ? to clarify , when i mean i am asexual and aromantic , i mean : i have never felt physically or romantically attracted to any living being . of course , i idealize and get all-a-fluttered about dead ... actually , it's more like you are unevolved and unenlightened . but don't worry , one day , you will be euthanized . honestly ? i rarely buy books when i can download them . but whenever i do buy books , i have to research every bit and piece about it . as in , i generally read an extensive summary and critique on it . i ... my theory is the combination of the n and the p . most of the xnxp types i know can more easily become chameleons than the other types . i think it might have something to do with how ( forgive me for ... one of my best friends is an infp . i find them quite fascinating ( especially since he and i rarely agree on principles ) . we always have a good conversation despite the different angles we approach ... 1 . genocide of mentally retarded people should be justified . in which case , i consider it euthanasia . 2 . pop culture icons ( i . e . kesha , taylor swift , etc . ) should not exist . and if people fail to ... lol ! that's a brilliant catch-phrase . perhaps i'll make shirts for intp girls just to see the reactions . oh gawd , hume and descartes . a good pair . lots of violent intellectual debate will ensue . :) although his behavior towards you is obviously affecting you negatively , he still has a right to act however he wants . partially , his impacting factor is you allowing him to impact you this way . this is very true . of all the types i've encountered , infps are probably the ones whom i cannot ' bond ' with easily . not because they weren't great people , but because after the initial fun and ... i am going to sound like a stereotypical intp ( bear with me ) . supposing i were to deviate from my aromantic self , i would still infinitely prefer t-function types . this increases the chance that the ... sex just seems like such a ... waste of energy and time . : i'm fine with most people , except in situations when someone is extremely emotional ( aka irrational ) and or inflexible . come to think , i've only had major miffs with two people , and they were both ... i'm pretty black-and-white explosive . it's either impassivity or sheer anger . thank god , most of the time , it's the former . usually , the big meanies are just bullies at heart who try to validate their own significance by undermining others . completely immature . but sometimes , very rarely though , along comes a true sadist ... my closest friends are nt types . we're not cold or heartless . we just show affection in an extremely unconventional way . que sera , sera invalidated . it'd never happen because i'd either shoot myself first or the other person . i'm pretty misanthropic , but i have long realized that and try not to act on my natural proclivities to kill . so , i find relative satisfaction with staying away from most people and not purposely ... definitely more guy friends . although , sometimes , i'm startled to realize i still have friends at all . how do you know for certainty we didn't get the joke ? what if i were trolling you back ? easy ... as in ? this is a difficult dilemma to address . even if he is a stereotypical intp , you can't expect him to react stereotypically . i think you should do what's best for you first . you know how you feel , ... maybe it's just me , but i find it hilarious when i make people cry . * shrugs * perhaps you still are , but only if god is deceitful ! xd i hate the who's your favourite artist question since there are too many brilliant , talented , and godly people in history . so , to make it easier , who're your top tens or ten people ( if you had to ... so , i identify as both asexual and aromantic . i know that the stereotypical description of intp is the tendency to shy away from interpersonal relations and physical intimacy . any other intps who ... i'm an intp . i'm a girl . i think i exist . ( for those who got the joke , don't kill me . ) disclaimer : i'm not trying to start anything . how can you hate your type ? i'm genuinely curious . it's like saying i hate myself . assuming , that you really are an intp ( or insert any type ) , it's ... cake . touch my cake , and you will die . eldest of two but am plotting to become the only child . :) i'm really relaxed with everything except when it comes to my food . specially designated food for me . haha , i sound so ridiculous . then why're you here ? or you can just cheat and say i am creatively calculating . , awesome pic . :) t and n are tied for me . my least developed and consequentially least favoured is my f ( does this make me inherently biased against it ? ) . what irritates me is when people complain about how intps are so cold and heartless . not true . what if we were to turn-the-tide and say you people are too touchy , maudlin , irrational , and ( at ... people who clearly don't know art history but insist on critiquing an art piece at length . this pisses me off like none other . '