' i'm here - by here i mean i live in switzerland , possibly one of the best countries in the world for scenery and quality of life . and fyi i'm single . just saying ... worst books ? catch 22 comes to mind . maybe one day i'll get enlightened and will understand what all the hype is about , but right now i can't see a better use for it than in the recycle bin .  ... i'm happy to be an intj - it suits me well ... but saying i take pride in being an intj sounds ridiculous . if anything , i'm proud of the things i have accomplished , not the way my brain is wired ... intj female most : intp , possibly infj ( if not too emotional ) least : esfx https://i.chzbgr.com/maxW500/6394763008/hC46886A9/ - futurama - invader zim - numb 3rs - the big bang theory - heroes ( 1st season ) - scrubs ( early seasons ) - the simpsons i came up with this forum name because it puts together two of the main drives in my life : - my innate tendency towards complete harmony with the transcendental order and - my ever questioning ... i hated school when i was younger , but loved learning - with a passion . does that sound like a contradiction ? what i mean is that i hated the system and all its flaws and mediocrity . even at a ... am i the only intj who doesn't like hurting other people's feelings ? when you've made up your mind that you're too old to learn new stuff and take up a new challenge . that's too old for college imho i don't think anyone here implied iq equals intelligence ® . rather , it measures logical-mathematical and spatial abilities . in this light , i personal understood the op as what is an isfp ... don't play the misquote / remove context game with me , buddy . if you want to discuss in a constructive way , i'm all for it : it's just my opinion , not the ultimate truth ® , and i always welcome a chance ... there's different types of selfish . there's stupid selfish a . k . a . zero-sum game , with each person making him / herself miserable by trying to rip off everybody else and not being ripped off ... does it ? let's see ... too selfish or emotionally immature to act ethically towards other people without the promise of an ultramundane reward , or too insecure to cope with life without the comfort of ... then you can stay . :p roud : it's the grumpy , un-cuddly , bossy , frigid entjs i've had enough of . ° holding religious beliefs is fine , but they belong to your personal , intimate life . publicly claiming your religion is better than the other religions , or the only true one , or that you enjoy an ... ... among the forum users ' subset of infj who actually answer his question . : wink : interesting notion . but can we at least swap some of the entjs with infj specimens to balance things out a bit and to cater to our needs for intimacy and a mate ? we may be rationals , but that ... attention ? me ? let's face it , i'm a frigging hermit . i love spending time doing the things i deem important and doing them well . sharing them with others does not increase the satisfaction i ... lactophobia . in layman's terms , milk freaks me out . the mere sight or smell of it , even at a distance , makes me want to gag . drinking it - or eating anything containing it or vaguely tasting like ... interesting . there was a time when i felt the same way and considered the option of joining the military myself ( except for the raw power thing - for me it it was more about the strict discipline , ... if you can read this you are too close . i'm with you - except i've realised in the real world it's difficult to find a genuinely good , kind or tolerant person who isn't also intelligent or deep . stupid / simple-minded doesn't equal good ... hmm , i'm an intj myself but i favour abstract art over figurative art . by abstract art i don't mean just random brushstrokes but proper art where the emphasis is not on depicting recognisable ... an essay on co-operation : together , by richard sennet museum ... archaeology , natural history or science & technology , where to fully embrace our own geekiness and share it . followed by witty and stimulating conversation at dinner in a good , quiet ... as i don't believe in souls or ghosts , i have no interest in séances ... so nope . intjs , clearly . the least delusional of all types , and naturally bent on seeking truth , no matter how unpleasant it may be . invalid question , intjs avoid social settings . the egg . laid by a dinosaur . ( that was my answer to this dilemma when i was a child ) hello and welcome ! 1 . acquire vehicle , aka a scooter ( preferably a vespa or lambretta ) , then customise it with mirrors and fog lights ( the more the better ) . 2 . adopt a smooth , sophisticated look , including , but not ... http://i59.tinypic.com/30xhic8.jpg hi librlschlstc , welcome . just be yourself - kindred spirits and you will click spontaneously . trick or treat ? finnish mentalist / magician testing how dogs respond to a disappearing treat :D welcome vinniebob from a fellow intj . there's actually quite a few of us here . hello electriccat from a fellow intj ! hello alisa ! welcome ! hmm ... kittens and muffins ... yummy ! you make me want to eat the kittens and pet the muffins ... j / k ;) i dunno ... i think the sight of unshaved legs , unshaved pits , cellulite and flabby bellies as opposed to the perfect bodies they see in mags may well shock them into temporary impotence . i would be honest and factual with her . i'd simply tell her you have different personalities and needs , and that her behavior makes you feel extremely uncomfortable - because on the one hand you ... stupid people . in large numbers . because they're easily manipulated by demagogues , and instead of making informed , rational choices , they're merely driven by habit , ignorance , petty personal ... well , you could report the seller to ebay because what they did is a breach of ebay policies . there's an option called reserve price , they should have taken advantage of it . if you do report them , ... se questa è davvero la sua reazione , e come si è comportata , è lei che non ti merita . la complicità tra due persone nasce da un desiderio reciproco di accettarsi e conoscersi . why do men ... what is your mbti type ? intj what is your gender ? female what is your age ? 32 what type of environment do you live in ( city / suburbs / rural ) ? i find your definition of nice guy flawed . why does a nice guy have to be very emotional ? personally , i can't stand anyone who is overemotional - or on the other totally devoid of empathy .  ... hi and welcome , from a fellow intj . yes , we're a rare breed but don't be surprised to find so many intjs here . it's just other types are more likely to be busy socialising , going to cafés and ... hola squishydory , ¿ qué tal ? bienvenida al foro :) :) hello , fellow intj ! hello sarah , welcome ! hello utopeckar . i haven't see anything edible remotely similar to a lobster here in the forums , but i'll keep looking . meanwhile , welcome and make yourself at home ! '