' melancholy plegmatic 0 sanguine , 43 melancholy , 29 choleric , 64 phlegmatic it may not help you - we can be very different ... but i know what helped me a great deal - taking part in amateur theatre , that is acting . nowadays , taking voice in front of many people is easier for ... yes - i consider my integrity as the best thing i have ... or can have . edmond dantes , known as the count of monte christo . his obsession with vengeance was and still is extraordinary . one small day by ultravox . the day of self-acceptance is not that far off . day when i ` ll embrace who i was , i am and who i can be :) so you all mean that my behavior towards female , my preferable , sex is not a bug , it ` s a feature ? i was told by a girl once , that when i say joke , it ` s hard to tell whether i ` m joking at all ... yes , me . are you feeling better ? :) truth is , it bothered me without end . then it stopped , because i had either choice of thinking about this constantly or rather try to do something for myself . my ... a story about heinrich schliemann that later discovered ancient troy . he learned ancient greek by comparing translation of homer epic poems to their original text . i disagree , feels wrong on many levels . all that why don ` t i , i can ` t do it , it wouldn ` t be right , i am not going to get that . for a very long time i thought that the one thing that i can be proud of is my dedication to a chosen cause . once i ` m committed , i stay loyal to whatever was settled / agreed upon ; once i gave my ... one of my favorite jokes : two baloons are flying over the desert . one says : - watch out ! cactusss ... interesting point of view . so occasional spirals into depression or feeling down in the dumps are natural and to be expected ? i was recently under impression that they show infj that ... youkali - mario frangoulis http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d79XYhr6tsg orphee aux enfers - offenbach http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zf0L0Uo1Lro first thing - emotional , second - silly in a ... phd in history , ancient history . i ` m closer to achieving the finish line than ever . i ` m 31 and i had first kiss this year . must be something wrong with me , right ? :) i do not have any useful advice for you , because i ` m struggling myself , but do not overthink this too much . you ... and if i ` d say that i had a girl fall for me just for being myself ? i do not consider myself a social butterfly or even outgoing . it just sort of * happened * ... and i think that is the way - love ... accepting myself - first step to accepting others . or it is another way around ? i ` m guilty of this . i ` m not sure if this is infj thing . if you are an idealist , your view will always clash with reality , right ? so , i have enough of those clashes to serve me until last breath ... last time i checked , i was human . i experience lust . how i show it to others , that is another thing . my guess would be - overthinking . i can imagine all the possibilities , all the possible outcomes of any situation i ` m currently in , usually less than favorable . i start to seriously consider thinking ... speaking from personal experience , being 30 and not in a relationship ... it ` s not a failure . being not in a relationship is not a failure . i agree , it can be important for any one , it can be a big ... true essence of things . then i read through a spoiler - still not sure about those explanations :) though feeling closer to ni / se . thanks for all the answers . i ` ve been out of internet :) for more than one week ... now i ` m back and i can answer to you in turn . at first i try to ignore my friend and continue with my work . i ... hello ! i ` d be grateful for any help with my type . different tests give different answers , even up to intp . i feel myself closer to isfj or infj ... but basically all i ` m sure about is ixxj ... or ixxx ... somehow it ` s the same with me . if i spend too much time on my own for too long - i feel useless and depressed . it ` s when i ` m around people , when i interact with them in a meaningful way , i ` m at my ... 1 . yes , 2.no 3 . certain acquaintance of mine killed himself and i was able to see the impact it made on whole group of our mutual friends . i could only imagine what it was for his family . after ... does personality in itself have anything in common with morality ? i thought that any person , regardless of mbti type , can be good or evil , as in personal choice . hello ! being a lurker , trying to understand myself a little better , i ` ve finally decided to create account here . keirsey temperament sorter sorted me three times as infj ... i ` ve thought of myself ... '