' exactly this ! i like hugs from people i know well . but too awkward to be the one initiating them :P i do stonewall people . but usually not from the get go . it takes allot of time , but once it reaches that point , i'm done . one of my bad habits , is that i don't tell people when i'm being hurt . i ... i feel the same way most of the time .. and it's not just now , it's been a long time since i felt like that :( most of the things i do at the moment seem worthless . how am i trying to change ? ... what if we could double jump ? what if we could see sounds ? what color would music you like have ? what about sounds that irritate you :P ? what if we could change our mood by our liking ? would ... june 29 i saw aliens when i was young ! ! ! rain once again . with a 3 in 100 chance to meet an infp ... foreveralone.jpg blizpix thank you ! to me , your post feels very close to the truth . i'll try to talk with her about it , although it will be hard for me to put it into words and see what she thinks about it .   ... i must advise you from the start reader , this will be an wall of text with a big mountain of grammatical mistakes . i apologize for that , my english is nowhere near perfect ^ ^ . i love this girl , ... snog senhorfrio xddd i can't be trusted with an huge metal monster . besides it's the number one reason for everything bad happening in the world .. oil ftl . so i hope never . i'm having a hard time fighting with this attitude . my brain stops suddenly and i keep mesmerizing about it . going through anger , sadness , acceptance , etc . just trying to find meanings from what ... i just took the enneagram test one more time ^ ^ still the same , not that it changes but to make sure :P what now : 3 ? my mind would whirl around for days for what it means-some really bad things come into my mind - if my partner would ask such a thing > . < i wouldn't like it at all .. some time ago i read on another personality site that we-infps - are more spiritually aware than others . for our strengths to flourish , we should nourish our faith whatever that might be . meditate ... i'm highly afraid of losing my girlfriend . i know she loves me , and i love her . the issue is that i don't trust myself , i observe what dark thoughts come into my head sometimes when i get angry , and ... i met my girlfriend in a game we both played over the internet . she's intj ;P now i'm in a long distance relationship for more than a year , and always looking forward to meet her every 1-2 months ... i'm really scared of them , and if i watch them in the night , say bye , bye sleep . i don't like them because of that , i think i'm way too scared ! i felt very intense as i read your post ! i would contact that person , but maybe that's because i'm so young : s bobby pigeon ~ . ~ sounds like intj to me ^ ^ dear istj , i learned allot from you ! i can't be strong without you ! you showed me a different world ! thanks for sharing your feelings with me , even if it's probably a hell for you to do so ! ... aw god ... no beliefs ... i loved that movie and always thought what it would be like o . o ! i am an infp with an istj and we have been together for 2 years now . i also experienced some of what you wrote on your initial post . but it can get better , tell him what you need , what you really ... i be postin ' on ixtj forums ; they be hatin . http://mylittlefacewhen.com/media/f/img/haters_gonna_hate-6-1.gif thanks for the info . i'll practice it :) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lZl4lEPKArc http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NEZLtt4yBtQ i would love to hear more about what happened fairy dust , but i suppose it's personal ? : s doesn't imagination help us read others ? we put ourselves in their situations and let our imagination wild =P ? for me , it takes allot of time to feel comfortable with a person and to be sure of his / hers intentions . we always put up allot of walls so we can feel secure from the outside world . it's a slow ... thanks to everyone who replied ! ! ! i love you guys & girls =) i got some refreshing views on my problems , and believe it or not it helped me ^ ^ . the battle with time just started for me , but i'm ... i can say about my side that it's right on track ! perfect examples :) if i would be in her place , i would choose this conflict and be with her . but i'm not her :P . i can't understand why , if she loves me , she can't just , well , not tell her parents that i'm there , and ... hey everyone ! i've been having a hard time for awhile now , and i need some opinions on which road is best to take . thanks for listening and i hope you can all understand me , even with my terrible ... but it is possible :/ in a far away world : s ? now , what can we do about it ? :) soon there :) signing in ! ( as lonely ) and a warm ( hug ) to op =) you know smiling ? i wish i could see everyone around me smiling . =) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3E9Wjbq44E travel all around the world with my girlfriend . learning about new places , trying to help people i'll meet in my adventure , being all the time with the person i love ... just being alive ! i'm trying to help you ! awww she's cute =) you're lucky ! yum ! cold robots :( you people are so mean :P '