' in terms of the big 5 personality traits ( extraversion , agreeableness , openness , conscientiousness , and neuroticism ) , i think agreeableness sticks out to me as being the least heard about . i would ... https://i.redd.it/2k3dzknbaa8z.jpg http://i.imgur.com/VePchKC.jpg i'm a sucker for wholesome memes http://i.imgur.com/ajnDWHj.jpg i'm halfway moved out ! :D in the last couple of hours the following happened : - rmt opens window ( it's 90 degrees out ) and wonders why it's hot in the apt . - rmt also opens back doorway to ... http://i.imgur.com/dnJ45Tr.jpg the one major redeeming part about my place in the summer is that it's on the ground floor and it's always cool inside . but my roommate cooks meat 24/7 , 365 days a year and we keep the windows ... http://i.imgur.com/z9RyTSs.jpg this made me laugh more than it should have ... https://i.redd.it/nqo4u34tjv0z.jpg it mostly comes out in my absurd sense of humor , but also when writing . i think someone who loves their job uses their imagination every hour of the day . i think imagination is worth most ... http://i.imgur.com/rMr4Tfs.jpg co-worker : i'm reading this book called ' the subtle art of not giving a fuck . ' * proceeds to explain the contents of the book up to page 30 for twenty minutes me : my favorite book is man's ... roommate went on a trip to visit his brother . unfortunately , he forgot to leave a check for the last month of rent . in the past , i've reminded him when rent is coming up because he tends to ... now my roommate wants to move out too , because he doesn't want to get a bad roommate for the summer . so i won't sublet my side , my apt . manager will find new tenants , and we'll still get our ... https://i.redd.it/8mf13m7nynxy.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gj9HiIrsuEY sry for the double post but : i'm finishing up my current job , gave my roommate and apt manager 30 days notice i'm going to find a sublet and move out ( i live in a big city , so finding a sublet ... my biggest gripe with extroverts is that 90 % of the time they lack self awareness . like , they don't realize that introverts recharge when they're alone , and extroverts when they're with people . they ... the other day , i wake up at 6:30 to the smell of my roommate cooking his usual potato chorizo hash with eggs , toast , and bacon that he cooks every . damn . morning ( my room is right next to the ... there's a reason i will always return to this website : being an infj is rough . i don't mean to sound defeatist , i'm generally a hopeful person , but encountering people day-in and day-out who ... advice on the internet in a nutshell : google : roommate who doesn't compromise . 1st result : yahoo answers : my roommate doesn't work , eats our food , cranks the heat up to 90 , and smokes crack in ... http://i.imgur.com/R4qOWxV.jpg https://pbs.twimg.com/media/C6-Jh8LXAAA6wZv.jpg:large it's safe to say i will never room with a marketing person again . wanting to remove the cellophane from the window to get fresh air into the apartment quickly became , it's going to be the same ... apparently , there's a craze of people who hate on coffee because it's a drug . i will end you if you try to stop my addiction to my favorite drug ! i know what you mean lol . i've had my fair share of strange roommates . my last roommate was actually a lot of fun , and we had a lot in common . yes , we did things that occasionally bothered one ... i like your idea about having a few drinks with him , though he generally avoids alcohol unless he goes out partying all night . i know some people who just think being loud / obnoxious is part of being ... i sort of do this already to an extent . recently , i've begun frying up potatoes with onions and garlic to spice up the apt . he doesn't like that . but i just can't compete with cooking every . single ... i just don't get it when someone doesn't see any issue with cooking heavy meals like this with strong ingredients / smells . i met him off of craigslist , and i made sure to ask if he does anything out ... i did , unfortunately , but i could find someone to sublease for the summer , probably . if not , my landlord is pretty understanding and i would talk to him . i just have a really difficult time being ... i'm thinking about moving this summer . my roommate is too much . about 3 months in of us living together he quit his full-time job and became a marketing freelancer . he does this 2-3 times a week , ... nvm i wish i were more intrepid , and that i had more friends who read books or watched documentaries ( but also weren't snobs about it ) . nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and conscientious stupidity . - martin luther king , jr additionally , this passage from the opening of the brothers karamazov comes ... nvm http://i.imgur.com/8ptRuSp.png roommate vent #5879 : i tried to turn on my tv this morning with the remote . i press the on / off button about 10 times , moving the sensor this and that way . i take off the battery cover and lo and ... oh no ! ! ! lmao skip to about 10 seconds in . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gx-enD42J6w reisiger , i've always respected your opinion because of how compassionate you are when talking with others and dealing with others ' problems . i have wondered , at the same time , how you deal with it ... http://www.mememaker.net/static/images/templates/759494.jpg the blank stare . you're talking with someone , enjoying a topic of a conversation you think you both are interested in . then the other ... man's search for meaning - viktor frankl a grief observed - cs lewis all the light we cannot see - anthony doerr the chosen - chaim potok the last battle - cs lewis the best short stories of ... this made me think of a quote from the book freakonomics ( they're talking about why parenting experts make bold statements and contradict each other so often ): the authors go on to say ... been feeling like a bit of a loner lately . this quote from an article in the guardian helped : http://i.imgur.com/Kv9PknC.jpg probably one of the more obnoxious things people ( extroverts ? ) i know do: 1 . i'm wearing headphones , listening to music / a podcast / it's my way of saying , don't disturb . ... i think it's pretty dumb when people call critically acclaimed things boring or not entertaining and all of the sudden that becomes a valid reason to completely avoid something . it's one thing ... so not to get into anything too personal , but there were several instances where i clearly said that's not cool , or this is frustrating to me , and yet i felt like he wasn't listening ( cooking raw ... thank you for explaining this . i work with kids with add / adhd and even 3rd graders dodge the topic :) . i don't mean to , like , judge my roommate and say he's a bad person or anything for not telling ... the topic of adhd came up with my roommate last night . i was talking about kids i work with , and he said , i went to a doctor , and was diagnosed with a mild case of adhd . which , sort of surprised ... a few months ago one of my closest friends told me , you have a big red button on your back after i told him some of my concerns with some of our mutual friends . what he said resonated with me . i ... '