' although you pissed most of the test away , you did have a few really good answers . we all know you peed in the pool just the general feeling of being different from the mundane sheep of humanity and having better understanding of theory over menial detail . the only reason you should have real social angst is ... well if anyone could be more mechanically intj than me , you take the cake . i appreaciate your answers . you seem to have a well developed apathy gear for the subjects that do not interest you . i simply mean that your perspective may be a bit too critical . discouragement is something that can manifest from withing or from outside influences . i learn differently than many other people . it ... i think you are a bit off on your reasoning . interest is the subjective key that we all hold in our hands . i have a preset collection of subjects that i enjoy . some of them come natural , while others ... i know this may be a dumb question , but could you explain ; is a “ wrong ” act okay if nobody ever knows about it ? no . legally ? there was no wrong act committed . now i really want to pull from ... well , i may be a bit different than the others in this response . i understand i must live in an environment that may readily reject me or attempt to alter my personality to their ideals of norm ... if i were to rewind my brain 15 years , i believe our answers would be identical . like most 17 year oil intjs , your ideal on the tangible world is on the advanced conceptual side . the reason why ... nothing stolen . one of the things that we do is utilize explosive devices . the job called for x amount of units . the customer pays for that many units . at the end of the job , all of the equipment ... well , that is kinda the thing . through the process of many small moves , i created the scenario . the trap was supposed to be just a test for me to verify my suspicions . sadly , my assumptions were ... not all atheists are judgmental pricks not all christians are stupid fickle ecumenical zombies it does not go against my moral code , but it does go against my personal ethics . ( if that makes sense ) in essence it is not the what i am doing that is concerning . in fact since i have had a ... rhetorical abilities of the parties will dictate the individuals ability to force the other to be on the defense . yeah i have had many elitebooks . i have abused them greatly and they kept on trucking . i currently use a zbook and am well pleased , but i want one for my home that i will not travel much with . it depends on the model really . lenovo has used plastic in the past to reduce production costs . so , performance wise , you could have a laptop with comparable specs at a reduced price . i believe all ... nah , no bridges burnt . i just chose not to stick my neck out for someone who intentionally gave me the shaft . the report i filed was a routine report that has no he did this in it . i report to a ... if i did not have some emotional skin in the game , i would not be doing anything . i also know that i have been wrong in character judgments in the past , so that was the original intention of the ... the concern is the exposure to the company . if the discrepancy were found by the local authorities , we would lose our license . that wold mean people from the vp down + / - 300 people would lose their ... i understand the organic sci-fi thriller viewpoint many people take when we talk about cloning . it indeed is not a concern of min that there are factual gaps . i do not believe for a point to be ... well , any excessive use of the word love is awkward . i just see things a bit more coldly , it is not your fault . in my book , a white lie is a lie . i don't hold it against people for lying , i just ... the m5000m is geard for static graphical work ( cs6 , solid works , video editing ) whereas the gtx series is geared toward gameplay . they work similarly , but are better suited for different tasks . also , ... nah , that's why i hate myself afterwards . it is the fact the i do enjoy the plot coming to fruition . that is the problem . the fact that i recognized a behavioral pattern and put so much plan into ... this is a very common issue for intjs . although it is also common for a good bit of introverts . the only person i like being around is my wife , but there are times that i need to isolate myself . when ... it is not me who will fire him . if anything , i am choosing not to lie for him . inadvertently , that will get him fired . i really appreciate you input . it is logically sound . the issue is that you do not let a weed grow in a healthy garden . you cannot just rip it out either . things must be done delicately . the thing is ... agreed . see the issue is he is an isfj that has gotten his way for so long . not to speak poorly of isfjs , but when they get used to something working a certain way , then that is just the way it is ... wow , man , that is a pretty rough story . glad he got taken care of ... it is not that i want the guy to be fired , i view him as a continued liability that can cause larger problems in the region , and for myself . i am not proud of and take no pleasure in this , but i see ... ? but why ? with advancements in biosynthetic mapping . we are beginning to be able to 3d print ( for lack of better words ) organs . also , the process of cloning is not like the movies . we do not have ... so , yeah . i am having a pretty bad day . i am about to do something that ultimately i will dislike myself for even more , but it has to be done . i am going to get someone fired . this employee is one of ... great answers clumsy . i kinda feel like i just got puked on by a rainbow , but don't worry , i will recover . as for some of you answers more specifically . how do you know your perceptions are real ? ... see ? we can completely agree in some areas ! i do the same thing with tasks . but , if i think someone is unhealthy for me to be around ( emotionally , physically , professionally ) , the door is slammed , ... well intjs seem to have expansive knowledge in what they have expressed interest in . how the function stack is set up for us , we generally lean more toward the maths and sciences . but , in no means ... this is really a trait we share with you guys . sometimes if i am not even confident in my understanding on something , i will argue the issue . i usually am not doing this prove i am right , it is more ... no debate really needed . narcissistic personality disorder is a recognized disorder . npd is really a symptom of another larger issue like more traditional depressive disorders . this condition ... 8gb is fine if you are not running memory intense applications , of many larger programs at a time . newer programs are better at resource management than the past . i would definitely take the upgrade ... good thing about lenovo is consistent quality . i like their yoga series for portability . sadly there are only a few companies out there with desktop components ( not mobile versions ) . it really does ... i am looking at a few custom laptops , and i am always up to input . i will list what i need , and what i am looking at . please let me know if you guys know of anything better . needs : aside from ... it is a micro controller controlled by c + + it is literally the best builder platform out there ... thanks , i think ... : wink : thanks for the feedback , i look forward to seeing your answers ! thank you for your input . debate is not as much about the subject being debated as it is the people debating it . i believe the mundane subjects usually allow the parties to show their creativity ... those are all good suggestions . as moderation on this specific debate , i was more concerned with getting it kicked off , but definately for the next topic , i think they would be great additions . redriley wiz mr . riley , given mr . wiz's viewpoint on social development being critical in teenage years . would you feel like the work environment has a positive or negative affect on the ... thank you mr . redriley . the venue now recognizes mr wiz for his opening statements thank you mr . trump , you can sit down now : exterminate : thank you , well if redriley accepts the terms , the floor is his for opening statements . nah , i don't code at work for work . but i write to improve and test some personal projects i have at home . ( arduino ) . better than scrolling 9gag at work , when someone walks up to your computer , they ... well , being that you guys present as relatively progressive individuals , it seems that the only true divisions you have currently stated would indeed be should students have an after school job if ... hah ... ahhah ... oh stop , my stomach hurts from laughing at you . since when are intjs so whiny and touchy feely ? omg , turn off your fise please ! but what about the animals , how do they feel ? well i ... '