' we've exchanged i loves yous and everything . i just don't wanna freak him out . - even though he really doesnt mind clinginess which continues to baffle me everyday . he straight up said that he wished ... yeah he told me himself . he says it's too long distance . but he doesn't want to lose me either . i'm trying to sway he him logically to my side , and convince him that we would work out in along ... he's in britain , i'm in america . he's the most perfect human being i've ever met in my life , and my best friend , so - i can't lose him . ok you brilliant entjs . i am in desperate need of your infallible logic . i'm suuuper hardcore in love with an entj . even though he's an entj , his f is pretty prominent ( for example : he likes eskimo ... someday my prince will come . those fuckers over at disney ! with my personal experience it has been much harder being an f girl versus a t girl , because i've grown up in an stj dominated household . i would consider myself pretty borderline when it comes to f ... i feel like infps just got ten times more into intellectual shit in this thread .. lolz anywho im into a playful touchy kind of guy , thats a good listener , average intelligence , funny , manly , family ... one time this guy really liked me and we were texting everyday for a week or two , then he started saying shit like i'm gonna punch u in the boob , or he would talk about getting me pregnant , and he ... being pretty is a curse and a blessing cuz - yes u get a lot of attention , but if you're really pretty , guys are too afraid to ask you out and you're always soo paranoid . cuz u never know if anything ... it's strange because .. i've kind of just come to the conclusion that i will never get what i want . i've always just wanted to fall crazy stupid in love and have everything just work out . but that shit ... story of my life to a t . my mom is an istj and i'm 17 . there is alot of love / hate . she's my best friend and my worst enemy . it's really tough . i also have an estj sister and she despises my istj mother also . growing up , me and my sister hated each other . and i mean hated each other , but last summer we spent a weekend in vegas and realized ... ok basically my mom shit a brick because she didn't like that a sandwich was in my trash . btw i love hearing you talk about istj family members . it makes me feel alot better . :) it just frustrates me ... ok . so me and my mom got into a huge argument . i was taking a shower and our 2 month old , un-potty trained puppy ate a sandwich from my trash can . then my mom proceeded to tell me that she was ... this is seriously me and my best friend to a t . creepy i had to figure out my mbti type sophomore year for the required course : christian leadership lol ( oh he irony , considering im agnostic ) and at first i thought i was an infj enfj - the teacher you scored 75 i versus e , 40 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 80 j versus p ! your ideal partner is known as the teacher . this type needs to feel a deep and meaningful connection ... - i laugh in my sleep - my mom is strong and dependable - i like the quality friendships i maintain esfp - lol what ? : o aw ! (: thats so nice . same boat but i'm a girl . im top ten percent in popularity and looks too . but i'm more cynical and sarcastic around my friends .. seriously though dude , listen to me , if your deep , pensive , loving , and ... i read somewhere that the character that rachel mcadams plays in the notebook is an infp . this cracks me up . i feel so cliche , but when i watch some of the things she does-they are so something i ... im the same way . i love dexter , and learning about the psychology of serial killers damn . ok you guys are right . (: i fucking love you people . its important to have your first kiss at a reasonable age because , you look around at other people your age who are mature enough enjoy things like that . and then theres you , sitting there like a ... i am officially a 17 year old lip virgin . how did this even happen ? i'm pretty sure that i'm not ugly and guys have asked me out .. but i always say no cuz i can't trust anybody to save my fucking ... dude ur me with a penis . no lie . i was super infp when i was little and now im heading toward intp . its kinda sad . i have ordinal linguistic personification synesthesia ( olp ) its where i associate genders , personalities , ages , and colors with ordinary things like the alphabet , numbers , subjects , days of the week , ... i've taken numerous classes on christian theology , and the history of the christian religion . i spent 10 years in christian and catholic private schools , and i come from a catholic family - and all ... ha ! interesting thread . ok-a man : is brave , protective , caring , intuitive , and rational . - bam perfect man right there . i tumble for the win . i love it . tumblrians have the best sense of humor (: pffft ... enfj for the win . : cool : http://taylor-lautner.net/gallery/albums/Television/2010/LG%20Star%20Ambassidor%20Promotions/normal_06.jpg taylor lautner because of personality and looks . if you watch his interviews , he's such a ... i want to be able to enjoy a random hookup because i care about everything , and i wish if just for a millisecond . i didn't . and i could be free from anxiety , worry , paranoia , and just be in the ... i would say mine was june 3rd 2004 when i was 9 and my crush of four years chose me , the nerdy lovesick puppy over some other girl that was more popular . :p roud : i am absolutely terrified of dating . i just cant trust anybody and my mom is freaking out cuz she thinks im going to die alone - or that im a lesbian . like .. in my head i know that guys aren't ... i cant walk in a straight line either ! lolz we hate math because it has nothing to do with imagination or creativity . its all hard facts and systems , and we hate those . well it depends on where i am i guess . but i agree with yeahyeahyeah , i'd probably ask for directions . what i got from it was that it didnt matter if the top was still spinning , or if he was dreaming or not dreaming . dom was at peace . holy crap . its me . : o the one i kno is kinda stuck up and bitchy , she actually uninvited me from her party , which bugged me cuz i basically hang out with her everyday , been nothing but a good friend , and i just didnt ... well what pisses me off about my parents is that they assume that my reasoning behind things is invalid all the time . but all of my decisions have a reason behind them . the reason i turned down that ... never in a million years when i was little did i ever think i'd smoke weed , but here i am . i've done it twice and when i take the facts about marijuana versus the world wide perception of marijuana , ... tumblr is awesome http://thenocaregirl.tumblr.com/ i was born on the exact same day as him too . april 4th . this is kind of eerie . i just found out two other infps have the same birthday as me : o ... i feel like valentines day is the universes way of laughing at me . bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha . love love love this . this is exactly like me . i always think that guys just wanna pull a hit and run on me . but they're human too . they've been hurt , they love their families , and they were little kids once . my mind just ... that numbness and the mental fog , u feel lazy , and just wanna stare at the wall , and think about negative shit . i kno that feeling . '