' happy birthday , space ! then i took a post to the knee . its has nothing to do with intelligence . i don't think she's all that smart . shes perceptive of underlying information . she puts together new information based on what is , without having to be ... anyone saying estp has a very shallow understanding of mbti , and furthermore , of women's issues in our society . shes clearly an entp by the way she thinks , and cognitive process is the basis of ... damn it , foiled again ! / me heads back to nigeria hello perc ! do you want to be part of some sort of chain letter style recipe thingy ? give me your email address and i'll copy you on it . basically , its one of those silly chain emails , but ... safety and defense are a need you have as a conscious being . many people in a civilized society forget this need and neglect to tend to the aspects of themselves that would secure their own safety ... i've noticed now that my whole life i've lived with other people . either family , roommates , or acquaintances . now , i've been left by myself in these situations plenty and have been absolutely fine ... just a repost from another gentleman on a website i visit . thought i would share with you all . fuck you gifbin . i guess we don't get no booty poppin ! i asked you if you wanted to come get sushi with me , and you replied , ( and i quote ) nah nigga , i got moves to make on dis hurr forum . to which , i was acutely confused . what are these moves of ... thats because you're an infp , not an admin . is there a function to delete my perc account ? if not , can an admin please delete my account ? i beg to differ on intjs being grinches . maybe a handful are like your classic grinch , or the new rendition grinch ... but those would by and large be exceptions . every intj i've met has been a ... happy pc birthday , tree ! my housemates cat is an isfp . shes not the smartest kitty , doesn't really have many voalizations other than the one ... but she loves her some attention . i don't gots pix ... never thought to take ... lol the op reminds me of this : .. : things my boyfriend says : .. mom : infp dad : intj the more i understand mbti the more i notice instances where it does not seem flexible or thought out well enough . on the one hand , i enjoy that there is a psychological backing to it all . it ... i'm saying that anyone who makes a statement as broad as i feel bad when i lie is lying . i promise promise promise you that person has lied before and not felt bad about it . what that person is ... i just posted in another thread about lying . one has to understand what constitutes a lie . a lie is anything that is not the full truth . you can lie and not even know it or mean to lie . ... we are not the same . i am a martian . no . not my pet . if my survival depended on it , and the situation was appropriately dire , i could eat a wild dog . why not cats ? because i like cats more than dogs . that and they don't have enough ... a little perspective about me before i give my opinion . i'm an entp 7w8 in my late 20s . i know for certain i'm an entp because my dominant function is ne and my auxiliary function is ti . i know ... 1000 ! now can you get over 9000 ? hey there , this is amun-ra from entporg and infp globalchatter ( where the heck did that place go ? ) a friend of mine suggested i sign up here since i have more free time . i tried coming by the ... '