' this is simple ... convert into a sloth . whoosh ! done , now you can't physically leave the house :) we're not lagging , everyone's just going too fast . we're creating a 1000 word opinion and i believe we deserve some praise . yes , i do this more often than i should . i'm so sorry about this . i have absolute no experience about dating ... but i hope what i say will help . i think the fact that you cried is good . it shows your emotions and emptiness , it just feels ... every infj is different . i know one that is usually in her room watching anime or drawing on that electronic pad ... but i'm usually outside ... so if you want to find me , look at every backyard around ... hahaha ! ! ! you know what's so funny ... whenever i'm with my best friend ( who is a lovable enfp ) and i don't want to do something , she hits me and says don't be so stupid ! then i go do it ;) some ... when i was younger , i felt like my gut was wrong . but when i was older and i see the truth , i wasn't technically wrong , it was just a slight detail i didn't get right . also , it makes it harder when i ... oh god ! my esfp sister has an estp friend and he is hilarious as beep . he loves to look good and he has lotion on him at all times for the ladies . i swear , i burst out crying because he is so ... well , yes . there were times at school , rumours would go around about something i did or something i said . if people didn't believe me , i would just reply the truth will come out . then i would walk ... whoa xd haha ! ! ! it didn't take me that long to forget about it ... my dad would tutor me for math when i was little . let me tell you , it was brutal . even my mom said that she didn't know how i ... man ! you guys are lucky , my school doesn't allow to kill a mockingbird ... because it has some vulgar language . my book list : catcher in the rye never let me go the picture of dorian gray i have ... oh yes ! my enfp friend is dating an entj . he comes to me for advice and let me tell you , some things he wants to do for her is so fuzzicles , it makes me grin ... and it's hard to make me grin . you're relationship sounds like my relationship with my father at an early age . i felt that he ripped all of my dreams and it was kinda hard . when i got older , i learned that he means well . so maybe ... ahh yes . well , some people don't admit at first . you could only wait i'm just wondering how do you know if they committed a crime such as sleeping with a married person if they deny it ? i know you ... i want to clarify that i still believe that the person should have consequences for his / her actions . no doubt . i also admit , in my early stages , i have ignored my friends because of what they have ... okay , from what i am hearing , it could be introverted feeling . because you realized someone has broken a value you deeply believe in , you start to distrust them . it is a subconscious judging function ... we need chairs ! that's the only way i could play this game : ( possibly in real life ) also , chairs are the most convenient ladders ... i need them ... this is in no particular order : ( i only have five favourites so ... ) the big bang theory modern family ( oh cheesy goodness ) friends the simpsons 24 ( love this one ! ) uhclionaish aww thanks for the flattery ! but in all honesty , i don't feel that being an infj is perfect . my enfp best friend found me actually . we went to the same school but we had different ... i developed my emotional intelligence by watching people . it sounds scary but depending on how people react , i figure out how they feel . to control any feelings of mine , i tell it to someone . because ... yes , yes . i've been there and done that . i had a lot of complications with my problems . but actually , i realized from my therapist that it was my less developed functions was being suppressed . i had ... i have an infp neighbour who is a few years older than me . we used to hang out a lot and i remember when we had play time , it was the craziest time of my life . at first , we played some spy game ... i have an esfp sister and an enfp best friend ! i can tell you , i feel like fi separates everything as either good or bad . there is no in between , i had an argument with my enfp friend about ... whoot ! welcome to the club ! :) i agree because to be honest , i would throw it ... ( i don't really care about my purse ) i'm a j though . umm ... i'll try to come back with a question . * gives an official handshake * welcome to the weird club :) my mother and my best friend are esfj . they aren't shy to showing how much they love you ! if i need some love , i'll get 200 % more than i needed . even though my esfj loved ones and i may argue , it is ... my sister is an esfp . for starters , my family calls her snoop dog because she's able to find things we don't want her to hide or have been missing forever . shopping isn't a good idea for her because ... i'm guessing that the functions were the result of a cognitive functions test . i would advise to ignore all of that and research on each function . that is the only way to really understand which ... if i were to destroy someone , i would like most infj's destroy people psychologically because my body type is the equivalence of a small puppy . however , anybody despite of type , can turn to their ... i would rather be nice and kind all day because i know it is right , not because i would want to change someone . if i really want to make a difference in the world and change people , i think it is ... no , no . we just choose not to remember the useless stuff :) mary poppins by p . l travers . yes yes , only when i'm close to my enfp friend ... god dammit , i feel like i have to compete with her loud voice all the time :) looking at this forum is such a bad idea ... because it's more than hilarious ! to be honest , i thought so too or it could be because i'm biased ;) as in okay okay , we need to have a long lunch break before we can continue :P i have friends that are estj but we cannot stand in a room together for a really long time . we would go a tad nuts if we ... well , from personal experience ... i know i am terrible with estjs . it's the saddest fact of my life . i can only talk to them for like an hour then both estjs ( that i know ) and i will stop and say ... disney has done it . they have completely placed the main character ( in sixteen different movies ) to one of the personality types ... all you guys can now find out whether or not your predictions ... hehehe ... i am always embarassed if people compliment me ... but a good good job is fine :) you'll get me all blushy ... ;) omg :) this makes you interesting . if you love your job and it's not one of the typical personality career , you go for it ! i find having a different type going into a career field they love gives a ... i agree with the tendency to keep an outer layer to cover inner motives . but from the infp difference can make me seem as an infp , i intentionally embarrass myself in order to be in the group . i ... mom : esfj dad : intp you guys probably know :) a big thing i have learned is to respond to situations faster such as a joke or a question . i still have that long still look of uhhh ... but it isn't as long as it used to be :) ironically enough , because none of my friends ever had a boyfriend , we never discussed the boyfriend talk . makes my life so much easier . b - ) when i was little , i had a favourite book called the button book . it was a counting book to see how many buttons are there . everyday , when i go to preschool , go into my corner and count all of the ... i think it's because the bully feels a lot of pain also . people need to control in their lives so for the bully to control their own life , they control others to finally feel control . it's the same ... idk , it's whatever i imagine to feel like i good in , i'll buy . makeup is usually on my face to hide my terrible zombie eyes from lack of sleep . i'm usually cool in a pair of leggings , a hoodie and a ... it's true to a certain extent . i think i can be acquainted with people generally well . but being a best friend , has gone to another level . i'm just saying , that person has to bring their a game . for ... my dad is an intp so everytime i want something extremely important done , he leaves it off until the day before . not even two days before , the night before the due date . so now , i tell him it's due a ... deja vu ! i just had this thought process a few days ago ! my best friends are esfj and enfj . trust me , they're both soo clingy that sometimes i wished for a repellent . ( shhh ;) ) '