' feels like you're either , istp , infp , isfj , or infj . maybe try & find out your strongest point ? fi / ti are confusing if you can't differentiate the two . i threw in infj / isfj b / c you sound like ... this thread is old , but i am bumping it because i don't want to create a new one . haha . i'm the oldest of 7 children in my family . i only have 1 brother , the rest are sisters . my list of ... okay today i decided to take the cognitive function test over at similarminds . and this just happen . i think the test is ... i am trying to create a johnlock skype chatroom with all the johnlock fangirls / fanboys out there . so if you wanna join please leave me your skype usernames ; u ; bromance / romance view of them are ... i use to think ben is infp , but further more looking at him , the infp function didn't convince me . nifetise is written all over the man's face / body language . just listen to how the guy talks . ... venting about cognitive functions , trying to type cast fictional characters . especially the nite vs tine argument again . no one ever seem to be able to come to an agreement about the difference ... yes , this is why i don't agree with the majority of the intp posts , and have a tendency to think everything is stupid / / bricked . why hello there enneagram . intp with enneagram tritype : 1w2 , 7w8 , ... i have infp sister . and a couple of infp friends who are all girls . but i'mma talk about my sis first . i don't talk much to her at all . when she does talk , she talks on forever , and i just ... whats you're impression on it ? have you guys used omegle before ? omegle : talk to strangers ! i just tried it today , and to the least , i'd say . i really don't like it . it's not as fun as it ... oh you're right she is a he . lol . i was scrolling to fast and instead saw the girl gender sign : tongue : exactly , that is why i said you have to remember that what people consider deep to ... aww come on , leave her alone . : laughing : she's expressing herself . just because that's how she present herself , doesn't necessarily mean she treats them like one , nor does it mean she thinks of ... ludi woah , i think my thought just malfunctioned trying to process what you just wrote haha . : laughing : in a gist , i can't translate nor connect anything to what you've just said . haha . sorry , i ... beauty thank you for you insights . i do believe i hold very much of the intj arrogance & the infj perfectionism . i've taken the test many many times . many test from different ... i'm pretty positively sure i'm intp , but i just can't help but relate to many things on the infj profile . when i decided to lurk in their forum for the past 2-3 weeks . for jcf : i scored intj , ... just curious , on how you guys were like as kids ? were you loud , & social ? quiet and shy ? i'm really curious . as for me , when i was younger , though i show respect , and am quiet majority of the ... haha yeah , i'm not a huggy person either . i'm okay with it , but its just so awkward . the only hugs i'm giving to is my beloved little baby sister . well okay she isn't a baby .. she just turn 10 today ... uh .. just cause i score 29 , does not mean i'm not empathetic .. i just .. prefer not to be ; w ; ... i mean .. you're not really important in my life anyways .. or are you ? / / bricked . lol , this test is ... as for me . i would use - / / gets bricked for showing up in a istp forum . i wanted to download a certain bl manga ... from a certain forum ... but only registered members are allowed to see the download links , and so i decided to join out of desperation . i wanted to type ... sounds exactly how my infp sister and her enfp / isfj friends the moment they get together x ) . its annoying period they feel so butt hurt , even when the confrontation is little , man . its not even ... oh really ? lol not all intp are nerdy though . mind telling me why they get on your nerves ? xd misterd haha that zelda catch theme . i can't stopping laughin ! xd ! ! ! it matches what you say too well xd talking about drugs now are we ? xd how'd we get from trying to find the where about of people's hiding cave to drug usage . oh wait i think i know how . people hiding place = hiding place of ... eh really ? for me , i like hand-eye coordination . xd ; ; but i guess that's just me . but since i'm not a sporty person , i prefer easier activities that's not rough on the body like tennis , ... ^ lol oh no , you don't look cross eye ! who ever says you are cross eyes needs to check their eye coordination xp ... welcome to the forum potential isfj / isfp . either way i still won't get along with your type . 8D just kidding . studying about personality as a side hobby can get you a head start for reading ... sorry hun , i think you're not quite informed . please do read more carefully before giving out advice that has nothing to do with that i was talking about . thanks old bean . i haven't met all types . and even if i did , i don't know their types so its impossible to give preference . but from the ones i've met so far , i do favor enfp and intj , as friends of course . my ... low comprehension = raging people . hmm how do i write my resume without over kill ... list is getting long ... edit : holy crap its mars attack omigoddd ! ! back then i thought the 3d was scary . but now .. pfft looks funny xd ; you answering your own question that you asked someone else to answer in the same statement , itself , is a fail . : tongue : what is this right you are talking about huh ? i'm just criticizing you . basically the point of the thread ;] oh you're so hurt defending with everything you've got tohohoho . its true psychology plays a huge role you would observe your opponent and make them annoyed & bluff & stuff 8D ; ; ; jerry yang , the winner of 2007 world series poker , was invited to attend as one ... omigod this entire thread itself is a trap . lol how can you guys fall for it ? ! ! xdd ; ; ; created thousands of account and tweet spam him to take the test : 3 will that make you guys happier ? lol oh , if allwing's paper is only good for the last too letter of our mbti then , obviously , you must have been offended for having f on your paper . look familiar almost . oh right , its the f in your ... dude its true . not gonna lie . people be throwing up useful things = u = i even found jewelry once ! pawn it for money haha . you know what , that's kind of true > 3 > ; ; i never read or watch deathnote . mind telling me how you guys came to the conclusion of l being intp ? was it official ? xd ; omigod ! i laughed soo harddd at your list ! i don't know why , but somehow i imaged metal gear in the making . xd hmmm ... should i have toast or egg + ham for breakfast . maruchan ramen cup ... why you have face as logo ... ? omigod ? ! my intj friend does this all the timeee ! ! its so annoying ! ! i would be deep concentration trying to find information / get tasks done , and then he purposely pop out of no where and starts ... ^ you're not the only one who laughed xd ; ; i laughed too the video that is . & isis's post too . you know that is a good team . and if you did find fault or extra things on the ... see above thanks , i was planning to do that , but wanted more input from other users , mainly isfj , just because maybe they might see the situation from a different perspective . teddy 564339 ... ^ lol bump for replies . @ mnis its fun . passively being aggressive towards the people who drives you nut . haha . i do get a kick out of it sometimes . / / shot but if you're asking by ... above its not an issue about me not being clear to her about what i want in a friend . i'm a very straight forward & frank person . she's very clear of what i want in a friend except she ... thanks guys for your input on this . yes , i didn't give in the full detail , because its really complicated , in a simple way . haha . ( if that made any sense ) i don't want biased opinions & ... okay so i just told my isfj friend that , i need to distant from her . and she's acting like the world is gonna end . * looks at the ... xd ! the video was funny xd i like . '