' this got a lot more replies than i expected ? anyway my best guesses luke = istp ( honestly i've gotten istp vibes from him from the start idk why everyone types him as a feeler ? ) ashton = enfj ... my favourite when i need some comforting my absolute favourite band of all time and literal mother also ... animals have always been my favourite thing in the world and my emotional achilles heel honestly it's disgusting how easily i'll cry over an animal haha it's the only thing ( well , also the rip off ... ... is the cute thing directed at me ? what's amusing about female desires ? :P physical : - tall / slim build - nice hair is a must for me , i tend to like lighter and slightly longer hair ; extra points if it looks soft and fluffy - a nice smile / teeth is good too i can be ... - i have a really good memory of details about things important to me ( however i can just as easily forget them when something loses interest / importance to me ) - i'm weirdly nostalgic and attached ... intp ... i broke the dress code and never did homework intp i've had a handful of fictional crushes ; current one is dr chase ( house ) , number one of all time is jim halpert ( the office ) intp and i was sorted into ravenclaw + pukwudgie , my patronus is a fox , and my wand is laurel and unicorn hair ... can't remember the exact length / flexibility at the moment this can definitely be true in some of the larger cities but some are just sketchy all around i wish i could actually count on and trust someone i wish i could play an instrument well , speak a second language fluently , and pull off any hair colour i want without bleach and too dark eyebrows sigh aah , i didn't know that about ti and fi . probably why i've been so stuck . thank you for your input ! i do relate to this a lot actually , intp has been the one type that comes back to me the most . i feel like i can relate to fi a lot as well though , which makes me wonder if infp or enfp is also ... interactive : compare your city's crime to canada's most dangerous places extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 16.1 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) * * * ( 33.3 ) good use whatever you do don't come to alberta lol we're screwed even worse than bc how cliche would it be if i said peeta mellark from the hunger games ? i would literally die for peeta i'm a total baby about animals so i'd recommend my dog skip and free willy it's kind of a funny story , the perks of being a wallflower , and about a boy tend to hit home for me as well been my ringtone for the last seven years  and best of the best ... i literally cannot believe nobody has said bring it on i've bounced between a few different types now , always slightly worried one might fit better than what i've landed on , and it's gotten exhausting haha . i think i've finally settled down now but i'd ... friend told me this morning i'm not like other enfps she knows and i'm now having crisis number 100 about my personality type lmaaoo maybe i should've just stuck with intp female , also 5 ' 0 enfp , my fave is steel blue currently an at home student doing odd jobs at my dad's office , hope to one day be a wildlife veterinarian 24 , grimm , the office for top three probably shoutouts to game of thrones , modern family , and how to get away with murder enfp female you scored 55.833 out of 100 masculine points , 52.5 out of 100 feminine points , and 57.5 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . i took a similar test about a week ago and got the ... my first type from a test was intp . clung to that for a bit until i started reading more about mbti theory and in particular functions , and it started to feel not quite right . bounced between a few ... you're standing in line at your local supermarket , and some teen cuts in front of you . what would you think inwardly ? do outwardly ? inwardly i'd think what a damn brat lol , outwardly i'd probably ... hello ! ! personal ~ * name - what do you prefer to be called ? sydney - any nicknames ? one person calls me syd ? but sydney is fine * male / female / trans ? female location - where were you ... i can ramble occasionally if i think it's critical to illustrating my point but idk , i think i get the sense that whatever's obvious to me goes without saying . i have occasionally been told i'm too ... ^ aw man i definitely have the opposite problem . i often struggle to adequately articulate what i'm truly thinking at all , unless it's a topic i think i deeply understand . teachers seem to think i'm ... “ of course it is happening inside your head , harry , but why on earth should that mean that it is not real ? ” “ if you want to know what a man's like , take a good look at how he treats his inferiors , ... yeah i made a couple but i didn't get that many responses that were helpful and i'm not sure i still like my answers haha . i'm tempted to try one of the socionics questionnaires instead because i ... i have looked into it but i'm not convinced i'm fi dom . i could just be missing or misinterpreting something though . not convinced i'm high up se either , i feel really clumsy with it and don't ... i relate to a lot of this . i do have high values and standards , but i'm not generally showy about them . i prefer to keep myself in line rather than worry about other people , unless they're someone ... nah i get what you mean . i'm not sure i completely relate though ? i might and just not be able to recall any specific situations right now . like sometimes when i think about it bodies are really ... i'm not 100 % sure of anything at this point . introversion i've felt most strongly about though . i've always been very reserved and self contained , i tire out and get annoyed very easily if i'm ... hmm .. that's possible . i think it's more feeling overwhelmed having to actively pay attention to so many things at once rather than an explicit fear something might go wrong if i drive . like i need ... i was always under the impression ne was more about picking up on and expanding ideas rather than paying attention to physical realities . really ? in what way ? because i've considered it but something about it just doesn't sit right with me . derail is fine with me , i just want to figure this out really . i'm not sure where to start with questions or info though . i guess i could elaborate on why i think i have inferior se ? for a while i ... i relate quite a bit to inferior se i think so that makes sense . thanks for the input . i don't think it was a desire to understand them or get into their skin . i don't know how to explain what it was , but i really don't think i'm high up fe . fi is possible but honestly i think it was ... i'm not sure what my motivation was for liking certain things to be honest , i just did and when i did i wanted to be part of it . maybe i was bored of just being plain ol ' me , i don't know . also ... '