' this ! i live for knee high socks . i have a couple pairs of argyle ones too . i wear them all the time ! as far as overall fashion ... i'm a bit all over the place as far as category . i lean toward ... i'm glad i'm not the only one ! i get teased a lot about laughing at everything , but i genuinely find most jokes funny . if i find it really funny i'll tear up . that happens most times , and very ... it sucks . trust me . especially for a sensitive isfj such as myself ... not fun . too straining of work for not enough recognition . luckily it's only a part-time job while i'm in school ... you know ... yay isfj ! welcome . :) check out our section of the forum ! we're all still trying to figure ourselves out too , so no worries ! a good one to check out is the you know you're an isfj if ... thread , ... i noticed on that list that garfield is entp . oh , the irony , haha ! thanks , trigun ! i understand exactly what you mean . it's sad that our sacrificing nature is so taken advantage of , that we are seen as only useful to advance the main character , so to say . it ... ugh . i hate the techno . i'm not a fan at all of this song . i adore linkin park , i have for about 6 years . i have all of their songs from hybrid theory ep to minutes to midnight ... but this techno ... i'm very curious of this statement . what kind of examples were you referring to ? ( i'm a broadcast journalism major ... i'm always extremely interested in how people are viewed through the media . ) :) i'm pretty sure my dad's istj . he's definitely very relaxed ... he was the one , when i was younger , that i would go to to ask favors because he usually responded , yeah go ahead , it's not like it ... just curious , what are some strengths you all think we introverts have in contrast to extroverts ? example : extroverts have the advantage of talking easily with others , while ( most of the time ) ... so what's a walking failed ' lifetime ' moment ? : mellow : i see that ad all the time . i read it through not too long ago and it really pissed me off . like most of you had said , i think people like the advertiser don't realize that people like us ... like the tv channel lifetime ? i was most excited about the intp , i think , because it reassures some of the many questions i've had about the intp i've been interested in for a while ... n / s , t / f , and j / p - supplement - like ... source : mbti relationship matrix | life as a project isfj profile just something i stumbled upon that i found interesting . all the types are related to isfj ( obviously ) and are put ... i'm curious as to why fours may be a rarity for isfjs ? i'm no master at enneagram so any thoughts are appreciated . my tri-type is 4-1- 5 , i think . i see a lot of 6 too . maybe i'm just a weirdo , ... haha ! my roommate is esfj and i never even thought about how true this was . the only times she's online is when she's skyping with her boyfriend or playing the next cooking game on facebook . i ... the one entp i know is someone i don't talk to much , but alas he's the only one i can think of . we can talk with each other easily . i find what he says really interesting . the opposites thing ... ooh , ooh , i'm a four ! :) of course , i didn't mean it as i have to feel obligated to help . but for her to make a generalization that i won't ever stand up for her just because i didn't that one time is what made me upset . ... i've been told that i come across as stuck up at first . naturally it hurt my feelings , but after some introspection i realized that it's because i'm not as outgoing as most people i worked with . if i ... argh . double post . i'm sorry , forum gods ! isfj alert , isfj alert ! :) basically , she thought i was obligated to defend her just because we were a group of 4 , even though her situation had nothing to do with me . i felt guilty because it's my friends , so i felt like it ... story of my life . too many thoughts floating around in there , no good enough ways to vocalize them ! hmm . i wouldn't necessarily put the blame completely on myself , especially if i don't know the whole situation between you two . i would be upset about the fighting , but if it continued then yes , i ... yeah , i'm working on learning that . :) i think that's one of the big things us isfjs have to work toward , is learning how to accept that just because there's unrest , it's not our fault , nor our ... i'm a 19 - year-old female who has an odd liking of copy-editing things . the first thing i ever read was a newspaper , i think it was destiny . i play the saxophone , but only for marching band . i'm ... i know i constantly like to keep the peace , so i'm mostly taken advantage of in that aspect . as in , can you do this for me ? if you don't , it'll disrupt the peace , and it'll be your fault . recently , ... ( i ) ( n ) ( f ) i've read that esfps are our ideal match . two of the people i hold closest to me are esfps , so i could see that working out . i also think enfjs would be a good match . my best friend is enfj and ... i dream of traveling the world , country-to-country , doing freelance journalism , and i'll be damned if it doesn't happen ! i'm too ambitious for my own good sometimes ! best of luck to you ! i know we have the n / s difference , but this has crossed my mind plenty of times . i feel like ixfj pisceans are the ultimate otherworldly type . of those points above , i'm absolutely a daydreamer ... i claim her for the isfjs ! yeah , i'm not touchy-feely at all with people i'm not completely comfortable with , so her being that way is definitely a sign that she cares about you ! isfjs like to work in the woodwork , that ... i'm seriously sitting here right now trying to think of the reason why i don't like shoes . it's hard to put into words ! :{ i know it was just a random post , though it is quite funny how it actually turned out to be something in common between us all . :) isfj's love of barefeet comes from our ... f ... which ... i've heard horror stories about those two ! i've played the original ff a couple of times and it was pretty difficult , so i can only imagine what the sequels are like . just bought xii today , ... i like ff8 much better . four discs of amazing . personally i want to play every ff game at some point . my suggestion : play the dramatic ffs first , then cleanse your palate with ffx - 2 , haha ! there's something liberating about going outdoors barefoot ! as often as i can i walk across my campus without shoes , especially when it rains ! let's chalk this up to isfj-ness : not wearing shoes ! i've always thought the world would be much more fun if we didn't wear shoes ! of course , only if the surfaces underneath us weren't so dangerous . my shoes are always the first things to come off ... wow ! i literally blogged about this topic on tumblr 12 hours before you posted it on here . i'm wondering the exact same thing about myself . when i get upset , i get upset . i become the complete ... naomi misura from death note ? when the van was falling in the water for like 45 minutes i thought i would have an aneurism . my esfp best friend was freaking out about the visuals while i was just stressing about keeping all the ... i don't know about tori spelling ... but i'm super pumped about michael cane and julianne moore . cane is a boss and julianne is one of the most beautiful ladies in hollywood . i was always real jealous ... it is kinda funny that he returned to his kids in the exact same position he left them in . maybe it's his mind trying to fill in the gap ? or maybe it's just the director screwing with us ... who ... i'm pretty confused by this one , it's something i've never heard before . is this maybe an instance with one isfj in particular ? i wouldn't really say the part represents the whole in this case ... ... i think he was in reality . the top wouldn't have started dwindling if he was in limbo , it would have just kept spinning with the same speed . i think the reason the director did that was so we as ... my main problem with when i see these posts is that there doesn't seem to be a solution to either side . if we hold in our negative emotions , we're being evasive and difficult to talk to . however , ... '