' persons who know me well don't mock my predictions , they listen to them i'm currently obsessed with mesopotamia , i'm currently reading the epic of gilgamesh , making searches about their culture and i even found a website to learn sumerian writing and language . besides ... i'm pretty much the same as op : even if i dislike insects and spiders , i just can't kill them or i'll feel bad about it . when i see spiders , i just think that it's a sign that the air in the house ... i'm not fond of sports , but i do enjoy working-out ( even if it's difficult for me ) . also , as rugby is a big thing in my region and my family ( one of my brothers even plays it ) , i do hold an interest ... when i will be old , i will definitely be that lone cat lady :D my former flatmate had two cats when we were living together , and there was one who i particularly like since he's such a huge fluffy ... the king of heroes ! <3 fish mooney from gotham , too * puts on my most beautiful lace dress * i am ready , honey <3 thanks for your answer , it's very interesting . if someone does things for you , like making you little gifts , would it contribute to charm you ? and making them laugh too , maybe . well , it's me ... hello people ! i wanted to ask you sweeties for an advice : how can i appear charming to an infp ? there is one whose heart i'd like very much to gain > . < thanks in advance i like this one : 3 emotionally damaged infp huh .. interesting , i did wonder about my friend's type . i ... many anime fans have either a ' waifu ' or a ' husbando ' ( definition : urban dictionary : waifu ) . what do you think about this ? is there any psychological reason ? for the ones who like watching it , ... not an infj , but i'm definitely a lady . here are my famous crushes : yutaka kobayashi : blushed : david tennant : exterminate : ... i look forward to any notification because i rarely get any lol the answer is always salt . but it may be our only chance to meet , i'm going back to my country in about 2 weeks only as of now . when i first suggested the idea , few months ago , he seemt rather ok with that . i don't see why he ... i have a problem , with a guy i think is an infj . i met him through internet few years ago and we talked a lot through those years , we always got along very well , even if we have argument ... i also hate cooking . i find it to be a loss of time , food is not the subject that interests me the most in life . so , when i'm by myself , i either eat salads either microwave food .. i'm not a person ... i'm not really sure about myself . i do think i'm way too small , a bit too chubby , my eyes are weird , i have big cheeks and i'm not so fond of my nose . but there are other days i think i don't look so ... my answer is the one that answers all questions in the universe . so , it's my answer to all your questions . 42 i also highly dislike watches . however , i do wear a pocket watch because it's classy , i feel like a sir . a teacher can't be constantly looking at their phones , so my pocket watch is helping me a lot . i couldn't get him to do the test , but my guess would be that he's a 6w5 , the description seems to fit him pretty well . thanks everyone for all the advices , it's very helful : wink : how to do it ? my infj friend has lots of problems he can't solve and is stressed a lot about those . he told me everything about those and i tried helping him by trying to find solutions , but i ... i saw a parodic horror movie with a character i do think was an intp : despite being a vampire hunter , he was never at the right place at the right moment and didn't care about his surroudings , lost ... from what i could observe , i know two istj men : my father and a special friend . i generally get along quite well with my father , he influenced me in my thoughts about many things . he likes ... i was a chameleon as well , i wanted to be like others . i was way more sociable than i currently am , i had few friends , a crush . i was shy , more aggressive , had no idea how to dress properly . working for them would allow you to : 288434 in no special order , 5 aren't enough for my favourites : tongue : sherlock true detective supernatural big bang theory dr . who game of thrones hannibal ( despite having not advanced so much ) on other photos , i was seeing this dress as white and gold . but on this one , i see it as blue and gold : laughing : ^ ^ i really liked pride and prejudice : darcy is my type of man ( particularly if he has colin firth's elegance : blushed :) and i envy elizabeth bennet's relationship with him , they go so well together ... istj most interesting person i ever got to talk to , i was pretty fond of him . he's smart , handsome , has interesting views of various things and i knew i could confide in him . not sure if we can ... i don't think it'd be that difficult . i have a very special link with a guy with whom i get my most interesting conversations , because i know i can express pretty much all my ideas to him , yet my ... imagine you just met this other person , and thing went really fast , because you were attracted . but then you notice the lack of this most important quality , and feel frustrated about this . but at the ... i've been told i was ugly . i got insults from my parents , such as being an idiot ( even though they say i want to pass as a know-it-all ) , a good-for-nothing , too fat , selfish , etc . hello , fellow intps , i have some questions . i hope there isn't already a thread about this . well , didn't find any : tongue : if there is any quality you'd absolutely want for your future mate to ... well , for last new year , i was out with a friend and a friend of hers : we wanted to go to a place where there were a celebration for the coming new year at midnight . both girls were dressed very ... when it comes to risk , my judgement is rather weird . i avoid taking any risk , but i somehow still end up having some risked behabiour sometimes : shocked : i'm close friend with a guy who tested as intj , he's a classmate . we get along really well , but he talks a looot , and mostly about videogames he's playing at or a forum he's on . he knows a lot ... yoh asakura from shaman king sakata gintoki from gintama i do think there is a reason to this behaviour , and that you probably did something wrong . i do act aloof and cold with a friend i was close to , before , because she hurt me , but i can't really tell ... i've been listening to celtic music for a long time today ^ ^ there are different kinds of love : what allows to differenciate family love from friend love from romantic love ? what allows someone to understand that they're in love with a former friend ... ? i ... i'm probably wrong , but from my observations , it does seem to me that here , there are quite few intps who're close to istjs o : what exactly did he say he doesn't like about istjs other than them ... if i get ideas about how to destr ... huh , dominate the world , there is no way i would tell it here , some persons may be able to actually do it : shocked : i don't really understand why you would prefer being an intx . personally , i'm usually seen like a weirdo who remains in her own head most of the time and when i talk , others hardly understand what i ... i also have this thirst of knowledge . other than that , giving myself goals and working to reach them motivates me . for instance , if i want to success at my exams , i think about why i need to ... i was at my third year of university , back then , i was still studying literature ( now studying linguistics ) , and a friend on internet asked other friends and me to try the test . i got intj . i did the ... on other forums , i use another username . for some halloween events , we could change our username about something more ' halloween ' , so i took the nyarlathothep name . indeed , nyarlathothep is a god ... i secretly bring a book ( hidden in my clothes ) , and find a corner to read . that or i find a person to talk with the whole event . '