' they might be introverted to a degree like everyone is but since e is in enfp that means that they tend to be more extraverted . bob dylan is one of the most introverted musicians you will find . david ... your not serious about enfp are you ? if bob dylans an e then i have to reconsider everything ive ever known anybody really like this show ? i started watching it on netflix a couple weeks ago and im already on season 5 . i think its super funny . there arent many shows that are laugh out loud funny but this ... i dont think jesse is infp in any possible way . im thinking isfp or istp . to me he is def a i and everyone will agree hes a p . s seems pretty likely too . he is very in the moment . t or f is the most ... japanese culture is on the far introverted side of the spectrum while america is on the far extroverted side . neither are ideal societies in this respect and have alot of problems . there needs to be ... i am currently reading a book called introvert power by laurie helgoe . she had a section talking about introverted and extroverted societies , like japan ( introversion ) and america ( extraversion ) ... ive only watched 3 episodes but i have been reading lenore thomson's book personality type : an owners manual and she explains some of her theories on personality with the characters mulder and ... if jesus wasnt the son of man , then why did he do what he did ? did he vie for power ? did he conspire against government officials in any way ? no . what was his motivation ? why would he lie about that ... the definition of faith is pretty much belief without concrete evidence . im not suggesting people accept god at all . im just arguing against the belief people have that they know there is no god ... much of science is just theory not scientific law yet people believe it like its an undeniable fact . i have nothing against the people that do believe it all like that but its completely ignorant and ... alot of scientific thought doesnt have strict proof either . god would be a science and everything would strictly follow the lines of logic and human reasoning if proof was needed i agree but it doesnt mean we shouldnt be able to believe that a god did do those things . nobody can know everything . i think human beings may be limited to the knowledge thats allowed to them . maybe ... the guy in this video makes sense though . i agree with him for alot of what he says . no im not arguing the god of gaps , thats rediculous . i dont think those questions i raised will ever be answered by human reason and logic . i know that sounds closed minded but i dont think that can ... cold nothingness is still something . particles are still there . it doesnt answer my true question . emptiness is something . where does energy come from ? where do the thoughts in your brain come ... it does depend hugely on environment . i really do think there is a connection to faith and personality types . i think an sp is less likely to be religious and not neccessarily follow their families ... i hear some cynical stuff about catholics . most protestants i talk to really feel strongly against the catholic church . more so than the other way around . yea its one god and one bible but you have ... id say more personal study but ive discussed it with my brother and mom quite a bit . when i went to religion class and all that i didnt learn a great deal or i didnt care as much . id say catholics ... see this is the kind of argument that interests me in discussing the existence of god . most of the time when i talk to people who dont believe in a god , it just annoys me . not because i think they ... also im pretty sure hitler didnt follow catholicism in the least bit . everything he stood for is against catholicism . he was a catholic in title only if he was indeed a catholic . your heart is just as important as your mind . im talking feelings , empathy , compassion etc . in alot of cases the heart is your intuition or gut feeling . its not always right but many gut feelings ... people have used religion to justify their acts more so than in the name of the religion itself even if thats what theyve said . use something thats good and give it evil qualities and interpretations ... i also remember the despair or feeling the despair and the shame that an anonymous stranger went through thats the exact definition i said of empathy . whats your point . i doubt that we can ... are you kidding intjonn or is that a serious analogy about religion ? that was great advice mireya . im glad your feeling better . im going to try that thinking im a wierdo thing because i also try to be perfect . act cool or as chill as possible . i remember when i was ... therapists are there to help you talk things through . help you try to understand what your going through . they dont feel the exact same pain emotionally but they can still feel how horrible it would ... empathy is experiencing someones emotions as your own . its putting yourself in someone elses shoes . sympathy is an understanding of what the person in going through . empathy results easily if youve ... most people , im guessing , know the defintion differences . how about the actual act of both . is there one that is better than the other ? empathy is deeper and more meaningful but if you have a higher ... nice horse head is it love or is it dopamine is it real or just a dream science or a meaning biological or transcendent do i even need to be present is it something deep beyond pure knowledge or does it fit ... haha write away why are so many infp girls so pretty ? mattylad , your not the first person to say that . my 12 year old nephews favorite doctor is eccleston . he was pretty awesome and ill admit it was hard to switch to tennant after him . id have to ... well claude it takes hard work and dedication ha . thanks by the way . its a little spotty at places but i like it too :) i love the traveling in time thing . thats what initially intrigued me about the show . i love how david tennants doctor gets so enthusiastic even in the face of craziness . hes still learning new ... 68512thumbs up68509well hello there 68510let me ponder that thought id say i like david tenant more than ecceleston but they were both awesome . watch any of the old ones ? ive recently been watching dr . who and i have to say its one of the most intelligent shows ive ever watched . scientifically alot of it is hard to explain but its entertaining . im on the 3rd season on ... how can everything be interconnected without a god or without something that connects them . in my opinion theres either a god or theres nihilism . no real connections only percieved connections . i ... sapir that definitely made sense . i get exactly what everybody is saying about not pouring yourself out too much . it would be a turn off for me too ha . great tips though from everyone . they are ... i used have big problems with how i looked because my friends always had girls who liked them while i never ever did as far as i know even when i was a little more confident in the elementary years ... so i was talking to my psychologist and i told him about this site . i also told him about my problems with anxiety around the opposite sex . he said i should come on here and talk to people about some ... are there any infps who live in or around minnesota . i am from rochester minnesota judowrestler 1 . what you just said sheds no light on the conversation . im infp and catholic . i am pretty skeptical of it but i do have an inner feeling of god and i always have . my heart tells me ... who is all from minnesota on this forum and whats your personality type ? im from minnesota and i am an infp . contrary to popular belief we arent all obsessed with hockey and fishing . atleast not me . i think unconditional love is possible . you love your parents no matter what . even if they wrong you and you really disagree with them and they cause you hurt , there still is love in your heart for ... great point on there being north americans who are suffering too . im just saying that the idea of buffets are wrong . what i do may not affect it but if more people were conscious about it as a whole ... this skit goes along with what that comic strip said especially at the end . haha i don't think that buffets are the problem , but are indicative of a problem on a much larger scale with our society and capitalism . still i avoid them as much as i can as it ruffles my ... i dont mean to say that we should feel bad for being happy and fortunate . i do the same thing as you . i am greatful for what i have and realize i shouldnt subtract my happiness cause others are ... '