' eraserhead 1977 it's hard to believe if there is an infp who doesn't like this movie nice taste - - - zoith  they are the easiest prey for mbti's propagandas . thank for they ne ( curiosity ) and fi ( melancholic ) imho :) does external link couldn't work on perc ? be patient , gonna fix it asap :) 126329 1263 45 126321 am i the only intj [ the scientists ] who have little interest on science ? kind of ironic , huh ? :D q : how common is it for an istj to troll ? a : not so common , not a matter of incompetence , more on priority . q : how effective would they be ? a : well , it seems fair to say would you be ... someone told me that i'm an alien , i must've been radiating my handsomeness well :D congratulation ! :D really ? uhm .. you might be the special case then :D just my blabbering :D  i need someone who imaginative , easy going , smart , cheerful , supportive and energetic . so enfp 7w6 sx / so would be great .  daily basis , i am usually wear black dark t-shirt with short camo . if i going outside , i usually add them with hoodies and skater shoes or sandal . in formal form , i used to wear dress shirt ... it is ironic to found that this sort of threads are actually preferred by introverts . some people are excellent at creating chaos , the rest do the cleaning . rush 2013 . this movie took me back to memories of my rivalries with my best friend , it was very precious to me . excellent movie .   i didn't see you mentioning your band manager . this problem should be discussed with entire band and must be solved together . maybe your keyboardist just need to take some keyboard course without ... failure is all a matter of perspective . what is more important is whether we will learn from our mistakes and make progress in life , or just ignore it and make the same mistakes from time to ...  goosepeelings mechanical fingers ! are they still good ? football manager 14 . he would like to give kagura or sinpachi a deathly punch rather than deathly reasoning . just looking at their typical black comedy , makes me believe that he is a sensory type . and for ni , look ... yes , i agree with that statement , but an intp would be more interested in sword analyst , not practical . i will mention some of gintoki personality that indicate se : he is mostly seen eating or ... if you mean that he has a high ne , of course he has , but i can't believe an intp can fight as he does . this song has been stuck in my head since i was young . the first song i learned on guitar . the first song that can make me cry in the middle of a crowd ... sober . can you summarize what did you meant ? actually i have headache for trying to understand your scientist words :) right to the point . like what others men do . i understand , and i respect your opinions . but it doesn't change my believing . usually i didn't debating until this far , because my language limitation . the truth , i had been through this ... how the hell you could think like that ? so irrational . people who want to save the unborn baby , obviously wants to save the lives of their loved ones as well . i think the ones should be ... this is out of context . context : abortion sure , i do . did you said that i don't want to save the lives of the people i know and love just because of i am anti-abortion ? my friend , you ... selamat bergabung ! this is same questions as ; should i only date a person which my mother prefers ? i respect your perspective , but i stick to my statement . there are many great people who didn't recognize who was their parents or they were just being unwanted child . but through hardworking , ... '