thanks . i wrote it . it's supposed to be negative . other than that , i'll admit i don't have a great handle on 6 types . fair enough . emma . i'm so sorry . i already know how you're going to reply to the e-mail i sent you . i'm so so sorry . i can't express that . i'm so sorry . i keep crying , all the time , trying to think of ways to ... introversion , not so much . intuition , possibly . masculinity : 41/100 points femininity : 60/100 points androgyny : disregarding what my signature and avatar say , i've been questioning my type lately , so this might be interesting . sure , i'll appreciate your help . nm bb , you ? ;) edit : nichya , lazy and boring . oh , i wasn't saying i did it ; i was just asking if it was a hypothetical reaction that i could gauge myself by . as for sexuality - - it's more of a desire for intense connection , rather than physical ... i wish i was either of those , believe me . they're such great people . and i really don't think i'm an infp either ; it just seems like the only thing i can hide behind for not having a personality . i ... i don't like people who quote themselves . why do you people make me so uncomfortable ? ehh , type 2 . i'll pass . i've been questioning my preference for sx or sp . my confusion lies in the fact that i have no one to ' bond ' with , in any way - - i intensely dislike most of the people i interact with . my question ... i think so . in all honesty , i think the problem is that i simply have no personality to begin with . don't let your type constrain you ! just make a move yourself , if you're interested . i don't think he actually presents himself as particularly stereotypically ' masculine , ' or whatever . he doesn't really present himself as an übermensch or whatever , despite the stereotypes present in ... she already did this once before . i should probably have mentioned that in my first post . i'm incredibly sorry for everything i did to her . i just wish i knew how to express that any better , and ... infinite jest . a friend recommended it to me , and i'm enjoying it so far . i'm several chapters in and still don't know what it's about , but it's good . possibly . i haven't seen him act very socially outgoing , but it might work . believe me , i already am . i might marry you though . dunno . i like girls with emo vibes . i hate the season ; it's all contrived artificiality . i hate listening to christmas music ; i hate seeing advertisements everywhere ; i hate the faked happiness in people . i wish i could hibernate until ... constantly . i don't want to go more into detail , but it's very frequent . it's been growing more intense . i recently made a more serious attempt . it failed , obviously , for ... reasons . i'm not sure how ... i honestly have no idea . there are just some people that seem indescribably beautiful - - there's no other way to explain it . they're just fucking amazing . i'll consider it when hell freezes over . from reading transcripts of his speeches , i definitely get a te-vibe from him . he's incredibly talented at writing speeches , good at reading people , and very intelligent . i'd guess intj ; fi probably ... yeah , i actually think a lot of depressed people mistype as infp . i know an obvious istp kid that did it , for instance , despite not sharing a single function with us . yeah , i think this might ... i don't really understand other infps . i think that's the most compelling evidence i have for being mistyped . at the same time though , i have no idea what the fuck else i'd be . i guess i relate to ... hahahahaha , this is adorable . just go kiss him or something ! ( or if you're too shy , just drag him to a secluded spot and confess your love , i guess . ) i'm too tired to adequately explain the reason i'm asking , but imo there are more similarities between the two types than is immediately obvious , and i'm curious if any of you ever thought of ... estj : i haven't met many . the only one i know very well is an insane mother of four or five children . i hate her , but i'm not sure how much her qualities are reflected in other estjs . i don't want to ... caregiver / intellectual / spiritual . eii , sp / sx 9/4 / 5 . in regard to the test , there aren't really enough questions to establish a good idea of an archetype imo . i'm also not sure their ideas of ... why don't you try directly asking her if she has feelings for you ? be nice to her , of course , but just explain that you don't feel the same way towards her . she'll most likely back off after that , so ... yeah , i think posting quotes from users in this thread to prove my point would be considered a ' personal attack ' , but from the replies i've seen here i'd guess that most of you people's problems ... i think love should have some reasonable limitations at least , but should ideally be as close to unconditional as possible . i love my friends , but i suppose my love would fade over time without ... blue . i generally tend towards plain clothes . sort-of a mixture of both . we'd had a few fights , and i said a lot of things i shouldn't have . i didn't realize it , but she took the whole situation much worse than i thought she was taking it / seemed ... lizabeth , thank you for the advice . i'd rather not go into the details here , but she seemed firm on the break being permanent . i'd do anything to earn her forgiveness , and more importantly , be ... istj . obviously every person is different , but a generalization here might be helpful . if , hypothetically , you were once good friends with an enfp , but said something to hurt them and drive them away - - ... that's different than focusing on how specific types interact with other , specific types . afaik , there are no official writings in mbti about this , as opposed to socionics . i don't think mbti was designed with inter-type relations in mind . about a year before i took an mbti quiz again and became interested in it , i scored intp and thought the description seemed generally accurate , if not necessarily containing any shocking revelations . you have an aesthetically pleasing avatar . i don't relate at all to what everyone else seems to agree with . there are many people i strongly dislike , and i find it easy to be annoyed by them . others i quite like , and i'm intensely fond of ... edit : whoops , double post . attempting to delete . yes , but your type is determined by what you're like ; it's not the other way around--you don't act in a certain way because you're a certain type . you can't claim to be an auxiliary fe user and then ... amaranthine , istp ? the caption setting gives the translation of the lyrics . searching for identity is classic fi . fe is about merging with others and ' fitting in . ' you're almost certainly an ixfp . the most mature , emotionally developed , intelligent , introspective , and overall kindest type is obviously infp . neediness .