' pinkrasputin thanks ! i totally agree . i have that very physical connection you talk about with this guy ! and i don't think i could have that with anybody else , which is a reason i don't want to let ... thanks guys for all your advice and such . i guess the main problem is that we don't talk enough to know whether i do click with him or not . i want that mental stimulation . we agreed to working at it ... we talked about it , and agreed to making the relationship move intellectually . i guess some people take longer to click ? and yes , well i wouldn't say he fits the general-definition of incredibly ... ah , no . i'm from new zealand , i was just born in india . i'm not even kidding when i said that all of our philosophies are different . politically , we are both liberal . which is fine until it actually ... i meant i often get along with people who have similar philosophies to me . we relate through our thinking , it's easier for me to understand somebody when we think alike . and no , he is very ... i relate to people through philosophies . people who have similar ideas to me . unfortunately , my estp doesn't . i read a fair few of them actually and decided to post anyway . i didn't think they were answering the question i had in mind . sorry for being unclear . and also , thanks for replying despite the many ... the straight girls ? okay i should have specified the problem a bit . all parts of this relationship are good excepting the mental connection . s's are experience orientated and n's are more ... can it work long term ? or is his s and my n just too clashing ? yea i agree with you . relationships should be effortless but do you think it's necessary to have that last component ? should it be included in what's important or not ? let's say there's 3 main components to a relationship . and physical ( sexual attraction ) , emotional ( attachment associated with feelings ) and mental ( mental stimulation , challenges , conversing ) if ... hello :) and welcome . prepare to get addicted . i am an enfp and i roll around on my living room floor like a dog . ( sometimes with my dog . ) a year and a half . first time i fell in love so it was all lovely and rosy but kind of rotting underneath . he lied profusely , including about other girls . i would say he was a xsfp . sometime e ... get you completely . it's not always the attracting force for me if the hands are a particular way , but it is something i notice first on guys . long fingers mean the guy is slightly artistic , if the ... but it's so manly ! so grizzly ! sometimes facial hair can get annoying . i'd rather not have my face scratched raw while he's distracting me with his amazingly passionate kisses . but chest hair , naw , ... lol .. yes well . it's all about personal preference :P i have to say , it is a complete turn on for me ! only on cute guys though . i am an enfp and i wish my green / blue aviators didn't break :( i also wish i had a large cupcake-shaped cake tin . ohmigosh ! this thread is exciting ! gotta love chest hair on men ! you can run your hands through it , a bit of manliness , and its cushiony to rest your head on . chest hair is sacred ! i used to do that . now i only really fit my dad's clothing :P which i do occasionally steal . don't know why but male clothing has a comforting feel to it . lol ^ skidmarks damn you man .. i want to google it now . but at the same time .. i'm bound to be grossed out . just had dinner , i think i'll wait half hour before i go googling skin diseases :P i'm scared to google this .. but i think i might . the curiosity is taking over ... k done . what the hell . i'm pretty sure nobody with that kind of skin disease is going to donate their clothes :/ ... i like your hat dude . it is appealing to my enfp personality way too well . hahaha ! you know what .. bf's concern was the same . what if the other person had a skin disease ? ! hahahahaha . nooo it was my bf who asked ! ! although , yea .. girls are far too intrigued by such useless knowledge .. it's not like they are going to go and get the same thing anyway . it's just for petty ... mmmhhmm . i hear ya . i get into shit because i think something is wrong .. . no , nothing is wrong . usually . sometimes , i do get it right . thats the intuition speaking , but nowadays , i'd rather be safe ... monkay ! ! ( spelt wrong on purpose ) who better in the animal kingdom to be an enfp ? ? monkey : bouncing off the walls ( or trees ) , extremely interactive , sometimes dangerous , messy but also very ... i got this one just today : it's ok to take things literally sometimes , you really can't read between in between the lines , of a one word txt i'm going to try that ! ! i just tell them the name of the shop and yes , people judge you . me theory is that it doesn't matter where i get my clothes from or how they cost or the rest . if i fall in ... here's a friend's music piece . he plays amazing guitar . yea exactly ! for me , it's like taking that one old item and changing my wardrobe in infinite ways . kissing is totally deal-maker or breaker of initial attraction . not the first date , but maybe the 2nd or 3rd . but it gives you a total , complete and accurate analysis of the chemistry ! i'm an ... here are some of my favourite motivational quotes : never regret : your past actions ( even the bad ones ) define who you are today . hugs don't fix everything , but they cushion the pain , so hug ... i love to go into those alternative shops , where you dig through piles and piles of unwanted clothing and find that one awesome retro piece of attire that somehow makes you feel a little more whole ... 2 comments above are sooo true ! ! every new year , i make the same resolution : this year , i'm going to write in my journal everyday . it lasts about a week > . < i live amidst an organised mess . minimalism , i like it ! the part of colour coding i like is mainly the colour . kinda a confused p / j . family guy ! gotta love satirical humour :D duh ! i colour code my work , reading books , everything . even my desk has post-its all over it :D definitely inxx's . they understand you on a deeper level but aren't overhelming . enfp's have enough spunk and outrageousness for both people . we need the quieter types to hypnotize us with their ... you know you are an enfp when you have a post-it addiction . i am the one who can share other's emotions without saying a word . i am the one who gets up as late as possible in the morning . i am the one who think about pringles , completely out of boredom ... the only girl wearing a bright pink jacket in a bus full of students all wearing dull greys . in the middle of winter . :P when you build stories and lives and whole parallel / fantasy worlds in your mind , purely out of boredom . i make mine detailed , characters , flaws and traits and all . towns are detailed , people have ... as a enfp , i like entj , it's a good balance of difference while having the same level of connectivity . when you often think it sounded better in my head after trying to excitedly explain it to someone . favourite cafe , at school , bookshop , in gardens '