' my memory couldn't be worse fair enough , i interpreted wrong - my apologies . love is not about giving and wanting nothing in return . i realize how when you say that it has all these good things wrapped up into it in your head - but it's not a healthy way to look at love . i ... i'd let it go but probably not for the reasons you think . if something develops down the road then great but i wouldn't waste any time thinking about it . bottom line is even if all the ' iffs ' are ... i hope i'm not being too forward to ask this question , but if someone told you it was hopeless , what would your thoughts be ? that's too deliberate ! my singing needs to just happen organically ... hahaha that's the only excuse for the noise pollution of it all the bold is correct . but i have an open mind . i just can point to history and show that there have been numerous ideas of what god is , but definitely all have the ability to believe in something ... one of my best friends is entp and also lds , i actually sometimes envy him because i think there are parts of his religion that help him keep it all together and focus his talents in a good way . ... something bigger than anything anyone can imagine the universe to be is a solid object moving at a speed faster than anyone can conceive and it wipes us out milky way and all . ( milky way not to ... i actually did mean both , but i'd like to hear why you disagree ? does anyone think religion is not a social evolutionary construct to ensure survival of the species ? i think it's impossible to track how often generally accepted religious truths have changed ... i sing around the house , a lot . not sure if i'm any good - don't really care - it's fun anyway ! a lot of the fa fa fa fa song ( otis redding ) & bell bottom blues ( eric clapton ) lately with some ... the opposite couldn't be more true for me . i'm much more concerned with the future than i am concerned with the past . i'm thinking about pink elephants . now you are too . i think it's safe to say , if it's not related to technology or some new concrete information about the universe of physical world - it's been thought of before . i took philosophy in college too - ... for the last week i've been wondering if my existence and reference point is just good for this body , in non linear time - and all of you are essentially a different form of me , the universe . i ... if you have a difficult time harnessing your own motivation - don't fight uphill - push yourself to make a career out of the things you can hyper focus on - whatever they are . also , the romantic ... i'm so rational , but my dog understands me the most . if you're trying to learn web my advice would be the following : get a cheap computer . put linux on it . learn using linux command line . that will be lesson # 1 . ( you can even use a raspberry pi ... nailed it . hahaha and this place itself serves as a great distraction for me :) if i'm discussing something in here , i should probably be doing something else . most underrated movie ever . cafe i drink every once in awhile but for the most part i'm not into it . there was a marijuana bar down the street here for awhile , and i used to go there and absolutely loved the place and ... lists . lists . lists . lay the goal down broken up into tasks , set deadlines . that's basically all i need is for someone to say . i need it on this date . if they give it to me and say nothing , ... i and we are interchangeable in this scenario . i think if i had to define god i'd say that we're evolving into a singular god , and so we get bits of consciousness from different beings one at a time ... thank you my friend , those are very kind words , cheers to you . :) i appreciate that , thank you . i got a lot of pats on the back as a kid - and oddly , those pat on the backs as a kid turned me into a type of codependent - fucking crazy right ? i just kinda learned ... i do as little work as possible - to a shameful level i'm not proud of , but i also have the nerve to be irascible when people don't do exactly as i say , even when i know it's my fault for not ... i think it's more that the world sees us as assholes . i get that all the time when i know inside i'm not trying to be one . i definitely have the capability of being one , but my intentions are ... every single time an alcoholic friend said they had moderated , what they had done is successfully hidden their problem while giving themselves some air cover for the every now and again someone would ... i say this seriously . i've had and lost quite a few friends to alcoholism . i've had one of my friends put a gun in his mouth and kill himself because he couldn't break free of his codependency from ... back to low brow god theory . i believe we are one consciousness - the universal mind , that time is not linear and i am you and you are me . and it's our goal to innovate and evolve as quickly ... why'd you pick alcohol epiphanies ? you have experience with it in some fashion and quickly chose that as the analogy to relate your thought to ? i don't expect you to reveal , but now i know for ... and by the way , you have me on maturity . i alternate between an old man and a 9 year old . mostly the 9 year old though . life is more fun that way . i will say , that i'm not actually trying to make you feel bad so much as it just doesn't really bother me if i do . if it makes you feel any better , i don't think you have any more or less ... first , what i'm saying has nothing to do with mbti , that's the point . it's related to childhood narcissistic injury and how it can create a layer of behavior masking the actual authentic personality ... if you knew as many miserable coders as i do , his patterns would stick out like a sore thumb - which is how he's so easy to break down . the guy is intp , his e is a mask - and judging by his post ... eeek . that's my fault the way i put that all together , that's not what i was trying to tie in . sorry about that . i was actually trying to say that he's forsaken being a serious business executive ... similarly . and the thought of you using voice to text , made this particularly funny . you know why ? my mind builds the characters and stories in my head . i see scenery , and love or hate the ... sounds more like he needs imago therapy and he sounds emotionally unavailable . which probably has nothing to do with mb or personality . eh , i can't predict that sort of thing . i try not to make set plans , if you do that - you really limit yourself . i do things in the moment , and it's more efficient since it means i'll always be ... it's your loss . you think i'm insulting you , i'm not . i played with you for fun since you gave me license but now i'm just giving you good information that could save your life . i really doesn't ... this is so unbelievably cringeworthy . do you think that you get the fan like me a month because there are just a bunch of pricks out there , or because you puke all over yourself trying to show off ... ok , let's see . don't worry , i'm breaking you down in lightning speed . the harder you try to be something , the more i know you aren't . when you mature you realize that nobody gives a rats ass ... which donald trump ? the character on tv is an entj , but it's a character . his real life , he's an esfp . the guy fails like it's his job , even after being born on 3rd base . his father ran that ... well , i just completely ruled out entp for you . do you write code like this too ? taking a paragraph of words to write , i read fiction ? entp's in law seem like a paradox to me . in the 1700 ' s , surveying became the profession of choice for the upper middle class-upper class folks . ( source : gentlemen scientists and revolutionaries ) ... entp i like intj or infj typically maybe another entp for a fling . it's very possible that i'm projecting something entirely true about myself ... i'm aware that i'm a basketcase . but with you i'm just looking at the data and employing occam's razor . oh please , we both know that's not true ... this is disappointing . someone who outright will tell you that they have a unique way of responding , isn't being unique . they are delivering adjectives about themselves that they wish the person ... '