' he really was , he still is . i honestly think he was the best thing that ever happened to me . like , he has literally changed my life . none , the encounter left me literally speechless . i didn't talk for a few days . i didn't eat much either . i just wore his shirts . i didn't even listen to any music . nothing cheered me up . because to ... yeah , he remembered and treated me horribly . i created a twitter fanpage just for him and like any other fanpage i said hilarious crazy stuff to attract followers and get people to notice him ... i asked all of his band members and him at the same time . i put the setting to where they both can see what each other is saying . i didn't want to make it seem like i was going behind his back . i was ... upper respiratory viral infection . well , the very first concert i went to i contracted urvi from him or somebody from his band . i private messaged him on social media and asked if he or anyone from his band had the urvi and it just ... i actually no longer stan him because he actually hates me but i have videos of him talking and its glorious . haha , i don't think he hates me but i think he thinks i am creepy af . yeah i'm like 99.999 % sure i'm an isfp . every now and then i'll read something that will make me think i'm an infp , but i'm pretty positive i'm isfp . i didn't really have a clear idea of ne-si vs ... yeah i'm like 99.999 % sure i'm an isfp . every now and then i'll read something that will make me think i'm an infp , but i'm pretty positive i'm isfp . i didn't really have a clear idea of ne-si vs ... let me just tell you , okay ? his hair is so fucking nice . when he walks past you his hair bounces . its shiny too . i was in a dark venue so his hair wasn't as shiny but gosh was it bouncy . his eyes ... let me just tell you , okay ? his hair is so fucking nice . when he walks past you his hair bounces . its shiny too . i was in a dark venue so his hair wasn't as shiny but gosh was it bouncy . his eyes ... i met him . :) lol , no i just really enjoy him . dj / * * * was fuckin ' sexy as fuck . i am so mad that he deleted his channels . that guy was a complex - enigma . he was fucking legendary . i am not saying this because he is one of the sexist ... well , i am not smart at all but my gpa is at a 3.7 and i am only a freshman . i hear that's really good . i also finished my 9th grade year in 3 months . ew , bragging makes me feel weird . hm and you are an isfp ? i just wonder because people have been trying to convince me i was isfp one time when i made a thread around these parks or another . i am an istj though . i love lana del rey ... [ which ones are your favorites ? that's because i am not an infp . you are welcome ! i posted here before when i thought i was an infp . i'm not an infp , lol . 476570 4765 78 what personality type would write something like this ? sometimes i think about those that have affected me in the years that i have been alive . i don't like to think about so much as how they have ... hello , fellow people . i am an isfj , however i have always wanted to know what type i looked like . if you'd like to add the extra stuff like socionics then you may . i'm just curious to see what you ... hello fellow isfj , i have another post about our fellow match made in heaven esfp . it isn't a horrible match at all . in fact , its quite interesting . it is accurate to call this an ' ' intriguing ...   ... what does it mean when an estp is trying to play it cool or play something off ? i normally read about them being okay with expressing how they feel to someone they are interested in . i lurked around ... scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation . up until this point you had both been ... i've studied over cognitive functions numerous times , day & night . i have taken numerous personality test ; but i cannot seem to find the best fit . i have nld ( nonverbal learning disorder ) i was ... i've studied over cognitive functions numerous times , day & night . i have taken numerous personality test ; but i cannot seem to find the best fit . i have nld ( nonverbal learning disorder ) i was ... . thank you ! . i've studied over cognitive functions numerous times , day & night . i have taken numerous personality test ; but i cannot seem to find the best fit . i have nld ( nonverbal learning disorder ) i was ... i'm here , i've been mistyping myself as an infp because i felt like i wasn't smart enough to be an intp . that is when i remembered i have a disorder ( nld ) that is very popular amongst intps . it is ... wow , i was just reading about this very thing . i would personally like to know as well . and , it doesn't i just had this realization one day that i belonged in california . i never noticed the theme in my interests . what i adore about courtney is her ability to lie through her teeth and to recreate another life . i've never seen six feet under and i adore the seattle sound . hi . 422834 4228 42 hello , i am daey , i am about 15 years of age . i found out today i was actually intp instead of infp . i am going to quickly share some facts about me ; however only because i do not feel like writing ... vocal , meaning that the estp has not only began to show you ; but has began to tell you he likes / loves you . i noticed that estps aren't the most vocal personality type . they aren't used to talking ... boys on the radio malibu turpentine burn black dicknail drown soda pacific coast highway sugar coma best sunday dress asking for it there are so many hole fans on this forum . what is your favorite song of theirs ? i adore botr . i see that you enjoy courtney love . 417946 15 in two months . no he wasn't in trouble in that manner , its a religious thing . so , recently there has been a guy whom has taken interest in me ; however because of an age difference he cannot really act on his emotions right now . i am a teenager and he is an adult . we ... there hasn't been any of that involved . i have not had sex with him , meh i don't know what to think of it anymore . i notice he is sorta distancing himself away because people have been seeing what he ... woah , this is my shit ! '