' so over three months ago , i was feeling pretty good about life . i felt i'd turned an important corner . i posted this back then reflecting my optimism : now i feel i've pretty much wasted the last ... i too feel painful empathy . it's one reason i struggle with interpersonal relationships that aren't close . i tend to feel these pains quite clearly even when they're not being openly expressed , ... several others have mentioned trauma and how the associations can spread . i suspect this is a pattern more native to p than j types . that is , where a j type would instinctively organize and ... thanks mimesis . my attention has been elsewhere a lot lately , and i was in something of a hermit period in general for a few months . i probably won't be around a lot soon , either , in part because i'm ... please choose one of the following words that best describe you : artistic philosophical caring i feel strongly drawn to all three , but my best developed skills are probably more strongly ... finding myself has me feeling so lost . about a year ago , i finally decided to stop ripping myself apart inside , to make space for all of me . within months i found myself seemingly trapped by ... fwiw , i was thinking mixed state ? ! as i read this . ( i don't think my moods are quite this extreme , though it's been suggested that they are by one ex , so i did a lot of reading and i was on ... as if there's some conflict between seeing ourselves as ineffable and understood . oh wait ... :d ry : why don't people line up to spend their lives trying to understand my enigmatic ways ? am i just ... i , for one , am glad it does bother you . thank you for that . it is indeed hard to imagine that people could feel so threatened by someone's identity as to consider biblical wrath upon the entire world ... hmm , what you're saying here seems so obviously correct that i should be able to tease apart more through reasons to describe why i feel that way within a few days . off the top of my head : i've ... oooh , i'm not the only one who sees that estj side come out in certain situations then . i don't do this just because i'm stressed though , it has to be a specific kind of stress , namely when my values ... if being intense comes naturally to you , rather than being a product of an underlying issue you want to resolve , perhaps it's best to let yourself find places where you feel more comfortable as you ... they deserve the same respectful treatment as everyone else but were not given that . they deserve to not have been made special against their will , but it's too late for that . to fail to recognize ... if he uses hearing aids , chances are they support t-coil , and a neck loop like the sennheiser 830 - s or 840 - s will ... orangeappled i don't believe that the motivations i've ascribed to these categories are inherently reducible to enneagram instincts in a manner that is consistent between people . i believe that's far ... i think i understand your point now . i added the motivation statements in an attempt to give several different perspectives on what is , in my mind , one thing . i intended those as things someone ... a tattered flag snapped sharply in the february wind . the tide was coming in . she felt a frigid wave wash upon her toes , then pull back , desperate and longing . the urge to let the ocean take her away ... the only reason the word group appears here is that polyfidelity is lumped here with traditional monogamy , and i couldn't find a better word for that focus . i intended nothing to do with social ... fascinating . what alignment do you see ? if i had to guess what you mean , i'd go with sx-dom = closed committed , so-dom = open committed , sp-dom = non committed . however , i do not , and did not believe ... people can gradually become closer to actualizing a happier , healthier self . they cannot , however , know who they will become . if they did , they'd already be there . if you want to be someone else , ... i seem to be in a dark place tonight . maybe i'll redirect my anger into into sadness and despair . ... there is an explanation in the initial post that captured what i thought needed to be said , and a fair amount of discussion with others to clarify . i'll answer any specific questions you have , if ... he's a superhero ! when they want to interact , i tend to enjoy the dynamic , especially with someone i know . if i get a good vibe , i'll tend to let my so side come out a bit more to set them at ease , ... looking over the 30 votes collected to date , which are still very thin outside of so / sx and sx / sp , there are two trends that could be significant ( many more votes would be needed for confident ... i demand to have deep and meaningful conversation before being eaten , and i will not tolerate such crudity and threats . as for the topic at hand , i appreciate elegance , i occasionally pretend to ... so , if so many of us appreciate the virtues of those older than ourselves ( myself included , lifelong ) , how about those whose company we appreciate ? are we the young exceptions in their lives , or do ... mysterie , i lost an uncle whom i was not close to , and when my dad told me , all i could think to say was : he was miserable in this world , i hope he's better off now . and that pretty much summed up ... i have a bit of wanderlust ; my ex and i lived in an rv for a year , traveling the country . we moved around a fair bit , sometimes without the faintest notion of what we were getting into , like from fl ... dammed if i know . i would want to ask , i might try to think of somewhere , i'd probably get lost in that and never act ... * looks around her social circle * i'm not the one you want to ask for advice on ... you are 47.2 % good . you are 15.4 % lawful . alignment : neutral good sittapygmaea , that sort of thing sure leaves an impression you never get out of your bones . : ' - ( so sad , and so disturbing . i stopped caffeine when i stopped tolerating it . before that i got up to ... aww , that's sad . not much left to loose then ? i've had friends that i'm closer too than when i lived nearby . it could happen . yes ! when i occasionally manage to overcome my fear , i still feel ... i first read this as : approach them gently , like a snack . probably best to stick with what narfae said . i too get mixed feelings like this . are all of those feelings not typical when angry ? good to know . i'm still unsure of my instinct stack ; i keep asserting what i think is right in hopes that i'll get called out as wrong and a discussion will ensue . alas , not yet . i can take it a step further and ... i've wondered if it's an sx-dom thing that very intimate relationships work , and casual friends work , but in between is really difficult and feels awkward . i'm such a damn emotional intimacy whore ... only if you see most people that way , or assume that they will be before you know them . people are always shocked when i say things like that . i may be equivocal about most people , but there are a ... around the same time . i would have been in metarie from 83-95 give or take . i was born in 81 , then we moved up to maryland briefly . i actually work with someone from slidell of all places . small ... yes , that's the one ! i don't think i'll ever forget seeing gone with the wind there . such a trip - that was one of the theaters it premiered in . sittapygmaea , may i ask what part of louisiana ? i was born in lafayette , and lived in metairie for much of my childhood . you brought a tear to my eye with the beautiful pictures of oakland . i've been ... kuru , i also found the idea of low latent inhibition tied it all together very neatly for me . i'm very fortunate to be able to mostly shape my thinking in productive ways ; a lot of my family , less ... paradigm , you've a wide world of possibilities open to you , and the instincts to thrive under many of them . if you enjoy that kind of communication , you may find some resources about communication ... it's my confusion that you're picking up on , very good . :-) romantic relationships , and committed closed includes sexually closed . sexual openness is an axis independent of the question . i put the ... whatever your instincts , following it should bring about a sense of satisfaction . if that's not happening for your instincts , perhaps depression should be considered . changing which instinct ... yeah , it sounds like the sense of dependency you're trying to escape , not the enjoyment of social connections . i think you're right that snapping those bonds just to get that sense of independence is ... when i respond to my sx instinct , i feel energized . when i respond to my so instinct , i feel soothed . when i respond to my sp instinct , i feel annoyed . i see a lot of myself in username 123 . i ... i'm have a hard time relating to this , so i don't really have much to add . i have a hunch you're describing an sp-dom trait , which would explain why i'm so mystified and kinda fascinated . thanks for ... great ! : happy : i feel i have fulfilled my purpose in giving you things to think about . monogamous by choice , not by default . i kinda figure people can't choose very well if they don't actually ... this is so very very true . there are several good books written , essentially , to handle the why and how of that . a lot of people feel more comfortable with polyfidelity as an ideal , and i ... that's unfortunately inevitable with the way i structured this and the limits of the poll . i've tried to make that limitation as productive as possible , but it's also possible that none of these ... '