' happened to my brother in law not me , but about pissed myself laughing . he was in our neighbor's ( an elderly man ) yard cleaning some plant debris from flowers and what not . he was knelt down ... very much on the downhill slide now . ' tis a good thing . last night was more of the same . but my helper was rita , so i actually got 100 % help . which made my night much more tolerable . but , it ... well . up and sorta ready to be at ' em as they say . ok , not really . i'm awake . that's about the best i can make of it currently . today lord dampnut was at the united nations giving a ... ah , tuesday . wish you were friday . but you're a sweeter soul than monday , for what that's worth . back at it . i really don't wanna be but until i find somewhere else to get my coinage , i must ... one vs . one , no weapons ... i'd destroy him . the only way he'd avoid that is if he ran or knocked me out with one punch . all i'd have to do is get a hold of him and he'd be done . once i had him , ... go with fewer showers . essence of man and all that stuff . ladies love it . : wink : ~ ~ ~ harry dean stanton died today . you may not know his name , but if you've watched tv or film in the past ... well , well , well . i'm free . sam approved my leave request so no worky worky tonight for me and an extended weekend . eggscellent . : cool : yes , you miniony ... man , do i hope tonight is my last night at work . that would be most excellent . not counting on it , though , just in case . but it would be nice cuz i have things to do this weekend or to try to ... closer to the weekend . it could come even sooner if all plays out as i hope . i was sitting there bored for the last 15 minutes of work and was opening and closing drawers in the desk in central ... wednesday ! and half way through the work week . huzzah ! i wish it were the last night of the work week because i'm already done . not because it's been a bad work week , as it certainly has not ... so . my bed came today . and my mother , in her infinite wisdom , just had the deliver dudes drop the mattress and adjustable frame two steps inside the front door ... despite knowing that this shit has ... ugh . my weekend be over and i'm not quite ready . i do feel better , finally . so that's something . however ... frustration abounds and i very much dislike frustration and interruption of my ... well ... my nephew decided to not come over and help me because his legs are dead ... whatever that means . i'd know what it meant if he like ... worked out or something ... but he doesn't , so no idea . ... well ... slept in and didn't even go to the bar . mom didn't wake me up for such , probably figured i needed to sleep more than i needed to go to the bar ... i didn't ask , but i suspect that was the ... so , perc is buggy yet again . imagine that . : rolleyes : well . last day of the work week . glad for that . i don't feel well . my allergies are trying to fucking kill me . :d ry : i'm not amused or ... took an ex back after getting dumped once . one of the worst decisions i've ever made . they're exs for a reason , leave ' em that way . we had several members of a family come in and out of our facility several years ago . i don't remember how many children there were total ... 12-14 ? something like that . ( we once had 4 of them ... well ... short time for writing tonight . ( i hear you clapping minions ... best knock it off ... ) i've plumb ran outta time , i'm afraid . worked on editing photos for 2 games tonight and working on the ... well ... my four day holiday weekend is almost over . football on friday ... can't even remember what i did on saturday . must've been fun , whatever it was ... oh yeah ... i just remembered ... i ... lawdy ... i'm wiped out . photographed the game ( we won 38-28 ! ) and paying for it now . wore a jacket the first half ... not because it was chill or anything , but because it was sprinkling rain , ... so . applying for a job when you've not done such things in 20 yrs is a bit of a pain in the ass . i can barely remember the jobs i had before ... details of them , i mean . when did i work there ? ... you know what really annoys me ? righteous indignation . over ... nothing . i saw a post on social media this morning , a rant if you will , about the whole merry christmas vs . happy holidays ... to me , the accent of texans is unique , really . just crossing from oklahoma to texas brings a huge change . it struck me way back when i was a kid and we were going to brownsville to visit my great ... the lot of them . every one . charlatans fleecing idiots for shitloads of money . nothing more than that . i used to watch benny hinn some mornings at work ... for the humor factor . benny gets to ... that's about spot on ... just make those people about 10 yrs older with all the aches and pains and patience of someone who's 50 + . : laughing : the couple directly behind us felt much the same way . ... i do believe the children would love me . children seem drawn to me and i quite like them so long as they're boys ... or girls , if they can manage to not scream all the damn time . i'm not entirely ... my mind runs at 1000 mph all the time . ( which can be quite annoying when i'm trying to sleep ) i'm quite aware of it , obviously , but other than fueling my insomnia sometimes , it really doesn't ... i don't expect mcgregor to win , but i want him to ... and i won't count him out , because ... well , he's conor mcgregor and typically , when he says some shit , he does said shit . besides , mayweather ... looked through the job posting from the school district today . found a job that's not what i was looking at before , but something i could easily do and might actually really enjoy and it pays ... i can't think of any world view , off hand , that's changed since i was probably about 10 yrs old ... so nope . well ... i'm having a four day weekend now cuz ... fuck work . : cool : the shift postings were up last night for shift bid . that fucking bitch raped 3rd shift . cut two positions completely and cut ... well ... i'm happy to say my work week is almost over . but only because i have friday off . tonight is the easy , hardly at all like work work night and tomorrow i'll be a secondary ... and probably ... i sorta am , huh ? : cool : ~ ~ ~ was going to go out and sit on the patio with the pup , but all that sweet meat i ate on sunday is finally catching up to me . my tum is now attempting to expel all ... indeed . today , the same person posted a meme about how many us ( union ) troops were killed in the civil war fighting to end slaverly ... and we're still called racists ! ! ! never mind that just ... i can only imagine . i'm in a red state so i hear it a lot , too . and these yahoos aren't southerners ... these just far right knuckleheads . it literally makes me want to slap them in the head for ... i'm an intj , but i want to play , too ! dominance 54 % steadiness 24 % influence 12 % compliance 10 % you are responsive to challenges in a practical , realistic and enthusiastic manner . you are a ... well , saturday's about done , innit ? i tried , tried , tried to get up early after only a wee bit of sleep . didn't work , but i did try . i absolutely hate sleeping through the majority of ... they said she had one to six weeks and but it was only two . well , howdy ... steve bannon is out of the white house . i believe that's everyone from the original party gone ... but for lord dampnut and pence . been in office 7 months and ... yeah . i think ... i'm pretty sure lord dampnut is digging his hole deeper still ... i just don't have the energy to see what the asshat was about today . it's tiresome trying to keep a handle on it . the people ... you should've heard the screech when she sat on that tack ! : laughing : i am in the path of totality ... but i will be sleeping . i've already seen one , anyway , back in the last 70s . i can't remember if it was a full one or not , though . oddly , i remember seeing one even ... man , i am getting tired of this 4 suicide watch nonsense . i was drained when i came home . i didn't have much help at all last night ( none till the last 2 hrs ) so i just got ran ragged . mary was ... back at it tonight . back to the up down , down up of 4 suicide watch . yay . :d ry : my dad and his girlfriend are back from wyoming ... seemed like they were gone forever , but it was just a week . ... right ? i love love love old detroit iron . can't wait till i can get a new motor in my mustang gt . i've been waiting for 2 yrs already , cuz of other monetary priorities . hoping to get started on ... i'm quite happy it's the weekend now . hopefully , i can get some rest ! last weekend wasn't . i mean , i enjoyed myself don't get me wrong , but i spent about 10 hrs at a friend's house ... 5 of them ... so ... was reading a forum ( not here ) ... the subject was lord dampnut's assertion that we're going to start saying merry christmas again . as opposed to saying happy holidays . ... i did indeed know that . i suppose you could say that campbell was a proper scot and all that . i would learn to love to play the pipes , but i don't have a lot of musical ability at all and i fear ... i am tired , yet again . or should i say still ? perhaps . i was run ragged last night , as was malachi . i'm going to say i had it worse ... just because i was doing 4 suicide watch and therefore ... '