' the types during an awkward situation intj enfp esfp ... that's pretty cool actually , it said i got isfp by a landslide lol that answered my question . thanks so much ! thank you guys for helping me so far ! right now i'm really leaning towards infp or isfp :) what kind of letter tests are you referring to ? ( sorry if that sounds really dumb ) and no i haven't considered infp before which has really interested me . i'm not sure if i am one tho adaptable modest empathetic observant sensitive co-operative creative spontaneous inquisitive ( i'm very much this ) harmonious understanding harmonious deep spontaneous creative co-operative sensitive caring observant adaptable at first i thought i was an isfp for a really long time but then when i studied infj's persoallity type , i then thought i was an infj but now i have no idea :( they seem so similar ! they are both ... . xnfx extx this helped a lot , thank you ! i'm very intrigued by entjs and how they work . i'm charmed by how they're such leaders and take charge when they need to . i'm even more curious on how an isfp and entj would get along since they are ... the types around their crush intj estj esfj ... enfj infj - intj isfj ... types arguing with each other esfp vs istp infp vs estj esfj vs istj ... my best friend is an esfj and he's the sweetest guy i've ever met :) the thing is i'm just a very independent person and he always acts like a parent so he tries to do everything for me which makes ... yeah i have a similar question , what do you think about isfps ? like friendships , marriage ect how do you get along with them ? i've always been attracted to estps :/ i think my best guy friend is one and we don't like each other in that way but i've always liked their guts and personality . they have always been chill yet fun ... i'm happy that you've able to get along with them but i've just had bad luck . i've always had a weird way of seeing thing in life and had weird ideas so xxtj always shut me down . i've never met one ... yeah , it's odd because when he's talking to me and the other family we're paying attention to him he suddenly comes off with ok , nobody's listening to me i'll go now and we all freak out cause it's ... i know this sounds weird but i'll ask anyway . do entj usually manipulate people for attention ? i love my entj dad so much but he's always making some sort of drama just so i'll give him attention ... i've been curious about how isfps would get along with each type in a relationship and i was most curious about this pairing ! my sister's best friend is an isfj so i know from experience that y'all ... clark kent i couldn't have described this pairing any better ! i was thinking a lot about it and this is exactly what i was thinking ! i really enjoyed this answer so thank you for sharing :) esfj isfp estj vs istp ... i have a lot of introverted friends and in my experience i get one to talk by either introduce myself and talk about whatever to make them feel comfortable , or i walk up to them and try to make them ... yeah i agree , fi can make us bitchy at times lol but my entj dad taught me to just get over it , grow up and not be so sensitive all the time it's really made me a better person so i feel like i'm ... i never thought of it that way ! thank you this helps me a lot ! oops , oh well  lol but seriously , my intj best friend does this face when someone is annoying them so i know what i'm doing . when annoyed ( again , bear with me lol ) esfp esfj isfp ... hence why i put in quotation marks : rolleyes : of course real marriage isn't some amazing fantasy ( some have described it as hell ) i really believe marriage is working together and trying your best ... that's true , we are able to sense if someone is bad news or not . the frustrating thing is that when i have feelings for someone , it clouds my sensing and i end up with idiots . for some reason i ... i've been thinking about this a lot and i'm curious if sensor types can just know if someone is the one ! of course it would be easy for intuitive types but is it possible for sensors ? or do we sadly ... estj  <- i just had to put this guy back on here lol ... this is cool ! i took it a couple times and i kept getting esi , lie and sei :) libertyprime hmm interesting but i'm going to respectfully disagree with you on that one . intp - ti-ne-si-fe ti - i agree with that ne - i'm actually very ni . i found this article and ... most likely relative yes all the time i'm very stubborn but at times i will compromise to not have any conflict / drama intp infj infp isfj apa the fact that you think we actually act like that is either lack of knowledge , experience or intellect :P who knows probably all three but all in all , i'm honored that us isfp can annoying the ... this has really helped me :) thanks guys ! i was very curious about this topic because i'm pretty interested in entps . they seem witty , quick humored , smart , and fun ( pretty much like me ) i wanted to know what you guys thought about isfps ? ... i swear i'm obsessed with this thread , it's so much fun : tongue : entj / estj istp ... when i really think about it , even though i might have istp tendencies , at the end of the day i'm pretty confident that i'm an isfp :) haha thank you ! sure thing ! here are the ones from the last page and this page . are you able to see it ? ... how the types dance enfp infj intj ... pwowq that helped me a lot ! they both seemed the same but now i'm confident that i'm definitely fi ! thank you :p roud : isfp  ... pwowq jade 09 yeah i agree a lot with acadia before i answer a question i think before i say anything cause i want to make sure that what i said was the right thing for the question . and i tent to ... acadia very interesting ! that's hard for me to choose because i act like both inferiors . inferior fe i think for me was pretty spot on , i always have to prove myself and i can be impatient . at the ... yeah i do this a lot yeah , but doesn't everyone do this ? it would scare me a little bit yes , it's really important to me that i try to stay close with my friends and loved ones yes , if i'm absolutely sure that it wont work out than i can ... '