' i often do things without the feeling that should come with it . for example , i might say something kind to someone who's feeling down , but not because i empathize with them so much as it seems like ... i feel like i'm deceiving people whenever they call me a nice person , because i'm really not . there are days when i find humans downright irritating for absolutely no reason . people'll try to get ... - not sleeping when i'm supposed to be asleep . - refusing to eat my vegetables . - reading in class . - sarcasm . i grew up in a family that uses it as a way of showing affection though , so i ... - i had a fear of grass , apples ( on trees , not the ones from the ground ) , and mannequins . - i pointed and laughed at a child who fell on the ground . my mom was absolutely mortified and promptly ... like other people have said , because i'm afraid of being too overbearing , i end up being too distant . for example , i typically won't message people first for fear of being a bother , which in turn , ... i try to keep good grades in all subjects , but i usually get better grades in subjects that i'm more interested in . having said that , i've somehow managed to maintained straight a's , with the ... i'm learning to smile and say thank you when i receive praise and gifts instead of becoming extremely awkward . if someone's thanking me , on the other hand , something along the lines of you're ... raawx ah , i see . i'll look into isfjs then haha . thank you very much for your time ! may i ask what made you reach that conclusion ? raawx about me ... ? i'm not quite sure what you mean by that , but um , would things taken from my daily life work then ? at school i'm currently a senior at my high school and take six courses ... um , i'm not quite sure if you're still typing people , but i'm procrastinating for school too , so i figured i might as well post something here . how do people go about doing this ... what do you even ... the last time i watched k was when it was airing , so it's been a long while , but i'll try to type some of the characters based on what impressions i still have left of them if that's okay with you ? ... i can't recall anything going particularly wrong ... ? for me , consoling others normally only requires me to listen and offer different perspectives as i see fit . while i'm willing to give advice when ... sometimes . while i'm okay with venting to people about homework and tests and school in general , it's usually nothing that i'm actually frustrated over and is something that i can easily laugh about ... it took me 4 minutes . i basically did the same thing windblownhair did and made use of every pattern i could find to group up the numbers . i would then memorize one group , say it out loud , memorize ... you said you're searching for some guidance , but i'm not quite sure what kind of guidance you're looking for ... ? i'm sorry to hear about the depression though - it's not particularly pleasant to ... i used to prefer suppressing negative emotions , but i found that when i do that , i end up sick hah ... nowadays , i'm more likely to take refuge in music until i'm alone and have the time and energy ... i normally spend my saturday mornings working with children . they're all really quite adorable - even the troublemakers who jump on your back out of nowhere and demand that you give them a piggyback ... just what is being yourself ? differentiate yourself from [ others ] ! is what i saw written in bold letters on a magazine rack pamphlet . just what ... 16 and not at all rebellious . i never had much to rebel against to begin with , and i'm not too intent on getting myself into trouble either , so the idea of me rebelling hasn't ever been an issue . my ... i would choose fisher king . everyone around me already regards me as a hermit who doesn't leave the house unless absolutely necessary anyway ... until the time comes for me to die , it's highly ... i'm fast once i start working on what i need to get done ahah . the problem lies in getting me started ... unless you somehow manage to get rid of everything that can distract me or unless i really ... i suppose it's more of a sense of admiration hm . xntjs in general seem to be very efficient when it comes to getting things done , whereas i often find it difficult , even when the motivation's there . i can relate to your urges and actually ended up here when i doing research as well , but i think that's where the similarities end hah ... although i guess you could argue that i'm part sagittarius , i ... summer reading assignment : 198450 1 . i'm a music addict . 2 . playing the piano and singing my heart out makes me happy . 3 . making people smile and laugh makes me happy too . 4 . sometimes i like to write letters of appreciation to ... i don't usually feel the need to ask people for help . if i know what the problem is , chances are that i know the steps i need to take to reach the solution . on the other hand , if i don't know what ... people here have been very kind to me ahah . i find that it's easier to interact with people online - perhaps because i have a computer screen to hide behind ? you don't really have to worry about ... i remember that there used to be this lady that i saw at the bus stop next to where i lived , and she always looked sad , but when you greeted her with a smile , she would give you the warmest smile in ... i get easily distracted too hah ... i blame the many tabs i have open on my browser . i usually read a response , very slowly process it throughout the day , type a very rough draft from the pieces i put ... i probably spend more time thinking about other people than i should , and i wouldn't be too surprised if you told me that people find it slightly unnerving when i listen to conversations and observe ... thank you for all the warm welcomes ! my apologies about how long it's taking me to reply . it takes me a while to gather my thoughts and type them out , but i take a lot of enjoyment from reading ... thank you for all the responses ! they were nice to come home to . i'm just going to very slowly ... reply to everyone ... i don't think i was specifically looking for anything when i created this ... intimacy ? um hm ... if we're going by dictionary definition , i'm not looking for close familiarity or friendship with anyone , though it would be nice if i make a few friends along the way . that said , ... hello there ! um , i've been lurking around here for the past few months , and i really want to get to know everyone , but it's been difficult to work up the courage ... to post something ... i didn't want ... warning : extremely sensitive to anger and conflict . handle with care . um , i don't have a very good grasp on the functions yet , but , to my understanding , fe is concerned with other people's feelings . in my case , i often form judgments based on how to keep the harmony ... i'll do my best to stay open-minded ahah . i originally took an interest to typology to better understand myself , so ... at the end of the day , i'm still me , and it doesn't really matter what type i ... 2 . in regards to feeling overwhelmed by the world , i can't seem to deal with too much noise , because it tends to cloud my thoughts until i can't think straight anymore . i also can't seem to deal with ... 1 . ah , maybe i should explain what i mean by drastic measures . the friend who i had in mind for this scenario is one who's particularly concerned about her grades , and her moods tend to swing back ... 1 . i would probably debate whether or not i really want to ask first ahah ... sometimes it gets repetitive , and although i try to remain as patient and supportive as i can , i do get increasingly ... ... now that you mention it , i don't think i can recall ever noticing shifting eyes and restless hands . that's ... strange ... i thought those were common things to see in a person .. ? ah , well , i'll ... um , i'm not quite sure what you mean when you ask me if i go with my gut feeling , but i'm inclined to say that i do that more than going with what i see . for example , sometimes i'll be talking to ... o-oh my , you sure wrote quite a bit ... i'm starting to feel kind of bad eheh . although i'm aware that you're supposed to look at functions when you're typing yourself , for some reason , i have more ... / hesitantly pokes at the thread no , not at all ! i'm just not very well-versed in these areas ... even if you were to bring up contemporary singers or songwriters , there's a high possibility that i won't have any idea what you're ... right , honesty's an important value to me , but i don't think that using laziness as an excuse is entirely dishonest . i mean , laziness is formally defined as the quality of being unwilling to work or ... hm , i'm not so sure it's because i feel that the people who approach me are boring and / or incompetent . if anything , it's more likely because sometimes i just don't have the energy to deal with them , ... thank you for the very enthusiastic welcome ! i'm good , thank you ! how about yourself ? i'm sorry to say that lalaland's weather is being a little moody at the moment . the sky's crying right now , so ... thank you for the warm welcome ! people here are quite a bit more receptive than i anticipated . i didn't expect to get so many responses to this thread ... ah , um , quick question . it's not particularly ... '