' luck ? ... hopelessly impossible to answer . think of anything you regret doing , you regret it because of a change in perspective . this change is highly unpredictable . very hard to please your future ... yeah i get that , not sure exactly what does it . do you know of transaction analysis ? im no expert by any means , but it's a theory that describes how people interact in terms of adult , child ... modern money transactions are so dissociated from the feelings that should be associated with them . when you get a paycheck , it comes printed by a computer , and transferred into an account , you never ... i was pretty bitter , and was out of line , but i cant deny it felt good at the time . could you explain why it't not fi ? i had preconceived feelings that i dont normally share , they are shared ... lol , oh protect your freedom ! don't let them have it ! protect your rights ! uunnnhhh ... presumably you have to pay taxes , obey licensing and regulations , can only vote for 1 of 4 parties at ... drummer infp , in a band . i mostly drum as a hobby , like someone said earlier , its like dancing . i like just drumming along to random songs , or playing without much thought . there is no expression in ... tough question ! i voted nay ... not too sure though . i've clearly spent less time than you looking at this argument , but from my quick glance ... i'd call myself a rational deontologist , so by the ... hmm , im satisfied now that we appear to be arguing about the definition of the word bigot . in the sense i care about talking about , the emotional reaction to challenging argument , im glad some ... thats just the thing , what you appear to be arguing against in this post is discrimination , a political / ethical / ... view you clearly don't hold . but there is a tone of that animosity wikipedia ... wow i lit a fire ! if you care to watch the video , bigotry has nothing ... nothing to do with race , equality , religion or capitalism . it is an feeling you get when you have to deal with opposing ... provocative title ! i am a bigot and it seems the natural position for someone fi dominant . we have strong opinions . sometimes after a lecture with ... civil engineering , will focus on structural engineering . i wont lie , some of it is horrible and i often wonder why i continue , but structural theory ( newtonian mechanics taken too far ) is like a ... first , 2 consolations : you dont write like someone i would consider dumb , also iq 100 ( as far as im aware ) is the definition of average . by that i mean iq scores are adjusted such that the average of ... impossible to know relative to not being an infp ... all other answers i hereby declare invalid :P . not so much about being an infp , but discovering it ... an introduction to cognitive functions has ... i dont quite jiggle around , but sometimes i head-orgasm , whilst losing some control over my face ( mostly smiling , not some weird contortions ) . also as a drummer ill often go into some not natural ... ive done this with people in class who ive never met ... ive done this with people ive never even seen ! let alone met ! ive fantasised whole people from just the noise the neighbours make , ive never ... there are many politics threads in this forum . all of them attract zealots like me who have fi attached to this . i always find them pretty ugly , i'm very defensive . ill be in the extreme bottom right ... when im walking down the street and see things , my ne will make something in the moments after i see them ... fine ... then my face reacts to my thoughts and i could be expressing a completely ... loll , no thats spazz the rabbit would you believe , from a game called jazz jack rabbit , old platform game . this post wasnt really looking for help on how to not smell , now that im aware , i think i ... 20 yr old male student , lives in a ... hole , i can imagine ... in hindsight ... i , that i might smell . but after this semester , when i came home everyone in my family told me that i smell ... people thought the telegraph would change the world , would end all wars . i would put too much hope out on a prayer for just 1 year . i have never considered paying attention to the zeitgeist ... if i were to explain mine , i know i would only want to change that explanation later ... similarly i have never adopted an imaginative username and stuck with it . nahnahnahnah nahnahnahnah batman ! i find it hard to identify with one song , maybe a song can epitomise a memory , mood or viewpoint of mine . i dont think i could ever pick a theme tune though ... in response to the title , yes , i do feel the toilet is an integral part of my life i feared this thread would descend into debate , politics is almost the epitome of fi after all . luke if you are actually interested in my political philosophy pm me . no ! what about the freeedooom ? i'm a libertarian . i think senhorfrio ' s prediction of mostly socially liberal is a good one , but im always surprised by social conservatism . hah , no ! being a non-conformist infp is probably mainstream ! i could never do that . ive been playing a game recently , this - may - only apply to men , and its incredibly difficult . normally in conversations between 2 men the man with the lower voice is considered the dominant one ... crying to this sort of thing is the most emasculating thing i could think of doing in public . im glad im not alone , even when im crying alone . oh man ... that annoying click sound ... it ruined the whole thing for me ... :P become one freedom . call me cliche ' . razare you'd like venetian snares :P there's no reason not to . i certainly know the shame of a political u-turn , fortunately i have my age at the time to blame , i dont think i did any real harm on that account . i wonder if one day ill u-turn again , but you know ... oh well id say half that literature is wrong half the time if theyre not following what i said , but thats because im stubborn . :D smith plural : smiths belonging to one smith : smith's belonging to ... boring reply . a , apostrophes denote ownership or missing letters . sorry for patronising ( because im sure you already knew that > . < that's the manager's car . im pretty sure someone will come ... id think it more nervous to submit to a group will that is not your own . we are members of groups , those groups can act collectively , but they cannot think collectively . their acts are driven by ... it seems most media effort is making men more feminine and women more masculine in terms of traditional roles . we could have an argument about what masculinity and femininity are , but im referring ... your grand scheme is your own . what makes your big picture ideals any more or less valid than the ideals of other people . nothing . you necessarily view your ideals as right , but dont discount that ... im struggling with this sort of question too , but im not so depressed about it i dont think . what to do with my life ? ive just come off 4 months of doing nothing about to go back to uni , so maybe ... internalizing and exploding , give me space and attempt understanding ... only once ive cooled down , if you get it wrong when im angry you're not doing yourself any favours . i agree it doesnt happen ... hmm , on re reading my previous post seems a little nihilistic . there are probably tons of people out there who have become successful entrepreneurs of their own lives , with happy memories and many ... the profit motive is here to stay , people will always want something more valuable to them , otherwise it wouldn't be more valuable . i dont think long term profit really exists . if i start collecting ... ... you meddling kids ... scooby dooby doo ! ! i know , i was being dramatic in response to the flood of leftedness in this thread , thanks for the support though economic left / right : 8.62 social libertarian / authoritarian : -7.54 yeah thats right , right . i guess that pretty much makes me a nazi in your eyes doesn't it leninternet . im happy on my own in my ... anarchy in the fullest extent of capitalism , the state inhibits free trade . if the state is emergent i'm a libertarian in the american use of the word : constitutionally limited minarchy . i come in ... the slightly bemused / suppressing a smile look of your avatar is a suitable response to this wiseass answer ... * trollface * i have nothing to contribute to this discussion except to share that i ... cool question , never really thought about it . made me remember peter's law : everyone gets promoted to their level of incompetence and its only people working up the ladder that do any work . i don't ... a moral principle to me is a criterion to gauge if something is immoral or not . i only have one that ive come across : dont force anyone to do anything . so if i want to gauge the morality of an ... '