' dear perc , friends , first time in my life having enemies , and frenemies ... its been real , and its been great . i love this place , but its time to take a hike . i don't feel welcome here and its just ... long , exhausting , painful i am no expert , but i think if you find someone who you have chemistry with , i don't believe it matters much . what occurs to me most is this : if two introverts are married , they may not travel ... i guess you must have an easy life . i have been raped , homeless , scared , and hungry . i have nearly bled to death , i have been so close to death--i have been resuscitated . i have been cheated on , and ... i am not in much of a mood for reading , so i haven't read all of your input . but after recently exiting a deep depression , i am realizing how to be slightly proactive when dealing with the onset of ... is there no way to deal with this in a more kind and gentle way ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk i have been through similar situations . my advice is to love and be gentle with yourself . we all experience adversity . we all fall and we all break , but it has been said that after we arise , we are ... we are all a little crazy . * hugs * sent from my iphone using tapatalk my dearest maverick , why did you have to break my heart . why did you have to be such a prick , i gave you my life , and you tore it apart . i had so much ambition , hopes and dreams , my piano ... * hugs ! ! ! * tomorrow is a new day , and a new beginning . sent from my iphone using tapatalk peaceful sent from my iphone using tapatalk please change my name to : enfjellybean . if enfjellybean is unavailable , please change my name to enfjungle . sent from my iphone using tapatalk how do you define , being an infp ? ? ? i have always been an introvert and a dreamer . as a kid , my life was not easy . dreaming and books were my escape . another example : i love travelling to nyc , ... awhile back , my seventeen year old son was administered a formal iq test , and scored 138 . he lost some points due to the time factor . when i had my formal test , my score was higher than when i ... i believe we humans aren't perfect . we cheat , and we lie--maybe because we feel a sense of shame , or we are fearful , or afraid of being judged . but , it seems to me , if someone admits to their faults , ... informative , relieved , proud sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i am desperately shy and avoid the spotlight at all costs . i fear being or feeling transparent . i have been in the presence of nicole kidman and keith urban . she frequents the starbucks the green hills mall , in nashville--almost every day of the week . she is soft-spoken and humble . i don't know ... when others are annoyed , because you always have to have the last word . when others can't stand speaking to you ; because , you more oft than not--one up them . when you stay up all night , ... please change my name to : vexilla regis . thank you . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free cilantro and lime shrimp wraps , with crystal light peach tea . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i know how to waltz and i write about dancing in poetry , but i'm not interested in dancing . it is not for me . i like variety too . questions like , my favorite color , favorite movie , favorite animal , ... thank you . :) i am having an identity crisis at the moment . i know i am an nf personality , because of my parenting habits , the way i dress , and my strong dislike for beauty products . i have add , and have had a lot ... did you have an ideal childhood ? is it true that enfp's have very nice teeth ? i have adhd , do you ? was there ever a time when you were bullied ? did you have any alcoholic parents ? are you attracted ... i think of myself as an introvert . i am chatty and engaged when around others , and i almost always make time for myself . i need to be alone . i think and relate to life in metaphors and abstractly . ... i have a sensor mom and sister ... they burn a lot of candles . i dont ... and my parenting style is sooo enfp sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i am intuitive in lots of ways . but , confused ; because , i like to wear make-up 2 or 3 times per year and i like to smell good . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free you are someone , you are somewhere . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free the bluest skies , rays of glitter in your eyes . on the darkest days , sun shines , because of your ways . my big wish for you , your truest dreams--stick like glue . don't lose any hope , walk out ... after my nazi experience , i agree with you . kinda ironic , hitler looks like a jew ! ! ! hahaha ! ! ! sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free hmmm ... a few weeks ago at school--this young lady started talking to me . making a new friend would be nice , but--she told me how much she adores hitler , and told me what i already know : the ... / facepalm i don't much mind being insulted ; yet , maybe i'm more adept than you realize . yet , i am slightly amiss , because i only toss banters of insult--when i like someone and belittle others ... why am i clueless ? i believe this is more of an issue of being deep in thought . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free dear mr you know who , thank you for everything . i never meant to hurt or annoy you . thank you for the memories , and for teaching me to listen ; instead of just hearing . i thought you understood ... so sorry for your loss . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free enfj dad , and istj mom sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free imagine sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free and yet , all of the fall colors ... with change comes growth . it depends on how you choose to look and see ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free dear person who listens and understands : i am sorry for letting you down . i understand and realize you want me to hit the road . i think . sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i forgot to eat . : s sent from my iphone using tapatalk - now free i told a man i thought he was a beautiful person . the first thing i noticed about him were his eyes and face . but , those are just looks . i find him beautiful , from the inside out . i feel like such an ... i understand . i was a whiner for awhile , i was on a lot of pain ... i think i learned how to whine from too many years in therapy . now , most of my friends have deserted me ... i own it all ! ! ! and ... i got into my car , and was half way to school ; when i realized i wasn't wearing a bra ! i raced back home , pulled onto the driveway , got out of the car , realizing i had run over my favorite pair of ... i just came out of a deep , deep two year depression . it wasn't for any one reason , but ... one thing i remember is feeling emotionally blown away when i opened a facebook account . i was in a good ... on my latest test , i scored 6w5 , 9w8 , 4w5 i'm very laid back , though i am annoyed by some things like people eathing with their mouth open ( i can just get up and leave the room , so no problem , ) my blood boils like crazy when others insult ... i'm right there with you . i hate being told what to think or how to feel and love to pass out cups of shut the f up . i cannot remember which country , its a european country , but they have a tradition ... when you want to send a birthday wish or another wish to a lost or missing loved one , you put a card / letter with ... thank you for reminding me , i deeply needed this . sometimes its easy to forget . i just suffered yet another loss . it took me a few weeks , but--i decided pretty quickly to just accept that which i ... '