' i dont have a definite career goal , was thinking of the military , overall the way society is set up ( the rat race ) is not something that appeals to me in the slightest . i couldnt tell you what my ... at 24 i have little freinds that arent family or freinds of family , i can talk to people but can never seem to form relationships , always feel left out and always feel like people think im nice but ...  it makes me sad , i am still trying to figure life , i wish i could stop the train and go back to when i was a child , back when i had no worries and did not know about ... what does this phrase mean to you ? can you relate to it ? or perhaps its the opposite for you ? another great album by mayer . i wont lie , the thought of going through buds and becoming a seal is exciting , i know its frowned upon saying you want to be so's when you aren't in the military as most people don't even realize how ... well reason i havent is because i dont want to make it seem like i am all ready to sign up and go when i wont be ready at that moment , i dont want them to keep calling and me having to keep saying ... im planning on taking soon , at the very latest , the start of next year , i dont want to keep putting it off . about the navy ; do they really get to travel that much more than marines or does it depend on mos ? travel is certainly a big part of all of this for me . hey im open to everything and will consider all options . for me its fall hands down , when that cool breeze comes around with the leaves falling , my god ... it makes me feel so good , it literally changes my whole demeanor and makes me happy and mellow , i just ... man that is really hard because again i do a lot of both , again if i had to pick i would lean more towards n as i love to think about meanings of things , people and happenings , the big picture is ... if i had to pick then i make descisions based on emotions more . as for dreamer or down to earth , can you give some examples ? introvert , no question . dreamer or down to earth ? hard to say i do both . logical or conscience ? again both but it depends of the issue and i use my emotions a lot to make descisions based on ... oh absolutely ! writing has always been my forte in school and overall expressing myself . i just hope that i could do physical work along with that . very cool , i want to just go with what i test well on and whatever i am good at , as i said i dont have a ton of interests and in general am a down for whatever hard working guy . also i may be ... i have various reasons for wanting to join but big reasons are for getting out there in the world on my own , being part of something bigger than myself , gaining confidence and discipline in myself , ... what is the best way possible ? i think i am infj but im not 100 % sure . your thoughts on infj's ? :p roud : also i wanted to mention that i realize i am taking a big risk with this , not just in terms of safety but with me actually enjoying this , i simply don't know if i will hate it or love it or be ... well the thing with me is that while i am not a pessimist , quite the opposite , i view things in a realistic way , i know what i am getting into with the marines , i have done the research and talked to ... not for everyone i guess . with everything as in the military or just things in life in general ? i was researching other types and came across this : famous istps - celebritytypes.com reading some of those quotes is just ... wow . i like how they have a realistic view of things but it seems ... what an awesome post , i cant even respond with a long post as its all i need to know , your post is just ... great ! thank you ! i underdtand that the military can be a big risk , it can be something that can traumatize a person forever , it can make you disabled , mentally broken , it can even be the end of you but i feel that i ... thanks guys , great advice ! i really need to start taking more risks , i always talk about taking risk in life as that is what will take you places , you never want to be the one who says man what ... but isnt it a real marine saying all that ? perhaps he had a different perception of what he would be getting into and then was gravely dissapointed when he joined ; bar actual experience i generally ... so the other day i was at a store and went to the cashier to buy my items , there was this girl , very pretty , i immediately could tell she was checking me out , thats when i got nervous , i felt like my ... thanks guys , sometimes i feel like just going to a branch and taking the test and just picking an mos and be done with it but then i sit back and think to myself , yea i dont want to be miserable ... someone showed me that to scare me and show me the truth , cant say i see anything i did not expect , i certainly dont see the marines in a fantastical way . if ... may i ask ; is there a reason you chose the marines ? did you ever consider the other branches ? yea i talked to a navy recruiter last year , seemed like it was all good but i backed out at the time because i did not feel ready , one thing to keep in mind is that recruiters have one job , to ... people ask me this all the time and i find really difficult to answer , i was never that kid who had a special dream job ( except being a boxer ) and even now at 23 i dont know , i would just like a good ... i have looked at all four branches and looked around for opinions on each and am having a bit of trouble deciding for sure , would be great to hear some thoughts from active members or veterans . ... i don't hate myself . i never said i was shy . its certainly odd , i understand that this is the way i am , i need these introverted qualities to make me feel better , i have to get away from everything from time to time but yet i want to be ... i dont know if i am an infj 100 % but let me tell you this , as much of an introvert i am and as sensitive and alone time i need , i have a thing for fighting possibly violence . since a kid i ... any others always wanted to be something they are not or will never be ? i since a kid was obsessed with james bond , i always wanted to be that that super spy , traveling the world , being in intense ... excellent ! i have adopted this thinking myself , i am truly convinced that you have to get out there in the world , take risks , suffer falls enjoy victories and that is the key to life , living .   i recently started getting into them to see what all the hype was about , i found them decent , it wasnt until i gave dark side of the moon a really good listen while on ... well not sober , it blew me ... very curious about this . me : i am open to anything , no concrete beliefs though . so what would everyone recommend to have confidence in myself and who i am , how can i show people that i am confident in myself ? someone told me to not give a * * * and just be yourself , have a ... appreciate this post , you mentioned something i find interesting , people don't approach me too much , i always think its because i tend to have a serious nature and am quiet so perhaps i am ... isfj profile that sounds exactly like me as well lol , this is so confusing . i test infj on one , then intj , now isfj , wth ! what am i supposed to do though ? just ignore it ? i want friends , i want a person that i can love and see who i truly am , i can never take it to that next level with people , whether it be someone i ... i know i have a problem with self esteem , i can be honest about that , i just dont know what to do though , i constantly am thinking about what other people think of me , sometimes i tell myself not to ... '