' i want the freedom to not be restricted in being myself ( following my hedonistic interests like kicking puppies off rooftops , telling fake game of thrones spoilers without being judged , having the ... i realized i have no true security , no real control . one method : take a powerful dose of magic mushrooms . lose myself in unreality , beyond the beyond . all my mental strategies , tricks to stay ... i'm adaptable while i'm there . shifting , blending . popping in , out , in , out . but even when i'm there , i'm not noticed as truly being there . existing . i don't want to be noticed until i do . when i ... when i've internalized an idea ( and have been given enough space to organize its points beforehand ) i can rant or monologue . but that is only when i've been given the opportunity to speak . usually , i ... when i trust a person , or take a leap of faith on being with them , i'll naturally share my ideas , emotions , and personal history ( on a level that is deeper than i have ever shown to 90 % of people ) ... you look just as i imagined you would look . except you lack a beard and curly mustache . and you are not a hologram . i would say i play life but in a different sense . i'm aware of my actions as i'm acting , almost as if i'm watching myself in third-person . like a writer writing actions for his character , i know that ... i'm so bad at initiating relationships , and so self-deprecating , that's i'll try to persuade women to not date me . the funny thing is , this isn't a trick . i seriously do not want to be in a ... 482658  more information : gravitational waves , einsteinâx 80x99s ripples in spacetime , spotted for first time | science | aaas for me , it's : hating to repeat the same things over again + constantly changing , evaluating my models of reality + too many interests to speak about + tendency to not reveal information unless the ... they repeat these stories but might not act to fix them because : - - they enjoy talking about themselves . it's essentially the selfie of conversation . narcissism . seeking to be the center of ... i've made the mistake of infatuation , of clinging to the ideal of love . and i say ideal and not the reality , which was that the person i sought was a flawed human . the more i knew them the less ... new year's eve is wonderful for people watching . a balding man blowing a horn until his cheeks redden . a couple licking each other's neck tattoos . glazed eyes . windmill punches in the parking lot of ... i sip coffee and watch interviews about muhammad ali . and then read a book about being an outsider in america . to relax , i do a few rounds of boxing on the heavybag . once i'm tired enough , i step ... * * pushes through a wall of beads and enters the lounge . slips the bouncer a ten . pats his butt . walks past two entps sitting on a couch of tiger fur , arguing about rick and morty . they glance up , ... when i was a fetus , i was a really big fan of mozart . but as i aged into infancy , the jingle of keys captivated me . person : hi ( smiles ) . me : hi ( barely glances up ) . person : so , like , what do you do ? me : i'm sitting here . person : ( takes off jacket ) i don't typically think about sex much , except for when i see an advertisement for a can of pepsi or a girl in yoga pants does a round house kick . i don't feel that romantically attracted to people ... kittens crawl in a desert . moon shines down on red sand . one cactus . two cacti . three cacti . three kittens mew , chasing each other . one kitten paws at the moon . you could replace the energy drinks with healthier alternatives . for example , i've taken cordyceps mushrooms and have received a lot more clean energy ( no heart palpitations , crash , and so on ) . when ... dynamic stretching , light warm-up before exercising . cool down , static stretching , after work-out . getting enough sleep . knowing when to rest ( staying attuned to how much exertion your body can ... i sometimes don't know how to express my feelings in the moment of feeling them . i might not even know i'm feeling those emotions until later . and still , when i've processed those feelings , the ... i enjoy eating so much that i eat every day . in fact , it's the most regular thing i do , beside sleeping and masturbating and breathing in oxygen . i really hope the government doesn't outlaw food . my ... love : 1 . ) i trespassed on a farm and hiked on for miles , watching the barn receding into red mist . then i climbed a hill on the far edge of the woods . i sat there for hours , listening to the ... you must drill your techniques as much as possible , beginning slowly , with mindful attention . be consistent , practicing multiple times during the week , alone and with others . through repetition all ... yes , you are definitely an intp . no , you are definitely not an intp . sometimes you are an intp . you used to be an intp . you are an intp in fourteen out of fifteen parallel universes . what's the line between ' ignorant ' and ' stupid ' ? i don't know , a mullet and a preference for michael bay remakes ? when somebody disagrees with me , i do the most mature thing possible : immediately curl into the fetal position , clinging onto that person's ankle , being dragged through the hunting section at ... i tend to have an outburst if stress has been consistent . it's not necessarily the big triggers that get me . i can be stoical in the fires . but the accumulation of small stresses , especially those ... features of a well developed intp : a bronze buttocks that can pluck grapes , squeeze their juices , and then spit them out like bullets . dimples . a furrowed brow for the mastery of the heavens ... step right up , step right up . join the freak show . to the left , we have a sloth man covered with lumps . if you wish , he'll rub those lumps right on your face . boys and girls of all ages , if those ... i've started to notice a pattern for when i shift into an unhealthy five state . if i'm over-stimulated for too long , or exposed to information that i need to process but don't get the chance to , ... what phone model do you use ? a zack morris , new jack city , brick on a cord . sometimes i use a payphone to throw off the cops . b ) how do you hold your phone normally ? i insert the phone ... i thought this proposition would involve sexual favors with a gas mask . i'm sorely mistaken . but i don't know much about intjs except for their dazzling eyes . thinking about that many people at once ... i wonder about the intention / moods behind wanting and not wanting suicide before old age . some say they'll kill themselves before old age in a similar way to if i'm ever old , just pump me up ... this is a pretty old thread but i wanted to revive it . i've been submerged in waters of existential depression , isolating myself , questioning my identity , my weaknesses , my actions , my values , trying ... i'll open my kimono and whisper into my palms , feeling swells of regret in my heart . priests will stand round me , dressed in black robes , their faces wrinkled , lips shut , tightened . then i'll slide a ... do you hate when people show enthusiasm and excitement ? people who are genuinely enthusiastic are people who dissolve my inner-shell the quickest . they infect me with enthusiasm , which motivates ... i'm interested in people but on different levels and those levels change . learning about humanity from the standpoint of history , sociology , psychology , philosophy , and game of thrones , is ... i'm attracted to novelty and substance together . if something's not new , mysterious or challenging , i lose interest ( which can be a bad quality if i'm trying to get a job or start a relationship ) ... it's hard to get a job . it's harder to keep a job . it's even harder when you're naked . i've learned that it's best not to be prepared to spout out some fabricated social starters . just be yourself , your weird , spiraling into madness self . ask people questions and listen and don't ... i don't care too much for popcorn . i'm sorry but somebody had to say it . 1 . what's your wing and how sure are you of being a 5 ? if you know , what's your instinctual stacking and your tritype . 5w4 . how do you express yourself ? ( painting , writing , poetry , ... you might kind of probably maybe are an intp , perhaps , if you : waver between extreme self-deprecation and moments of confident brilliance . with one person or when some strange mood overtakes you , ... if i'm not mindful , i over-analyze most conversations . when i was younger i would obsessively think about something i said or how somebody interacted with me for days , revolving the words and tone ... generally , my affection won't be much for you to see , but inside , there will be more affection than you'll know about . i might laugh or smile or talk more , but most of the time , i will be quiet ... good thread . to add to the beginning stages of an intp liking you ( only from personal experience ): 1 . ) when i first notice that i like somebody , i might withdraw into myself and ignore the person ... brazilian jiu-jitsu : it's endlessly complex , deals with tactics in the moment , relies on mind more than brute strength , gets you in shape quickly , you progress based on your own individual merits , ... '