here goes 649666 excuse my lowkey high look , been sick all week ;P my goodness so true but again although its cringey i have so many guilty pleasures that my enfp fulfills , such as gossip talk . and naw there are countless positive traits to envy . enfp's are very ... xnfp and xnfj for a $ ap rocky fans hahah yep was about to point that out aswell . my best buddy is enfp , wouldn't say she thrives on manipulation , but she certainly does a lot word play . she fishes out information or tests people with ... 531025 pj ยง wag when you talk like this . haha i think grimes is deffo an xnfp , but i vote for infp . i recognize that smile and awkwardness all to well oh look there's jenny from high school , let's go say hi mmm fresh brewed coffee , just a little above medium strong with 1/3 milk . no sugar . so good sometimes chug it like water #noshame hm . i can see how some can feel uncomfortable with being labeled ( obviously ) , we can agree that there's much more to the world and no matter the type each individual has a special ' spice ' to them . ... so simpel , so easeey and so convenent oh yes intj , please tell me more : blushed : - during every theoretical discussion it's generally clean , but i carelessly left my phone and glasses on the floor . enfj's are great . lots of fun very cool nice humor really caring wow . enfj 10/10 nope . although my enfj little brother answered yes on this . hahaaa i love those too also merry christmas ! arturo clyme your discussion on beauty had me speculating so hard it had me walking back and forward last night haha . it's really nice to read you two . it reminds me of how me and my dearest intj ... intj's value honesty , even when it's sharp as a spear you do it . you don't mean much offense with it ( and don't get me wrong , it's very admirable ) but it can make an infp who doesn't know think ' ' who ... see .. we are very honorable towards our feelings , ideas , habits . stuck up even , because we are very aware of them and create a special bond with it , and even when it's bad and ugly we will to some ... when you passionately sing a song in your head when you eat something delicious . or maybe it's everyone . should be . there is definitely capability of irrational and utterly illogical rage within an infp , but it's a very dark side of us we very rarely show , preferably when we're completely alone . it takes a lot to ... partypooper haaa wrong thread , was going to post this about introverts . sigh . when you have a thinking face even though you have absolutely nothing on your mind . 4 am , already . goodnight fellow infp's haha yeaah i assumed , was a stupid question in first place . wondered because they're generally very , very open with music but out of the blue absolutely can't stand soul and jazz . ah , their loss . it just occurred to me that all enfp's i know can't stand soul / jazz music . is this just coincidence or is this a thing ? ' ' mhm ' ' doing something extremely nasty and get a rush of amusement from it i have an enfj little brother , haha it puts a huge smile on me the moment i think about him . i'll list some thing's typical for him and assume you can relate - waves his hands furiously when ... 181666  ... my only real friend's also enfp , we criticize and judge each other well when it's needed . you can count on honesty , although sometimes i can't help but laugh inside a little for her paranoia , it's ... * onra - chinoiseries & chinoiseries pt 2 * bonobo - black sands hahah , you're very much awesome too ! i went to an arts oriented high school , hated it with passion . my class was filled with sexual confusion , posers , gossip , fakery , but must admit in some way it was entertaining . everyone was so ... just from reading this i'm sure you can find your way , don't worry much about it . even if you do turn out awkward she will most likely find it rather charming , we're idealists after all . keep her ... tell me about it , but cool we're on the same page . just a little 50/50 for dubstep . always nice to find someone with similar taste , especially now that i'm currently in desperate hunt for new ... aah she's such a delight , definitely one of those artists that stays in my library for good . glad you like her . what genre of music are you into ? seriously . oh tell me about it , fully agreed . couldn't do appreciation talk otherwise that sucks . sorry about that just finished ep 4 of walking dead season 2 . looking forward for 5th alot kavinsky's the shit  hahah ! you're too sweet glad to help : * yep , that's how we roll . ugh i hate giving advice telling people what to do but embrace your shyness and awkwardness . once i have learned to own my flaws and stop being so ashamed of my awkwardness ...