' as stated above , there are a myriad reasons as to why this is . this is making the assumption , of course , that the world is indeed hateful in the first place . while i agree with your assessment , and i ... they're personally not for me , but seeing really cool tattoos on other people is really great . i like yours , it doesn't overstate itself and cats are always cool . i like seeing the personality that ... it's the same with any other stereotype of the mbti types . we hear a description that suits our tastes best and we project that image onto other people . the same goes for our own stereotypes , it's ... oh , middle school and high school . i don't really look back too fondly on those days , though i did enjoy the lack of responsibilities ! where i'm from , middle school wasn't really a thing--we had ... given that too many people in this thread are good singers , i'm not going to put myself on the chopping block by only posting my normal voice . vocaroo | voice message ah ! hello there , young grasshopper . i see you've taken an interest in my current state of being--that of being on a very high , very moral stallion . you're not alone in your unimportant , gaping awe , ... even looking at this from a purely pragmatic point of view , no . animals pass on their genes to their offspring , the offspring pass on their genes to their offspring , and the cycle continues . if ... vocaroo | voice message oh god i'm so nervous ! too late ! he has already been banned . i don't know why , though ... i mean , what's so wrong about coming onto a forum and calling a bunch of people faggots , pointless , and the like ? right ? is this guy for real ? i haven't lost it yet . my blood remains ever pure ; it shall make for a good offering during the time of the harvest . ah , indeed ! don't force things , as if you go through life doing that you'll rip your butt open and that's no good . heh . might this statement have something to do with the fact that you're infj yourself , or is it true ? i wonder ... go after him and ask him what's going on . maybe you startled him and he scurried off back to his rabbit hole . reverie is the feeling of a soft sea breeze washing over you at dusk . destiny hey hey hey , mbti type incest is frowned upon in these parts , right ? why not give another type , like ... i dunno ... infps a bit of love , eh ladies ? : cool : we can fi and te together . i see more people who consider him to be istj , an assessment i would agree with . why hello , fellow canuck ! how about these pictures , eh ?  ... coziness is the feel of a large , woolly blanket enveloping your skin while sitting by the hearth . nostalgia i'll do it later . but for now ... youtube cat videos . no way , man . i like my birthday . it gives me an excuse to make a cake and pig out ( and regret about it later ) . plus , i get money / video games and we all know you can't go wrong with either of those ! school is boring . i feel the same way about the people i develop feelings for ; i don't feel romantically interested in someone until i've been their friend for quite a long time , at which point i've already been ... 50 % male .  back to top part 1 oh yeah , right over here . unrequited love and i seem to be inseparable . sometimes it feels like a curse i can't seem to shake . the worst one probably was an enfj i really liked . i felt really ... i'm going to be that guy . i've never , ever had a celebrity crush . i've never felt anything for a celebrity beyond oh yeah , he / she's a good actor ! i need to interact and know the real personality ... not worth it , ever . i've never heard of an instance with this sort of thing ending well . burn the hell out of that shit immediately . at the very least , speaking from a purely selfish point of view , regarding only myself in all this , it eventually ended badly for someone far more ... haha , oh my gosh , the drama on some of the pages previous to this one . on the subject of small talk : it's just a fact of life that you're going to have to engage in it with every important person ... yes ... we missed and glanced each other's lips . i actually had a feeling something like that would happen . whoops . you know you're an infp when in the situation that the usher dude at the movie theatre wishes you to have fun with the movie , you respond with you too ! i'm an infp buuut : 1 relator people who are strong in the relator theme enjoy close relationships with others . they find deep satisfaction in working hard with friends to achieve a goal ... 1 . the person who you are walking with is the most important person in your life . your answer : friend 2 . the size of the animal is representative of your perception of the size of your ... hello , everyone . i'm interested in doing this mainly to see how i come across to other people in an honest fashion so that i can gain other perspectives of my personality . i apologize for the ... i think you misunderstood my post . i'm saying that there are both good and bad villains and whether or not they are good depends on writing , not that villains are automatically more interesting than ... because there are a lot , and i mean a lot , of intj villains , especially in comparison to intj heroes . and , i think the whole villains are more interesting thing is a product of bad writing , ... ( only 150 - ish posts from me ? hard mode ! ) dan hibiki is a total boss , first of all , but you also have a lot of sensible posts around here on the cafe that i tend to agree with or see where you're ... when i get into arguments , i'm super abrasive , somewhat condescending and blunt . it's always that i'm right and all those who would think differently are wrong . i feel really strongly about the ... adverseaffects i tried reading that a couple of times before succumbing to the ever-annoying accident of re-reading the same lines ... multiple times . line breaks are your friend , be you man , woman ... hahah , oh man . so your wide-sweeping generalizations and projections are directed towards not only the feelers , but the thinkers as well ? such a pity . what you said basically amounts to they're not all the same . it's just that they all do this one thing intjsshould be wary of . oh , so it's all about this again . you need to get over your vendetta against infps ; they aren't all like the ones you've met . no , people don't really underestimate me unless it involves track and field , which basically involves me running a lot faster than people normally expect . rather , people tend to overestimate me ... let me be the first to assure you all that infps don't ordinarily take a sip from the weighty goblet of entj . sorry , but i ain't man enough for ' em ! but hey , don't worry ; we infps got your back in ... 27/36 the old people are hard to read . primarily because hateful people in general only spew such hate in places they expect they'll get support . you don't see the westboro baptist church or ku klux klan members hating in solitary , do you ? destroying an intj requires the fulfilment of an ancient prophecy regarding a young hero with an absurdly sharp sword who is capable of foiling centuries-long diabolical plans without so much as a ... my mother is istj , and my father is istp , i believe . my brother is estp . so ... no one to talk to . :P sometimes i'm not aware of myself whenever i'm talking to someone i like so i accidentally drool a bit #infpproblems '