' i have a love-hate thing with showers . baths i love , but showers ... well , once i'm in it's all good and i take forever , but it's the getting in that's the hard part for me have you ever been in a relationship where u love the other person , and are going for long-term commitment , yet you find youself wondering what it would be like to be with others ? is this normal ? ... life is a miracle , a mixture of genes and chance that can't be duplicated ( even clones are not actually 100 % exactly the same due to random ' mistakes ' in replication ) and therefore life , from the ... i'm watching buffy and looking for ways to procrastinate online and trying to not think bout how cold i am . i think my knees are going arthritic i started having suicidal thoughts at a young age , have the clinical depression , and have been told i might be bipolar ( wouldn't be surprised ) , my father recognized it--he'd had it all his life too , ... is there something naughty or even taboo that you're totally intrigued by but are to shy or ashamed to do or even speak of ? do share ! :P yup , but the latter is also interesting--how bout i start another thread with that ? :) what's a taboo you've heard of which the rest of the world thinks are so horrid , yet you don't see as all that bad ? so what's something that's either gross but relatively innocent ( like booger-flinging or something ) or something horrible and taboo-like--either way , something that you've done but would think twice ... when they cut you off at the beginning of an conversation and basically put an end to the convo . when they seem to shoot down , dismiss , and / or disparage your every idea when they're never ... is this an infp thing ? ? i wonder how many others have felt like this . hmm .. perhaps i should do a poll . ugh . stomach punch , but oh so true ! :( i keep thinking he'll get me one day , but that day hasn't quite arrived yet :/ heh , how long does one wait ? ( semi-rhetorical ) lol , well , sometimes reality can be a bit violent ! lol . ouch . so true ! i once had an ex who called so much , i ended up changing his dial tone to this super soft shhh sound that i recorded . you know the person ( significant other ) that you're with isn't right for you when ... no one ever likes my blood ; they always seem to have one excuse or another . i love your local chamber of commerce idea ; it never occurred to me . thanx . hmm .. i wonder if they have ... wheeze , what kind of job do you have ? and what kinds of events are you involved with ? i feel like if i could find the right path i'd be ok , but starting / finding is what confuddles me .  ... i haven't met any yet . maybe one ... sorta ... their happy , but she's ignorant of a a past huge mess-up on his part . the funny thing is that they started off not so great . the only other example i ... so , anyone know of a couple that just seems great for each other ands seems to have withstood the test of time ? pls do tell . not literally looking for perfection or a fairy tale ; just something ... david eddings's belgarion series and piers anthony's incarnations of immortality . also this old book of greek mythology and ooo ! the fairy tale books full of stories compiled by andrew ... picasso ( esp . his blue period and his paintings of his blonde lover ( the pink lady ) , matisse , renoir , kadinsky , pollock , gaugin ... i also looove ceramics ! especially raku . and moon jars . ... ok . so i'm in one of my i-feel-lost moods , and was wondering what kinds of job / goals other infps are doing that are making them feel happy and fulfilled . specific examples of things that make u ... i dreamt i was lied to by one of the ppl i'm closest to in this world , and then i was under water in a network of tunnels and caverns . i started swimming , but didn't know if i was going in the right ... you can train yourself to remember your dreams if you want to . when you wake up , before talking or moving around to much / doing anything , write down as much as you recall of your dream . you'll ... i made this weird buy yummy dip ( cream cheese + mushroom sauteed in butter , balsamic vinegar , and worcester sauce + chives + asiago cheese ) with ritz crackers . before that it was raspberries with ... i'd like to be an enfp . so why would anyone want to be an i ? i think if i could find a goal and the path leading to it , something fulfilling , and idealistic for me , i'd feel better about ... i agree with this . the truth is , one learns ways around it . it is a weak spot , it's not unsurpassable ... with me , when i have to work in a setting where i need to stay on top of the ball , i ... ok . so i have add . i went to a competative college to get my first degree , and during my last two years i ended up acceding to taking amph . salts . it helped me get through college , but i hated it ... make a list of things you want to do before u die that are meaningful to you and that you'll be proud of . try to focus on them ? how is what you're doing destructive ? and what are ways it ... i've definitely had this thought before . i think i'd dislike myself and be impatient with myself . i would , however , enjoy analyzing myself and studying myself--first from afar .. and seeing how ... well , having a fifty-fifty chance , i'd pick j from looking at that photo :P not that i don't write the occassional to do list and occassionaly organize things , but something about the layout just ... umm ... do you mean perceivers ? i think the js are the judgers ... awesomest : when you go to a party , do you need to get away after a while , even when it's people you're comfortable with ? ... you love horse-back riding but feel guilty for riding the horse . you think it's important to train one's dog , but at the same time feel twinges of guilt and hate the idea of training anything ... excitable , depressed , altruistic , self-analytical , curious hmm ... i think my five would change alot depending on my mood i have three good friends , and one close cousin ( tho he's mad at me at the moment and it's killing me ) usually i'd have a handful or so of other ppl i hang out with and are friends but whom i ... it would be an egg as it hits the frying pan--except it would be multi-colored and you'd see abstract images of beautiful scenery--landscapes , figures , etc . - - and at first you'd think it pretty in a ... teehee . is loving puns to do with being an infp ? cuz that just tickled me pink :P when your deathly shy , but pigheaded violence and bigotry upsets you to the point where you either forget cuz you're so upset you just want to jump into the situation and fix things---or just walk ... [ quote = justhere ; 1807390 ] why do i act different around one person or another , ugh ! , just act like yourself . don't second guess ! ooo this is a good one ! it goes totally against the whole ... [ quote = ethylester ; 347760 ] you know yr an infp when : you laugh in movie theaters when no one else does you wish you were an animal because then you could do whatever you wanted and no one would ... this is so trueee ! ! ! it's like i don't have a type based on the physical because i see beauty in all the physical types . and ppl don't believe me when i say that ! i looove nature ! ! ! i love forests and mountains , oceans , rivers , - - i love to go camping , kayaking , hiking ... i've been spelunking and rock-climbing - - i love getting lost in the woods and ... i'm passionate about life , but at the same time want to die . i'm passionate about honesty , sincerety , trust , and true love , and yet i went ahead and got into a relationship that snowballed out of ... i feel jaded , but deep down , i'm still a hopeless romantic . i think that's why i feel jaded ; cuz i know the dreams are probably way wayyy up in those clouds and not as close to my fingertips as ... ... when you not only stop to smell the flowers , but accidentally start daydreaming about them emoting , or the images they form ( like cloud-shapes ) ... when you start off walking somewhere and then ... lol , that laughing and getting weird stares and getting all abashed happens to me alll the time . same with getting lost while driving . '