' well , first you can stop thinking that any person who wants to talk to you is trying to get in your pants . secondly , stop thinking a relationship is going to get your life back on track . healing ... yeah , it's $ 24 . hhhnnnggg i want to do this now . but 2,500 yen is expensive . even moleskine is half the price ( and still expensive ) . damn . i can't help noticing how everyone says she's exactly their own type . i always wanted to blend in , so i'll say isfp . how to paint like other types : sj : you don't . and you don't let others do it either . nt : throw any colour on the canvas , it looks like shit . you think it's art . nf : look around you for an ... this . :) everything i had to name on the internet ( username , email , etc . ) were names of people i admire , and nothing was my own invention . monteverdi is such a bro . you guys have the best art out of the nfs . :) adolescence . it'll pass when he'll be older . till then , why not try and help him ? guide him to channel his anger in the right direction , see what is causing the behavior . are you , the parents , too ... no idea in which way , hence why i'm asking . dunno . why are you intimidated by it ? psh one week is nothing , i disappeared for three months once . can't that be said about anyone ? then you should upgrade your reading to forum posts . found it on here and the nt section . maybe even on other sites , can't remember . they just stated that ... and compared to what ? te-fi ? in general ? dude , it's not an attitude , it's a way of being . i do the same , my friends got used to it , and let me be . they know i always come back . don't stress us , we're already stressed from the thing we were ...  green , yellow , blue what happened is that your mother controled you so much , now that you are on your own you don't know what to do with yourself . no wonder you suffer from indecisiveness . you let your mother make the ... nope , don't have the problem . no , i don't ask others for their opinion when faced with a decision . unless it concerns my future and i've absolutely no clue what to do then i'd see what more ... we were talking about alcoholic drinks . suddenly i remembered a show where they presented alternatives for women who can't handle alcohol . me : hey ! did you know there are nonalcoholic fruit ... which of the four sps are you ? isfp how often do you text ? once a year . receive them ? vodafone are the only people who text me . how soon do you reply ? do you ever just look at a kandinsky and get really angry ? nope , never . when i like someone they know it up front and right away . i like you , let's do something together . and then i'd proceed to bounce around them . i'm always the one who initiates contact ... who ? one of my best friends is infp and he says that's the thing he loves the most about our friendship . figures , as fi gets easily beaten , so when you find someone similar it's like quitting your day job ... so you're going to let other people decide your romantic partner ? well , if that's your thing , whatever floats your boat then . truth is , romantically , you choose your partner based on your own ... y'all need to stop this and enjoy the other person's qualities . imagine how dreadful it would be if the world was populated solely by your clones . that being said , long term couples mesh their ... it's the entp . the entj is the conflict one . because duality . thank you guys , you've been very insightful and helpful . for the both of us . ... when no matter how many tests you take you always score balanced , yet you don't feel like it at all . there are major flaws in your method . you can't know for sure any of us is isfp . you'll need more participants than this forum can offer for a research of this type . you'll also need to take into ... you should , if you can . i'm on a hiking trip right now and it's been nothing short of awesome . being in nature truly feels like being home . you don't even have to do anything . you can just sit there ... you're talking about people , not types . mine was secular islamic . people who are the same age and sex as you are most likely to prefer impressionism people who also score highly in your dominant personality trait are most ... what's the best way to care for you when you're depressed or just feeling down ? dos and don'ts ? benja used to be one of us . now he's unknown personality . and that sounds like quite an adventure you've had in just 2 years . well , i know infps to be adorable , but never met their extroverted ... you're going to end up like benja , aren't you ? go through all the types , identify with none , then retire . i guess great people never find their place in the world . job hunting . hulia i made donuts last week , and each day , as to commemorate , i burned a finger . but it's ok . i've heard about this intuitive who finished mit or something , but who would dry his hair with a ... harry is isfp . jesus and god are all types . you could have been anything you wanted , but you settled for some letters ... only another superior isfp being could possibly satisfy the needs and wants of a superior isfp such as myself . where do you guys hang out ? we've been over this before ... thomas de quincey - on murder considered as one of the fine arts i see we have the same tastes . we'll see if anyone opposes . '