' i guess i am , but it needs to be more tightly defined my foremost desire is to get out of office / corporate culture at some point . dear esfj , it is disturbing how little you think for yourself . or even worse , how little you understand your own actions and feelings . how have you gone through this much life being this way ? i ... i'm pretty romantic . as a previous poster said , romance usually is not grand gestures . it's the little things that make the other person feel desired or valued . i can't really describe more than ... intelligence turns me on too , big time . i think one of the biggest misconceptions is if independence , intelligence , strength are good characteristics in women . of course they are , independence is ... 1 ) my girlfriend just texted me 2 ) looking something up 3 ) using spotify / music 4 ) youtube 5 ) browsing social media even though i'm not enjoying it ( lobotomy boredom mode ) no difficulty . i feel more apprehension telling my parents i love them , which is something i've never been able to figure out ( i'm not a teenager ) . was a cpa / accountant and did not like the work and felt trapped in monotony . now i'm in management consulting . seems great and better suited for me , but i'll wait until the new job shine wears ... the tests are bullshit - - so based on life experience i'll say that i'm relatively introverted unless someone grabs my attention intellectually or with a certain refreshing authenticity and daring . ... similar to adultchildofalieninvaders , i am deeply cynical but also generally happy . seeing how trite and boring most things are just makes me appreciate my own eccentricity more . i'm weird and i ... fighting - - in typical nt vs sj fashion . she'd been crying every day over the last week from our arguments . blunt jerks and sensitive illogical people do not mix , something i should have learned ... just got dumped for the first time last night . feels bad man . wait , do you want this person to empathize with you or to ruin them ? if it's just to empathize , you don't need to do that . just tell people in the group the shitty things the person has done , your ... not to put too much vitriol in this , but fe is kind of a pathetic function . the best way for a fe-dom to lose its power is for it to lose its support . fe is nothing without other people approving ... lol @ people falling for this can't say i really relate to this . i'm bored easily of a banal conversation , or a shared activity , but it doesn't mean i'm necessarily bored of the person . my friends are mostly from childhood and ... i had a four year relationship with an isfj and it was a passionate , sometimes turbulent , experience . we could have easily gotten married , but her jealousy / insecurity issues among a few other things ... i say less than a month . not because of the outdoor activity issue , but because you're already worried your interests aren't good enough for her . i strongly prefer introverts to our extraverted brethren . i'm 100 % cool with silence if there's nothing interesting to say at the moment . what is the hand gesture for lizard ? edit : nevermind i looked it up entps would be great teachers in my opinion - - at least the ones that can handle being a hypocrite . half of the rules and habits that you'll enforce are shit an entp would never do , and did not do ... the best compliment i ever received was i know that you're 100x smarter than me , but you've never made me feel stupid this was a great post . i'm about to be 28 and experiencing depression for the first time and i can say both of these things definitely contributed . nerdy and somewhat awkward , if we're being real . not that everyone is like that , but that's my general assumption . never typed one per se , but i find go-getter bossy people really annoying . i'll do the male version because i think men are way more tolerant of clingyness and neediness . if done right it seems feminine and sweet . at extreme levels it can be repulsive , but to reach that ... i'm not seen as emotionless ; i have a very expressive face . if anything , people think i'm being more passionate and speaking with more fervor than i actually am . people will think i really care ... sounds like you're more emotional than you perceive yourself . it's not good to be repressed . let them feels flow . 1 . what do you do ? it auditor / cpa 2 . is your job your passion ? rate your passion out of 10 ( 10 being most passionate ) , and then describe . 1.5 . it is too tedious for me and the material does not ... all isxj it's kinda weird a gloryhole good thing i'm not a sexual predator because i don't mind period sex at all . i love dogs and owning dogs but i'm also very into obedience training . i still want to know what kind of battle a boy challenges a girl to . were you gonna fight ? freestyle rap ? play pogs or pokemans ? what the fuck did i just read ? : laughing : i challenge you to a battle i have never had this problem so i have no idea . in my head , things only have the value you assign to them . you will be dead and none of this will matter . the most cliche shit in the world , ... oh come on , how are you too busy to trip every so often ? if someone is boring and secretive , how would you ever know that they are an n ? maybe they're just a run-of-the-mill boring istj ? i never understood the ability to type strangers that are quiet . ... should i be concerned ? i answered very honestly . 290690 drinking - - sure , of course . i'll binge drink when i go out , which is not that often anymore . nowadays my drinking is usually limited to sharing a bottle of wine with my girl or having a drink or ... i think it's like that please be nice to me article thing says . that was one of the most lucid points in that article . i can ne jizz on people all day and ramble for hours on end . but if it's ... overwhelmed , what a load of horse shit . she should have left the house - - not you . i have sociopathic traits for damn sure , but i'm also certainly not one . too many feels / nostalgia / guilt / etc . plus i had a great childhood and almost no trauma , so i'm a lucky bastard . if ... hell yeah , me too ! ... oh :( confession time - - i'm kind of a douche . not in a malicious way . but i notice that when i'm really close to someone , i'm able to psychoanalyze them really well . when i do so , and i notice ... does people pleasing behavior repulse you in other people ? oops , i didn't mean to type rugby . i was referring to cricket . doesn't rugby have more protective gear than baseball ? the leg pads and whatnot ? i lol'd stupid alert box . mine was something like 80 masculine , 40 feminine , 42 neutral '