' this happens with pretty much everyone i meet , which is awesome at first , but disappointing later . it's important to have goals . i thought it would be cool to share ours with each other . so if you've already made one , or want to , post them here . here's mine ( from 4 or 5 years ago ): ... here's to the crazy ones here's to the crazy ones . the misfits . the rebels . the troublemakers . the round pegs in the square holes . the ones who see ... bees . and dying alone ( i mean the actual moment when you know that you're about to die ) . awesome question . i have so many stories that i haven't finished writing because i've been protecting my characters from getting hurt or changing into someone i don't like anymore . slaughterhouse five ( 1969 ) by kurt vonnegut also in this book : the main chracter is on a ... me too ! people always tell me how quiet , and calm , and happy i am . they think that i never get angry , or upset , because i apparently give off this zen-like yoda vibe . and every time i hear that i ... acey is awesome : happy : maybe ... but there's so much more to being an infp ( or any other type ) than the criteria for depression . but i don't really think of depression as a mental disorder . if anything , i think it's actually ... the future soon by johnathan coulton last week i left a note on laura's desk it said i love you signed anonymous friend turns out she's smarter than i thought she was she knows i wrote ... chasing cars we'll do it all everything on our own we don't need anything or anyone 19728calvin and hobbes leo ( proof that astrology has major problems with accuracy ) being introverted is not a disorder . even though i don't really agree with labeling social anxiety a disorder , its generallu reserved for people that want to be social and interact with people , but ... would that mean that i'm fated to die at a certain time ? ultramarine and the sky at night when there are no clouds . when everything dark and hard to see , but the sky ill still blue . it's beautiful . i cant ' help but put my head up when i'm walking at night ... i . need . sleep . unfortunately people like us are hard to find . what kind of courses are you taking ? certain subjects tend to attract different personalities . you could try going to events around campus for causes ... yes yes above yes hi chris , thanks so much for sharing the journey that brought you here . welcome home : happy : . i'm studying to be a counsellor too ( and so are many others in this forum ) . your future clients will ... good choice on texting instead of calling . the thing about infps and i think introverts in general is that we tend not to hang out or talk to people just for the sake of it . so i think whether or not ... exactly . you don't have to be mean or just stop talking to them , but just start being busy and you'll drift apart . hell is other people . jean-paul sartre ( one of my favorite philosophers ) interesting question . i learned a new word : happy : . for me , while i love the idea of letting go all material possessions and traveling and developing who you are as a person , i wouldn't be satisfied ... i think it depends on how you feel about war . oh , i know . my phrasing was weird ; it's always tricky getting meaning across in words . that's an awkward place to be in . the samekind of thing happens to me too . whenever i tell someone that i'm ... disorder rating paranoid : low schizoid : high schizotypal : high antisocial : low borderline : low histrionic : low narcissistic : low avoidant : low dependent : low if you pretend to be their friend , how are they supposed to know the difference ? most people can't tell when someone is being genuine or not . especially when the don't expect it . also , it seems like ... also , imagine by the beatles imagine there's no heaven it's easy if you try no hell below us above us only sky imagine all the people living for today ... imagine there's no countries fool on the hill by the beatles the fool on the hill lyrics artist ( band ): the beatles review the song ( 55 ) print the lyrics send the fool on ... i know the feeling . i'm trying to remain a student for as long as i possibly can because i get bored and restless very easily . i've had part-time jobs , but i would quit after a few months . it's hard ... in elementary school , my art teacher got us to create our own cover for time magazine . we had to imagine what would get us on the cover . i thought this would be the perfect forum to share our ... thanks for sharing . i've always enjoyed being alone , but lately i suspect that's just something i tell myself so that i don't feel as lonely . search search for : go home about archives i forgot one : we by yevgeny zamyatin i ready way too much , and dystopian novels are my favorites . anything by kurt vonnegut ( my favorite writer ): slaughterhouse five , sirens of titan , cat's cradle , breakfast of champions , slapstick ... wonderfalls : the show centres on jaye tyler ( caroline dhavernas ) , a recent brown university graduate with a philosophy degree , who holds a dead-end job as a sales clerk at a niagara falls gift ... this is awesome :) thanks when i'm bored on a bus or skytrain , i narrate myself and other people in my head or in my notebook . i wish i had magical powers or that something supernatural would happen . i'm just so bored with the way things are . wow , you're right . i didn't know who he was . the movie sounds awesome . downloading it now :) 16129161301 6131161 32 i was an infj when i took it during highschool . my first year of college , when i started taking philosophy classes , i became an infp . and have been ever since . i'm not sure that i understand you . do you mean that when you encounter other people , you try and read their minds so that you can tailor the conversation to suit their needs ? and you feel that you ... i've been on effexor and wellbutrin for about 6 months now . i felt high for the first week . my pupils were huge . but after that it gets better . the scary effexor stories are people that just stop at ... default . there aren't many people that i genuinely want to be around . that's me . there's this program called photobooth on my macbook , and one of the settings makes the picture look like a comic book . what does percaf mean ? lazy geniuses that's perfect : happy : '