' debating if i should eat or sleep t . t hi ! sluts ! ill take that as a yes ! my valentine :D something more when you join me xoxo who says im showering alone ? its okay ! ! it always happens when im around , let me get a towel for you . well , i am what i eat . thank you for pointing that out . get a little wet yet ? you got the right idea oh ! ! ! thanks for taking initiative ! ! ill join you xoxo sits in the corner with lazerus with a bucket over his head , by the way ! lets hold hands ! it adds to the immersion . lol thats no fun ! how else do you propose to spend the last hours with me ? ? :) ) a game to make anyone blush ! ! * pulls out board game * shouts , twister ! ! ! dont listen to what haldir says . he speaks for himself . by the way , over here , valentines day isnt over yet . want to make the most of what time we have left ? ^ ^ i forgot how good coheed was ! ! i havent listened to them since highschool . i like the more pop , sides lol it seems like that's all i listen to anymore . hahahaha kiss sorry , you excited me o . o owlet i gotta admit i am pretty out of practice with coheed . could you guide my hands to new horizons ? by the way , i like tall girls : wink : i can give you the p and the d , not too sure what you mean by the h . i am waiting ! ! the most gracious of hosts ! who said anything about going to your place , i just want to get to know you :P lets go on an adventure together ! ! already there , waiting for you . oh let me join you babe ! lazerus i want to dance with you . its okay babe , i run at the speed of light , lets cross time together it could either be a small bird or the love of your life ! the odds are in your favor awww ... are we having our first fight ? ! thats so cute , lets make up and cuddle :) ) it grows bigger the closer you get to it babe you could always help us re-position ourselves to suit your needs . oh girl ... what ever you want , we aim to please oh ? ! planning your escape so we can be together ! ! with me and you sharing the afternoon together babe . so , i cant promise that i wont tell you your theories are confuzzling , but i could always listen to them and try to understand them ^ ^ that wont be the only thing you will be cursing with me ^ ^ i love piña colada's . would you like to lay with me while we watch the sunset together ? ill show you a star ^ i cant say it would get romantic but , today would be really fun with me around you . ready to steal some hearts ! intp ! how old are you now ? at 3 years old . is rather extremely ambiguous , as your personality develops over time , and as you adapt to your surroundings , environments , social and psychological experiences ... if you start crying while sex . sure enough . you are an infp upstream color ( 2013 ) one of the most emotionally satisfying , thought provoking films i have seen in 2016 . sooo cute can people look at this pls ! ! bump deep . i thought they were trying to hard . how much i need to work but every time i accidentally click a link , i spend 15 minutes on something completely irrelevant . john olsen to shaun white , to personality cafe . dont be a cunt . give them more work ! but let them know there is room for improvement . it scares me more if they say yes who is the most awesome person today ? ? you are ! ! you are such a treasure of a human being . i hope you never die . the only thread for on drunk parrot can give advice . anyone can post , support drunk parrot's advice , expound on his advice , and refuel his narc supply . dear , drunk parrot . i need advice for ... i wish i could teleport and disappear . '