' i already posted the first one in the what are you listening to thread , but ... and another one ... no . i never know if the person i might like to flirt with is actually interested , so i never try . consequentially , i suck at flirting . horribly . kind of ? not many people flirt with me . being born ... you're welcome . sorry for the length , but this has been eating me alive for the entire day , and i need to tell someone the entire thing ... so today for my intro to public speaking course , we were all given topics ... lemurs ! anyone with whom i have common interests and can have a good discussion and a good time . which ends up being some people in my age group and some people up to 30 years older than me . uproariousness ! repressed pain ... sometimes , it's our brains repeating information and events that have happened to us recently--last week i marathoned 72 episodes of an anime series , and that anime was the theme of a very short ... three of my best friends are infj and intj ( 2 intj's ) , and i know this definitively . i think everyone else in my really close group of friends falls somewhere in that category , maybe an infp in there ... i went to northern ireland to see st . patrick's first church , his gravestone , the largest statue of him in the world on top of a ( at the time ) very muddy hill , and the city he established as the seat ... root : under-active ( 0 % ) sacral :op en ( 31 % ) navel : under-active ( - 38 % ) heart : under-active ( 6 % ) throat :op en ( 12 % ) third eye :op en ( 38 % ) crown : under-active ( 0 % ) a loootta chakras to open ... i don't always have my mind completely and involuntarily filled with thoughts about what the people around me would look like naked and otherwise being filled with all the dirty images i've ever seen ... two steps from hell - archangel i've been told i'm annoying because i try too hard to fit in and be accepted . 48 % combativeness , 10 % sneakiness , 59 % intellect , 78 % spirituality brilliant and spiritual ! you are a mystic theurge ! score ! you have a prestige class . a prestige class can only be taken after ... thunder and lightning fade into the night's silence have a dream-filled sleep ... when you're watching lilo & stitch and you're like why am i having so many feels : crying : i think strongly considering deleting the entire thing because you didn't like the way it transitioned from your head to your keyboard is infp , fwiw . : happy : welcome to the forum ! frozen skies above glittering earth is below fly on heaven's wings i know it's expected that i do , but i can't--mainly because i can never tell whether a girl likes me or just thinks of me as a friend , and i don't want to mess it up ... i don't think you're afraid of committing per se . i think you're afraid of committing to the wrong person . how does this intj feel to you ? is he different to the others ? yes , i routinely doubt myself and don't give myself credit for doing anything well or being good at doing certain things . i've been making a conscious effort to have more self-pride and self-love ( in ... over the last couple days , i've been talking with a vegetarian friend of mine , and i got to thinking , animals , cows , pigs , goats , etc . are living , thinking , feeling creatures just as we are . they ... you are a hawk ! ( your score : 28 ) characters : galen , thera , zilus in the aspect of crow trilogy ; maxine in the wild's call powers : communicate with the divine , discern powers in others , ... sanguine phlegmatic . totes me . not me ; - ; how does an infp become adorable ? : o i never really did anyhing like that , but i typically do like to take the bed or the room closest to the door , so if anyone breaks in , i'm the first one they have to get through . transcendentalist , sentimentalist , philosopher , bilbo baggins and samwise gamgee all sound like me . yeah , open relationships are not monkey barrels of fun . it just shows that one or both of the partners aren't fully committed to making the relationship work and are just looking to have fun . ... yep , that sounds pretty infp to me . the latter parts of what you wrote sound almost exactly like stuff i've written in journal entries / poems before . i wish i had your eloquence and vividness in ... travel the crap out of europe and whatever other places interest me . in addition to finding a wife , settling down and having a family , i'd buy good music and good books , stay in college and learn ... it depends on the stressful situation . i lost my glasses a while ago for good , and as i was tracing my steps through the city , i was pretty emotionally stressed . it took me the weekend to get over it ... hoo , boy , here goes with the questionnaire . if you read through all this in one sitting , props to you . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a ... yo , so every time i take a personality quiz , regardless of the site , i almost always get infp . my socionics seems to be either iei or eii . yet when i test my cognitive functions , both of my ... 1 : say lolwat and let him have my cheese , if i have any . then ask why he , a green pirate , wants my cheese . 2 : walk up to the owl and demand that it give my ramen back so i can eat my delicious ... well , i think it's for the best . if she doesn't want to make the relationship to work , how worth it is it to put in all that effort if it won't accomplish anything anyway ? my sympathies . here's ... if they had wells as deep as your eyes , the water i'd draw from them would be as pure as your smile . ( heart rather than smile if i knew the person well ) you hit the nail on the head . in order to be ourselves , first we have to figure out who and what we even are . they're the lucky few of us who have relationships . 126857 what . i'm a leo , which is supposed to be basically the opposite of infp . . _ . i always have described myself as a cuddly lion ... maybe i'm an unhealthy lion ? meh , i prefer dogs because they like to be petted and want you to give them all the attention . they are also very happy and loving and genuinely enjoy your company and don't care about how you look ... yes and yes , depending on what constitutes reading--i . e . books vs . forums . i don't do this a whole lot . dear god yes . i prefer dragons and werecats . why god why ? ! yes . same with cats , and children . and when either or all of them die , you want to punch the movie / storm / monster / director / whatever in the face . along those same lines , you know you're an infp when ... am i the only infp here that has to consciously try to be flirty with people and won't make physical contact with a member of the opposite sex unless i like her or i'm practicing what i think ... she have to have soft , gentle eyes . long hair is gorgeous , but shorter hair is just fine , too , and can be just as beautiful ; just as long as i can play with it and it looks nice . flat-chested girls ... i have no problem with a stepbrother and stepsister . societally it is a big awkward , but i see no problem here . even ignoring my religious position on the matter , siblings having sex is definitely not a normally or naturally occurring thing , and avoiding having sex with our siblings seems to be practically ... sometimes it's realistic themes in a bizarre sequence , or bizarre landscapes . i haven't had nightmares ( i . e . dreams that scared me ) for a really long time , but i've had one or two that were close , ... god damnit , i'm a sexist . i thought that maybe the doctor was the boy's original father and the one who died was the stepdad or adopted father , i thought of a gay couple , but didn't think the doctor ... '