' hahahaha , you guys are hilarious . i suppose i should do that , i don't quite understand myself all too well anywho . as to the , ' making stuff up as you go that happens to be correct / make sense , i ... after taking about a dozen personality tests over the course of about two months i came to the conclusion of being an intp , although unwillingly . a few things stood out to me that i didn't agree ... nothing too fancy my dream goal is pretty simple ( not necessarily to achieve ) . i want a family , and a good earning to live comfortably . i'd like money to not be an issue , so i can treat my family ... i love you , because elephant six , and because otc . well , i don't actually flirt , or atleast use the conventional method of flirting . what i won't do is initiate , i'm not a great initiator unless i'm speaking with someone who's catching my drift ... mhm , grateful dead is amazing . you're welcome ; spread those wings of musical appreciation and download that album . it'll make you feel good when you're not . you could technically find any mbti type anywhere at any given time . if i could only fit the amount of music i listen to in about an hour in one post .  this is kind of dead for a deathmatch ( no pun intended . ) . where's all the aggressive text correspondence ? morality and the transverse of values are something i find to be almost completely subjected . personally , i've drawn meaning from the cultural values my parents ( and society ) imposed on me , ... all i learned from traditional public us schooling was regurgitation and reiteration . the school system in my state is not necessarily poorly funded , it's just the lack of attention , and willingness ... and here i am , shuffling in place uncomfortably , pondering on why i'd ever want emotional propinquity , and why i'm doomed to never escape the temptation of something so carnal . ( not to be mistaken ... [ center ] why has this even become something so difficult to dissmiss s . o . s to mcollective consciousness i come as : much less capable to create something of significance initiating unison with ... i dislike questioning everything from questioning something . some altercation will arise , i'll think about it , i'll think about how i felt towards the argument , the person , etc . i'll find a fault ... thank you ! i should have both of those things by the end of december if not sooner , i'll make sure to post a few of my work in progress clips on perc , so have a lookout . :) i actually have audacity ... i'm enjoying . i'm planning on starting on an ep as soon as i get a good microphone and amp for my bass . i really like this style . is that real video footage sped up by any chance ? serotonin plays a large role within one aspect of human behavior , and that is generally mood . for example , irregular levels of serotonin ( and several other chemical imbalances ) are commonly found in ... native language is spanish . i've become much more fluent in english though . i'm usually always just jamming > yay for being constantly unoccupied . that was a bit convoluted , but once i understood what you were going with i actually laughed a little . yeah , you're totally right . by your theorem we're all effectively lying , some more effectively ... guu you sound like you have absolutely no idea what you're talking about . stop perpetuating the dumb propaganda . very few drugs are actually bad for you , but not nearly as much as they're ... maturity is a bullshit social construct . we're all kids pretending to know what the fuck we're doing . research chemicals actually put me on to my desired field of study , which is chemistry . because i was so cautious with what i was putting into my body i absorbed every bit of information on the ... i completely respect this , on so many levels . i've always personally felt that whatever i decide to do with my life will be objectively memorable , at least a little . i'm not particularly striving ... i'm an avid marijuana and tobacco smoker , i've thoroughly dabbled in psychedelics ( a lot ) , i don't fancy alcohol too much . i'm just a sad shit trying to find some external sense of inner normalcy , ... my cat makes the most adorable noises when i cuddle him . my cat's so cute . c : my kin would kill each other in a fit of sexual frustration . i have very , very little hope for a society built by multiples of me . it'd the former or we'd reach a utopian state of perpetual love ... well , i wear graphic band tee's , have a few drug-related t-shirts ; in fact my favorite t-shirt is a black t-shirt that reads lsd problem child wonder drug . i also often wear skate shoes , mainly ... i apologize for not ever taking anything seriously , including this , which i also apologize for , but i'm not seriously apologizing with intent , i'm just apologizing to apologize . sorry . i'm just lazy , honestly . i'm not even going to try and justify the means i take to do anything other than what i want to do seriously . efficacy , and efficiency are really my motif anyway ... not to diminish your situation , but depression is a little more than just the temporal downs , exemplified here with your relationship / situational conflict . a venting thread , i think would've been ... 86031 i know i look somewhat hippie-ish , but this is my usual attire , and what i'm usually doing . i don't know very many intp musicians , i wonder where i could find them . anyway , considering this ... not particularly , i'll remind my close friend , and whoever else cares to ask . i honestly get anxious just thinking about my birthday , i don't necessarily like the attention , but i don't dislike it ... well , when i communicate , my main objective is efficacy . i can't seem to level with anyone incapable of understanding my casual vernacular , which is pretty much this . it takes more of an effort to ... adult swim has transformed into this psychedelic , edm , elctronica driven platform , even the tv shows are like that . i have to say i fucking adore adult swim . china , il , takes the gold for me . my ... i sincerely doubt that's entirely legitimate , although i catch your drift , must suck ( or no since you're probably not an avid substance user hence , what you said . ) also , ... eternal sunshine of the spotless mind theme - jon brionaside from this being a great movie , it has a great soundtrack . john obrion is a great musician . i've able to really vibe with this theme ... i am a strange loop by douglas hofstadter it's an incredibly interesting book , but it's such a boring read at the same time . i can't seem to find another way to explain it without the oxymora ... this poem's kind of silly , really . the fibonacci conifer devouring the spiral number ( phi ) nding god and gold the fibonacci conifer , spiraling the fibonacci conifer , perpetuating the ... 85342 yes , the pose was intentional , i had something in mind when i took this . anywho , i'm an airplane , y'all . as opposed to the conventional use of ' venting ' , which under my definition , means diddling about day to day disturbances ; i'll just collect a list of ideas that have been perpetuating themselves ... '