' 8: 30pm central time , new years is upon us once again ... not sure why tonight i felt so compelled to check back in with my fellow infjs after being away for a while . yet i am here and saying happy new ... one thing that irritates me is people asking me are you alright ? your really quiet .. when i don't talk or add to conversations and just listen . i should expect it from long experience with hearing ... story of my life really ... most of the friends i have had throughout my life were consistently older or at least older in maturity . one of the closest friends i ever had when i was in the ... for me its all about the atmosphere that the music creates that pulls me . lyrics aren't something that i really focus on at all , i focus mostly on the instruments and the melody . i look for music ... sure my mother hit me when i was out of line but i wouldn't consider it physical abuse . my father was a heavy drinker but was never one to take out problems on the family since like me .. he was the ... 27 . but if you were ask anyone that knows me they probably would think that i'm 10 years older ... the military can do that to you . if anyone ever asks me i just tell them i am as old as they feel i am ... i will go with b and c , i have always done these with many of my conversations and many times i do it so that the other person can know that i was either in agreement or so that they can know i was ... i feel like going on a journey ... to where i don't know but perhaps inward is a good direction to start ... for people who do like metal : when , where , and how were you introduced to metal ? what is your favorite band ? why are they your favorite band ? i was first introduced to metal when my brother ...  mine is mostly a chuckle , im far to serious most of the time to really bust out laughing uncontrollably most of my choices in avatars come from my love for dark , gothic art and imagery that is to me sometimes beautiful and at other times absolutely terrifying . i have always been drawn to the ... this about sums up my feelings ... great post btmangan , the world is indeed full of bullshit , i've come across my fair share of it as well . the world is definitely how we make it , humans are flawed and the millions of systems that we ... edited : being a veteran i want to say something about that privilege bit but to be honest ... it ain't worth it and i don't want to get banned . in a change i'll just say , i wish you the absolute best ... emperor ... best black metal band ever ... with strength i burn live at wacken 2006 i could probably explain my inner world enough that i could get other infjs to understand why i personally do what i do , and why i think , daydream and interpret the world the way i do , but its ... honestly ... i would probably jump on the internet and read up , watch videos on how to properly walk like a women , put on makeup and actually learn how to do what women do so i don't stand out . i ...  you need to breathe and lay down ... relax a little bit its going to be a nice day , the sun is out and the birds are chirping :) ... and .. you just holster that weapon and keep ... that movie goes well beyond what we have seen from most hollywood movies arguably since star wars . the philosophical and religious underpinnings in the movie are so subtle and grand that it really ... so whats going on ? i missed something but i did read everything but still i'm not sure exactly what is happening > , < . i have a list of movies that have really moved me by recently one movie and its successor really touched me to the core . before sunrise and before sunset are two movies that i have watched over ... this really only would make me incredibly overjoyed but i came across a game a few weeks ago , that just blew my mind ... dj hero . i had no idea this thing existed , being a dj and then finding out there ... the sound they have is fantastic , i would so throw that track down in a breakbeat set . its a lot like the electropop / breakbeat sound that has become very big in europe ( especially france ) and in ... my favorite movie :) pretty much the same with me ... except replace hubby with friends : tongue : . trust me , your not the only one ... i don't feel i belong anywhere but this forum is unique in that people share openly anything they feel . if your afraid then here is a good place to start sharing , ... i think you do , sure your hair is red but red hair in general is mostly just a rare trait but not so much a defining feature of lineage . i think you really do have a great blend of scottish and ... honestly i really take my intuition with a grain of salt precisely for these reasons , so that i don't allow it to interfere with my ideas of who other people really are . when i was younger this very ... welcome mumbles , always good to see more infjs joining our little hidden community . hope you enjoy yourself and find the forum helpful and maybe insightful , once again welcome ! . : laughing : most daring thing i ever did was when i was serving in iraq . i volunteered to go on a really dangerous mission with another unit ( didn't really think that one through too well > , < ) that would take us ... i see this as song as a good metaphor for an infjs struggle with their own mind and feelings . come in out of the rain thou sayest - but thou ne'er ... i say just go with the flow and if something interests you or its something that you agree with or moves you ... use the thank button . i really don't even think about it i just use it when i feel its a ... while i do enjoy reading fantasy , science fiction , and gothic fiction in general i have read far more books on philosophy , sociology , psychology and linguistics . i have always enjoyed reading on ... feeling a little traditional today . i dedicate this to all the northerners who may never get to experience the south . i played everquest back in 01 but i never really gave it much time like my buddies did , i was too busy with bands and djing . i played world of warcraft for about a year during the burning crusade ... every time you think about it it tears you up inside you curse the day your mother told you , your father died now you're always searching searching ... its kind of funny because when i was in school being forced to learn subjects it was much harder for me to learn about things since i just didn't care enough about those subjects at the time . outside ... yea ... i'm pretty stretched to come up with a definition of love that i honestly believe . i've had two long relationships , one that lasted 3 years in high school that i thought maybe would have ... ghost in the shell ( later on sac ) , akira and the rurouni kenshin series are my absolute favorites , those movies were my childhood . they were huge inspirations for me as a musician , some of the first ... going on a long trip around the world with no real destination and get lost out there in the unknown . maybe meet a beautiful woman along the way and find a nice quiet place to live away from the real ... yea .. when i was in high school i used to spin a lot of records with some older friends of mine who i met at raves . i was more into drum and bass and aggrotech but they used to spin a lot of high ... m / : laughing : m / '