'  few favourite ones i found going through my old pic folder :   social insecurity is a catch - 22 . i need to go through some humane experiences , relate to people and stuff like that to help myself but i also need to be more socially secure to get those ... my country found it's first jihadist today . again , he's a weird , shy , loner type of guy who plays videogames . should i get some #notinmyname sticker already ? i have dysfunctional gps , so i cannot play in ar .. dunno , is it even fun without it ? anyway , it's refreshing how for once even people who have nothing in common can get enthustiastic about a silly ... soundtrack for reading news right now . read : 6 harsh truths that will make you a better person | cracked.com ( it's better than the clickbait title would suggest ) was this meant like i hate deadlines but i know i woudn't accomplish anything without them ? if so , that's probably the most relatable thing anyone could come up for me with right now . i liked him more when he speaked for drug legalisation . you will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of . you will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life . ( albert camus ) if you want to build a ship , don't ... this was one of the songs that i fell in love with instantly i when heard them . the listen 10 times and learn to love it thing from him was for me his album low . and my favourite song from him ... most beautiful song in the world right now . but seriously how reliable this is ? i live in czech republic and it's nowhere near 80 % rightist as the compass would suggest . i mean , we have free healthcare , education , communists are stably the ... ( i'm referring to the book versions of characters , i don't really remember the show ) littlefinger : firstly because i enjoy the smart as fuck , manipulative characters who can get things done , and ... there never really is a good time there's always nothing much to say nasa just released more awesome space tourism posters - sciencealert i want to sing the last verse to someone . his previous one is even better . there is nothing in this life but mist , and we will only be alive , for a short time <3  you won't be happy with me , but give me one more chance you won't be happy anyway i like this one more :p   ... ilya ilyich oblomov - from the oblomov book . i'm only halfway through the book , but in some aspects i relate to him in a way which almost scares me . it's not only that i'm also lazy and impractical , ...  added , but i fucked up the first try , it's submitted under anonymous , could someone delete it ? ( it's in western czech republic ) napadynavody.sk | 25 nádherných dverí , ktoré vyzerajú ako vstupy do iných svetov  11 pm - 2 am , i guess , because i usually feel most energetized . it's like if my brain produces some sort of natural amphetamine at this time , and life sometimes feel brighter and filled with ...   why's everybody actin funny ? why's everybody look so strange ? why's everybody look so pretty ? what do i want with all these things ? self-indulgent ... from perspective of someone who had gone through serious bullying , you have no idea what that word means . if i had cared , i would find this downplaying of real issues more offensive than someone ... shit , i feel like idiot now :D saxophones references  how are you doing in that turkish wilderness ? you know , i like you like air after summer storm like a rainy saturday morning like being all night awake and watching snowfall , as a kid like ... me too , yesterday it was something about me and two friends getting inside old cemetary and they turned into psychos trying to do something terrible , i don't remember what , but pretty much something ...  here is a documentary about people like you . it's in czech and i don't know anything else about the subculture , but at least you know ... '