' i'd peg him as a very messed up estj . esfjs are the tits . the first description i read after taking the test didn't sound like me at all . it made it sound like intjs were all into math , computer programming , and playing chess . going in i thought i would ... i recently finished the brothers karamazov by fyodor dostoyevsky and god and the state by mikhail bakunin . i am now reading a delusion of satan : the full story of the salem witch trials by frances ... i tend to avoid bragging , mainly because i'm afraid that right after i do so , some unforseen circumstance is going to cut me down to size . i don't want to create one of those cringeworthy moments , ... yes , i hate everyone on this forum . being deceitful or ambitious are certainly not traits exclusive to intjs , but the fact that he displayed so many different behaviors while pursuing the same subjective goal from the time he was ... octavian celebritytypes had augustus as an intj , then they moved him to the istj column , the traitors . i think he was in fact an intj , mainly because he wasn't a lead-from-the-front kind of guy , ... totally , dude . it sucks being better than everyone else . that's why i have no job and a sixth-grade education , and spend my time watching days of our lives and eating grilled cheese sandwiches . ... had my first wet dream about misty from the old pokemon cartoon . for my part , i've developed closer relationships with infps than i have with infjs , although i've only known a couple infjs . i'm naturally a very guarded person , but something about infps makes ... for some reason i remembered this when i heard the news . he's creating a creature in the video game spore , and just riffing and being hilarious . i didn't know that . they've still got immanuel kant , though . leonardo da vinci was an entp isaac newton was an intj albert einstein was an intp napoleon was an entj i say we call it a draw . currently reading a big book on the thirty years war , so i'll say that's my big interest right now . what a clusterfuck that was . i'm also going to read more about the american revolution , as i ... i love silly rap lyrics . i love who ya are i love who ya ain't you're so anne frank let's hit the attic to hide out for ' bout two weeks - outkast , so fresh , so clean i'm a sucker for ... i'm surprised to see so many arguing for jung as an intp here . i thought the consensus was that he would most closely correspond to infj in mbti terms , having described himself as both a ti and an ... yo yo yo wassup wassup give up the rock , this my rap track son i like glazed honey buns they don't give me the runs i eat that shit for funs and don't even need the tums i also liked skittles ... anyway , i thought the op was funny . no need for everyone to have a war over something as arbitrary as personality types . let's keep our tribal hatreds ... for what it's worth , fi-doms are notorious for being highly sensitive to criticism . their personal value system is extremely important to them , so when they're criticized or perceive themselves as ... double post i have to admit , this made me laugh ; especially the bit about him messing with you and you throwing the volleyball at his face . i can probably guess why he did that . as wrong as it may be , when ... i read crime and punishment on a whim , and was disturbed by the extent to which i identified with raskolnikov . we were both 23 years old , both disenchanted former university students , intellectually ... when god created finitude , love was born ; love is jealousy , love is the elevation of the specific over the general the temporary over the eternal the here-and-now over the hereafter god rebelled ... don't feel bad for us . we secretly love being chased . but don't tell anyone i said that . being do me ! d . o . b . : 06-04- 1990 time : 1:21 pm location : denver , co on second thought , let's not go to little baby's ice cream . ' tis a silly place . send me up , up , spiraling , surging , tumbling , singing , winging up from the house of death , to the gates of holy heaven . do not think i go unarmed ; on my back , my massive hoplon , bronze , ... there's trying to change yourself to fit other people's preferences , and then there's self-mastery - individuation , in jungian terms - wherein a person harmonizes the disparate elements of their ... not a book , but here's my favorite monologue from one of my favorite plays : normally we can't be , but those entp girls won't take no for an answer geez , you too ! ? sorry i'm late responding to your summons . i was trying to fight off the advances of an entp girl . she was all like omg i want you , but i was like babe , i've only known you for 1.3 seconds , but ... this got me pretty good . well , it's impossible to know what exactly is on his mind . my advice is not to overthink it , which i know is easier said than done . if he's inviting you to group outings , i would take that to mean ... i'm a girl ? gross . this is kind of fun ! can i post a couple more ? mountains why have you run off to live in the mountains ? is it because you are tired of being human ? or tired of being an animal ? you seek ... i was on the opposite end of a very similar situation . an esfj i knew expressed interest in me , i turned her down , and things became awkward between us for a while . a lot of what you wrote seems ... the hunt we had set out for some courtly hunting in the forest ; i in my feathered cap and tunic , you in your ivory gown , armed we both with bow and arquebus , when we stumbled upon the bones ... my point is that everyone censors themselves to some degree , based on social norms . it's necessary for being a civilized person . disliking small talk is one thing , but it seems that some intjs , ... how much time do you have ? intjs are probably the most caricatured type online , with much of the caricaturing being done by intjs themselves . the biggest misconception is probably the notion ... i don't understand the relevance of your einstein question . einstein's hair brushing has nothing to do with his fame . ayn rand's fame has everything to do with her books , which are both novels and ... they are attracted to our mating dance and the way our plumage changes color when we reach sexual maturity . i feel like i'm being torn in half . my soul is a battleground between caesar and christ , and one side must win . one nature will achieve total victory over my mind and banish the other ... horrible . fuck valentine's day . ok , my day hasn't been that bad . i just hate valentine's day . when i see an infj bird walking down the street i'm all like i'd certainly be up for it . it's strange ; for all the talk about how smart intjs supposedly are , the vast majority of content on our board seems to be about the most superficial things . you'd think ... come at me infjs . i ain't scurred of you . esfjs have their flaws , but they aren't all bad . at least they're not infjs . * runs out of thread * one that comes to mind is jeremiah johnson , from the film of the same name . he decides to leave civilization to become a mountain man , because that's the only way he can be truly free . he learns ... '