' that made me think of this song ... i don't call it getting lost , i call it getting to know new and unexpected places or avoiding routines by exploring the ( wrong ) alternative paths ...  welcome ! great introduction : crazy : bring one for me , and lets share some thoughts about tomatoes and taoism and enfp neighbors ... ... ( this is what i'm talking about ... at least in my case it happens frequently that i decide to set my ... do you mean that personality traits are 100 % based on nurture ? i was being allegorical ( somewhat ) .. of course we are not facing extinction , but it is a fact that there are few of us - males and ... so , i've been thinking about negative emotions and about how not to repress them - how to live in harmony with them so they don't become monsters in the basement - and then i thought about how ... thought ... infj males are usually not aggressive in terms of finding a partner ... that's why we are facing extinction ... comments ?      you're writing a book ? sorry to meddle but i got kind of curious ... : unsure :  that's one of the possibilities - their sizes are actually perfect for many things , and there are plenty of them with almost the same dimensions ... hum ... but still , i have other books that are ... i think that my unconscious has been finding ways to secretly torture my song of ice and fire books . i ’ m not sure how or why it has been happening , but anytime i need some object to hold doors or ... 172722 i donx 92t have a problem with thatx 85 i donx 92t think that we donx 92t fit because of society ; i think that society doesnx 92t fit anymore in a lucid way of seeing life . more than half of the world ...  creativity turns me on ( and usually turns off my defensiveness ( which some times is good and sometimes not ... ) ) three words - whatever lola wants ;) the divine comedy natural selection wants you to reproduce , to dominate the other species , and to overpopulate the planet . as far as natural selection is concerned , you can be a robot , as long as you satisfy the above ... not a big fan of disturbing movies , but pan's labyrinth caught me unawares ... the movie is brilliant but completely messed up ( imo ) ... the scene of the head smashed by a bottle really lasts too ...  one of those days … i feel like part of me is just looking for cues to engage into mischief ... i've got a load of things to do , but if someone asked me to go eat an ice-cream at the beach i ... they believe in synchronicity so they may not ask you out because they “ know ” that they will meet you by accident in some more favorable scenario ( which rarely happens , but when it does … ) some people just donx 92t respect other peoplex 92s space , this doesnx 92t mean that you need a readymade reaction to everyone who may or may not fit in this specific group of insensitive people . imagine that ... there are days when i feel completely invisible , and i feel miserable . there are days when people turn around to look at me passing by , and then i think my hair is messy . there are days when i ... book : the sorrows of young werther . movies : pan's labyrinth , onegin , the wings of the dove , dune , the fifth element , ... shhh ! i donx 92t think it would be an x93unoriginal good vs evil-story . x94 itx 92s more like the evil within the good vs the good within the evilx 85 i think that the interesting thing about the book is that there is ... so ... i was feeling nostalgic about the song of ice and fire and decided to bring this thread back to life … do you really believe that jon snow is not “ completely ” dead ? i mean , of course he ...  welcome back ... '