' gotcha ... not that familiar with him ... but if you find him inspirational i say good for you ... be inspired ! you know ... there are many inspirational people ... about a week ago ... i printed ... all the f'ing time ... but really the answer is ... once we know ourself ... it doesn't matter because you are the point ... i am the point . and you are the point ... that's what you need to discover . hey man ... i'm really sorry you are having those problems . i've been through some stuff like that myself ... i know its really tough ... it was for me . here i go ... firstly ... you have to believe ... i'm not familiar with that one . it sounds gnostic . i've listened to the seven sermons of the dead . i looked into gnostism a little since carl jung said that the gnostics were the only people ... i've always favored the seven words you can't say on television ! i am going to try to prepare myself before i actually use the i ching ... just picked up a nice version from the library . i also ordered the wilhelm / jung version from amazon today ... like new ... a friend of mine got me a nicely illustrated tao te ching for christmas last year ... not sure if its the best translation though . i downloaded an mp3 audio book of it a few days ago and am trying to ... look ... you are an infp ... you are an intp ... you've got a little of each type in you .. 16 types ... you have preferences to the functions that's all ... if being a certain type is causing you anxiety ... you know ... i was at work ... and there are some tensions at work ... i have to apologize to you ... you do not need to apologize to me ... i did ask for people's thoughts on the subject and you were ... actually , i joined my local tibetan buddhist sangha ... that's one way i learn ... i've been to a zen group and plan on going back ... i you know i just was trying to set a context for what i was ... we are supposed to be intp's on this forum people ... the brainiest type in our race ... do a little homework before you start blurting out your redneck opinions for crissakes ... or at least try to be ... very interesting response ... what a buzzkill ... i do appreciate your feedback though . very sophomoric ... i bet you know quite a few things ... how old are you ? ... nothing more than a horoscope or ... the i ching has recently landed on my radar of inquiry and i'm wondering if anyone has anything to say about it . tia . so far its looking pretty cool to me and i'm anxious to give it a try . i'm ... i'm winging it here ... ti ... use it to model the world you live in to try to describe the world in word , thoughts , and ideas for the benefit of mastery ... how can i as the subject use these ideas ... don't leave your house unless absolutely necessary . have a high quality internet connection . get a library card and use it . learn about then practice buddhism . start studying carl jung . i used to test as intj ... i think those tests must have been dated ... i'm clearly intp imo ... intj's are cool because they are smart and self confident and don't mess around much ... but they can ... i used to test as intj ... i think those tests must have been dated ... i'm clearly intp imo ... intj's are cool because they are smart and self confident and don't mess around much ... but they can ... i like chess ... i look at it like this ... i can't have a preference because our human life includes both fe and fi ... since i am an intp i should be able to relate to fe types better ... true ... when i am living ... i've thought about this a little more ... yes i would go out with someone out of pity ... as long as they were hot . when i was a senior in high school ... i had to go to a new school because my old school was shut down ... i had gone to the old school from 7-11 grades and felt totally comfortable there ... i owned ... oh come on ... nobody would ever do something like that ... it is a pretty good idea though ... i am punctual and hard working ... most days ... so i guess i've broke the mold . boy this is pretty personal and full of feeling for an intp forum ... off the cuff i'd say most intp's would not do that ... just read the descriptions ... and i myself don't even want to talk ... wow ... never really thought about it .. but here goes ... ... salty ocean air ... ... the absence of bad odors ... ... my girlfriend with or without perfume ... ... the air after a good ... i can relate to that and have similar feelings . i'm a great dog lover and people hater ... not that i'm a hater per se ... but hey what goes around comes around . yesterday i was compelled to listen to the fixx ... in particular saved by zero ... cause that's what if felt like at work ... no one else would save me there ... just some big fat zero somewhere . ... ah man ... i want classic literature crazy right after i graduated from high school ... now i'm really in to jungian theories ... however , my profession has been engineering and software ... ... one appeal about accounting i see is that they make good money ! just wanted to throw this out there ... i work with the accounting department ... and do my own taxes ... and think i might like accounting ... or maybe this is just the grass is greener on the other ... i'm kind of in a crappy mood today . can you tell ? i'm forcing myself to learn sharepoint development because its my boss's pet project ... eeewww ! hmm ... as far as his contribution to modern physics goes ... i'd say yes .. he was quite an intp ... just out of curiosity ... what contributions to modern physics have you made ? ... aside from jumping on ... so in addition to being one of the most important physicists of the 20th century he was also a human being ... why don't you just show everyone his dirty laundry ? ... do you have any dirty ... this is an intp at his finest ... 223362 i don't recall ever reading that intp's were particularly suspicious ... nevertheless this thread reminds me of a story my dad , an istj used to tell me ... it goes like this ... a father was ... feelings ! ... ah oh ah oh ... feelings ! ... if i ever had them girl ... i would never walk awayayayay ... oh ah oh ah ... i'm embarrassed by my lack of feelings and or what to do with them when i ... 11-12 per minute assuming one breath consists of inhale + exhale . also want to note that the frequency of conscious breathing may not match unconscious breathing ... and wondering what you have to ... any underdog misunderstood slightly deranged anti-hero ... e . g ... travis bickel , ... almost any male character in dr strangelove ... james cole ( 12 monkeys ) ... yeah i'm like that ... yes me too ... had and having thing with enfj ... true roller coaster ... i think you can expect that ... there's more fish and types in the sea . i know lots of istj's and generally love them very much ... the problem is that they don't understand me that well ... and of course ... i believe i fully understand them ... ;) ... there are a few ... cheese ! if you've never really gotten what real meditation is ... than its easy to have lots of misconceptions about it ... i never really got meditation until only a few years ago ... and i'm 50 ... when ... meditation is the real deal . just because it isn't so popular in the us ... doesn't mean anything ... just look around and see that most people in the us are ignoramuses ... rationality and ... i just want to clarify the intended meaning when i used the word empty ... i am a student of buddhism and intended the buddhist meaning of emptiness ... sunyata . i searched for a simple definition ... hmmm ... you need darkness to see light ... you need to empty your cup before you can fill it ... what you say has some merit ... you are definitely more open-minded when you are empty ... i ... that's rough man ... my dad is an istj and we've had some rough times ourselves over the years ... not sure exactly what to tell you except that ... challenges in life like that ... can seem pretty ... yes ... i code ... it wasn't until the mid 90 ' s i realized how much i really loved it ... now i have a cushy it job doing c # . net ... love it ... mostly self taught too ... from hobby / side jobs to ... your post makes me wonder what field you are in ... very good point ... not to ask or even really talk so much about ... i have to admit in my life it has always been a confusing and exasperating subject . not to sound sexist , but why am i not surprised that a woman asked this question ? '