' you know what i hate ? i hate it when i'm in the middle of beating someone to the ground , and they figure the best way to get out of it is to pretend they never cared in the first place . hail ... wat prescription once again . it's hard to trust that an opinion as original insight when the terms of communication are so blatantly ripped from a mbti archetype description . e . g . , gaining ... ok . what that actually said was that the entp approach was less prescriptive from that of the intp . but you refuse to get it don't you ? do you have a monster chip on your shoulder you're not telling ... do brimming conceptual inputs taste anything like colourless green ideas ? i can tell you haven't understood what i said . try to meet me halfway . conversations can be interesting or boring . an ... this is exactly it . as an extension to that rude quip i had against magnificent bastard : entp's are p-dom ; our approach to friendship is far less prescriptive than , say , the intp approach of i ... get it done . i don't care ; just get it done . i don't care ; just get it done . i don't care ; just get it done . and so be it if it sucks . you can't be serious . hard as she tried , alas . graduating high school gets an automatic excellent . uh ... i do this with people i'm not even interested in . build a panic room . dark room , heating pad and a glass of ice water . naked economics is bone dry sagittarius for sure . i think curved roads in straight lines ; it gets me nowhere . agnostic because i don't care . it makes a lot of sense to me . it's usually s types who bother to describe their crazy dreams . n types will tell me only if i occur in one of their dreams and how , i assume in order to imply it ... you're converting me . i'm 18 and got a sales position at the mall . no previous experience . yeah yeah ! it was not only the lack of arrogance , but the lack of humor or tangents or whim , pos or neg , that led me to an infj conclusion . an entp under the age of like 45 would be offended that people were so ... i think we shine in our keen understanding of reality . inxx space cadets may score better on iq and math and other useless tests , but trust theory and their own minds more than they trust reality ... i had a 3.4 . my senior year was so bad , i brought it down to a 3.3 / 3.2 . i don't even know . i don't care . ( it's because i can't write anything longer than a paragraph . ) i'm not going to college this ... heells no ! hell yeah . lemon grass and flintstone birth control here . * inhales * excellent visual . i read it fully . thanks for typing it out :) infj is another strong possibility . like , if i read it cold , without the possibility of ntp already planted , i'd say definite infj . even though your ... no . xxx it'd bother me if someone insisted i was breaking a rule but i wasn't . hey i found another loophole type thing . devil's advocate energized drained talk about ideas debating small talk ugh . too much mbti , i'm getting hives . tell us about yourself , not about the entp . all nts love playing ... enfj . they're bright , charismatic , and can pull their own weight . my theory : those who are militant prescriptive grammar nazis are those who didn't get enough love in high school , and , along with abercrombie , christianity , and bermuda shorts , hate grammatical ... how can you assume we don't care ? and are you calling people trying to fit in pathetic ? everyone's different . and my cousin is mentally disabled , so learn to use a more appropriate term and grow up ... i gotta say , none of these bother me at all . i don't get it guys , are you like whatever , i know it'll get me in trouble and / or fired , bring it on . don't be stupid . make sure no one's around when ... really , there's no consequence to deciding whether a stranger is intro or extro , so i guess her theory is practically sound . i mean , whatever , as long as she's amused , right ? have you considered ... at the part where you failed to imply he wasn't female . besides , if he's male then he fuckin deserved it . right . the dream within a dream premise sounded too simple and boring . i pencilled in plans not to see it ( lol ) until i found out leo and that irish guy were in it . afterward i thought i had missed ... that's not nice . what's next , are you gonna tell her that obama doesn't really care about her ? no , seriously , you were probably doing her a favor . we should form a club . fi is like , whatever i say should be from the heart . fe is more like , whatever i say should have the desired effect . as far as tact goes , an fi trusts himself to be tactful , while fe trusts ... right ! it's not that i'm into astrology , i'm just an egocentric asshole . that's how i got into mbti after all ;) the similarity between entp and gemini is so flush , it's pretty funny . i do get lazy sometimes . only sometimes though . wut . no , that's not what i meant . nevermind . entp is unlikely , but i appreciate the comparison . lol j / k : tongue : thinking for sure for sure . ;) he was a true blue isfp . i blame mindless self importance on any n prescription . wtf guys . get over yourselves . you'd type a book for christ's sake . i wanted to be white . i got a 47 . whatever man . i'll take the pills anyway . every dream is crazy , which is why i'm only interested when someone admits to dreaming normally . inception didn't fuck my mind hard enough . tell them their lack of tact will have negative consequences . '