' oh he had no chance , i knew that , just liked his policies :) ( completely forgot my avatar was that lol ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk nah i was just in a trolly mood , astrology was an easy target xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk astrology is full of crap , it has literally 0 objective evidence to support it and is complete bs sent from my iphone using tapatalk youre not a dick lmao chilll sent from my iphone using tapatalk im not butthurt hahaha im just honesty not very good at arguing and ima just get out lol see your around the site c : dont kill each other now c : sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think youre just mad that i analyzed what happened in lion king and ruined your holy mufasa for you : 3 its not bitching its just pointing out shit you put your blinders up . but yeah i ... also idgaf about typos what am i a ti dom xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk just believe in me im awesome yadda yadda omg i swear sooo baaaddd and you wanna criticize us after making that post :P good luck xd you lost all credibility ( not like you had much ) with ... that sounds like cancer lmao sent from my iphone using tapatalk exactly lmao nfs have strengths but lets be honest nts have some serious strengths sorry bud enfj is a scrub ;) sent from my iphone using tapatalk wouldn't you wish also ni > fe but ne is goat sent from my iphone using tapatalk fair point sent from my iphone using tapatalk lets be honest here you cant stop obsessing over me * flips hair * sent from my iphone using tapatalk lmao [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 23 ] its funny bc im the exact opposite but okay sent from my iphone using tapatalk its bc of your edits > , < sent from my iphone using tapatalk i cant explain it now bc it is fixed now , but earlier it was > , > ugh nevermind then sent from my iphone using tapatalk screw santa he operates off of slave labor and narcissistic glorification of how awesome is sent from my iphone using tapatalk your post got cut off on mobile until i quoted it sent from my iphone using tapatalk wait im confused why would i be a mum when im a dude sent from my iphone using tapatalk nah im too lazy for a diary :P sent from my iphone using tapatalk wrong xnfp is more fuck you mum you dont know me or who i am gosshh you just dont understand sent from my iphone using tapatalk muahahaha awwuh dont worry , you're not that important . my phone only died when i was out lol sent from my iphone using tapatalk how to leverage an enfj 101 b ) i got them eating out of my hands muhahahaha sent from my iphone using tapatalk anyway im done arguing bc i suck xd i had fun tho later folks :) see yall around sent from my iphone using tapatalk go back to your hentai weeb sent from my iphone using tapatalk bahahaha find me 1 entp that wishes they were even close to enfj lmfao i respect leaders that are actully good :P youre just mad i popped your fantasy ;) sent from my iphone using tapatalk also lets be real , entp would do a dar better job than an enfj youre the one in lala land of their own ego ;) sent from my iphone using tapatalk im not suggesting i could do a better job , just that enfj is a pretty shit leader in your example sent from my iphone using tapatalk oh please why does he arbitrarily decide who gets to starve and not starve , we should call mufasa a friggin fascist dictator who makes arbitrary decisions on whos inferior and superior based on a ... im saying mufassa was in favor of segregation and the creation of ghettos where he deemed those unworthy to live . if anything scar was ambitious in trying to give those without a voice a chance to ... hehehehe : 3 yup but enfjs are pushovers they dont get to be leaders they are wannabe helicopter moms sent from my iphone using tapatalk lmfao who made enfj ruler of nfs :P okay ill go just dont cry now : yo ... you ... youre a towel ! ! ! omgimsosorryiwenttoofaromg sent from my iphone using tapatalk yup pretty much , and yet here i am lovable as always : 3 sent from my iphone using tapatalk hey now animu is bae sent from my iphone using tapatalk the last thing he needs is to be fed more ... literally fed . lmao sent from my iphone using tapatalk go home parrot , you're drunk sent from my iphone using tapatalk so tell me , how fake does your fe make you act :P sent from my iphone using tapatalk for the record it wasnt a butterfly thats se , it was the idea of a butterfly : 3 sent from my iphone using tapatalk lmao i had the same thought xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk but dont enfjs get guilty like the next 5 minutes after the arguement :P sent from my iphone using tapatalk life is the sieve through which my anarchy strains , resolving itself into works . chaos is the score upon which reality is written , the timeless , swirling gyroscopic horde . i am just an atom in ... i absolutely agree , im sure you and many of us here recognize its super gray i was mainly just thinking of the perceptions and views of the cultural hivemind as a whole when making this posts ... ah i didn't think too much of the slut shame factor . sure evolutionarily speaking their could be competition but i doubt its that deep seated and its largely a cultural issue . something like status ... someone really thirsty and knows how to make someone uncomfortable : s lmao ( jk tho <3 ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk idk why i love this gif xd sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think both sexes try and go after people more attractive but when men do it they are deemed sex hungry pigs who are pursuingor going after some innocent attractive woman and when woman do it , ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my iphone using tapatalk welp this is a shitty introductory post for you to see me on perc but haii sent from my iphone using tapatalk this post is going to be a literal shit post . so strap in and get your shit on . sent from my iphone using ... '