' well , if you are willing to go a little bit under the skin , i'd say these types are certainly combatable ! however , there seems to be a threshold . if it stays at games and playing the process is ... actually i never identified with the clumsiness of invuitives . on the contrary i consider myself reasonably agile . i have practiced several sports throughout my life , some of them martial arts . i ... oh , you shouldn't sweat it ! no offence taken , i was just confused . had i been better with interpersonal relations and not over-analysing things i would probably not have had to ask . huh ? erm , no . i must admit i am a bit confused , it was just a general joke right ? i find it a bit odd since you have children yourself , or maybe it isn't odd ? i guess i should just have ... thanks :p roud : , i think it is an ne-fe thing . yes , the diabetes thing was definitely worse . it was only then that i had to worry about it all the time . the thing that i feared was also much worse since if i got it , it would be permanent . then i ... know the feeling . i remember when i refrained to drink water because then i would need to go to the toilet more often and that would be a sign of getting diabetes . yes , the forcing seem to be an ... no , i think you should be . while it may be that phobias don't have to be major , when they are they are not to be taken lightly . i can be annoyed by it too ; it seems people don't understand how strong ... i had a lizard when i was a kid . i got it because i just liked lizards and didn't really consider that it was essentially a prisoner . it was not a very good idea either , because they need to be fed ... taodao ha ! yes . i had forgotten that people actually catch on to your words ! that is quite fun too . i remember that a friend of mine decided to start use my set of quirky words as they were ... i join the conversations in head , tapping and fiddling ( i'm infamous for this ) , not stepping on cracks and eating lip groups . not sure if eating lip / mouth has to be connected to anxiety . i'm just ... the way i see it : the i-don't-care will wear the first thing they come by , often old clothes like black t's ( sometimes geeky motifs ) , worn jeans , trainers etc . often long hair , often unwashed ... hi there if you ignore all the things required for a comfortable life ( house , food , clothes , etc . ) the price would have to got to : my laptop . it's the thing i use the most by far and is my ... if you want to talk about influence , i think you have to mention the sumerians . as the first civilization it was the foundation of all the mediterranean and european civilizations . it was for ... yes , this sounds familiar . especially those parts about being suddenly amazed at things and being very far behind my eyes . sometimes i can look at my hand , a face , a tree or whatever and i realise ... i can be annoyed by a lot of things , but rarely offended . personal attacks doesn't do it ; either they are wrong , in which case i don't care , or they are correct , and i become dejected . not having ... agreed . i was never really satisfied with my solution . i made the assumption that the pattern would repeat itself ( 1,2 , 0,1 , 2,0 ... ) because i didn't see the 1,2 , 4 ... pattern , but it could have been ... oh , i see . i mistook 4 for 0 ( looks the same ) . thanks . 93rd percentile . does anyone know how many correct answers that means ? i couldn't find it anywhere ? ( and can someone explain why e isn't a valid answer for question 14 ? ) alone : múm : awake on a train social : arvo pärt : tabula rasa - 2 . silentium in ninth grade i told my teacher that from now on i would try to write neatly . she said it was good , but that i should aim for readable first . : shocked : when i was younger i mixed capital and small ... first i must , again , confirm that all forms of pushing or forcing will only make it harder for him , as well put by bank of asantewaa . but there could be still other problems leading to him not ... saying that to them would help ... ... but maybe not in the way you intended . i had an estp ( i think ) friend a while ago . what made us get along was that we both liked being a little silly every now and then , playful . i think intps might like the easy going and active ... having my poor mother read my book on dinosaurs over an over again as a bedtime story . it was mainly facts and data like where they lived , what they ate and how big they were , which she thought was ... sometimes i find my clothes wrongly dimensioned , so i change them . like t-shirts , they are always too wide . i have thought about buying plain clothes and decorate them with your unique and personal ... ti , ne cat-monkey , hmm .. if we were animals maybe we would look like opossums , they remind me of both cats and monkeys : ... so it's not just made by the anti-environmentalists to make the environmentalists look bad ? : mellow : doesn't seem very strategical to joke about this ( and if i were of that opinion ( which i am not ) i ... i took the test and got some results : your cognitive development profile extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 21.1 ) limited use introverted sensing ( si ) ... ok , i tried to make some of these too . they are the very first , so don't expect too much . for ... i was unusually talkative when i was a child , quite expressive and very curious . a bit like an entp . i enjoyed talking to everyone , even complete strangers and adults . during school lunch i usually ... that sounds about right , though i am a bit uncertain . the refining behaviour sounds pretty intj , especially as i doubt any intp would have the energy to work with anything like that after it ... to some extent i fit most of the negative stereotypes , i fear . except one . i am not uncaring and callous . those who know me describes me as considerate and even says it is one of my main traits . and ... i care a lot for the environment . both from the ethical point of view and one of self-interest . i try to do my part . not because my impact is big , it is more of a matter of principle ; if everyone ... i welcome you , respectable intj . i originally tested as an intj with a weak j , but am an intp ( for the most part , anyway ) . in the begining i was , as you too seem to be , confused with what my type ... hello and welcome to the fo .. crap , that one's been taken already .. i'll have to say something else , a question maybe ... yes , that will do . it would be nice to know some things about you , now ... maybe it is like training your body ? if you tire your muscles , they will become stronger . if you train your intellect , it will be more powerful ? almost exactly the same thing happened to me . one night dedicated to civ iv it simply dawned on me that i was exactly the same person when i sat down that i was when i arose again . it is like sitting ... i used to think that death would be all-right since you would get the answer to one of the biggest questions there is ; what happens after death ? . then i realised that this assumes that there is ... so far the only really successful bow i've bade is a 61 white oak flatbow . i have tried various other types such as maple reflex and elm narrow-limbed bow . but as i am a novice bowyer most of the ... have long been interested in weaponry , and it's the bows that float my bowt ( pun intended , i know it wasn't funny ) . :d ry : i love the survivalist / hunter-gatherer feeling a wooden bow gives you . i make ... my biggest problem is finishing things . even if i am motivated , or even enthusiastic , i still end up with chain mails covering only the chest , herbs not yet turned into medicine and so on and so ... i , as many other intp , find myself freedom-loving . but unlimited freedom can , paradoxically , lead to limited freedom for some . the ultimate-freedom policy of anarcho-capitalists creates a society ... i had a dream when i was younger where me and my family were living in a carpet ( apparently we were some sort of mite , while still looking human ) . suddenly father was being sucked up by a vacuum ... '