' not sure if i should be happy about having something to post here , but here goes : actual thing i said : breakdown , for those interested : i'm in a group where new people are common , especially ... pseudonymity - my 2 cents - i prefer befriending women for the very reason you mentioned . i have more female friends than i have male friends , and the ease at connecting with them is something else . ... it also works in the reverse - in my case , if i find that someone i initially clicked with kept attacking things i have a very strong stance on , i've ended friendships without a second thought . it's ... jumped in to highlight the important part :P nothing hits home harder than realizing , oh my god , he / she really does care . voting limited life as well - existence for the sake of existing isn't living . what defines something is its end - life without death isn't life . :) kinda controversial - right and wrong are a matter of perspective , yet there is at least a bit of truth in every statement . at least , that's my view :) touché . moogles - too true , every word . kinda apt that you chose a moogle :) you just summed up probably the most common issue infjs have with being around people :D hm , interesting , that part about your entj brother brought to mind a recent friendship i just formed with an entj . it was surprising how easily he took my advice , almost like i was an embodiment of ... through a conversation with an enfp i had before , and a comment that struck me somewhere on the internet - our inner life is what the enfp's outer life is like . essentially , from what i've read , ... 1 ) how would you react to someone saying you're an odd / weird person ? shrug and smile . if i like them , i'll show them more weirdness , if i don't , i move on . 2 ) how would you react if a guy / girl ... i'm with ideal here : my approach is that ultimately , you answer to yourself . after all the expectations , the appreciation , the one person you'd have to reckon with is yourself . i then end up asking ... omg this , so much . thank you ! also , yes to songs . songs on 50 + repeat , same day , to the point that you know the lyrics by heart , intonation , everything ... o_o probably defining your emotions ... this isn't really an answer , more of a thought that came to mind when i read your post : i read somewhere in this forum that there's no such thing as a right person , wrong time , just wrong people , ... i'd rephrase martyrs then to victimizers , or even whiners , i . e . people who play the woe is me card . aurelief - you might like this one then - who the hell says : i'm < insert compliment ... nessawildcard , hm , i do see the similarities . i'm with lostie 823 in wondering whether or not this is just a correlation , or if it could be indicative of something a bit deeper . or you could make a new thread so that intherockies can have a piece too ? :D i'm echoing aurelief and windblownair here . look for a place that not many people know about , that has a nice view , and can be quite quiet . preferably close to water , or high up with a view of water ... ditto to all , though what aurelief said about being unexpectedly popular is surprisingly true , haha . i think the unexpected bit is from personal view , as in , in my case , i don't think i'd be popular , ... getting it back on the tracks then :P i'm with deejaz - i think i'm all 3 , depending on who i'm with , or what i feel like showcasing at the moment . for example , with certain friends who i ... echoing everyone here , especially what plutonicmind said about un-attaching . i tend to know very quickly if i'm going to like people or not , based on the situation i find myself in . there are ... hiya pantali , i'd be down for this too :) rubikscubix i tend to do this with one-on-one interactions more than public speeches , but i often leave conversations with the other person feeling charged . more power to you bro . :) jumping in here again ! ( i follow you around sometimes now because of that post you made in the enfp forums : 3 ) what you just described is pretty much ni , the way i see it . that's kind of exactly ... ditto to this . ^ this . beneath the velvet gloves is an iron fist . i'm nice because i want to be , not because i'm bound to be . hmmm ... from the outside in ... so would a more accurate picture be - you see the possibilities with ne , then you judge based on how you feel about them with fi , lay them out on a framework with te , ... let me see if i can help out then . the way i see it , ni works by grabbing a ton of data points via se . this data is then analyzed via ti then presented alongside any information present in the fe ... here's where it gets fun - i've learned to phrase my thoughts differently depending on the audience , with a leaning towards saying probably , maybe , or most likely . it's only when my thought ... going on a tangent here - what about people you feel you were destined to meet ? would you believe i just figured this out less than an hour ago , thanks to a friend ? the source of the problem seems to be the shadow fi , which can be understood as the sense of self . i theorized ... for me , i can see how i use all 4 . the way i explain how i work is this : se ( my 4th ) picks up information unconsciously from the surroundings - 4th function for me is unconscious . this is then ... gotta post again , this is too accurate to pass up , and eye-opening . definite yes to playing the part - i can go from uncaring just woke up look to dressed to kill and feeling like it in a ... teacher it's happened to me before , but very rarely is it a few days later . for me it tends to be so far in the future that i forget , until it happens and i get a very eerie sense of deja vu . gonna jump in here again . from my understanding of ne - there is no end to the alphabet , only infinite possibility . also , from your previous post regarding socionics - i don't know much about it , ... hi dubbs , thank you for posting . this seems quite like a tricky situation . have you met her personally ? also , it seems you're stressing about this ( and rightfully so ) , but have you tried ... ksara hmmm ... on such a shallow level , forgive me for saying so , but there isn't much to go by . your tendencies do seem to point towards intj in this case , with ni te fi se , but i might be wrong ... probably closest to antipode here . recently i've paid more attention to how i look , but that's because there's a reason ( but we always have reasons , don't we ? ) otherwise ? as long as i pass the ... i think i'm closest to how 11thnight describes it . it'll depend entirely on the situation - if it's your regular , run-of-the-mill , everyday scenario , i'm pretty content and flat . but when ... and that , is exactly why i agree with cmart . tests are nice and all , but it's an attempt to statistically capture something that by its very essence , cannot be captured by statistics . a ... ksara what functions are you aware that you're using ? from the sounds of it you seem a lot like an infj maybe , because the way you describe stuff is pretty similar to how i would . i'm noticing that to be true with quite a bunch of different personality types , actually . this is very eye-opening to me . ( i don't know any intps personally . ) wanna be friends ? :D i can't resist it anymore . this very post tells me you're not infj - there is no crossing the rubicon , or a decision to be made - you are either infj or you're not . it just dawns on you , as i'm sure ... going to jump in here , but this seems more like ni-se . would you be able to give us more examples ? moonlight 02 i'm going to echo everyone here and say exactly the same thing : if your relationship is negatively affecting you and you can't deal with it , let it go ( no , not the frozen reference , ... i'd have to respectfully disagree with this . the way i see it , this is something a lover can do , and it's probably simultaneously the most infuriating and the most freeing thing in the world for both ... perfect seducers indeed . : cool : ironically i used to be so afraid of this because of how well it worked :P now , i use it on those that ... ask for it . ( and whom i'm sure can handle it ) . until ... the blasphemy ! i'm with liquidlucy on this one - i can be so cold and stone-faced i come across as unfeeling . all depends on situation really . '