' jesus-as-a-historical-figure deniers are the atheist equivalent of creationists . if you would take the time to read a few unbiased scholarly articles / books on the subject , you would quickly realize ... you sir have good taste in music . there's never enough classical in these threads . have you listened to shostakovich's string quartets ? this is probably one of my favourite classical pieces of all ... i'd recommend reading david keirsey's please understand me ii , which goes into language usage and how it relates to personality type : there's usually a preference for one type of language , though obviously we all use both types to an extent . abstract language refers to intangible properties ( e . g . vast , unfathomable , beautiful , ... this is easy to game for anyone who knows that n's use abstract language and s's use concrete language . if you ask the question spontaneously without telling people it relates to mbti , then you'll ... i don't think it's possible to type a fictional character who's never said a single word in his life . i mean , the zelda series is one of my favourites of all time ... but there's never been a more ... why do you say that ? are all intj's supposed to be heartless and self-centred ? no lolita yet ? you sir are a wizard . two years and i've never looked at those options before . yep , and so did you . : cool : test i suppose it's a workaround . the feature still doesn't make sense . the only time url tags are used is when you want to have text as a hyperlink . when you try to link to a youtube video , like this but a youtube link , the board automatically converts it to an embedded video . if i wanted to embed a video into my post i would do so myself ... i'm tired of debating people who don't know how to use their ability to critically think . i'm tried of having to spell things out to people like i would a kindergartener . i'm not that smart . i ... holy crap it's cold out google bomb ? google page rankings have nothing to do with traffic . a sad waste of intellect . she fits right in with the mensa crowd . yeah man , and like getting drunk every day is like me being 1 with nature , exploring the energy and enlightenment of the chemical world , god's gift to man , man . people don't need to rationalize having children any more than they need to rationalize any other instinct driven behaviour . you will have children because some day you'll meet a beautiful woman , ... you're probably too stupid to be trolled . i've read the opposite . higher levels of prenatal testosterone exposure has also been linked with increased musical and mathematical abilities . it also helps explain why there are many more men with ... do you have any idea how pretentious you sound ? if your goal is to convert people , you're not going to get very far with posts like that . on the other hand , if your goal is to troll i'd say you're ... op sounds exactly like a religious fanatic . i don't really relate to the ' game ' aspect in social situations but i see where you're coming from . my chameleon and avoidant tendencies are more a result anxiety and fear unfortunately . in both our ... having sex with a mentally disabled person can be a criminal offence depending on the level of disability . mentally disabled people react to sexual stimuli just as animals , just as children ... sexual maturity is irrelevant to this discussion with animals just as it is with kids . the issue when it comes to ethics is cognitive maturity . predators use the sexual maturity argument to justify ... why should anyone else need to know how sexually experienced you are to begin with ? the only person who should know is your significant other , and if he / she has a problem with your lack of experience ... what does that even mean ? comparing the intellectual capacity of an animal to a human , even a child , is absurd . reminds me of the last time i went to a restaurant . as we were leaving the hostess says something along the lines of bye , i hope you enjoyed your meal ! i respond with hi ! :) the stand by stephen king is a pretty good post-apocalyptic book . i'm not a king fan , but that one is great . only counting psychologically healthy individuals : the quest for love , survival instincts , the need for connection with other humans i think it's most likely an indicator of mental illness and should be treated as such . dear engineers / designers / observers , i'm on to you . i've figured it out ; i see what you're doing , though i understand why . i'd do the same in your position . i just want you to know i know that i ... i'm contributing under the assumption that op will give us some sweet , beautiful statistics . i will be very disappointed if she doesn't deliver ( and may finish the job myself if no one else does ) . ... i'm playing this on my takamine guitar no . the few times i've been high i felt as if the analytical part of my brain had completely disappeared . i felt helpless , like an integral part of me was missing ( eg . ti dom with no ti ) . it was a ... i've never cried from a book or movie , but the closest i came was war and peace when andrei dies . sad times :( does low latent inhibition indicate higher intelligence ? yes . if not , no . and that about sums up all these intp-mental illness correlation threads . it's a good idea as long as it's not abused . i've been on boards where the mods would move any thread containing discussion they deemed stupid or simply didn't like to the conspiracy theory forum . well you see , crying frequently is generally seen as a sign of fragility and weakness . an alpha , as the leader of the pack , needs to project strength , leadership and confidence . and before you start ... choose one . a hacker is just another name for a highly skilled programmer . the irony in asking how to become a hacker is apparent if you replace hacker with black-belt martial artist in some of these links ... why is it ridiculous ? it's been shown in studies . just like n's are more likely to be above average in intelligence , so are introverts . when people don't either agree with simple logic or understand it and refute it with their own it makes me feel like i'm either truly insane or so stupid as to not be worth arguing with . either way , ... i drink the occasional beer because i enjoy the taste / texture . i don't drink alcohol for the effects though . just another form of escapism with huge negative potential , so i avoid it . i'm at the age ... beksinski is amazing . i'm not sure if it's an intp thing or just me , but i love surreal art while i generally find nothing at all appealing about abstract art . surreal art conveys atmosphere , ... thank you . finally someone with a response that actually makes sense ! well sort of . hiding isn't going to help you in the long run . you're going to need a long-term food / water plan . you'll need ... yep . if i have a map and directions i'm fine , but if i'm left to my own devices i'm pretty damn useless when it comes to navigating somewhere new , or a place i don't often go . it gets me in trouble ... i don't browse 4chan . as good an answer as you're going to get :  don't remember where i got these but it was a real study , rest assured . here's ... '