' ha ha ha i must say that is strikingly attractive . p . s i know that was a late reply , but give a guy a break he has work to do . you infj females are so predictable , challenging an entp male knowing that he will instantly react in a way , that will cause an argument . therefore giving you the chance to seduce me . ... well ... these iq tests just continue nt's self-aggrandisement . where you are supposed to debate in class and the teacher tells you , you have to research the topic and compose your arguments thoroughly . the teacher gives you a week to do it , you instead ... ... yeah this reminds me of some of the nights i go out clubbing , i once managed to get on a tv show segment . ( don't ask me how , its just my entpness ) on the contrary to my many adventurous night outs , ... when you're in a math class and instead of writing down the questions , which are on the board ( which is what every other goody to shoes is doing ) you sit back and tell the answers to your teacher ... other than the supposeble iq tests which measure an individuals intelligence , what other methods could be used to measure a persons intelligence . just recently i looked over the forum on why do nts ... makes you question iq testing than dosen't it . it's like a high for me when i solve maths problems , for fun i like to solve a problem the teacher is doing on the board going through the steps and such in my head then just blurt out the answer ... but without aristotle alexander the great would not have held such a significance as he did on history . as aristotle did teach alexander the great . i feel like that blonde chick that finally gets something after people have told her over and over . i was lucky enough growing up to have a neighbour who would literally listen all of my questions and give answers to , i think i was lucky to have such a good upbringing . but unfortunately when i came ... i believe abraham lincoln and albert einstein were both xntps correct . well it is highly evident that both showed a substantial amount of willpower . reading team of rivalsi learnt of many instances ... don't forget some ud ending in police cells for our hefty behaviour . i could imagine some us bragging about how baddass we looked getting taking away the police , then craking jokes about the whole ... i bet they did ;) it was near a retirement village so yer , but i do not what you're talking about when you do similies such as ;-) ' but it would be a challenge which we would all like . dude i wouldn't mind taking a trip time to time to america for these parties . i know right how awesome would that be , i could imagine the music being so varied ey one minute we are head banging , the ... well unfortunately things can role that way , thats the reason why an entp party would be awesome . when i'm drunk my entpness shines so i just party all night doing daring shit . like the time i ran ... call it pointing out the obivous but all entps will be inclined to think the same exactly that makes it all the more funner you don't know what to expect . manipulate your friends into getting one and i know what you mean . i once was at really good party alot of good looking women and everyone was having a good time the music was pumping . my friend ... even amount and there would be an unlimited supply of alcoholic beverages . yes everyone would be an entp taxi it , pal sometimes you got to do the hard yards if you want a good time . tell them you're going to a stripper bar , than detour to a actual bar . might aswell try your luck , i could also imagine the amount of infjs trying to come aswell cause they love us and all . but yeah ... i think us being nts it enables us to have a strong argument . frankly because we will want to learn the particular topic we are speaking about pretty well and i'm sure once we have it will be a ... so an infj and entp are a good match ? i could imagine the beer drinking competitions considering where all such competitive and have a daring nature . i will get the ball rolling . constant laughter from our joking nature and undoubtedbly an argument on what music should be played . we love challenges ! it sounds to good to be true right , but i've found not most girls swing that way . maybe it's just the nts everyone can't get over school after a year has passed and you're already over it and focusing on other things . although i may feel out of place feeling like this , i can't help but embrace it . gee us ... there probaly is haha sorry to be pathic but are the forums usually discussions on what movie did you cry the most ( measuring on the amount of tissue ply used ) the notebook or my sisters keeper m1r4g3 it's mirgae , just like all of your criticism has been . wow thats so original hey , are you trying to get in to her pants ? you lose all self control when your discussing a topic you know well and feel passionate about . after watching it again last night i have to say i'm leaning towards intj why ? well lets see , firstly look at the way he dresses very formal even though he is in prison . secoundly how he planned ... so much so i'm burning the book so i can then put the remains in my steak and eat it . so i can digest and shit out it out . sly how uncreative you to use a word with 3 letters , no wonder you have an ... cccxxix is your name representing roman numerals wtf are you trying to put cross the last time you got laid ? you l_lawliet thought you could get away with it did you . but no i will give you the uttermost high of all critcisms on this thread . your name sickens me how dare you use an underscore in your ... like a typical entp i love group only when ideas are put forth , i don't mind leading a group as mentioned if the certain topic we are doing group work on i have a sense of interest in or if the ... you say something so fucked up such as and i quote iwill rip out your heart then surgically put it back in just to see you scream from the agony to a person who said they will know you on your ... it is for certain that he would obiviously be an nt for sure , but what nt is he . i'm very curious i was thinking some what of an intp or a intj . he comes across more as a introvert that's why i ... 24944 one of the most successful conquer of all time if not thegreatest , shows you what entps can achieve when not procastinating . something toponder alexander the great was taught by aristotle , ... 24943 a typical entj for sure i must confess no i don't mind at all so typical comming from an infj haha 2488924888 24887 i love being so random , people that are not entp can never match up to it . ps sorry for the hating on twilight , i hope my sister dosen't see these pictures hahahaha '