' today , yes , today . i had a tonsillectomy , and so far so good . haven't had any severe pain or anything . just a bit dry even though i'm drinking water and also a light throat pains but other than that ... mbti ( ugh , didn't read the first post ) don't worry , i'll break the pattern . best part : 1:15 there was a similar question on that forum , and pretty much all of the posts said they were left-handed except a few . so i noticed a massive correlation between intp's and left-handedness on the intp forum . i'm sure someone has already asked this question before on this site , but i'd like to ask again . are you left ... too bad i do : tongue : this is quite fascinating , i love how my stance on this was very different . i viewed it as the intp having enough information around him to figure it out , while you guys saw it has her giving too ... hm , fair point . towards me i suspect , considering he liked nell's post . and i have to agree with you on the part that she shouldn't take it personal about the intp dealing with the situation the way he is . until ... notice . i disagreed with what nell said . i might also add that , intp's usually act like a goofball whenever they get thrown into drama that they dislike . hm . alright . i do agree with nell to an extent . but he is not the one with the heavy feelings . you are . so i feel like it is his responsibility to defuse the situation . if he wants you two to be ... seems like he doesn't have a clue about what he's doing , and just in generally seems stupid . from the insight you gave me here , he seems to : a ) not be able to analyze the situation and realize the ... physical touch words of affirmation quality time working together with acts of service gifts physical touch : funnily enough , since i'm super awkward , whenever someone tries to hug me that i ... i have no problem with being a loner until i realize that i am alone . ( in that specific circumstance ) romantically ? i have no clue . i rarely spend time with people of the opposite sex , usually only for a short period of time if i do . main reason is that i haven't found someone that's interesting yet , ... i really have no clue what to take from this post : a ) take it seriously and think this is what you do whilst thinking . b ) just tuning in to see what others will post . c ) you may think what the ... what i mean is , do you do something repetitively while thinking ? i , for example , walk around in the area where i'm at back and forth . i usually also listen to music and might juggle my phone back ... everybody have all said the same thing , so i won't repeat . but it'll give you my results : your iq score lies within a range of 121 up to 137 . you took way too much offense to that ... you get what he meant , and i doubt he meant it in a bad way :P i think it was enough to just point it out ... people who keep rejecting information i'm giving to them just for the sake of not wanting to see the world in a different perspective . yes , i do it all the time . my body is simply a vessel for my mind . but i still take care of my body , since without my body the mind isn't capable of functioning . however , i don't wear any expensive ... possible infp , ( i'm not considering cognitive functions here ) my friend is an infp and he said he felt like they were pretty much the same . for relationships , like romantic ones , religion is easily in there . as well as smoking or frequent drinking ( like every bloody weekend ) . ^ ^ everything below applies to relationships as well . ... since you are unsure of what to do , i'd very much recommend you to just go on a fucking i don't care what happens tomorrow , but i will search for the best hobby i can find . spree . just go on and ... i've found that there is no such thing . sadly , i'm here . i never asked for it , but i am here . so what i've decided is that to make myself more worth , i have to influence as many people as possible ... the title's pretty self-explanatory . every time i read a book , i want to put it down as soon as i've started getting into it . i spend a lot of my time in my head , and whenever i read a book those ... ... i'm getting awfully tired with this debate . can we come to a conclusion already ? intjs and entps generally do so also , but as irrational types ( intuition first ) they seem to be more comfortable with having a relatively biased and subjective opinion as long as it's rational and ... on the other end , an ntp will generally have a broader idea of what they want because they're more comfortable with having things open to change and improvisation if something better comes up or ... holy fucking shit , send me flying backwards into a black hole out through the solar system , jesus christ that was a perfect explanation of myself . yes , i care about production and how others view ... ughh , this site keep double posting . hm , i was hoping for a bit of a longer answer and more of an in-depth analysis . but alright , i'll take it . doesn't that kinda create a paradox when it comes to introversion ? i wish i could stay inside my whole life but sadly when i do i find myself constantly questioning my wants and goals . and i end up ... forgive me if i'm wrong , but i'm pretty sure fe means my need to connect with others emotionally and i get validation from them right ? i can already say that i suck at this , and i am probably ... i accidently posted it twice ... anyway , was this enough ? haha , xd . alright . b : people revolve around things we , humans , are just thrown into this world and we have to learn to adapt to the environment we live in . i mean , it's why evolution exists ... an intp has tertiary si , which can typically make them quite a bit sentimental ... holding onto objects that draw a certain memory to mind , and things like that . sentimental at all ? i'm way too ... forget all about this post . it was a mistake lol b : people revolve around things b : others a : individuals ( people ) b : words a : decide b : a man of the pen ( negotiation ) a : learning b : theories b : discover i'm sadly not self-aware enough to tell you if i do this , but it makes sense xd i probably do this , i'm just not aware of it . fair point . i can 100 % agree with this . sometimes i might get a bit hyped up and start working immediately and start planning how i'm gonna do it , then whenever i'm supposed to do it , it kinda plumbs into ... 665650 i like planning things that i'm not used to if it's a subject i'm quite close to and know what i'm doing i'd rather just do it whenever i can , skip the whole planning part and go watch some ... i do not know , to be honest , i don't have that quite understanding of the cognitive functions . hellu , i've already made a post asking just what type i am , sadly , that post got me nowhere . i've finally established that i'm either intj or intp . i'm just having trouble realizing whether i use ti ... i honestly have to disagree here , i genuinely consider these small things a lot more important . ( i've started considering to date an intp now lol ) . however , i would probably crave a deep emotional ... i'm well aware , and i know i'm not a sociopath ... i just know people would take that assumption . however , this seems to be the only case when someone dies . it's never been like that when i'm watching ... i don't know about others , but if i truly loved someone i probably wouldn't have a problem dealing with her mental issues . i currently have a crush and if she were to have mental issues and was ... i can't bother to read all of the comments plus this is a thread from 2011 so i'll just post my response . i grew up with 3 cats , i only have 1 currently . they got very old , one of them reached the ... i'm terrified of death , the more i think about it , the more i feel like i'm gonna lose my mind . at least right now , however whenever i go into deep logic thinking i usually can get through with it , ... '