' wracking my brain and i don't think this is a mbti thing but a more maturity level thing and can run across all 16 personality types . bit rude , definitely presumptuous and just plain obnoxious . i ... maybe finding out his language of love ( words , acts of service , quality time , touch and gifts ) and doing that for him so he feels loved ? for me , romance is big and acts of service . it's always ... hey melchiz i remember you from awhile back . welcome to the enfj boards . it's sometimes a bit quiet here ... * watches tumbleweed roll by * but good people do pop in ( like yourself ! ) i see that you have put a lot of thought to it . if you have developed romantic feelings for her and you are 100 % sure she just sees you as a friend , i would not hold my breath about changing her ... yeah , totally random event . odd day it was . inconvenient . explosion and evacuation . sounds like a wonderful teacher ! yay for the great teachers in our lives ! it makes me think of my recent math teacher who was scary in his way , he played no games , and was rough around the edges , ... feel the soft fuzziness / texture of soft materials . inundate your senses with music and beautiful art . go out into the woods and be very present and aware of the sky , trees and layout of the land . ... these posts seem to happen a lot . this is difficult and difficult to gauge since we are just going off on what you are saying and don't see the interactions ourselves . my best guess would be he ... well , to think of him with compassion might make it less draining to you but yes , be clear on not picking up phone calls / texts after you explain why you need space . he will have to adjust .  ... ah and yes , people who say there can be friendship immediately after a breakup , not an easy thing to do . it takes months or years to understand there is no hope of salvaging the relationship and one ... i find infjs don't communicate their needs well until they get to the breaking point and poof , gone and do this one-sided thing . it is your responsibility to set up your boundaries clearly and his ... very social person and i seem to be the organizer of social gatherings as well . would not call myself the leader of my social group but i do love playing hostess and ensuring everyone has a good ... it sounds like he is hurt . your needs should be met but it sounds like a one-sided break up . you sound pretty self-righteous about it . there is no right or wrong . some will judge you on this ... the feeling of wind on your face and a cool breeze on a hot summer day . wow , sounds like an emotional roller coaster . i laughed when you said you read his diary but please don't shoot you as he was there and it was during a fight . yeah , lying is no good . where's the ... yes , because films are pieces of art . we need more art in life . it makes life that much more beautiful . :) but to not completely derail this thread , i have been thinking of the original op's ... fettuccine alfredo . i haven't had this in years . it was eh , alright . watching beauty and the beast because damnit , disney movies make me happy when i'm in an emotional slump . i guess it depends on how open the person is to discussing about emotions and how close you are . i think it depends on the person on how comfortable they are about talking about intense feelings or ... yes , it is exhausting to put on the pleasant social face when you are sad or angry about something . i agree that we live in an isolating , alienating society . it's sick . thanks for the recommendation . oh , you know movies , not always the best representation of life but the great ones make us feel deeply about things . but shouting for the heck of it is all the rage now . ;) i just realized i need to watch more french language films . the stereotypes are true then ? for instance , in movies they always show the fighting french couple and then passionately kissing / making up after . i am more for open displays of emotion , but ... your mother is always with you . she's the whisper of the leaves as you walk down the street . she's the smell of certain foods you remember , flowers you pick , the fragrance of life itself . she's ... saw this thread in the infj forum . we enfjs need a place to mourn too . this is the thread for you to post tributes or obituaries to lost family members , loved ones , childhood items , pets , what ... yes , i can see how that would be true . getting sucked into the moment . living very in the present . very smart . i would highly advise against it . you might be satisfying sexual urges but it's just not as good as the real thing . i think infj's in general don't rush into things . enfjs and ... lol . oh , good . :) i tried , oh , did i try but fwb never works out for me . someone usually gets attached and it gets weird or people can't do friends with benefits properly as they don't know how ... glad it worked out for you . good advice , above . what is this fakeness stuff ? sometimes when you try to be agreeable , people think you're acting fake , i find , and unfortunately it's just perception , not the truth . i identify with what you said ... having had casual sex and sex with someone i truly care about , sex with someone you have an emotional connection to is hands down way better . making love and having sex is two very different things ... could be better . started intermittent fasting . so hungry . grief is a biatch too . sigh , life . yes . it does break my heart too that it seems we are hurtling to the destruction of the planet in the name of unattainable growth . how people are absorbed in their consumerist , materialistic ... recursive you can find out your tritype by taking the enneagram test found in the index . i find it pretty accurate . here is the link : comprehensive enneagram quiz you are correct in not pursuing someone who isn't responding . it takes two to dance . serious romantic and idealist and was with another nf and thought things were going great . tend to get ahead ... having experienced heart break recently too , i would like to help with what helped me through that time . lots of sadness , intrusive thoughts and crying . had a very difficult time sleeping as my ... hey , that's really cool . pretty good representation . you have the world , harmony , peace , animals , teddy bears and religion / spirituality in there . just needs a rainbow and everyone holding hands . ... ouch , harsh guys . yes , we on the vast interwebs do not know your exact situation and only hear it from your point of view . it's safe and anonymous on a forum where you can be whoever you want ... as an enfj , i don't know this testing business . all my serious relationships were instant chemistry from the beginning and mutual attraction and interest that developed into a serious relationship . ... sleep . baking . contentment . sorry . it sure does hurt a lot when a friend just throws you over like that . i'm of the mind if someone is so easy to let a friendship go then they don't deserve to be in my life either . there's ... most definitely . don't worry , you're not the only one . most of us are very self-absorbed in our lives , myself included . and then as time goes on , it's almost weird to get in contact with them ... yes , i typed that up very late last night and realize my mistake that myelin is found in the brain as well , not just the peripheral nervous system and it is produced by oligodendrocytes instead of ... yes , i'm learning to be patient . he once told me one of his super powers was patience . another adorable trait of his . i thought i had gotten better with age but apparently i need a refresher ... duplicate this last part is oh-so-true too . i was just discussing with another enfj how we like to lead . ( although we are not adverse to taking a back seat either if others want to take the lead . ) i'm ... that last part cracked me up . you always tell it like it is , no sugar coating with you . :) lunawolf , your story sounds like a friend i had in junior high / high school as well . she was uber drama ... _observer_ , you just gave me a brilliant piece of insight . there was a misunderstanding leading up to this and i think it made him feel not understood as i wasn't getting his side of the story . we ... i laughed at this . note to self , don't visit khiro's neighborhood because of the stabby feet people . i'm like oswin , i sleep with my feet covered unless it gets too hot then one foot sneaks ... '