' bacon , egg and cheese toaster sandwich with tater tots and vanilla coke ( from sonic ) bowl of cereal ( blueberry toast crunch ) 1 beer still figuring out what to have for dinner . maybe something ... i tried a couple of sessions at a hypnotist just to see if it could help me where therapy didn't seem to . it was very relaxing . i might not have given it as much of a chance since i only went the 2 ... poptarts coffee monster energy drink chalupa supreme ( no sour cream ) bean burrito ( no onions ) butterfinger blizzzard double ipa chicken green beans basic salad definitely with moderation . it's all very precise now with how much thc is in each edible sold , and trying a little bit at a time , then waiting 45 minutes is recommended for first timers . before it was recreationally legal here in denver , i went to an underground party and they were selling cookies at the door . the guy told me twice , careful , man . it's double dipped ! it had been ... i listen to the personality hacker podcast pretty regularly , and their latest episode is an interview with beatrice chestnut . i found it pretty fascinating hearing about how she found the enneagram ... original by the kinks . yeah , that was the note 7 . i just had the s7 . and i actually like my service , so probably won't want to change carriers . thanks , though ! first of all , thanks for reading ! : biggrin : here's my issue : i brought my galaxy s7 in ( to the third place ) to fix the ear speaker . it was really quiet no matter how loud the volume was . otherwise ... no . and i think there is usually more than one one for most people . but i'm not even sure what it means anymore . have you ever had an out of body experience ? unfortunately not on youtube yet . living in denver it's like being a kid in a candy store ( when i have money … ) . still so many breweries i need to visit , but have been to quite a few . favorite type depends on the mood i'm in . a good ... artist : tobacco title : sweatbox dynasty label : ghostly release date : august 19 , 2016 genre : electronic style : experimental indietronic link : ... really digging this ! on the last song now . some of it reminds me of vector lovers . i assume you've seen that he's releasing his 2nd lp at the end of september ? oooh ! nice female vox just showed up ! katemess thanks for your response ! i believe something is definitely going on whether it's early symptoms of alzheimer's or something else ( step-mom suggested possibility of some mini strokes ) ... a little background first : i work for my dad's company which him and my step-mom run together . i don't really have much of a relationship with him and don't feel very close to him , but he's still ... 529058 stuff you should know you made it weird ( w / pete holmes ) personality hacker ( very appropriate pairing with this community ) savage lovecast my apologies if this has been discussed here before . i definitely struggle in taking action in my life , and instead i debate about it , and over think , and try and process options and try to figure ... really happy to see bruce campbell again as ash ! the first episode was pretty great . i hope it continues to be , considering sam raimi is only directing the first and no others . some of my favorites : nine inch nails - fragile tour tool - ( right after lateralus was released ) system of a down portishead amon tobin sigur ros primus original : cover : this can be nice if you like this style . i've enjoyed this since i first saw it . even showed it in a typography class i took . warning : nsfw just purchased gorillaz - plastic beach , and while not my favorite album of theirs , one that i'm happy to have . great artwork and it sounds really nice on vinyl . that must be frustrating ! i was just having a conversation about this the other day . personally , i wouldn't want to buy something that i couldn't use . i have some records that have great personal ... do you buy and sell ? as a business ? really ? ! i've had a record player for a few years , but it needed a new belt for about a year . since i got the new belt recently , i've been in addict mode ( also thanks to a good friend for passing the ... it's certainly not easy for me to do , so i can relate . i think overall it just takes facing up to the task and saying the reasons for why you think you shouldn't see him anymore and how much he's ... from howstuffworks.com : branan , nicole . did language evolve as a learning aid ? scientific american . june 2008 . did language evolve as a learning aid ? - scientific american croom , ... i'm surprised about how little attention his death has had . i also really liked wisconsin death trip , and they were really fun live . a lot of good memories associated with listening to that album ... orignal by the kinks i agree . no need to push it , i think it would just irritate my boss . still kind of annoying on my end , but oh well . thanks for the reply , bd . great points ! unfortunately i already talked to him yesterday and he won't compensate me while i'm commuting the 17 miles from my friend's place . i do find it unfair , ... so , to cut to the chase , i have been working on a house 80 miles away from my home . my boss says he'll pay $ 20 a day for gas money . i have been staying at a friend's place and he lives only 17 miles ... thanks dual ! i'll check out that documentary . i also wonder if it takes a certain personality to be successful ( even on a small level ) . a great quote from jerry seinfeld's comedians in cars getting ... has anyone here tried it ? are you currently doing it ? it's been something i've been interested in trying out for a long time but never really put anything together , aside from a couple bits every few ... skyler on breaking bad . i think her character fits in well with the rest of the show . i don't see how looking after her family and being upset with walt for acting aloof is so annoying to people ... i have mine . every few years i'll pull them out and look at them just because it's weird to think that i was this other person during that time , and there were some people that i don't remember that ... i've been going to one for the last couple of months and have come to the conclusion that i'm not making the progress i want with him . he's a genuine person , and i try to give him as much info as i ... alright , so i met up with her and she was in the same boat as me ( as far it being just a fun night and that was it ) . she said she was a little insulted even that i wanted to meet up just to talk ... thanks for the reply . i'm meeting up with her tonight to talk about it . i must admit that i'm pretty nervous about it and i'm hoping she'll understand even if she's upset which is completely valid . i ... thanks for the pm moop . ( can't pm you back since i don't have enough posts yet ) i'm always one for honesty , even though i have some insecurities about being blatantly honest all the time stemming ... alright , so i know this is a pretty typical situation , i just have difficulty dealing with it . so , to be concise , i ran into my ex girlfriend from a few years ago this last weekend . i haven't ... assume you have the right to protest anything , anywhere and the cops will cooperate peacefully . '