me : isfp dad : esfp ( i think ) mom : istp ( this is probably why we clashed so much when i was a teenager but we still clash sometimes mainly because ix92m a feeler and shex 92s a thinker . ) reign is a period drama television series following the early years of mary , queen of scots , in 1557 france . i'm guessing on the types ( most of these characters are also real historical ... me : isfp dad : exfp mom : istp mbti : isfp enneagram : 9w1 house : hufflepuff i'm pretty sure i'm a 9w1 . sun sign : leo , ascendant : cancer , moon : taurus . year of the metal horse . austin : esfp dez : enfp ally : infj trish : estp i can be really sensitive sometimes . i'm 22 but i turn 23 next month . me : isfp dad : esfp ( i think ) mom : istp ( this is probably why we clashed so much when i was a teenager but we still clash sometimes mainly because i ’ m a feeler and she ’ s a thinker . ) my ... candice : infj kree : infj angie : estp amber : isfj janelle : enfp lazaro : esfp burnell : esfj devin : intj paul : isfp curtis : entp gretchen is my favorite . gretchen is definitely an intj i would say gus might be infj mikey was a ixfp spinelli is an esfj tj is an esfp vince is an estp sabrina : xsfp hilda : esfp zelda : istj salem : estj harvey : ixfp post the link so i don't post here anymore . i would say libby - entj mr . kraft - istj valerie : isfp ms . quick : intp jenny ( sabrian's friend in the first season ) - infp for the rest of the high school characters . i was caught between n and s for hilda the same thing with harvey . i don't have the patience to search through the topics so if this already posted forgive me . what do you the types of the sabrina , the teenage witch characters are . sabrina : xsfp hilda : enfp ... i wouldn't date anyone younger than me by four or more years . it does depend on the guy though . i'm a pretty good writer ( stories , poems and songs . ) i can't sing well but i sing anyway . i can't make art ( not sure about painting though ) emma - enfj manny : enfp jt : esfp toby : intj jimmy : estp spinner : entp ashley : xnfp terri : isfp paige : estp marco : esfp i'm an only child and an isfp . harry : isfp hermione : istj ron : esfp ginny : entj neville ; isfp luna : infp dean : istp seamus : estp fred : entp george ; enfp i would type him as an intj or istj . what do you guys think ? entp yeah , i know he changed after rehab and stuff . i know his wife nicole kidman is an infj . i would probably type him as xsxp . i can't really see if he's an introvert or extrovert i think i'm leaning more towards introvert . i can't tell if he's ... cory - enfp shawn - isfp topanga - enfj eric - esfp angela - isfj jack - estp rachel - enfp amy matthews - infp alan matthews - isfp morgan - esfp arthur - isfp francine - entp buster - esfp muffy - enfp brain - istj fern - infp binky - xnfp dw - enfp mr . ratburn - intj mom - enfj eric - esfj annie - enfj matt - enfj mary - esfp lucy - xnfj simon - intp ruthie - estp i'm a isfp and hufflepuff . welcome to the forums . i'm also an isfp . i'm delaney by the way . i'm delaney . nice to meet you .