' after having this problem for a solid 5 years i've finally found a suitable solution . it's called lorazepam and it's pretty cool , man . 73721 fuck , i was sexy when i was 14 . if i implied that i assumed all intjs were the way i described , it was unintentional . i am only sharing my limited experience . admittedly , i know very few intjs personally . the majority of my ... i often find them pretentious , self-important , arrogant , elitist , etc . general intellectual snobbery . my best friend is one , though , and is not that way at all . he's brilliant , but really down to ... canines . why is it scary for a bird to walk ? it's not , but he's better at flying . i love my dog more than anything that exists on this earth . what's a small talk ? i can't believe i talked for 20 minutes . probably about 5 without the drunk pauses though . so far , i admire the istp videos for their directness compared to some of the others . i ... i've finally found a home ... haha , thank you for your analysis sir ! i appreciate it greatly . much more clear to have an outside source help me identify my type , as i overanalyze the shit out ... so i just made this response to the video challenge . i tried to be as coherent as possible in answering the questions but i was kinda buzzin ' and i'm a bit off :) . anyway , i thought it might be ... i don't even understand my emotions well enough to speak on them very accurately . i do know that i have used anger as a catalyst for change in my life . if something has me down i guess i channel ... i like to say don't we all in certain situations . it's hard to describe when , and i can't think of any examples ... but i always say it in response to people in situations when they wouldn't expect ... i get really playful in an asshole-ish way when i'm drunk . i fuck with people to no end , finding it hilarious when they get mad . it's not malicious or anything , but to people who don't me it might ... time to commence the home invasions i guess after years of living in phases of depression and happiness , and studying a bit about the cognitive functions , i'm beginning to make some connections ( ni at work ? ) . it seems as though during times of ... dear esfp , when you told me it would be your last day at work , i'm sorry i couldn't at least pretend to care . i mean , i don't care . you're cool and all , but i won't miss you . you laughed too much ... well the lack of disagreement in this thread makes it rather uninteresting . you could almost generalize that istps don't view sex as any sort of big deal at all ... damn , where all the istp women ... that shit looks fuckin awesome ! haven't been paintballing since i got fined for playing in a state park . miss it . i get what you're saying . i mean , the gist of it at least . i'm just trying to understand how your moral code comes about in your own mind . is it just there and you're not sure why ? is it something ... just curious where this clear sense of right and wrong originates . although i'm an istp , i constantly ask myself these questions . not sure if i really know what emotion even is ... perhaps i should read that book . it appears as though we both have an esxx problem . is there anyone you can call about that ? es-busters ? i relate for sure . but for me it depends on the situation . if i'm just going to a friend's house for a small get together or just to hang out , i like to keep it short and retreat back to my comfort ... ugh , exactly . so annoying when people create drama over tiny issues . can't we just all live the simple life ? oh yeah , i know , totally my own assumption . i realize her mind probably works in a completely different way . i'm trying to be more mindful of this ! gah ! i have much to learn about your world ! ... welcome . and for some reason i get the feeling your a feeler ... not that that means anything . i can't lie , i often don't get along with intjs and their way of speaking / acting . although the above quote sounds perfectly reasonable to me . i detect no shit in this instance . i'm sure there will be ... : kitteh : ahh , so this is where the stereotype of intjs being insufferable , pompous asses comes from . i'm not even going to correct your assumption about my use of the word weird , but know that you're ... well , they were . did you post that video without seeing my post of the same video ? haha . do istps love dogs ? they're certainly much easier to get along with , and much more likely to elicit an emotional response . this is really interesting ... really highlights the differences in the way different types think . i am under the impression that we are good enough friends for this teasing to take place . of course , ... soap and thanks for the info in a realm in which i am rather inept.one more question : are you easily hurt from seemingly mean ( but joking ) teasing ? for example , i work with a ... question to enfp females : how do you show you are attracted to someone ? also , why am i drawn to you ? istp here . i see myself as a mountain goat ... often seen alone traversing insanely steep and dangerous cliffs . other animals look at the mountain goat and think what the fuck are you thinking ? but ... i always had trouble paying attention in class . always . forcing myself to take notes required my attention . but that didn't always work out as i absolutely hate taking notes . i'd usually stop halfway ... dear esfj , stop telling me about your problems . it's not that i don't care ... actually , yes it is . i'm sorry your life sucks so much right now but i can offer absolutely no emotional assistance ... you guys are weird , man . admirable and often attractive to me ... but weird . just kill him well i'd say i'm quite confident in typing myself as an istp now . lol'd also , this ... dogs , every time . hahaha , love this my thoughts exactly . cept i am in my early 20s and i do enjoy myself a few one-nighters here and there . oh well , sue me . i like no strings attached sex . it's fun and simple . maybe i'll care more ... i could probably be diagnosed as such . but a disorder is only a disorder if it causes disorder . meaningful intimate relationships are pretty much last on my list of priorities . never really ... good stuff , i appreciate it . i'm sure that when i'm doing my favorite activities like jiu-jitsu , weight training , etc . , it's causing me to feel a certain way . up until now though , i've always been so ... ha ! i love dogs . more than anything ! and i dislike cats . funny how that works . also , my dome is quite large and squarish . sort of like my big slobbery dog's . interesting . funny how such a ... lol'd . i could use some of that humanitarian concern though . sometimes . been this way forever . i don't ever remember being emotional . i'm quite sure what i think about situations . my ti takes ... yeah i certainly prefer hands on activities . that is how i get my greatest enjoyment . from sports , nature , music , and the like ... all experienced through the senses . it seems as though many intps ... '