' xandria omg , you're so beautiful ! ! welcome to infp land : cheerful : ... and while you were typing it , it got at least 45 minutes later than you originally planned ... and while that sure bugs you , it doesn't really surprise or bother you that much . you just reorganize ... welcome to the forum , fellow infp ! don't worry , infps can be rational . and outgoing . i mistyped as entp first - every single time i took a test . it's more about how you engange your functions than ... grandmother ( dad's side ) , preschool music teacher : esxp grandfather ( dad's side , deceased ) , conductor and composer : some xnxx , te-fi / fi-te axis . vague guess entj . dad , doctor : intj ( i'm starting to ... jw1212 hello and welcome to the forum ! :-) honestly , i can feel your pain - in a way . i'm one of the more outgoing introverts ( in fact , mistyped as entp for quite a while at first ) , but am sure ... i totally agree ! my former flatmate and colleague , a female in her early 30s , was ( very likely ) an intp ( of course i could still type her wrong ) . and most of the time , it would appear like i was the ... soulmate ... whoa , big word . not sure if i really believe in people being a perfect match for each other right from the start . i fall for men who see me for me . the dynamic usually is this : i ... i get told i look alert , observant , curious and mischievous on default , but am equally quick to raise my eyebrows right off my face when concentrating , or to break into a bright cheeky smile . when ... uhmmm ... feel free to take my introvert card back , and my intuitive card along with it , but i love to dance . have been intensely trained at classic ballet as a kid ( age 4-12 ) , so it did become a ... ah , the infamous infp shyness ... as a kid and only child , this was really bad , used to hide behind the sofa when my parents had guests coming over , pretending to have important business going on ... don't worry . behaving like a teenager gets more and more fun , the further you get away from actually being one . ;-) i'm not trying to ridicule all of you young folks here , i know what you mean and ... can't think of any istp i remember . i know one entp ( plus one suspected ) , one entj ( textbook example ! ) , one isfp , one esfj , one estp . two suspected enfjs and infjs.for all other types , i know at ... first , i try to avoid situations where i know i'll get hurt without seeing much of a potential to grow through this situation . if that's not possible , i try to understand where the other person ... - authentic - open-minded , free-spirited , non-judgemental , versatile - energetic , but not obnoxious - rarely sweat the small stuff - quick and creative thinker , even under stress / pressure - fun-loving ... - hypersensitivity - lack of orderliness in everyday life - procrastination and avoiding things - shy , but in need of a lot of social interaction , but easily drained by people - fiercely independent , ... i have these two in high quality prints and framings in my main room , on different walls ... i love early 20th century art , but those are two of my definite all-time favourites . especially the ... katfeatherfoot aww , thanks ! :) astralflame thank you , too ! you mean there's a chance i'll give the infjs a run for their money in a penetrating-stare-contest ... ? ! ;P i realise now how stupid my ... me : infp most attracted to , based on what i've read : entj , infj , enfp least attracted to , based on what i've read : estj , isfj , istp most attracted to , real life : intj , enxp , esfp least ... haha , i never believed in any of those . but as i grow older ( and to an age where many of my friends start their own families ) , i can see how much fun they had when they put on their show for me ! my ... you know you are an infp if you have friend crushes so huge , they creep yourself out . especially if there really is no sexual attraction at all . infp . 1 . i like to party and am rarely socially insecure ( unless it's a formal occasion ) , and i kinda like being the center of attention . 2 . leadership and taking charge comes to me quite ... 4958344958 10 meee ... did it work ? : laughing : that sounds about fantastic :) i get the notion that infp parents are actually a blessing for the next generation and society , even though they might do a lot of things in a very non-traditional ... props to you ! i assume they grew up fine ? because that's what i invented when i was little , and my intj dad always got really mad about it , always trying to get me to be more competitive . guess he ... any other infp 7s out here ? i'm quite new to enneagram and still try to figure out what it's all about with the tritypes and such , but i'm quite positive i'm a 7w6 so . first tested as 8w7 , but i ... yeah , that's what made me doubt my ne ( in favor of se ) in the first place . i'd totally be up for backpacking across europe ( well ... i should say east asia or something because i am european and live ... infp here ... did anyone say party ? ? with a dancefloor ? heck yes ! ! got work tomorrow , but who cares , first round is on me ! mistakenforastranger of course i could be wrong , but citing statistics and logic can be a dom-fi trait as well instead of stronger te . i've seen this in a lot of strong fi-users who have ... jasmine 200 i might not be a genius at typing people , but you sure sound like an isfp . the dom fi is there quite clearly , and so is the aux se . have you heard about the fi-ni-loop of isfps ? this ... i agree with drunk parrot , probably intp . dom ti is the only option i can clearly see , inferior fe as well ( ever get that just out of reach feeling when trying to absorb others ' emotions ? ) . i ... you know you're an infp when you question your type at least once a week ;) honestly , i've been there and thought about isfp as well , since i'm quite a bit more up for adventure than the usual ... when you hit your leg on a table really hard and impulsively apologize to it . then you turn around and examine the table and see there's a tiny scratch where you hit it and you actually feel ... weeelcome ! yay , an entp - so . much . fun ! plus , you guys have the most hilarious subforum on here :) i almost always test as entp too , but i know that's not quite true ;) are you in a relationship ... hey braverose , that's an interesting subject ! here's another idea : you say you like to talk about feelings with your friends , either yours or theirs . when it's about theirs , and you empathize or ... ashara haha , well , i admit it was a pretty wild guess , but something about your writing seemed to remind me a little of my own german accent ... no offence meant ! and yes , probably everybody ... push the button for more drama ! haha , missal , you almost make me feel like sneaking back to facebook ... ;-) well , and my lifestyle isn't that much different from normal people ... it's what you make of it . i need to travel a ... welcome ! * hands out cookies * same problem here , probably enfp but could be entp ;) don't worry , probably you'll find out soon enough - and after all , both are pretty awesome , aren't they ? enjoy ... hi ashara , welcome to the forums ! hope you have a great time here ! :) i'm a newbie , too , and i already had a great time here ( especially reading the hilariously random banters in the entp forum ) ... ... hello everyone , i'd really appreciate your help with finding out my type . i mean , i can live with being an xnxp for the rest of my days , but it's more satisfying to know all of it , right ? ;) i've ... hey thanks , that was an interesting read ! that sums it up pretty well for me . i'm in a stage of my life where i should be getting my act together - getting a reasonably steady job ( which ... big welcome from another newbie :) thanks for sharing your background ! i hope you will enjoy exploring the forum as much as i do ! actually , i quit facebook as well a year ago . sometimes i have an ... * ... objective reasoning type of person . the autocorrect struggle is real . bigstupidgrin thanks for the welcome ! :) yes , that was a good hint , i've been strolling around the cognitive forum's sticky threads for a while now ( lots of pretty tough stuff to read , whew ! ) and ... when you state you don't like doing something , then you get outvoted ( or someone explains - to some extent reasonably - why it has to be done ) , and you're just like ok fine . i'll do it . case ... pertracto thank you :) it's such an interesting forum , i'm really excited ... ! dani mckay yes , the viola repertoire is a little limited , sadly ... people didn't start to really notice it till the 1900s , it seems . beautiful choice of favourite composers , by the way - vaughan ... 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? i ... best wishes from a fellow entp from europe ! e and t functions so weak with me , i actually pass for infp sometimes , but if i look at pictures of me where my friends commented oh that's classic you ! ... this seems to work ! my shadow type is isfj , and it's a lot more decisive than the usual test results so far ... so i might really be an entp ... kinda surprising i'm such a freak , but in a way not at ... '