' what makes you think that if you're introvert , you'd know it ? being an introvert isn't some kind of special condition , or lack of extraversion . energy source is actually a huge simplification . as benty said , it's the direction of the libido ( libido by jung is our psyche's energy ) . an extravert is focused on external data , looking at ... because non of the two points you made makes sense . care to back them up ? sent from my x5 using tapatalk enneagram isn't by choice in the first place . and while isfp 8 isn't the most common combination , it's definitely possible . sent from my x5 using tapatalk show him the description of lsi ( istj ) , socionics equivalent of istp . i agree with most of them , but why esfp for beast ? i'm not going to go into too much depth about the difference between keirsey and jungian cognitive functions here , but for example , he wrote ( pumii ) , that jung confused introversion with intuition ... do they have to be keirsey sensors , or does cognitive functions work ? if so , alexander the great , napoleon and caesar . to be fair , i don't know enough by far about any of those , but how they managed ... what in her seems to indicate ni and se ? know what ? that i'm not attracted to them ? that they can deal with me ? i don't know what stand users are , but i guess it's not too relevant to the point . for the record , i have several close friends that can deal with me , and i'm not really attracted by other sjs , ... care to explain why ? well first of all , we don't see much of her cognition . she is intelligence in a person , and that's all we see from her . this makes it hard , if not impossible , to make an educated guess on her type . ... jester i'll just mention you instead of quoting all of the posts , as there are a few that i'd like to comment on . first of all , knowing that luke is her brother and that tarkin is on the ship , is ... yea , and not just her ... the force in general . jester why do you think leia has high intuition ? what about melisandre ? spacestation carol a couple of questions : there is a professional right next to you . you always see that you can't perform the way they do . your feelings , thoughts and actions ? when you have to ... what about ramsay as an isfj ? i know , it sounds strange , but it does make sense . the whole reason for what he did with theon is because of the idea he had about his former friend . the general ... lmiris , i don't have a magic recipe for you , because there is none . and honestly , it might be better to ask other enfps ( or types that values but has low te ) , because for us ( and entjs ) , te is ... the ones i've read is gifts differing , psychological types ( jung ) and please understand me ii . imo , psychological types is the best book there is to understand the basics behind mbti , as it's the ... but it's not related to type . which is what your argument was based on . tywin saying that because robb lacks experience isn't si . it's common sense . thinking that someone with no experience in warfare would be a bad commander isn't related to type . it's not like si has monopoly on using experience for something . entjs does this as well . he's referencing that people in general get better by experience . if someone would come to you and say that there are dinosaurs in another country , would you believe them ? tywin isn't saying that they never existed , ( i didn't mean tywin when i said that people ... yes , i do agree that it was a great plan . and it did work . but the point is that his own commanders were against it , and that tywin being ni or si wouldn't matter to that working . because it seemed , ... his mistakes with robb , daenerys , his kids , etc , could just as well be ni . i'm arguing that we have a hard time seeing anything beyond te in him , because of unhealthy he is . his focus is purely on ... i haven't read a world of ice and fire , still looking forward to doing that at some point . but i still have an impression of their types . rhaenys seems like a sure fi dom , not sure which . i'm ... why esfp over isfp for daenerys ? those without an introverted function . correct , te differs when it's dominant and when it's a tool . but i don't agree that our tools are more apparent . i don't see any reason why the base would be hard to see , or any good source stating ... mantra why would mostly the auxiliary function show ? either way , subjective or personal logic is the definition of ti . refine your theories , yes . but that's just it . theories . disconnected from reality . it's not uncommon for intps to reject facts in ... i could really see any st type , more so estj and istp , because of dominant thinking . he's all facts and reality . possibilities aren't interesting , fantasies aren't interesting , it's all about what's ... not sure how controversial it is , but stannis baratheon as istp . ceasar and napoleon as probable esfps . killvmaim . i agree on davos , maybe brianne as well . while it might be an interesting article , don't take it as mbti . they say themselves that they're not working with mbti . mbti is built by jung and works with functions , while 16personalities ... i see your point , but it's not technically correct . in psychological types , myers talks about how the j in introverts is based on their auxiliary function , and that infps are dominant introverted ... infj in socionics is fi ne , which correlates to infp in mbti . what makes you think estj - infj seems to be a good match though ? the ones i know i'm not particularly close to , so i can't provide ... 1 . the one is a fictional dream that comes from too much disney movies . 2 . intuitives wouldn't be better at it even if it was the case . actually , no . most marriages ends in divorces . not ... why wouldn't we take much notice of them ? for the record , i don't think that the statistics are really that accurate . from my experience , sjs aren't quite that common , and nfs are a lot more common than they are supposed to be . istj , istp and estj . i can't really see intj at all . i'm not sure he fits the definition of superhero , but i'd probably prefer iron man . when it comes to superpower ( s ) , intelligence , knowledge , wisdom . not really doing nothing , but times when ... it'd be very interesting if someone would do stannis . for all three types he's commonly typed as . not sure i can , but i'd be really interested in discussing it if someone did . depends on what kind of trip it is . my guess is that i'd have it in the back of my head for weeks before leaving , putting away things that i need , decide what i'll bring , etc . the packing itself ... type isn't fully translatable . and istj in socionics is ti-se , while istp is si-te . so if we would translate , it'd be enfp and istj that are duals . i'll go with dany , that'll probably cause some debate . so the most common typing i've seen for her is infj , while i'm pretty sure she's xsfp , most likely isfp . the main differences being ... coldwindsrising i'd jump on that train faster than cersei to wildfire ! starcraft seems great for estjs . i haven't tried it , but if i'd play games , that'd be it . right , this sounds very estj . on the other hand , the values of slytherin is a lot more accurate for an estj . we do not prioritize work over results . i don't know where you got that from .  ... '