i've known this enfp guy for a few years now and i'm a little confused . he comes across as either gay or metro so it confuses me even more when he says certain things . when we first met , he asked if ... intj with dark brown eyes . 33 out of 36 , intj . i am a visual learner for sure , when people give me directions to somewhere by telling me i either immediately forget what the directions were or i just don't understand them . does the same thing ... my little brother is an entp and we get along for the most part . i don't think i would want to date one though . i had an entp interested in me once but he reminded me of my brother way too much for ... my mom is an enfj , and as an intj i find it difficult to understand her thoughts and emotions sometimes . when she wants to vent about certain things to me i think she sometimes feels like she is ... i somehow know two other female intjs , we get along very well for the most part . one of them is my aunt and she and i don't have any problems but she and my mom have a somewhat tense relationship ... enfp i was leaving class and my former macroeconomics professor walked into the room as other students and i were leaving . the room i was leaving was the same classroom he uses so that's why he was there , ... i sat next to this girl while i was waiting for my economics class to start today , and then the girl said she recognized me . this girl came over to my house a few years ago with one of my friends , i ... how do you tell if an enfp is flirting with you ? istj intj i would hate to be a construction worker or a kindergarten / preschool teacher . she knows that i am introverted , but she says that she doesn't care how tired i am . she's just interested in making other people feel better . i'm thinking this an ni and fe conflict happening here . hi , my mom is an enfj and she tells me to be more talkative when she is talking to people in public . i tend to speak very little when people are already talking to them because i was taught that it ... my enfj mom keeps bugging me about making friends with guys that she finds suitable for me to date in the future . it doesn't matter to her when i tell her that i'm not interested right now . what ... hi , i'm an intj . i'm quiet , calm , and brilliant . according to my mom and brother . my mom wants me to be more interested in boys , but she can't make me feel something for someone or something i'm not interested in . don't push him to , it's a waste of time . he will be interested when ... yesterday i went to visit a college that i was thinking about enrolling in this year . i was with my dad and my grandmother because we had to drop off my brother for his end of the year testing , so we ... this is for anyone interested in sharing their thoughts on what they think the world would be like if only one of each type existed in the world . intj when people want to lead something just so they can make themselves look in control even when they don't know what they're doing . people who bully others . people who don't understand that not ... to other intjs who want to share their middle and high school experience . the thread how you see the 16 types in gif form by sherlydeduce inspired me to make this . welcome to the forum ! yes , it is an experiment . to my fellow intjs , what is your favorite and least favorite color ? hi personalitycafe , my username is katalyst , and i'm 17 . i joined perc at the end of march so i'm a little late for the intro , so you might have seen me around before . but so far i've enjoyed ... my mom said that i rarely cried as a baby too , unless there was something wrong with me or if they put me down . entj , and no . i love parties and talking about celebrities ' personal lives . does this happen with a specific group of people ? or does that just happen to you everywhere ? intj : smart , genius , quiet , scary , intimidating , shy , calm , stoic , kind , sweet , mysterious , complex learn how to get your point across with less words . isfj : esfj : istj : estj : istp : ... intp type most likely to become a pre-school teacher ? likes e . t . and enjoys nostalgic movies . i like the drive and confidence entjs have . intp does being an intuitive and perceiving type make it hard to focus ? enxps infj inxp yeah , lol i'm a gemini , and the gemini description looks like it's describing an exxp . it completely contradicts my mbti type . what do enfps think of intjs ? i have heard that there are male intjs represented in anime , such as light yagami from death note and lelouch from code geass , but it's hard to find female intjs in anime . if you know any female ... i had an entp interested in me once , i had zero interest in him because he reminded me too much of my entp brother and my uncle . she could be in a similar situation with you , but as a general rule of ... when your thinking face makes people uneasy and they keep asking if you're okay .