' america is so estj . you will comply . i think understanding and acceptance are more important than type differences . my dad is an intj and my mum an isfj and they have been successfully married for almost 22 years . the longest they've ... i would say everything is ultimately the responsibility of the omnipotent being who created us , if you believe such a being exists . death is bearable when someone has lived a long and fulfilled ... this made me laugh ! i wasn't trying to phrase it as i deliberately flout the rules all the time ; of course not , that's ridiculous . but most of the time i only follow the rules if they make sense to ... i don't ' rage ' at all any more . i was a very angry and emotional child , i used to get wound up and cry and lash out a lot . i've learned to control that now , to the extent that i think i've only got ... ok . i'm starting to lean more towards being a repressed extrovert , however i find sp types in general are very focussed on the here and now , enjoying what today is giving us and not really worrying ... cbelle , i don't want to be rude , but i just wanted to ask , are you sure he's an istp and as religious as you ? someone once called ti and se the ' godless functions ' and i'd kind of agree with that ... it always does ... because sex is too awesome . definitely . i used to be quite emo . even now i dress normally i still like the music of that genre ! chase the dream , not the competition oh what a tangled web we weave / when first we practise to decieve love is not love / which alters when it alteration finds create the hype , don't ... janeway drives me up the wall ! infp - sergeant major i remember people's names and everything about them without trying ... ? i thought this was what s-types did ? eg my cousin's husband's brother turned up at my work today , and i remembered his name , ... am i the only one who likes these gatherings at all ? i like to know everything about everyone though it bores me not to be able to get a word in edgeways over my nan . chase the dream , not the competition oh what a tangled web we weave / when first we practise to decieve love is not love / which alters when it alteration finds create the hype , don't ... i'm a 19 year old istp female and i've never been in love or felt a definite romantic attraction to someone . the thing is , i think i may be judging by the wrong standards . all the depictions in ... no one has seemed interested in my opinions , so i gave up on offering them a while ago . you should do something because you believe it to be right , not because an 1800 year old book tells you so . i never thought an ixtp was the type to be indoctrinated . agree 100 % . through my job i have encountered pictures of children who have been abused ( like catalogues of their bruises ) and it is just sickening . i'm normally chronically apathetic but that really ... i am a typical istp in that i love to do things with my hands . for example , i love to cook , and to sew things - i'm a pretty good seamstress even if i do say so myself ! the thing i find really ... i've always thought that the opportunistic , spur of the moment criminal would be an xstp , and the calculated criminal intx . any children i have will have all of their vaccinations . i'm not big on doctors , but i think the 21st century has forgotten how horrible these conditions are . my mother was almost blinded by rubella ... love how you're stalking me ' round the forum bro , nice work . no serious now , i actually fully appreciate when people take the time to offer their opinions . i get lost on this very quickly especially ... you scored a total of 77 it is highly likely that you are presently suffering from adult attention deficit disorder , according to your responses on this self-report questionnaire . you should not ... e the most self-centred prick i know is an xnfp . my estp boss doesn't do this at all . i think it's probably more of an exxj thing . i'm territorial but not possessive if that makes sense ? i hate people who are possessive over what i see as trivial things . like sweets , or a t-shirt . huh ? i love singing and talking ( or listening ) , silence is boring as fuck . i was in the car with my ex once for about 2-3 hours and i literally talked the entire way . i can't be the only person thinking this is a very phallic image ... legal assistant , wills deeds & probate department . also cover receptionist . as of next month , full time university student . i haven't had much chance for adventure in my life so far but if i make a list of things i would love to do before i die it generally includes the following : base jumping sky diving bungee ... i'm usually not very emotional , but this song had me in floods . how do the rest of you react ? it's one of the saddest things i've heard . my mother is an isfj and my father an intj . one of my best friends is an isfj as well and her last boyfriend was an entp . so in my experience , nts ! this . i don't mind if you believe something that's in the bible , as long as you can justify it independently of that book . which generally you can't ( especially when it comes to homosexuality ) ... i find that i am generally unaware of my feelings towards someone - romantic or friendship - until some sort of adversity occurs . for instance , my friend's boyfriend just dumped her in an awful way ... an sj : cool : entps = mental doctor who boris johnson my boss ( who is in another world 99 % 0f the time ) i like you guys , but at a distance . ne + perceiving = totally random individual . weird that both me and my dad fit , but my mum doesn't at all so it can't be right . my dad , an mbti expert , says istps and estps are the ' beachmasters ' ( the ones who get a landing army off the beach in one piece ) because we are the only types who can exist totally in the moment and ... i love my esfj sister , but she's so emotional at times . i know 3 istps and i don't like any of them much . they all seem so ... utterly inert and content to underachieve . you see the thread my biggest sexual dilema and your first thought isn't hmm , i wonder what the issue is but rather that's not how you spell dilemma , goon - - - also you see one of those ... i always end up drawn to fs . you need some emotional input for the relationship to get anywhere , and it isn't going to come from me very easily . my intj dad makes loads of grammar errors ( such as confusing less and fewer ) and it's always me and my isfj mother ( mainly me ) who correct him ! my esfj sister said she doesn't like being less ' special ' than me . i said meeting more people on average who think something like you do isn't really a bad thing ... i was feeling rebellious , and i'm generally not quite what people expect . i wouldn't know , because i've never had strong feelings for anyone . i doubt i would be though . i tend to give people their space and expect it to be reciprocated . since we're going to brag ... i got 98.7 % in a level english literature , including full marks on 3 papers . i also got 97.5 % at gcse despite refusing to revise . i have no idea how i do this - ... '