' i'm not a big-reader , but i love books and i want to read more books than i actually do . i've got a little pile to read , and despite that , i know a few more books that i would want to add to that ... it is the kind of relation towards homosexuality & lgbt's i was reffering to in post #45 that i think people ought to have , and not being homophobic . i definitely don't think all straight people are lumped into a homophobic category , straight is per definition , not liking homosexuality . if they did they wouldn't be straight but rather bisexual . people can dislike things and have different opinions but that doesn't lead them to being bigoted and discriminating against peers who thinks otherwise . i don't like mcdonald's but that doesn't lead ... yes definitely , and it reminds me of a similar attitude that exists against introverts ( though the issue is not near the same level as that of lgbt ) , you are always expected to act and like the same ... everyone is abit different , some more then others , and it is a obvious matter that in a worthy society people should be able to be different , to be themselves without having to suffer from ... religion still plays and has historically played quite a role in it , but when judging people there are alot of religious folk who has no problems with lgbt people . the church ( former state church , ... curious how infj's react on this and generally their stance against homophobia , since infj's are described as infjs are champions of the oppressed and downtrodden . also perhaps a relevant topic ... 9 or 8 times out of 10 i prefer to be alone . and the times when i am and enjoy being around some people , that is only during a certain extent of time and then i want to be alone again . indeed like ... i determine what music i listen to , i never consult with my type in any of my decisions in life . although sometimes i have to take into account that i'm an introvert . infj - atheist ( humanist ) i don't particulary like to be interrogated : rolleyes : what would you want them to do apart from doing the test and then read about their type , what is it that you are asking from them ? too cold . * shiver * the dilemma is during the transition period between winter - spring , it can be too warm to wear your winter jacket and too cold to not wear any jacket at all . also on windy & / or rainy days , a ... nice thanks : happy : , for now i'm just looking for inspiration and mabye it will also help others who is undecided . yeah , because it can give inspiration to folks who's gonna buy one but don't know what they're looking for : rolleyes : , and just interesting to see what people wear & perhaps see trend differences ... if you have one , buying one or just wishfully ( too expensive ? ) want a particular one , then post a picture of it or one which looks similar if possible . : laughing : i've read it and i liked it a great deal , i was also able to relate to it quite well . for those of you who are reading it but have not finished it yet , i can personally say that enjoyed the later ... if it is sudden or accidentally , though to certain people i pick under a controlled environment , i . e . no surprises then i'm not embarrased . and it also depends which kind of music i am sharing , i ... i agree with you that full immersion is probably the best method , i'm fond of foreign languages and this causes me to be alittle jealous of extroverts since it is only natural for you to talk much ... first time i did the test like a year ago or so i then typed as intj , thought about it for a while and asked myself if i was really , really honest when i typed it . so i did the test again a week ... escaping reality by for example ; daydreaming music games tv shows & movies books simply put , occupy myself with things which can distract my mind from myself . though i suppose this only deals ... i do indeed enjoy learning languages , though i wouldn't say that it is particularly easy or that i excel at learning languages . i haven't tried any intensive learning ( yet ) , i take my time . abortion : pro-choice . health care : universal health care . economy : mixed economy . environment / climate change : yes , and like good a native american proverb goes , we do not inherit ... '