' well ... i'm not sure if this would be an accepted case here , but i find that some video game tracks fit the melancholic bill real well . ... ok , here we go ... 1 . i have very high social anxiety ; i had to walk out in the middle of a concert while i was in the audience ( dunno if that's social anxiety or just being uncomfortable ... but ... on a starship amazing binge :  death cube k ; an entity that possesses buckethead ( also an anagram of said name ) who shifts his style from odd heavy guitar riffs to ambient music . it symbolizes a sort of mask i wear in public : i'm ... ( lauri ) saine mark dollin bad sector d fast it depends on how well i know someone . if it's someone i know and hold very dear to me , it's like a sense of comfort , warmth , and trust between us . someone i know but only in a casual friendship with ... girls : ~ amy ( amelia ) ~ lily ( lilian ) ~ marissa boys : ~ leo ( leonardo ) ~ shane i actually have had the girl names planned for a while now ; i guess it's because i'd really like to have a ... hope nobody minds a lil ' 80 ' s rock . this is something i do almost daily ; i love just going out walking to wherever on my own without much to hold me back . just breathing in the fresh air , watching the trees move around the ... i'll ... go with that , i suppose . i'll answer with this : live an extremely fulfilling life ; anything i contribute to society is a bonus . so ... i guess it's choice 1.2 ? :P how much do you value happiness ? very much so ; from the ... no retro gamers ? shame ... mega man and castlevania series on nes and actraiser for the snes . oh and raidou kuzunoha 1 & 2 for ps2 . ... i feel old now . um ... nope , i'm sweet and innocent . :D ok , i used to download music illegally since i believed my money was going to the companies and not the artists . now , i just buy music from independent ... hope nobody minds that i took the thread title literally . :P 2.5 , if that's a real health level . if not , well ... i'll go with 2 . saine - a little something ( best artist i've come across in forever ) buckethead - look up there when you put it that way , it could be mean a red pill or a blue pill ( matrix reference : link ) . just a thought . you know , it's hard for me to pick just one since all of what i dream of is big for me . if i were to pick , though ... it'd be breathing in the air of all the natural places of the world ( read : ... dunno if this would count , but i've been called a bear on the outside but a teddy bear on the inside . the sum of my thoughts , essentially . a kind , motherly woman who is not bothered by my faults ... unfortunately a bit hard for me to find a pic of this . also , i ... kinda have a man crush on christopher meloni of oz fame . ... haven't done anything to mine in months ... mainly more of an interaction thing : i'd rather talk to people i know face-to-face since everyone i know acts different when they're communicating through ... two words : lucid dreaming . i love sleeping because of it . i don't go to any parties only because i get too overwhelmed at any large gathering , almost to the point of anxiety . i'd like to go to one , but being around too many strangers at one time makes me ... one of many trippy pics i've used :  i feel no shame : sometimes play video games or i pop in buckethead and just daydream ... assuming i'm not walking around the neighborhood . lawn . computer . cookies . saine - the morning hour ( no vid , unfortunately ) i hope that listening to chill-out music counts ( nothing heavy and nothing fast ) because ... i can't stand silence . :-P anyhoo ... i think about a lot of things : how things will turn out in the ... i'm fairly aware that piracy will continue to go on even if the mpaa or riaa have to nuke the internet or something ( good luck ) . i really don't get how sharing songs is bad since it's no different ... 1 ) describe your parents in one word each . dad : techy mom : non-techy 2 ) choose one : yes . ( can't choose ... ) 3 ) which statement do you most agree with : - extramarital affairs are normally wrong ... bad sector - mutua mutazione ( mutual mutation ) need some cookies . i would think of it like this : if you be honest with her and let out what you feel , you'll never have to work for her at all and not be intimidated by her again . well ... i'd say that i'm still the same as i was when i was a kid . the only thing i found to be different was that i was a bit more outgoing than i am now . those outgoings usually led to some ... sunburns suck ; not catching any fish on the same day sucks worse . ... i need a 10 minute cuddle . i wonder what it'd be like to live in the clouds ... i mean you look down and see cities , lakes , fields , and all that good stuff . then you look up and you can see pretty much everything in space at ... i swear , trees have the best life : they create air , they get fed naturally , and they sometimes make a good picture . ( distaudio - submit ) this is no way to live how can i give a f * * k when i don't have a f * * k to give this life is pushed down i'd like to care but it's best i don't make a sound a 24 hour nap ... then 48 hours of playing ps2 . central oregon ( specifically bend ) , or the desert with a view as i call it . hate my new room ; with only one small window in a huge room , it feels more like solitary confinement ... without the straitjacket . feel like i need a hug ... though that's something i feel every evening . i grew up with the snes so pretty much any popular game for that system is awesome . still , there's some games for other systems that i love . killer 7 since it's got such a whoa story attached to it ... hello everyone ! i've been a lurker for a while and felt it was about time that i register and participate here . off the record , bob lasher really isn't my name ; just a mixture of usernames i've ... '