'  after 40 years of progress , the new elevator in my apartment carries the same amount of people up and down at roughly half the speed . male : ambrose , isaac female : ada , esmée i always felt i needed to accomplish something grand to be content , but my lack of dynamism kills my chances and it makes me depressed . my enneagram is 9w1 and i reckon my tri-type is 953 , or ... giving away your date of birth to some website is just asking for your identity to be hacked ... unknown , but brilliant thrashcore ( and later on crossover ) band . highly recommended for fans of punk and metal .  1-2- 3 techno - understützung von socket am3 - prozessoren : amd phenom ™ ii x4 / x3 und athlon x4 / x3 / x2 - prozessor ( außer 920 / 940 ) - asrock m3a790gxh / 128m quick installation guide i know ints are often ... i still see far too little appreciation for hellenic bm ...  ...  entp  i don't believe i've felt love as most people experience it . my feelings have been more like purely sexual attraction in the short term and a sense of responsibility for their well-being in the long ...   quest for fire - s / t ( 2008 )  the necessity of politics proves that mankind is despicable , because if we weren't , we wouldn't need it . sludge metal  crust punk continued ...  crust punk not really metal , but related .  grindcore , deathgrind and goregrind ( besides the obvious : napalm death , carcass , terrorizer , repulsion , brutal truth , nasum , ... ) not really metal , but related .  ... death / doom and funeral doom ( besides the obvious : skepticism , paradise lost , disembowelment , winter , evoken , ... ) ... death metal continued ...  death metal continued ...  death metal ( besides the obvious : morbid angel , death , immolation , obituary , entombed , dismember , suffocation , autopsy , possessed , bolt thrower , nile and the ones i mentioned earlier ... ) ... black metal continued ...  black metal ( besides the obvious : bathory , emperor , burzum , darkthrone , enslaved , mayhem , ulver , beherit , ... ) ... thrash metal continued ...  thrash metal ( besides the obvious : slayer , sepultura , kreator , sodom , exodus , dark angel , ... )  ... traditional doom metal continued ...  traditional doom metal ( besides the obvious : pentagram , candlemass , saint vitus , witchfinder general , cathedral , trouble , reverend bizarre , ... ) ... heavy metal continued ...  here's some of my favourite bands of each kind of metal in no particular order . i didn't see a point in posting videos of the obvious well-known ones , but i mentioned the best among them just in ... at the gates were becoming melodic around with fear ... and slaughter of the soul is pretty much the quintessential melodeath album ( and funnily enough also the quintessential 21st century metalcore ... have you tried any death metal ? since you're a newbie , you probably need some adjustment before you can appreciate it fully , but anyway , here are my 5 favourite dm albums : demigod - slumber of ... there are two prog metal albums that are so far ahead of all the others that there's no point in looking any further : ... ibn khaldun - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia came across his name while searching for books to get me started in sociology . seems like a vastly underrated ( in the west at least ) great thinker . average contemporary thrash metal ; i don't like average and i usually don't like contemporary ( as in 21st century ) either .  '