' methos from the tv show ' highlander ' there can be no other . may 1982 . i'd not long turned 11 . i crushed one of my fingers in a fence , as a result of this had the top 2-3 mm of one finger torn off . a ' well meaning ' comment from dad ... i've not shed a tear for ... your quote ? it just jumped into my head . i'm good like that . i know things , you know . it's only a fail if you do not get up , brush yourself off , and start moving again . ;) peter wingfield was perfectly cast in that role . he deserved his own spin-off show . as an aside , men do nothing for me . but i can admire a good or even great physique without going all weak in the ... as methos is the one who does it for me i want to very much dislike this image , but i cannot . but hey , two teachers ... never a bad thing , right ? personally , i'd love to learn the quarterstaff ... for being so honest , i think i'll appoint you as my new ' personal hero ' . it's an awesome title / role / award / something to have been given from me . it is . honest . no one loves me . i'm just so damned unloveable . better yet , you don't even know me , so how can you love me ! ? we've never even met . so , a great big raspberry to you . :p supportive , a dreamer , values independencei am an explorerexplorers are naturally inquisitive people with a social side . they spend a lot of time in their mind investigating ideas . they tend to be ... in response : 5 : i know the physics of it all , but putting it all into practice ... 6 : mashed only , thanks . 9 : so do i . but dammit , the things i like ... i don't exactly have the bodyparts to wear ... dammit . i was so close ! ! ! it's always those little things ... name - christened name is in my cf profile name nicknames ? a couple - none of which i will be mentioning here . however , i also answer to the name that chose me ( jumped into my head when i was 8) . ... first ... my role of minion has already been filled . my cat owns me . and she will allow me to serve no other . second : you are not always right . my owner told me so . yes , she can talk . she even ... 1 ) my hearing is a hypersense . p . s . : it's bloody annoying at times . 2 ) i love apples ( especially a type known here in nz as ' pacific rose ' ) . but i cannot eat them ... :( 3 ) i had a breakdown ... hearing or seeing the following : - in no particular order ... instant classic hate with a passion and all those phrases of a similar nature . such as : each and every , first and foremost , every ... kinda hungry - which is about to be dealt with . plus , i'm kinda thirsty - i'd almost kill for a good strong beer , right now . one in particular - stonecutter - renaissance brewing company marlborough ... “ ... there ’ s this wonderful part in ‘ salem ’ s lot ; that deals with vampires , where the characters are talking about what ’ s going on . and in the course of the discussion they realize what a limiting ... i barely spoke to others in college ( nz equivalent to the us high school ) unless it was during a class activity . i was one of not-quite stereotypical loners - stay quiet , don't draw attention to ... ditto . i make sure i go when i know there will be very few if any others there . it also means no stuffing around , no distractions . these days my exercise routine consists of going to the gym - six ... ' one square meal ' ( cranberry ) . about 20 - odd minutes after a 25km mtn-bike ride . my first in almost 5 years . claps , stamps feet , shouts and screams . i'd like to say best advice ever ... this image is one of those that stick in your mind forever ... i loved that episode . hated it , too . i haven't , and i intend to keep it that way . edit : not for any ' religious ' reason / s or whatever but ( lots ) more due to the fact i do not have the ' bits ' ( female ) i want ( and was denied ) . made ... hmmm ... another 2-3 kg of weight . all of it muscle . a ' nice ' compact bod , or maybe a hot little bod that is svelte / lissome and compact . although , above that , i'd * really * love my ... i'm not really one for small talk , nor for living in the past . i'd find it torturous , to say the least . along with a waste of time and money . my youngest brother's ex was a touch under 4 ' 11 in her late 20s , and she was the tallest in her family . her father was 4 ' 8 and mother was 4 ' 6 . her 2 brothers were between mother's and father's ... my answer to ' power ' : it's not power that makes one dangerous , only intent . and , if you want to know what someone will do with more power , look and see what they do with the power they've already got . i have two - that would be combined into one most likely awesome package . douglas ramsey ( also known as cypher from the x-men ) and jamie madrox ( multiple man ) . combine the two of them , and ... ... so , october 17-19 this year the primary school i went to is celebrating its 150th birthday . which kinda boggles the mind a bit - seeing as this country of mine had its ' founding document ' ( the treaty ... sorry , to tell you this , but the ' invasion ' has been very poorly planned . and with rumours ( seemingly growing stronger by the day now ) of helen clark running for head of the un council ... you're ... st : tng - deanna's character . i do not like her one bit . at all . i want to reach through the tv screen and rip her throat out . x-men : my two biggest favourites are douglas ramsey ( cypher ) and jamie ... nz and the islands are downunder now ? ? i always thought / believed it was just aussie itself . when did it change ? several . but not country . metal : the ' heaviest ' would be epica , nightwish , lacuna coil . not really into what most would call metal . rap / hip-hop : a handful of eminem songs , but that about it . ... i * hate * it when people i'm out with steal my food that * i * paid for ! ! it has always annoyed me . even when i was little and other family members would do it to each others for laughs ... i was never ... ( shiny ) pink balloons .. so pretty . it's one of my favourite colours , you know . and that soft pink top . and the skirt ... i love that colour , too . i'd think i'd prefer some tight , figure hugging pants , ... one , i'm aware of the sarcasm . i enjoy a bit of it , myself . two ... i guess that means i'll just have to find myself an army of clones or something . and then sit back to enjoy the drama as it ... you do know that in even attempting toi run the world , you'll be dooming yourself to failure ? not to mention the oodles of stress from never knowing if you can trust your many ' advisors ' . the stress ... don't know , never thought about it . all depends on the game's genre , i would think . as for me , i * love * my racing games . gt4 , 5 , and now 6 of the ps3 with my trusty steering wheel , powersliding round ... other half : is something i really do not get that whole thing about another person ' completing ' us . all those choices we've made in our lives , and the consequences of those choices ( whether we are ... i'm torn ... i've never played the game but a demon hunter from diablo 3 . or methos from the highlander tv show . original , perhaps not , but hey . wonders about the episode of buffy where they all ... if i was something or anything else , i would not be me . i do not wish to be treated the way you do . i am not you , after all . by that same token , i will not treat you the way i wish to be treated . simply because you are not me . in short , i value being ... none of them . i'm not the type to believe in what the vast majority of people call soul mates . those same people put a hollywood spin on the whole concept . not for me . i'm a regular gym-goer ( 6 days a week ) , and when i had one , i went out on my mountain-bike 2 or three times a week . before all that , there was soccer ( until i was 19 , stopped playing when i was no ... i've had two dogs . one of the ran away from her previous ' owners ' after one too many times of abuse - came to us with cigarette burns on her belly , last couple of ribs were clearly visible , among ... i'd love to be another inch or two taller . i'm 5 ' 8 , but thanks to my first two years of life , i suspect my physical development was very severaly stunted . oh , and i would have killed to have a pair ... i seem to change my ' theme song ' depending on where i am at that specific moment while i'm thinking about what my theme song would / might be . right now - as i get ready to head off to the gym : ... give me hard driving rain and / or hail , lightning , thunder ... does things to me . storms ... * shudders and shivers , and then squirms uncomfortably in her seat * could not care less about something like hair length / colour . nor the colour of her eyes . for me , what i hear in the voice has to match what i see in the eyes . doesn't matter how ' hot ' she may be ... i love it . but only when it comes to : the health / fitness lifestyle , my beloved lingerie , and the slowly but steadily growing library of books and dvds . grocery shopping and the like : no . just ... '