' two extraverts sitting together close to me in the bookstore loudly telling each other their entire life story ! ! ! i honestly do not need to hear about your family life as a child or all your past ... i have a playlist on my ipod for when i get angry ( too much interaction with my esfj stepfather , any interaction with him when i'm sick / tired / in pain / already annoyed , thinking about how i wasted 3 ... i sent that to my istj best friend figuring she would say something like you only described one type but hoping she'd get it before messaging me back . i thought her reaction was amusing . me : ... animated cartoon : uhm ... i don't believe i have one anime : death note was the last i watched ( and the last i really liked ) live action show : stargate atlantis , doctor who , house , how i met your ... i haven't been on facebook in about 2 months . the only reason i haven't deleted my account for a fourth time is because that means i would actually have to log back onto facebook and i really don't ... your ringtone for unknown / unsaved numbers on your phone is someone screaming ahhh ! ahhh ! nooo ! because that's what you do inside your head whenever someone you don't know calls you . that's actually on my thinkgeek wishlist . : happy : my knowledge of the royal wedding before reading this thread this morning was that there was a wedding happening at some point in the uk . i didn't know it happened yesterday and i forgot prince ... i am currently majoring in biology with a concentration in biotechnology and minoring in anthropology and computer science . not sure if i'll be able to stay with it though since i pretty much screwed ... your friends beg you to go to prom because it's an important high school experience and you go only so they'll shut up about it . i wish i just put up with them begging , prom sucked and it was just ... haha , that reminds me of what i did to get help from my high school chemistry teacher . it's well known in the school that the teacher i had possessed a soft spot for girls , especially girls wearing ... i like high school because it got me out of the house and away from my overbearing esfj stepfather . what more could i ask for ? high school gave me a place to relax . i joined the school's japanese ... sj : [ istj ] observations about the mo within the istj forum sp : [ estp ] emotional vulnerability nt : [ intp ] what are you listening to right now ? nf : [ infj ] signs an infj male likes you i don't need to know anything about the outside world or people because i am an intp . why would i bother trying to remember the name of my lab partner ? i'll only talk to him once a week in lab , ... omg ... that made my day ... and possibly the rest of my week . this amused me as well . that's exactly what my isfj roommate does ! she actually has a reputation in the dorm for being a complainer . i found out a few weeks ago that she honestly did not think that she complained . her : ... i don't either ... i finish my 3rd year of college in 3 weeks . do you wear a lot of makeup ? i wear eyeshadow & lip gloss / stain . if i'm really bored while getting ready then i'll pull out the powder , blush , & mascara . do you spend a lot of time on your hair ... 1 . unintentionally walked into something ? wall , doorway , pole ? i don't remember ... but i almost walked into a pillar three days ago . 2 . watched tv for over four hours straight ? watched tv ? ... i don't read tabloids . the closest i've come to reading a tabloid was me holding one open and spacing out while looking at the page so i would not have to engage in small talk with my hair stylist ... your aspie score : 167 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 44 of 200 you are very likely an aspie ... my entj stepsister and i get extremely annoyed when her esfj father does that . we point out that the poor dead horse he is beating is no longer even a horse and he starts raising his voice saying ... i'm 20 and i generally call my mom ' mom ' and every now and then i'll call her ' mommy ' . i think ratio that i call her that is 3:1 . i don't remember if i ever called my dad ' daddy ' ( he died when i was ... i'm more of a cat person than a dog person . i spent my entire 4th grade reading every book and magazine on cats in multiple bookstores to prove to my mom that i would be able to take care of one . we ... that's how my best friend and i talk on im all the time ! on top of this we will have several other conversations and writing stories on different messaging systems . as one whose secondary function is ne i'll give it a try . not sure how helpful you might find it though since it's just what would work with me and a quick attempt to explain why . i also took into ... good gifts for me ... gift cards to bookstores anything somehow relating to one of my interests ( example : a bracelet with a star / moon / sun / planet charm for my interest in astronomy , a necklace ... what is your myers briggs type ? intp based on what i've read : which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? intp , intj , entp which are the myers briggs types you are least ... omg my esfj stepfather tells me all the time that i will make a wonderful wife to some guy one day , that i will enjoy being married , that i will like children and i will be a wonderful mother . if i ... it's a reference to my favorite main character from the show stargate : atlantis ( one of my favorite shows ) . in one of the first episode rodney mckay mentions how it's terrible that the expedition is ... from senior year three years ago . i'm the second from the left . i just realized that i'm the only one not looking at the camera . ... when certain people confuse you because they are not doing things in a logical manner ... then realize that the people in question are feeling types . when the internet connection goes down without warning . if my friends and i are involved in a car accident the first words out of your mouth should be an inquiry about our health and the car ... in restaurants and about half the time at my desk i sit cross legged . otherwise i will have one leg underneath me or propped on something . if i sit with both feet on the ground for more than a minute ... when i give blood i don't even think about the fact that by doing so i will help save lives . i remember it in passing a few hours or days before and after but it doesn't affect my decision to give ... i had something like this happen to me only the guy impersonating me just sat there staring straight ahead and trying to make himself invisible . my personality : intp favorite roommate : esxp because she was never around . i think she only slept in the room 2 or 3 times . spouse : n / a best friend : istj i will go silent and if i have to speak then it's in a colder , more controlled tone . if someone really pisses me off then i have been known to make a shrieking noise and then start yelling . i think ... being laughed and pointed at and called a liar ... for 10 minutes . yes , my dear little isfj roommate , i realize now that i forgot one small detail in an interview for a friend's class . it was ... in high school it would normally take me 1-2 hours to fall asleep while listening to music as ideas bounced around my mind . if i did not listen to music it would take 2-4 hours because the noises ... at the beginning of august my best friend and i walked into a hobby lobby and saw that christmas had thrown up on that corner of the store . that is what i call too early . even my best friend objected ... omg guyz ! so i don't know you and you don't know me but guess what ? ! you are all beautiful and i want you all to have a wonderful day ! ! * sees a child * what a beautiful child ! how old are you ? what do ... * nervously peeks in * cuddles ? i would not normally do this but i like infps so i'll join in . : happy : well i probably suppress the worst ones but here are the first that come to mind . someone who wants to start a conversation / is trying to be polite : hey , how are you ? me : uh - * eyes widen slightly ... 1 ) 40 living at home in their parents basement . 20 years old living in a college dorm . i can not wait for the day that i have my own place . 2 . ) 40 year old virgin 20 year old virgin , thank you ... do you know any ? yes , i do . one is my grandmother and the other is my best friend . do you get along with them ? my best friend and i have been friends for the past 10 years so i would say i get ... personal ~ name - what do you prefer to be called ? i am not fond of my first name so you can just call me tash . male / female / trans ? female location - where were you originally born ? where ... '