' first rule of the internet i learnt : keep your personal life and internet life separate . so its a no from me . lilxpie there doesn't seem to be a problem ? the both of you seem content with fantasies and daydreams - and neither of you seem ready to take the relationship to the next level . its alright to ... if i was an nf , i'd be a particularly haywire one haha . my temper and sensitivity towards perceived slights has been my downfall since my youth , so i doubt that f is dominant in any way within me . there is no where better than this forum to be honest . i find the posts by liquidlight particularly useful . if you can find it , jung's book on psychological types is also a good place to start ... i did wonder which description an enfp would relate to more , but i guess the divide between ne / si and se / ni is greater than a shuffled function stack haha . i totally agree with the calming ... i have an infp bestie , and an esfp friend , so i'll be glad to talk , if it helps . with my infp friend , i often feel gentled and subdued , trusting in his thoughts and his certainty - i put down my ... the mechanic is simply a title conferred upon us by the mbti system - an easy description of the aggregate of characteristics that we share not some destiny that we must live up to . it is the ... cosmicyeti we use fe actually , fi runs in an alien fashion to the ti-fe pair , so its not that we're less flexible , we're just not made for the sort of thinking you're asking us to do . what we can ... couldn't you add him on facebook ? you can find him through mutual friends can't you ? ambushing him at his house based on a moment's fancy is a move that would probably work only in movies . have ... being an istp simply means that in most situations , we prefer to utilize introverted thinking ( to make a reasonable decision ) coupled with extraverted sensing ( based on what we can observe ... what pattern are you trying to find exactly ? you seem to be creating a lot of threads to answer some question that you can't seem to define , and can't seem to find an answer for . are you trying to ... you can't ask others to define your purpose in life for you . your future is a knot that only you can unravel , because ultimately , you are the one tied to it , for better or worst . it sounds like ... lol if we were to follow the stereotypes set i should be an infp rather than a istp . after all illustration and design aren't exactly interests that istps are stereotyped to have . i do relate to ... in that you approach it with an element of curiosity and interest - you don't seem to just be cataloguing or stating facts , but you're decorating and illuminating your thoughts with visual ... i think it has more to do with our genetic make-up and how our body reacts to alcohol than anything related to a personality type . if i had a good night's sleep , i'm jolly when tipsy . if i didn't ... to an extent . they may probably see something along the lines of that coca cola advert with a whole colony of tiny gnome people working hard to keep the fridge running . but who knows really , everyone ... lol . i don't look at my fridge . i smell it . nothing tells you about the state of a fridge ( and the food in it ) better than the way it smells . i don't think about my fridge , i feel it , i smell it , i ... intuition doesn't exactly mean plucking out of thin air y'know . abstractions can only be abstracted if there is something concrete to draw it from . even while high - you still need to see and touch , ... i would think that se / fe manifests strongly in social situations simply because its how you extravert yourself to others . ti / ni forms your internal core of ideas while se / fe retrieves and sends ... ... istps think in paragraphs too . or to elaborate , there are istps that think in paragraphs and istps that talk in sentences . just as there are intps that think in sentences and intps that ... why do i torture myself with art styles i have no patience for ? :| a blog to remind myself to get off my lazy ass and draw stuff . ... ... what ? when did i say anything like that ? ? ? : confused : and ... fyi its not that i don't think they're istps or that anyone who agrees with them isn't an istp either . i specifically used are ... 10/10 . i chuckled . ... i don't know ? to propel someone else into a lengthy monologue that may or may not be relevant to the actual point quoted ? narcissism . do you really crave attention that badly ? ... are we really that predisposed to cynicism and bitterness ? : i find that simply not responding to annoying topics works well enough as a method of disagreement without having to spread my ... ... is he a married man ? if he is , then i think you should step away and leave him be . but if he isn't , and the both of you would soon be leaving this social situation / power dynamic anyway , ... in that context i'd agree with you . but well , the post you've quoted jumbles up te-users ( extj ~ ixtj ~ exfp ~ ixfp ) and extroverted thinkers ( extj ~ extp ) , who operate in very different ways ... rhibecka i'd admit to preferring the progress to the end result . because i often have an idealized vision of my end result and i'm damned if i'm going to settle for anything less than that . though ... depends on what you mean by deep . i do not do well with circular logic or an endless parade of questions . i'm allergic to what-if scenarios unless there is some use to be gained out of delving into ... you know ... if you were going to raise this thread from the dead , the least you could do is to own it . seriously , you have dem 0lish as your handle , what is this small text shit . haha it wasn't that much of a pain . character strength # 1curiosity you are curious about everything . you are always asking questions , and you find all subjects and topics fascinating . you like ... but isn't pain subjective to the person ? despite it being a physical sensation - people react to pain differently . people with sadomasochistic tendencies process pain and the ... i personally think pain tolerance is connected to se . though the unwillingness to express pain may be connected to inferior fe . as a kid i rarely cried when i fell down or had some scrapes - ... yeah , that leans more towards ni patterning than se perceiving . when i'm using this mode of thinking i feel like i need to keep reminding myself slow down , stop jumping to conclusions , lets wait ... uh ... how is this possible ? we share only our perceiving functions - and its not even in the same order . besides , i'm always skeptical of those who tout their function preference as percentages ... sounds like an interesting project . you should also consider the age of your protagonists in terms of their function mastery / usage . a estj in their early teens would probably be a lot more fixated ... i would beg to differ . se isn't so much about instant gratification or lack or motivation , but the ability to live in the moment and give no fucks about what happens in the past or future . it isn't ... i take issue with his vagueness , because his system was made to be applied - and you can't apply things that you can't understand . haha , well my ideas of power vs control are kinda subjective ... i bought it :( couldn't find a full version online . i've read somewhere that jung self-identified as infj in one of his books . not 100 % sure about his type , but he certainly doesn't seem to favor se ... itsme 45 i was venting , nothing personal . just a nnuuurrrggghhh ! ! ! moment . i get like that sometimes but it is more a problem with me than with you . wouldn't say ni / fe though . this is the ... : o ... i don't think the enfp is the issue here . as for your schizophrenia , unfortunately i have no answers for you , because that lies outside of what mbti was made for . you should perhaps ... my frustration is only in regards to method of questioning itsme 45 is using . nothing personal or debilitating . : e ... why would you think that ? ... i wanted to mention that the reason why a person prefers a chosen activity trumps what the activity actually consists of . but i was too lazy to edit my post . an extrovert could very well prefer a ... the problem with this is that being se-aux also means that we get charged up from being in physically stimulating or exciting situations . doesn't necessarily mean that we prefer it over the other , ... lol i enjoy fe too ( one reason why i went into mbti / jung , to be able to connect and understand others better - a throughly fe aim ) . i just don't trust it . it happens at a subconscious level ... judging functions are always influenced and informed by perceiving functions . before a person makes a judgement they need to take stock of a situation , and different perceiving functions prioritize ... :| the i and e is simply a matter of preference . which venue do you prefer , which activity do you find more rewarding ? the difference between istp and estp is another thing entirely . '