' the last person i had a crush on is the one other infj i know . it's probably the only palpable connection i've ever had with a love interest , but i'm moving miles and miles away this weekend , so i'm ... i'm an infj and i got intp . probably largely because i chose all the inferior fe choices , as lack of contextual manners and warmth bother me , but i'm actually much more tolerant of inferior fe than , ... infj ( kind of ) here . i'll weigh in with my own perspective and share my experiences . as far as flirting goes , i never initiate it but can carry it out well enough if i'm interested in someone ... i was always a very shy and quiet child ; i almost never spoke to anyone , though i wanted very much to meet others . the shyness eventually turned into social anxiety and related issues , and i've ... i'm surprised that so many people are saying infj . i've been told that i'm hard to read , at least hard to understand motive-wise , but my emotions definitely spell themselves out in my bodily ... definitely fj . i loosely identify as an infj , but i recently discovered that mbti isn't designed for people with personality disorders , and it isn't likely to work for us , which could explain why ... your dad seems like an intj to me . my own dominant ni makes me very much a doer , though the inferior se of inxj types can lead us to carelessness in our work environments . i would say istj , but i ... my dad is an istp and my mom is an enfp . there was a huge initial attraction , of course , as they made the decision to have 2 kids together , but they essentially just don't work together . they broke ... fox mulder from the x-files is definitely an intp . fox mulder from the x-files : will graham from hannibal : ... i don't know if i think it's possible to find a consistently accurate method for grouping people by personality . motivations , learning styles , things along those lines : absolutely , but there's too ... if you want to settle on a type , i'd definitely say infj . she reminds me of myself , but man , you got off easy with the cheating thing . lol . entp and enfj , hands down . though i generally have issues with particularly insensitive entps . i never get jealous of accomplishments , as that's the sort of thing that's worked hard for . if i didn't get that achievement and i want it , i need to work harder . but i do get jealous of people who ... as other infjs have said , allow me time to formulate a succinct response . reading my mind is a great way to go about things , too . ;) don't be inappropriate . crudeness is fine if a little ... ones ( i don't intimately know any other than myself , so this might be off ; just let me know ): - when on their own , will appear very confident , perhaps to the point of being perceived as snobbish , ... her whole persona seems very contrived ( i know people are gonna get mad at me for that D: sorry ) , like she's playing a character even when she's not on the big screen , so i'm gonna go with esfp . a ... dominant and auxiliary fe users might tend to become especially emotionally involved with and attached to people , so i think that if any rule were to be made on the subject , it'd be ixfj and exfj . i ... infj , 5/10 all the popularity i had came from an awful reputation as the result of a series of very poor decisions made my sophomore year , though . lol . all my friends were dropouts and graduates . i would type someone , but i've already looked through all of them and checked actual types . ; - ; i'll type the person after me . had no clue what to say and didn't want to sound totally unconfident , ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? infj . 2 ) what is your gender ? female . 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entjs and enfjs for their leadership skills . entjs especially for ... i want to make the world a better place for those who survive and are born after me , no matter in how minor a way . haven't done that yet . i want to experience something that makes me feel like i ... hahahaha . i know a pretty cool isfj myself but haven't met any esfjs i worked with , so i know what you mean . she does sound like an isfj or esfj to me . the homebody trait is pretty typical of si ... i have a lot of forbidden sex dreams and , honestly , forbidden scenarios in general . things that i can't go back to in real life . my subconscious is the only thing about me that seems to focus on ... sodaude : i can actually understand that . i myself would apologize because — not to sound stereotypically infj , ha — the emotional environment is too important to me not to , but i know what you mean ... eh . i know an entp who is at least apologetic when he hurts someone's feelings . empathy isn't his strong suit , but he does like people and actually cares about some of them , so he tries not to be an ... yes ! i'm very gesticular . my face and body change with my emotions . my infp friends always seem sort of deadpan . pretty sure i have a huge thing for entx . i've never met an entj in person , but they sound great , and all of my major crushes have been on entps . i find them interesting , intellectually-minded ( which ... tons of this is presumptuous and is definitely off-the-mark , at least personally . i am zealous , but not at all driven by anger . my desire to perfect others ( and myself — as dalton said , a sexual one ... i'm obsessed with organization , but my methods of it are far from consistent . i'm constantly refining my idea of what's the best organizational method , so while taking notes , for example , i'll do a ... i have noticed that my infp friends don't care about getting people to see things the way they do , whereas i might tend to rally people up , try to get them to care about something ... this is ... jinsei he was going to be one of mine . ^ . ^ aside from will graham , i relate to remus lupin and daenerys targaryen . i have daenerys typed as an enfj , but our natures are still similar . i'm pretty ... why are you putting guidelines in quotes ? you gave guidelines of what , in this case , fucked up means . i wasn't being a dick . on a forum that's probably mostly populated by teenagers and young ... you're an entj , it looks like . : ~ ) personality types are actually based on functions rather than those e / i , s / n , f / t , and j / p dichotomies . there is some truth to them , but the truth isn't inherent . entps ' functional stack is ... i have a hard time seeing fucked up as anything other than something serious . trauma , abuse , drug addiction , etc . lacking direction or living in a state of confusion isn't really fucked up , and ... oswin isfj ! that's how i've always looked at it , but people get so extreme , and i'm just kind of like , okay , okay ... you win . lol . i have looked into cognitive functions , and i've always been pretty positive ... i don't think that's synesthesia . : - o i mean ... maybe ? i don't have that form of it , so i wouldn't know for sure , but i do know it's relatively common to experience physical reactions to certain ... i've dated two estps and my dad is an istp , so i guess i can weigh in on this . regarding estps : the impulsiveness is kind of a drag . they do whatever they want to at the time , and with both of the ... i think this sort of glorification , self-glorification , specifically , is useless and harmful . the outside world is , i'm sure , a profound experience to a sensor , just as the exploration of thoughts ... i dropped out of school when i was 16 , mostly due to problems with my mental health . i'm glad to see that that's not necessarily an uncommon thing on here ; i normally get nervous about mentioning it ... i'm 4 ' 11 and have dated a couple really short guys ( 5 ' 2 and 5 ' 4 ) . because of my own size , i don't really care . 5 ' 7 is plenty tall enough ! i'm sure lots of girls agree with me . word . in that case , they sound like my favorite kind of person . : ~ ) haaa . it's really strange that i appear to be a cut-and-dry infj ! i wouldn't have guessed . everyone convinced me a couple months ago that i was too emotional to be one ( i'm thinking people might just ... what do you find baffling about ixfjs ? i'm curious . i don't actually know any entjs , so i have to go with those guys . i can't imagine how they'd be in person : horribly intimidating ? scary ? mean ? ... definitely . the funny thing is that our inferior function is se , so i can see how we would actually have very messy spaces more often than we do tidy spaces . personally , i care about organization and ... i just made a thread in the mbti typing subforum , got a couple responses , and am now making this thread . i've always identified as a 4 , at first a 4w5 and then a 4w3 , but i'm thinking it's possible ... that sounds like a pretty reliable team to me ! why the apology ? '