' wow , didnt even seen those extra pix you put up . you seem a good natured person , you look like you keep your thoughts to yourself and are fairly closed . you do not like to draw attention to yourself and keep hidden in a crowd . in fact you dont ... i enjoy my own company :-) i have one or two close friends and that is it , i prefer it that way and would rather have one good friend than heaps of superficial friends . also , i can connect with ... hi there :-) i am a nurse and a midwife and i love it . i have always wanted to do nursing and midwifery ever since i was knee high to a grasshopper . it was in my heart and soul but i went from ... i have to say , people have noted to me how calm and gentle i am when i am with people , especially in my line of work . they find me easy to talk to , my fiance has actually rescued me from strangers ... i just love travelling - especially with my partner , he and i make awesome travel companions as well as anything else . just going to see new places and experience new things and cultures - other ... awesome post thank you :-) 1 . do you sleep deeply or lightly ? do you fall asleep easily or does it take a while ? i love to read a little before falling asleep , er , trouble is , if i am reading a ... i read the online papers and it depends on what article catches my eye first :-) don't read the sports section tho , too boring lol'z but yes , i tend to flick through and that may not necessarily be ... i agree , you want out and she is using kinda , its like both of you are trying to convince the other and lying to yourselves . she told you about her dream , which means that maybe , like you , you do ... i have to admit that i do not miss the grey skies of england :-) i moved to new zealand a few years ago and fell in love with the country and its peoples . i am going back there at the end of april ... i looovvveee books , can't get enough of them ... dang , just discovered mathew reilly and have finished reading the six sacred stones ... so exciting that i read it from cover to cover ... i have to admit that i wasn't one of the in-crowd and was very much a loner , having one or two good friends . although it hurt at the time because i wanted to be in a popular crowd and i was excluded ... i have never lived in a city :-) i was born in a small town in england and now live in rural new zealand , well on the outskirts of a small town . i am not a great one for cities , too many people , ... boo , that sux and i am sorry you feel down . sometimes on the rare occasions that i feel down , i listen to the voice of my inner-self and , i guess its like that part of you that tries to make you ... even as a young child i was always ' older ' than my years emotionally and spiritually - back then i seemed ' grown-up ' , it was like i had this inner knowing and very little would phase me . now i am ... my living room at the moment is er , what i would call organised clutter . doing my uni work with papers in piles , my mum would call it clutter but i know what my little piles of paper contains even ... purple [ / size ] and lilac i tried to find him on the christian cross , but he was not there . i went to the temple of the hindus and to the old pagodas but could not find a trace of him anywhere . i searched on the mountains ... sometimes , for me , the world just seems so surreal . like i am watching a movie as a bystander ... when i am meditating in my room , i can almost see the walls undulate , like the fabric of time being ... : happy : thank you ... i love them too . although i should say that i love any song , any band , any book and any movie ... that moves me and ignites my heart and my soul . ah , i think i know within the first 5 minutes of meeting someone if they are the one ... yet that may count with all the personality types , not strictly infp . i usually go by intuition and i have ... nfp what are your top 5 songs , top 5 bands , top 5 movies and top 5 books ? top 5 bands 1 . enigma 2 . sigur ros 3 . enya 4 . neil diamond 5 . chemical brothers i rarely get angry , thank goodness . i used to , in childhood and early teens , only then it was because of frustration that i was not being heard nor understood . now , if i find myself getting angry , ... i just absolutely love katz :-) i love the way they are just sooo independent , then they kinda like to nuzzle up and have some yummy attention , man , do they know how to get it and then , either ... hellz yeah ! my memory isnt terribly good ... err , can be quite embarrassing when someone comes up to me and says hello and starts talking and i am smiling away desperately trying to remember who ... i think it was mandela who said , when asked what is the most important thing in the world it is people , it is people , it is people :-) the most valuable thing , for me is understanding and ... i have concentrated mainly on a professional career but i have dabbled in painting and i have been told that i am pretty good . i prefer fantasy / spiritual art and i guess if i worked on it and ... i do not like having my picture taken either , i feel very self-conscious about it . i feel like one of those tribes people who feel that taking a picture is like capturing part of the essence / soul of ... if i see someone i recognise and i am with someone i say ah , i know that face , that's so and so ... however , unless the person i recognise sees and acknowledges me , i would not say anything . i ... ah , birthdays have no meaning for me , i am not too worried about them and dont get hung over on them . time is an illusion anyway . i much prefer to give than receive and get more pleasure from it . ... i have a lot of vivid dreams and out of body experiences . i usually keep a dream diary , err , that is , when i remember to write them in :-) good question :-) when i was very young , i wanted to be a princess : laughing : so i could live happily ever after and do things that princesses do . but i always wanted to be a nurse and midwife as ... err , i have to admit that maths and science were not my favourite subjects at school , english language and literature were but i know enough to calculate drug dosages lol'z . : laughing : i have been overworked to the point of almost burnout and had to make a hard decision to either continue until i burned out or , make the decision to take time out in work that i love doing very much ... infp just curious - what're your preferences in bed ... ? whats the x96 ehm x96 kinkiest you'd consider doing ? ever just lose it and pounce on the one you love ? what's the craziest thing you're ... lol . there is nothing wrong with showing emotions . i also think its a gender thing . men have been brought up to be a man and men don't show their emotions or cry because , to do so is a sign of ... if i were to sum myself up in five words they would be : kind , compassionate , empathic , loving and giving others , who i am very close to say the same things about me . : happy : [ quote = call me ishmael ; 204829 ] please call me ishmael . according to the myers-briggs i am an infp . i would love to talk with you , because i do have i problem nobody understands and i hope you do . i ... very interesting thread . having been baptised a s a catholic and raised with hell , fire and damnation and dang , why are churches always so effin cold ? it was certainly not a religion that ... i enjoyed reading the vampire chronicles as well : happy : err , ok , i have to admit i enjoyed reading the romance books too , lol'z but , they have to have a happy ending . i love books that resonate ... i am a nurse and midwife and love every single moment of it : happy : i had gone from job to job getting bored and feeling unfulfilled . i guess it because i have always wanted to do what i am doing ... very good post and reply , thank you :-) i too have often wanted to be more of a thinker probably more in the academic sense of the word because , as i often tell my uni supervisor that i am a right ... definitely , spend most of my life zoning out and practically out of body . not because of rudeness to others around me , but because that is just me :-) most of my time in school was being told not to ... that is very true . i can take a compliment easier if it is directed to the whole team and not just me . ok , i may have found the problem and initiated the alert but the resolving of it involved the ... this is from the dalai lama :-) no matter what religion we may be or not be , our own heart is our temple . x93this is my simple religion . there is no need for temples ; no need for complicated ... thank you all so much . ah , the flag of st george : happy : good to see , err , not that its bad seeing any other flag , just i can relate to that flag ... probably wouldn't be able to live back there ... carlos castenada , i discovered in my adulthood and the use of peyote fascinated me because it took the person to the realms of psyche.although i would not consider the using mind altering drugs , not ... my pleasure :-) i love this one too , although it is not a quotation but a poem by rumi jelaluddin . because god / higherself / higher conscious / the divine / intuition , whatever it is called , resides in ... captain underpants ? sounds like a kewl book : laughing : i loved the robin hood story too , taking from the rich and giving to the poor . dang , dont know how to put an image up here . this is one of my favourites by gandhi ... you must be the change you want to see in the world . i guess that is very true , in order to affect change in the world , that change must be ... '