' sooo just wondering if any of you lovely ladies find yourself using men's products ? i cannot go a single day without my old spice and bath & body works for men lotion . hahah .. well i like biting :) yeah , i think i am sure that i definitely use ti now . i have been trying to figure all this out for days wondering if i was really an entp because i was completely in ... yeah , i must have a strong fe ability as well . i always thought i leaned towards enfp because i followed the stereotype that all thinkers are generally cold and less friendly . but now , i know that is ... thank you for all the help , dear . yes , even when i thought i was an enfp , i was quite aware that i used ne all the time . my preference for intuition is 100 % . sometimes i envy sensors . as an entp do ... i definitely enjoy analyzing and learning more . my family tells me i have insatiable curiosity . conflicting ideas is the best way to describe it . i would say that i do things that make sense to me . i ... oh my . well thanks for the help . i have switched from an enfj ( which was completely wrong ) to enfp and now entp . do you believe it is possible to change from a feeling to a thinking type as one ... i am comfortable talking about emotions but there is no way in hell i would ever keep my mouth shut to preserve harmony . this is extremely helpful . thank you , because i now realize that i certainly prefer ti to fi . i think what is in my heart often changes . i think i use fi and i can understand feelers , but i don't ... i enjoy debates as well . as long as they are not with stupid people.perhaps i really am more of an entp . i think i tend to go for more spicy or woodsy perfumes . i sometimes wear angel by thierry mugler . but my absolute favorite is midnight poison by christian dior :) do you guys think most enfps avoid confrontation ? especially in comparison to the more argumentative entps ? that is the perfect way to put it . that is exactly how i feel . but i believe i can ignore inauthenticity more than inefficiency . hahah . most certainly , world domination . thank you all :) i was also reading some info about the auxiliary functions of both entps and enfps . since they are ti and fi . i read that they are both subjective but ti is more about logical ... would all of you just give me some characteristics of an entp , please ? i am desperate to know what my type really is . i tested as entp twice , but my preference for thinking is low , so i often act ... dooo it ! ! just don't expect a long term relationship or ongoing sex or commitment or feelings . it could happen but i wouldn't set the bar too high . if you think it is worth it then there is nothing ... i mostly talk to older people & authority figures in the same manner that i would with most others . i think thats part of the charm . they are semi-baffled by how comfortable i am talking to them and ... oh yeah , if you lose interest in me , i will immediately lose interest in you . no matter what.if you are referring to your own partner in your question , i don't think there is an equivalency between ... yes ! ! sadly , i can rarely tell ! even if i can tell , i feel like i always need frequent reassurance . its odd because i am usually perceptive to people's behaviors and can often be flirtatious with others ... math is definitely not for me ! ughhh , just the thought makes my blood curdle . haha , not really but i don't easily understand math . it takes a lot of effort and memorizing for me to do well in it . i ... i love whoever i can love . i really really love those that i trust or enjoy being around . i just don't make it a point to love everyone or be incredibly outgoing and have an astronomical number of ... i enjoy keep my things organized .. so i guess i am not stereotypically messy or all over the place . that i am just oozing out glee all the time . i can very well be serious . i am pretty ... jeans and a t-shirt that reads gotham city police department :-) that is awesome ! i want to get my mba eventually for finance , though . how many years did you work before getting your mba ? haha yeah im is the best . aww : ( maybe try to get into public relations ? lol i am just asking him out to eat ; i'm not trying to marry the guy . interesting . i feel like i can relate to that . many people have told me similar things like they think i am really intimidating because i look so sure of myself and they feel like i can see right ... just wondering if all you enfps get along with everyone or open up to strangers easily ? i know enfps are supposed to be socially adroit and generally likeable but i have sometimes been told that i ... 1 . i don't have one . 2 . obviously , he knows my age .. i wouldn't be so foolish as to use a fake id anyway . 3 . out of curiosity , why do you seem to believe that this unquestionably doomed ? i get that ... i don't believe i have ever been ignored by anyone.oh , the perks of being an enfp . but , if i was ignored by someone i knew , i would try to talk it out if the person was worth it . or i would pretty ... this varies a bit ! if i have been consistently spending a lot of time with people for extended periods / and going to a lot of parties and events it may take me couple days of shunning the world to ... would someone be so kind as to give me some theories or specific occurances / examples that would determine which one i am ? i feel like i have balance of both and sometimes i test as entp sometimes , ... i was going to say panther . ahhh maybe i am actually an entp : / good ! ! i hope he is willing to take it a step further . hmm , how old are you ? you never know , we may go on a date sometime too ; ) yes , i am interested in all the possibilities .. i don't have a singular idea of the type of relationship i want with him ... i didn't know about the age gap there , that would be creepy . do you watch the show house by chance ? no seriously , it's fun to have crushes but i hope this is all it leads to . i'm sure he'd be ... yes , i understand . the age difference has been the source of much trepidation for both of us i believe . well we are not a couple by any means . i think we just keep spinning in this vortex of ... hahahaha , you are hilarious . i hope that is his reaction too . will do ! thank you , darling :-) yes , the age difference has been the cause of much confusion for me . i still feel like there is a chance because everyone agreed that his actions show affection and attraction towards me and i also ... true . i will give it a shot ! i am guessing that i will potentially have to iniate the hang out later as well . haha yeah that may very well be , but i need someone who doesn't feel like they have to give me attention all the time . i actually hate when men are like that so it is one of the reasons i like him so much ... @ intj the dc yeah that may very well be , but i need someone who doesn't feel like they have to give me attention all the time . i actually hate when men are like that so it is one of the reasons i ... how do intjs like being asked out ? anything particular ? i considered messaging him sometime and asking if we would like to go out to lunch next week ? [ / quote ] i'd love that . i'd find it amazing ... that is interesting . i am not sure i entirely agree with you just because there is more to all of this and i don't think it make sense to condense a person's romantic style into a single category . yes , i am trying to make things happen quickly . no , i am not an infantile .. nor do i want him to take care of me because i am younger .. i am very independent and so is he . he has been very clear ... you didn't have to read it and reply if it gives you a headache . the only reason i am being so dubious is because he has never been vocal about what he thinks of my personality or wanting to go out ... haha .. yes , it always seems like he is deciphering a puzzle when he looks at me . how come touch is such a huge factor for intjs ? it seems like i touch people i don't flirt with too but from everything ... thanks for all the responses ! i hope that this him flirting then because i used to think he only treated me special because i am a lot younger than him and feels some inherent need to take care of ... '