' yes we aren't that nice . if someone doesn't seem to take the cues to stop talking incessantly unless they are actually sharing some interesting information or interacting , i just tune out . or i will ... this thread is fascinating to me for several reasons . firstly , the field of psychology is most likely going to be be eclipsed and possibly usurped by advances in neuroscience and the nebulous ... it looks like you are thinking of either a ) running away b ) becoming a dancer or c ) hanging a picture . maybe ... all three * mind blown * . facebook is about as thought provoking as watching paint dry , and is definitely the realm of ps and extroverts . every time i go out with a friend she's posting selfies to facebook with our location ... i've never felt compelled to be like other people , so i've never really idealized anyone else's life or personality . it doesn't really occur to me . what i do find myself experiencing is admiration ... i used to isolate myself , but not so much anymore . i might drift away to process my crappy feelings , but i've gotten much better at realizing that other peoples behavior is not my fault and not ... that's never true , no matter how much you think it is . the people who really care far outnumber what you give credit for when you are feeling down . running , several days a week 3-4 miles , swimming , hiking and kayaking when it's nice . yoga , when i remember to go ... :) probably as quickly as any other type of person who takes their friendships very seriously and connects with people on a deep level . you can self-study any language , but the key is reinforcing what you learn from books by hearing the language spoken . you should choose a combination of methods . the grammar is necessary to ... true detective ( despite the cheesy sounding name this was a heady , atmospheric , moody , existential mystery series ) vikings ( this is a little gratuitous at times , but still good ) the tudors once ... it's a trap ! leave before the entps eat your brain ( literally and figuratively ) . on the infj forum no less - very tricky ... is anyone else a little weirded out by how quickly they whipped out ... this sounds amazing ! ! i wonder if that quote below was inspired by the true life event of the vatican giving the capybara the status of a fish so venezuelans could consume it during lent . ( note : a ... i usually do my best to restore karmic balance , even if it's someone i don't like or respect . if i've acted in a way that i don't feel was completely fair , i . e . losing my temper or being overly harsh ... you've just blown the theory that we are heartless bastards who never smile . :) ( as if our liberal use of emoticons didn't already suggest this was false ) :) game of thrones makes me feel so mean ! grrr * shakes fist * posts cannot be edited after 24 hours . they become permanent . i know it's a little unnerving but it's a good picture :) you look like an intj , serious and intent , but curious . i think intjs are notoriously succinct when it comes to expressing : annoyance , bitterness , dry wit , anger and resignation . it's probably because there is little emotional investment or vulnerability ... i think if you have the resources , and are so unhappy , you should homeschool . otherwise you should probably just let the teachers do their jobs , because it is after all ... public school . when you say ... am i the only intj who is rather apathetic towards the news ? i think i have issues determining relevance , but somehow find it relevant to spend time reading bs i'm interested in on wikipedia ? i'm ... what , if some day or night a demon were to steal after you into your loneliest loneliness and say to you : ' this life as you now live it and have lived it , you will have to live once more and ... ' s avatar :D it's too cute and it makes me smile every time i see it ! your eyes are blue , and i'm o + . this thread was just unusual enough to respond to it . 105970 i would agree with all of this except for crime : why not use the field of neuroscience , hopefully funded to a great degree by a portion of your 5 % of the gdp , to study the underlying causes of ... i found it on pinterest ;) i'm not sure who he is specifically . this could a response to resting bitchface - i used to have that problem , now i consciously monitor / adjust the bitchface . i think anyone's instinct is to ask for more information , but the problem is your friends probably feel that your offense is so obvious that they shouldn't explain it , and they are hoping that ... oh yes , and my brain could care less about the importance or relevance of the conversation . it could be my boss , close friend , police officer , priest ( just kidding ) ... it could be a conversation i ... and being - depression is very serious and this member has indicated he already has experienced thoughts of suicide . i think it's incumbent on all of us to offer support and encourage him to seek ... i love that swede was curious enough to clarify that . i also love the imagery of pinterest - it's like a direct current of stimulus for fi . steampunk .. obstructor you'd look great in ... losing the people i love , and total darkness literally and figuratively . i'm not asexual , i'm very sexual . this post will probably result in my being accused of being an infj again ( not that this a bad thing ) . beauty is unbearable , drives us to despair , offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time ~ albert camus manchester orchestra - cope pretty much the entire album especially the mansion and top notch i haven't ever viewed people as tools and would never be comfortable in adopting a personal system of ethics which advocated that kind of view for many reasons . i agree that it can be draining to ... 104194 my enfp friend gets pissed if people lie to her , she pretty much sees through to anyone's core motives , so not wise people .. also , friends guilting her into spending time with them when she is ... how do you feel about power ? is it something you desire ? resent ? is it fair ? do you game situations to earn an advantage ? or , or you more prone to seek win-win outcomes ? i ask because you are an ... also fun : the renn fair - i never go head to toe as a wood nymph like my enfp friends do but i love , love watching the joust and will sit and critique the authenticity of the weapons and clothing ... ... whose first thought when reading the would you date yourself ? thread was that would interesting in bed hm ... ... is addicted to music as a form of escape ? oh i can think of things to do with it nyahaha :) but you're right though , storage will be an issue . will think on this ... dewd , i'm in . :) oh i think we need a weekend for this project . might also require wine . ( and neighbors who won't balk at the site of middle age magnificence being constructed before their eyes ) . i've always wanted to build a life sized trebuchet , and test it ( i am intrigued by siege engines ) . that takes more than one person , would you be down for that on a date ? you'll need another geek ... i love when my boss wants to touch base or plug in on a project i'm working on . i never know if she's forgotten how to say i'd like to talk or if she's thinking she just wants some nookie . doing my taxes . something that would benefit a few participants : it's a discussion , it's subjective , you're not an expert and neither is anyone else . being confrontational and rude totally defeats the purpose of ... actually i'm not questioning anyone's type , i actually really dislike that sort of thing on the forum so please . i'm sorry i participated in this thread at this point . don't take it personally . the ... do you like museums ? i'm not an intj guy , but some of my first dates have been museums and i loved them . i don't know about the weather where you are but walking in a park afterwards and coffee is ... ok why does that sound so relaxing ? * shivers * '