' as long as i can't change my past actions , i can't relate . my happiness is not about my surrounding , it is about me . i don't have everything and i will never have . however , that doesn't mean i can't ... honestly i don't find such kind of show funny at all . i dislike himym as well even though i did watched it when younger . don't know half of them so let's give it a try , i guess ... ? isfj captain jack sparrow ( pirates of the caribbean ) sherlock holmes ( sherlock bbc version the most ) pinkie pie ( my little pony : ... perhaps this is going to sound badly i fantasize about taking my life . however , i don't think i am suicidal . i like dark and frightening things in general which in my opinion has nothing to do with ... i am both surprised and delighted by mlp included in the poll . ponies are my cartoon no . 1 . :P also , i love legend of aang and legend of korra universe ! sour . and spicy ! ! <3 sweet and sour sauces are not bad either . i don't like sweets , i prefer salty food but when cooking i don't use much salt . i am a stubborn person . but determined ? not in general . i have given up some things , usually when depressed . i am not romantic in general . i dislike romantic films or situations as well . i love my partner and i am able to tell them that i love them but i am more physical and i am certain behaviour and being ... never have thought of meaning of life . i believe there is none in general . my personal function in life is to annoy other being around me while i am annoyed by most of them . :-P love ya , my beloved ... any types welcomed ! anyway , what situations / times make you insecure and why ? or you never feel that way ? let's share your opinions and discuss ! according to chinese zodiac i am a pig ( born in 1995 ) . i have never relied on zodiac in general when it comes to personality characteristics . depends on what your definition of thin is . you can be seen thin by one person , another may believe you are not . being thin is not healthly at all , same as being obessive . the word heathly is ... i am slowly reaching the i am completely on my own part and i can't wait ... i guess the worst thing about being a grown up is having money problems . but it is okay , just don't take out a loan that ... some people think you are pretty anyway because beauty is relative :-) i come from a small town where i have lived for my entire life expect for past two years when i sort of lived in our capital , prague ( due to studies , on weekdays ) . i enjoyed the anonymity of a city ... i am usually told to shut up finally :) i am turning 22 in autumn . big number of people i know ( same age or slightly older than me ) have a baby already . i like to play with babies . i like to play with childern , too but most of them are ... i am tired of drama . therefore i am trying to avoid friendship . i have contacts , family , friends i can hang out with ... but whenever i develop closer ? friendship ? with somebody , they start to ... anything except for an average comedy film humour . these films are not entertaining to me . anyway , i enjoy sexual , teasing and pun humour the most . i also like to offend people by a joke , haha . how to make myself less exhausted ... mostly i prefer spending time in company . whenever i stay at home ( alone ) longer than a day , i feel nervous , insecure , lonely ... i feel like i need to discuss / share various stuff all the time . _ . you know you are an entp when you make jokes about others too often ( in their presence c : ) almost every day ... and hello my fellow mlp lover ! ^ ^ let's see . gaining experience trough my life i haven't figured out the definition of a friend ... my currently longest friendships that lasted occured when i attended high school . half year ago i have ... i have always been an intelektual weirdo ... when younger though , i used to be pretty much more quiet and less sarcastic , cheeky ( sometimes even rude ) than i am nowadays . i wonder whether it is just me or some of you guys feel similar / same way . of course , most of us care about their close people no matter the kind of relationship occurs between them but some people ... i can relate 120 % heheh . i suck at comforting people , i rather just hug them and say a little because usually i make it worse by talking . awkward . sister : i am almost certain she is an isfp boyfriend : exfp parents : hard to type but i see them like this : mom exfj , dad inxj captain jack sparrow same here . i have enjoyed it far more than on stranger tides but the original trilogy is just unbeatable in this matter . darts . damn it . as for myself , in the end i have ended up with a good boy who has an opinion and is capable of discussing almost anything though . i have to confess that in the past i broke up with a guy who was ... hello there , fellas . my sister appears to be an isfp . reading posts here and in other isfp topics , i think it might be true . she plays guitar and loves hard rock / metal , even though she is a sensitive ... i would choose italain , even though i am not that huge fan of pizza as the majority of people is . i simply adore pasta though . my second option would be german / slavic / nordic . i guess just ... i believe everybody talks to themselves in their mind sometimes no matter their type pure greatness some of the questions were too difficult to answer for me but whatever , i got entp ... ehhh again : biggrin : yeppers , since i have started discovering my sexuality . i thought it would change with more frequent sexual intercourse but i had been wrong . people already think of me this way which compliments me alot . i am impressed because sometimes i need just a short weird sentence or reaction and they freak out . i love when they do it . :D eyes ! ! they can have the prettiest face in the entire universe but plain eyes would just ruin it . i must see something it their eyes - wisdom , smartness , imagination sparks , whatever ... the second ... even though i appear to be so called dark person ( or whatever word would suit me , as a lover or black , night , terrifying stories , ... ) , i am fascinated by cartoons and cute stuff , too . for example , ... the split ( 2016 ) wasn't disappointing film ... when growing up i have developed a great skill of lying , probably thank to my parents ( not whinning , it's just true ) , therefore i consider myself a good liar , not sure whether pathological though . i ... let me guess ... 20 ! let's see ! if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? i would either tell them the dcision immediatelly or i would spend hours ... in my opinion this matter depends on the location you live in . in my country there are plenty of colleges / universities but only few of them quarantee you a good start of your career . somehow there ... first i thought i was the worst but the older i am the more i value myself . i'd say i feel like i am the worst but i act like i am the best . however , that doesn't fit me anymore . pirates of the caribbean lord of the rings clockwork orange hills have eyes saw silence of the lambs hunt i enjoy watching cartoons as well - lately : mlp ( don't judge ) , zootopia , big hero ... '