' well , it's been three years since i posted this . what has happened since is this . for approximately 18 months following this story , she continued to initiate contact with me in a variety of ways ... there is an awful lot more to the story . i'll go into it but not at 2 am . stay tuned . like a moth to a flame i am drawn to touch that flame and burn if ever so briefly in an ecstacy previously undescribed thank you , my enfj said the moon to the sun you are sunshine i am moonshine i only shine but for your light i am full when you set i am new when you rise said the infp to the enfj when you're in a hot , crowded court room and the judge call a recess . yet you stay in the hot , now empty court room because it feels oh so good to be alone , not with the crowd in the much cooler ... when harmony and honesty collide , which one wins ? i miss my friend my beautiful friend it's just that ... i'm sorry i truly am . 91 % infp 3 % enfp 2 % intp 1 % infj 1 % isfp not the least bit surprising , to me anyway :) my brother is a biomedical engineer in cleveland . i wanted to do aeronautical , then biomedical but my university didn't offer it at the bachelor level . ended up in electrical engineering , then ... i started out in engineering many years ago , hated it . this was long before i knew i was an infp . not people orientated enough . switched to biology then medicine then ob / gyn . can't get anymore ... nectresse amazon.com : jarrow formulas lo han sweet , 80 gms : health & personal care the first one is available at most grocery stores , the second at the vitamin shoppe . i like it in iced decaf ... i think it's very good . that's talent ! have you tried lo-han ? aka monk fruit . it saved me from what you are going through . it really got me off the sugar . dropped 40 lbs . ( well that and a little stress ) :) and look who's talking :) almost all female . been that way most of my life . may stem from a couple of abusive male friends i had as a kid oh , she's being left alone . i don't have any intention of breaking up either marriage . i wish love and happiness could get here faster ... for everybody :) it breaks my heart to read about so many who feel they will never find their life's love . and here i've found it twice . my wife has cheated death more than once . a few years ago she was in a car ... my enfj friend says there are only two emotions in this world , love and fear . i can't come to grips with this , one way or another . my infp heart says it can't possibly be that simple . but if it ... ... when you become attached to the cars of the people you're attached to :) how true this is :/ thank you for your kind replies . oh i am absolutely devoted to my wife and nothing short of death will tear us apart . that said , my wife misses her quite a bit too . recenly a phone call came to ... just as an update , i broke down and contacted her via text . she said yup , no contact what so ever . i said so this is it ? just like that ? she says it's not forever , just for now . however long just ... kinda have to go to medical school to be an ob / gyn . infp's cherish long term relationships and as such things like pediatrics , family medicine , psychiatry , and ob / gyn are perfect . i don't think ... i've been an ob / gyn for 20 odd years . perfect job for an infp :) hey take the plunge ! you won't regret it . it's a wonderful business to be in . especially for an infp . take my word for it . let me know if you need any advice . i've worked with midwives for 20 odd ... that's where things are headed with my wife of 27 years :( it just can't be any other way , can it ? i , right now , feel better about myself physically than i have in years . i feel 20 years younger . at the same time , i've never been more emotionally vulnerable and financially insecure then i am ... when you won't unsubscribe to a thread because you don't want to hurt it's feelings :/ chapter 4 so i ask my friend , can we meet halfway ? maintain a friendship , without the extreme emotional attachment that we had developed . i wanted to try , she thought better of it . i felt bad ... chapter 3 you probably saw this coming ... she told her husband , he wanted to leave her . she thought she might be pregnant ( by him ) . he wanted her to have an abortion . she begged him not to leave , ... it is real ... chapter 2 then my friend turns my world upside . it started the day we found out my wife's bone marrow report . she called and talked to the pathologist . no leukemia , only drug ... ok i need to do this , not looking for advice , sympathy or criticism . ( although , any and all are welcome ) chapter 1 this all started a year ago or so , she approached me , telling me that she had ... my best enfj buddy isn't speaking to me . waaah ! now i can't sleep . can't eat . this is going to be rough . :( i am utterly and completely devoted to the one's i love why would you say your eye's aren't interesting ? i think they are lovely my enfj buddy has the spiciest , nutmeg eyes , that then turn minty , and finally ease into the tiniest bit of menthol . they are beautiful ! ! ! ok let's hear it , all you infp's describe your favorite ... you are certainly welcome , luv . you must know we infp's are a sincere bunch and appreciate sincerity as well :) a true artisan , beautiful work ! my room is spotless , but only cuz my wife keeps it that way . my desk at work , it's an archeological expedition . the layers go back in time :) ( basement and garage same way ) omega 3 ' s like fish oil capsules are supposed to work . st . john's wort should reverse the withdrawal as it works the same way . the best way is to refill the script and taper slowly over 1-2 months ... that is oh so true ! so do i , ' specially if you'd smile :) :) i did the same for my enfj . homemade chocolate and a snuggly card on her windshield . i hope she appreciates it :) aw , that sucks . my birthday was 3 days ago , we must be close to same bd :) dogs more than cats but love both . can't have both , dogs ate cat :( your welcome :) now tell us about yourself , we infp's want to get to know you . yes , that's more like it . you are beautiful , don't need the extra layers for it to show . those are some amazing , green eyes . '