' youtube is an esfj but one that appears to be genuinely kind and innocent but is actually very invested in drama and gossip and always has something going on . other websites are have too many ... isfj ( mother ) + infp ( father ) = isfp ( me ) ( also i have an esfj sister ) mother side : istj ? ( grandpa ) + isfp ? ( grandma ) = isfj father side : enfp ( grandpa ) + istj ( grandma ) = infp ( also an ... isfp 1 . i don't really like being alone that much . sure , i need alone time , but not too much , yknow ? 2 . i think i'm a fairly patient person when it comes to other people 3 . i'm pretty ambitious ... i always used to test as intj , but that doesn't mean my type changed . i think i've just developed my different functions as time has gone on . intp tmlt try and frame someone they don't like he's more isxp to me imo . in theory , yes . i would love to see one of my favorite bands live . but in reality i have really bad anxiety especially around big groups of people and loud noise , so going to a concert would probably ... istj lol tmlt be really into astrology i recently watched the tv series anne and ( if i remember correctly ) thought it was very close to the book , so i'm kinda going off of that . anne : enfp marilla : istj matthew : isfj ? or infp ? ... i play guitar , ukulele , or piano , read , listen to music , watch youtube , scroll through social media , or just sleep . if i'm in a depressive episode tho i'll pretty much only lay in bed and listen to ... my parents were ( and still are ? ) pretty strict so that may have developed some of my rebellious fi . when i was a little kid they encouraged me to ~ explore my imagination ~ and stuff so i guess that ... probably mostly exfps , like everyone else said . but i could see some fe-doms being good at it . that desc of intjs / jughead is pretty vague imo and it could go for a lot of different personalities . he's still infp in my book . apparently i was very easygoing as a baby and didn't cry much at all , even when i got shots , haha . when i was a little bit older ( 2-3 ) i had a big imagination and made up imaginary friends for myself ... honestly , i've known people of multiple different types that are lazy . i have an intp cousin and he's lazy . my exfj sister is also pretty lazy , actually . so i think it really depends on the person ... enfj maaaybe ? tmlt always have to process their feelings before they can do anything i've never been in a dating relationship but when i don't want to be friends with someone anymore , i basically try to just drop them and give them the cold shoulder . yeah , it's probably not the best ... i'm pretty sure my younger sister is an esfj . we mostly get along , but we can get into disagreements ( we very , very rarely actually get into fights ) . i think one thing that makes us clash is that she ... i'm a ballet dancer , and i think that's pretty bad . my feet are constantly bruised and blistered . dancing with a big block at the end of your shoe isn't as easy as it looks . it's also painful . ... for just everyday , i usually just use concealer , eyebrow pencil , eyeliner , mascara , and lipgloss . if i'm going somewhere i might have to look more dressed up or something , i'll also use bb cream , ... so something that i just realized that i tend to do is romanticize the past . just earlier today i was listening to music from 2014-2015 and thought about how i'd love to go back to that time since ... i go back and forth between slytherin and gryffindor ( i've received both on pottermore ) but honestly i think i like slytherin more . meh , i just would've thought she's an entj over estj because she doesn't have a lot of apparent si . warmth 2.5 reasoning 1.7 emotional stability 1.1 dominance 1 liveliness 2 a lot of the times when i test , i test as infj or infp . i can really relate to the infp description , not fully , but it's probably the next closest type to my own ( isfp ) . i can agree with infj for the ... i agree with most of these . the only really se thing about veronica is that she's into stereotypical esfp stuff like clubbing and shopping . but i wouldn't say she's an sj , she's more nt imo . i ... ive seen / taken this one before but it's been a while 56 % infp 22 % enfp 6 % isfp 4 % esfp 3 % enfj i think it's pretty okay , but it's just basic n vs s e vs i things , which is probably why ... an xsxj type probably tmlt go running when they feel stressed istj - ( greek ) sphinx isfj - genie estj - griffin esfj - centaur istp - vampire isfp - mermaid estp - will-o'-the-wisp esfp - siren i honestly wouldn't have the patience to study law . and getting into arguments , even if they're calmer ones , doesn't sound like something i'd like to do very often : unsure : though quiet on the outside , you are often the hidden hero ; someone who rushes in when needed and then after the emergency is over fades back into the woodwork . because of this sense of duty and ... there aren't really a lot of people i don't like , honestly . i get passive aggressive with people that i know well and don't like . i may ignore them as well . if i don't like someone that i don't know ... they both seem like extroverts imo . it's hard to tell for me , really , because they don't seem to show a lot of their personalities in videos , and i'm not that big of a fan . rose does seem more ... xxfp tmlt make playlists / cds for their friends most of my friends are sjs and nfs . i also have a few sfp friends . even when i was a little kid , i told people i like all colors . but i think i did have this phase when i was about six years old where i only wanted to wear pink ... that's about it . in my experience , intps are usually more ~ lone wolves ~ in all honesty , i think i might be best with another isfp , or another fp at least . i just wasn't super confident that he was entj . however , i did a little more reading about him and i think he seemed like he had more of an nt personality than sj . i think this theory is pretty accurate tbh . i'm an isfp , my sister is an esfj . our mom is an isfj and our dad is infp . my dad has an estp sibling and an enfj ( or esfp ) sibling and their dad ( my ... i'm a female isfp . i'm currently crushing on a girl who i suspect is an isfp . it's died a little bit since we've become closer as friends , but it's still there . i knew her for a while before i ... for me at least , it hasn't been very accurate , it usually gives me infj . i think it's pretty biased with questions , and it has nothing to do with cognitive functions . however , it gave some of my ... from what i can remember learning : madison : intp hamilton : extj w / more developed fi jefferson : xntx burr : nt again i get very easily annoyed by eating / chewing noises . they make my skin crawl . it's easily my biggest pet peeve . other ( more personality related ones ) are people being fake , people being huge slobs , ... this sounds like something my istj friend would do so . istj tmlt collect stuffed animals as an adult ( this is more for me around the ages of 2-10 ... i started developing anxiety when i was about 12 and i was unhealthy , and i've blocked a lot of memories from that age out ) 1 ) what is your ... enxps and estps , in real life anyway . i feel like you can just tell they're there , they just have those vibes . and other isfps aren't really that hard to spot for me . estp lol tmlt watch two seasons of a tv show in one day '