' shouldn't that actually say your dual would be an entp as msfancypants is listing herself as isfj ( testing on socionics as isfp ) ? wouldn't it be strange if there were an asymmetry and your dual's ... zerooneinfinity : wow , your a nexus - 6 ? the j-p discrepancy in introvert types between socionics and mbti holds for the theory . in practice , many , if not most , mbti isfps test as isfp in socionics . read the socionics descriptions to be ... are istps stupid ? wha ? ? hellno . what a stupid question ... i actually think this doesn't sound like isfp at all . honestly , threats and not being able to let go for such a long time ... who of the isfps here have ever threatened anybody ? come forward ! hey , i find you look a little like stuart from the big bang theory ( the comic book store owner ) . anybody else find that too ? hey , did you ever consider to join the cloud appreciation society ? i forgot to mention this crucial point . on the other hand , that's why you're convinced . or at least i am . ... you are convinced that you will solve a problem just by staring at it for long enough . i will remember this for my next job interview ! more visual aids please ! ! ! hey , you totally remind me of nicki clyne ( cally in battlestar galactica ) ! i actually can read the mind of my wife very often ! and now you think i am making that up , right ? am i right ? ! i normally cry , when everything comes together to manifest itself in a kind of weltschmerz ... sorry for being so fuzzy about it . the latter method never worked out for me , because i know that the deadline is not a real one ... but for a task management method i came across getting things done ( normally got a f * * king ... i don't think it belongs here , but i called mine kallisti ( what is written on the apple of discord , in greek mythology ) . when i run windows in a virtual machine , it is called worm 8) the second coming of jimi ? ? okay , that makes it clearer . and i can relate to that very much . when my wife wants me to do something , i already planned to do ( sometime i feel like it ) , and she wants it done now , i would also ... of course , it wasn't a list , just examples ( thus the ' etc ' ) . we're not here for an entp-off . may i ask , how old you are ? because at some point in life , you have to accept , that some things ... :) ) tried that with guitar , chinese language , and programming exercises , physics study circles , etc . no way , jozé ! but i have a diploma in physics , am a scientific programmer , and my beloved wife ... i actually realised this after posting . i still think she's isfp . justin long , on the other hand seems to play a more introverted type , there . i'm not your friend , buddy ! well , not yet , that is . thanks for the bolstering ! no disappointment , it's just , i never had a girl w / facial hair before . you know how you lose the interest ... in that case , my fair lady , i am not interested anymore . sure , if the whole day is like a routine , it is deadly . been there , fell into a really dangerous depression , been even on drugs ( that my doc gave me , because of a chronical illness that worsened as ... of course that is soo obvious . but probably it's half way into season 2 , that they actually fall in love . then they split up at the end of season 3 , yadda , yadda . my example would be leonard in ... not you , i meant isfps ... totally . and i find the pairing with justin long really perfect ( in the show new girl , i . e . ) . yes , but afterwards you feel down because you think you are fat ... :) that was my first thought : do what you are best at . create . turn your feelings into works of art , even if this means you have to live through the break up again and again . but you have to show ... love your smile ! but if i may ask a personal question : are you on steroids ? nothing against women with facial hair , you know what they say about women with facial hair .. ? was a hint on a second meaning of ' button issue ' . a little tasteless , but i tried to conceal it . 27392 different glasses , no hat ! why's that ? noone will laugh ( and even if , who gives a sh * * ) . also , i found isf * judge their look much too critical . you are cute , isfps ! female , male , the third gender , doesn't matter . even i posted ... pleeease ? pretty pleeease ! no . i think it was a figure of speech ... noone ? seems the word ' routine ' alone lets entps just turn away ... hi everybody , i was just wondering , that in the descriptions of entps it is said that they / we ' don't like routine ' . it's just , i have some routines that i go through ( on workdays :) . that is , i ... regina spektor and emily browning , both great performers in their profession . ... you know you are entp when you click the post quick reply button , and have already got the next idea ... still takes less space than this one of yours :) when you compare yourself with everybody and want to be able to do everything what they are able to . ( and then are disappointed about yourself , ' cause you can't - well not everything , that is ) when the only alternative to feeling high and super smart is feeling down and absolutely dumb . you know you are entp , when ... uhm ... i forgot . but it was really witty ! when you compare yourself with everybody and want to be able to do everything what they are able to . ( and then are disappointed about yourself , ' cause you can't - well not everything , that is ) ... when the only alternative to feeling high and super smart is feeling down and absolutely dumb . you know you are entp , when ... uhm ... i forgot . but it was really witty ! i would rather use the passive here . '