' so my love language is words of affirmation . i like talking a lot ( texting , in person talking , on the phone ) etc . spending time is cool too , but the best way for someone to show me that they care is ... thank you ! nothing i've done thus far or that i do is a doormat or will result in me losing my intregrity , etc , haha . i'm not trying to get him back or anything like that--my situation is a bit ... also , in reading something you wrote op , i just thought of something ... so , as someone pointed out , intjs generally aren't quick to make decisions like commitment ( such as a relationship for ... haha thank you ! yes i've went over my issues already in this forum and figured out why i pushed him away and i've already revealed my feelings and asked for another chance , but that's what i mean ... i pushed him away many times ... me and this intj have known each other for a year but basically everytime he opened up to me , or did things that made it clear to me that he wanted me i pushed him ... this is a good point actually . everytime my intj ever distanced himself from me for a long period of time it was always after i continued to push him away ... even now , in the direct message i sent to ... have you taken the test to see if your really an enfp ? what do you mean , when you say , you don't fit in anywhere else ? ? ? could you be an infp ? i'm an enfp--tested that way 4 times , but there were two ... i know intjs who do ( well two--one female , one male ) . the male intj likes pictures of nearly everyone ( men and women ) , and most of the women pics that he is liking are his platonic friends , or women ... how do you know that this woman is not a friend ? i've liked some of my male friends photos and there was no romantic intent . if he is only liking her photos , and no other female , and she is not a ... hmm , that is a good point ... i don't know , these days a lot of people like pictures of attractive people , it doesn't always mean anything , beyond harmless flirting . so i still think that the op ... oh in that case , then if you don't feel comfortable talking to him about the girl , then don't . but i wouldn't assume that he likes her , just yet . i was in a similar situation , except i saw it with my ... the thought of getting into a relationship feels suffocating to me . i do fine without them . but with the right person , yes there are moments where i want a relationship . it's not constant sadly lol . ... poor thing . i completely understand your situation ! ! ! must be a common one . definitely listen to dawilliams she gives great advice and knows what she's talking about . have you asked him about ... so i just want to say that da williams is correct in that for me personally my closure process is just as she described . but it's moot and i suspect that most intjs could not understand it , and even ... it's not that you haven't been helpful da williams but as much as i want to ignore lily socks posts , i know she is right in that you are being overly optimistic about this man that you don't even ... there are a lot of responses here . i do think im at fault for this situation and many others i find myself in with men . i play too many games and by the time i realize i'm pushing them away it's too ... lol , you know i really like you . your such a sweet , loving , happy person . i really believe you see the good in everyone , and really want to help people do the things that they want ... i think you ... if your out of patience with me , why keep reading my posts , for the train wreck factor ? at least we can agree that there is something not right with this guy ( even if you also feel the same way with ... i listened to input . i've listened to dawilliams ... and am actually going to try to fix the mess i've made . why do you dislike me so much ? sadly i tried today ... i don't know what my intention was but i sent him a message saying that since we our a pill popping society i would like to create a drug that prevents one from developing to ... i understand everything you are saying ... but where i disagree is the reading , i think he can read me better than i can read him , i don't think he believes i can read his mind , there have been many ... thank you , i really appreciate your input . your so optimistic about this and about intjs lol . i'm going to think on what you've said , because i do agree with your last sentence . for the record , a ... thank you . after i flaked out on him , i did tell him i would make it up and proceeded to ask him to let me know when he was free , and he said ok but a week went by and nothing , so the following ... i do feel a bit used , or at least i did that night . i'm not sure why but perhaps it was because all night he was very touchy , if not trying to grope my pants just laying on me , etc . it's all very odd ... oh you aren't being hard on me at all ! i appreciate your feedback . i still don't really believe he loves me but that might be me just feeling a but weird about that concept . just seems way too ... i kind of disagree . i don't doubt that he likes me , but i don't think he loves me . like i said the minimal contact for three weeks , and he doesn't want to hang out all the time . if he loved me i ... thank you for this . i did text with him last night , seem like things are much better . i don't love him though--i don't use that word lightly so i definitely wouldn't go as far as to say that . and i ... um are you guys reading the same thread ? how in the world was i playing games and messing with him when i went to his house ? i had no idea what to expect . i was not being passive aggressive either . i ... the two months where i cut him off i explained before hand that i was going to stop talking to him and i explained why . i told him that i would reach back out when i was ready to be platonic friends ... that's not true . i didn't think we were fwb anymore . if you remember my threads , a month ago after we had sex and he had alluded to not wanting to do an fwb and gave me reasons i myself tried to make ... i don't want him as a boyfriend . i don't want a boyfriend right now but would eventually like a boyfriend when my plate clears up . but i do what to understand what exactly he is doing . i had ... just when i thought i was done lol . brief update . i had attempted to move on from the intj when he texted me tuesday asking me if i wanted to chill with him wednesday night . i said yes hoping that we ... i had forgotten all about the thread that i started in this forum room , but checked my email and saw that i got responses , so i just want to say thanks everyone for the feedback . i'm in a much better ... i know what i'm saying . you ( and others ) just can't comprehend it . i'm not crazy or having a mental crisis . but i will take green girl's advice and refrain from posting about this online any further , ... no , your misunderstanding what i'm saying ... what i was saying is before i can change the way i look at the situation , assess what i've learned , and apply it to future relationships and how i ... my stress is clearing on the situation . i messaged with a guy that has shown interest in me . and i talked about the situation with a friend and even made fun of myself for being so awkward . that ... i don't know what you mean by think things through and how you believe i'm looking at things without growing . this is the first time this has happened to me i'm still processing it , my thinking and ... i don't see how i contradicted but ok . and yep i know now i can't date an intj , you guys truly are unique . never have i experienced this type of situation before ... i wish i didn't sleep with him ... lol . gawd i hope at 50 i'm not obsessing over closure . for me a topic is closed once a person slams the door shut . so saying in no uncertain terms that they are done or seeing that i have no option i ... i've taken the test 6 times since i was 18 . five times i scored enfp , once i scored infp . he's only taken the mbti once but felt that the description of him as an intj was a 100 % accurate . my sister ... i did not put him through an emotional roller coaster . and if i did it was not intentional . it had nothing to do with stress in those occasions-i just wasn't certain how to proceed with him , so i ... i am stressed . like i said there are other unresolved things going on in my life . but i don't like feeling bad . i like to feel happy or at least stable . this situation and others are not making me ... no closure for me is not friendship , or fwb . i can't be his friend . i tried to be platonic . this was after two months of no contact . i approached him again platonically . he acted as if those two ... he was an intj . i believed so based on many of his behaviors . he participated in small talk with me last week , but more like one liners ( i . e . why did you do that ) in response to a story i might have ... i'm trying to move on . like i said i've posted on the enfp forum to ask for closure on how to let this go . i've never experienced this in my life and it's hard to close it but i'm determined to , i ... he wasn't ever in favor of it . i suggested it , he agreed . was hesitant for weeks , then after i pressured him , we had sex . afterwards when i inquired about the fwb status , he said that fwbs never end ... i've posted about my situation on the intj thread mainly , because it involved an intj . you see i've been in a limbo with this intj for about a year now . it started off hot and intense , with us having ... i understand what your saying and have already began investing myself in other ways . this week it was my goal to let go of all loose ends . things that i felt were unresolved , or that needed to be ... he didnt ignore me for a month . he didn't ignore me until i revealed my feelings for him sunday evening ( 2 days ago ) . two weeks ago ( this was after the sex ) he had invited me on a date but i bad ... my intuition was wrong as an enfp ... after having sex for the first time with an intj in an fwb situation , i thought or my intuition picked up on the fact that he wanted more but wanted me to ... '