' once you realize you are an intp . you either will become more intpish . or instead try to evolve and be more open to emotions ( without logical explanations ) . i wont call it without a reason.but yes it happens . qualifications : boobs ? . . sold ! 130 .. i dont believe in iq and i dont believe in intelligence types either . those are just tools to help you know where yourself . just like mbti still it would be amazing to see how different ... night owl , but i've been trying for like two years to become an early bird . its just way more healthy and i can feel the difference ... only problem is : some stuff are more enjoyable at night : ... simple answer ? no , i dont think i can manage a ' friends with benefits ' situation , even if i fantasize about a lot . as soon as we start to do ' stuff ' i will have some feelings and i will probably ... 1 ) from what i read here and there , he likes you 2 ) from the info you gave . you didnt screw up . and being emotional does makes us uncomfortable ; true . but wont make us think less of a person . its not ... hahaha its so funny because our proof really is a proof ! i cry once a year or so , i tear up easily though they keep saying awww i dont think work is the real problem . he is probably hiding something ; i am not suggesting that he totally lost interest . but he is gone , no doubt about it . if i were you i would wait a long time ... going to travel . looking for a shitty job . fuck my dreams , i get this job , it pays for every video game i want . nope , not that . its just watching movies with other people distract me , and i wouldn't live the movie . especially when they talk and stop the movie and stuff . i dont know much about cars , i dont like driving much . but i look for how comfy it is while driving . also how cheap are the spare parts . but this is good topic , i also will buy a car soon , maybe this ... i just told you even with hitting there is no difference in abstract way of thinking . but each situation is unique . i am not asking if he is a jerk or not . what i am trying to say here is cheating ... its not relevant . but i am talking from my point of view . i don't know any women who harass her man . but its the same thing if a women hit a man . as some of you here already mentioned , its hitting ... of course ! but i like to watch them alone ( as in most movies ) a religion teacher once told me : never trust a man who treat his wife badly i was 14 . and since then , whenever i see this a guy who harass / treat his girl wrong . i really don't trust him , not just ... some hugs are nice , its a rare thing . but with the right timing its nice . 95 % of the times , hugs are just annoying , idk they seem meaningless to me . i was interested in this post until ... no no no no no ! i wont adult ! anyway , i once used this word on my one of best friends who has a handicap brother ( well the word we use in arabic includes ... thats right when you are speaking to someone who understand what you are saying . if you dont think that most people are stupid or at least ignorant , you are probably not social , or you live in a ... let me guess , that estj is your mom ... mine is esfj which is worse , but over the years i said a lot of things that became true ( some are political stuff going on here ) , and i gained some respect to ... no , you are awesome , good and / or smart . ( not sure about the last one ) i think smart xsxjs will still understand if they gave me time to explain . but if they are just dump , maybe there is nothing you can do . biography huh ? i have read historical ones . can you recommend a book or some character to read about , because i'd love to read a new bio . probably tech-computer related ? you single ? : kitteh : iam with you on the dont judge a book by its genre part . you see ; i hated space movies / games before but then i played mass effect and it was the best sci-fi story i ever ... of course you do ! at least some of you does . iam from intps planet , and i find you interesting specie . so the real question is this : what do you guys like to read ? do you enjoy sci-fi ... idk . most of them were no-brainer to me , maybe its the school way of teaching . beside , you dont have to memorize the names , when you learn something outside of schools it could be fun or at least ... i am with the first guy . learning logical fallacies is really important . you have to think through them , not to just to read about them . books ? no i can enjoy romantic movies . not my cup of tea usually , but i enjoy them unless they are super unrealistic and shallow . i did not say intps cant feel love . in fact i said the opposite . did not really used as3 outside of flash , since the good old macromedia flash 6 , and now iam using adobe flash cs5 . but you can also use flash builder for free , and it looks like any other ide . while ... it doesn't matter . in fact thats what i am saying , you will need various people to work with . do you have a portfolio or something ? i might gonna need your help in future projects if you are ... i played the game , nice job . i also made 103k from the first try , , , is it good ? hmmm , if you havn't yet . make a portfolio . you can join freelancer.com and look for jobs there . it worked for some of my friends . dont count on it to make huge amount of money though you dont need to forgive them , at all . just tell someone about how fu * * cked up people can be . you can still hate them , but you should just learn how to not give-a-f * * * . dont open this site again . if ... its kinda hard for males to make fast money from prostitution . anyway ; do you have any kind of skills that you can use ? i once had an infp friend , he was awesome . but we would never make it as best friends . the reason is simple : we dont have many things in common . and let one thing be really clear : an intp doesn't ... thats so true for flash too , adobe modified flash that you can now easily make apps without the need for air , here is an interview i made with the developer of a successful game , i asked him about ... there is no secret here : passion i love programming and i love games . and i am pretty sure if you meet me i can teach you how to make your own video games . its not that hard nowadays giving ... yeah ... i am only comfortable with as3 . a real developer who work on a real-life projects , not a simple coding for fun , wont find it that hard . but i get confused when i deal with any kind of api . i ... nope ... this is action script 3 ( flash built-in language ) which looks like java in a lot of ways ... i sometimes describe it as java modified to fit flash if you have good devs , you can get them to agree on one language , even if they are not comfortable doing so . i guess you will need other personality types , you will find intp artists ( probably ) , but ... i guess the hardest thing for us intps is to find a team . see , making a game is a team work , its really hard to go solo . ive struggled with this for years . until i found an artist . and he is as ... haha . its the ludum dare theme tone ! here and if anyone here doesnt know wtf is ludum dare , see this : ... a ) i cant afford a mac b ) its just a simple game , maybe when i am done with my real project . c ) ios is the worst platform for developers . its probably easier to get it into playstation . love is easy . relationships are not . yes thats me . i tend to smile all of the time in social events or meeting new people but not among friends . i think a smile is not a bad thing , and i am not faking it too ( well sometimes i am ) . but ... mine is isfj . i feel like he did not fully became my best friend until i turned him into isfp . while its not really what happened but he is now more careless than you could imagine . i remember when i ... although its been a while , its from the last #ldjam ( any gamedevs or jammers here ? ? ) but i wanted to share the game with intps . its a game that i made for ludum dare in 3 days with my younger ... '