' i know you're not 21 yet , but the best advice i could ever give you is to never medicate your depression with alcohol . ( you would think that it would be a no-brainer to not medicate depression with a ... ^ doubly so ? : laughing : i thought it was cute . just a little brain teaser to distract my mind for a moment . their attempts at manipulation were not as malignant as those present in avatar . they laid out a few traps , and ... my point being that serious conversations seem to exhaust non-nts . ( i suppose that anyone who was interested enough in any specific topic would find that it does not drain them as much as other ... if you are an intj , do you find that when speaking with another person about a serious topic ( religion / politics / philosophy ) , you are more able to carry on the discussion without feeling emotionally ... i have yet to have an entirely successful long term relationship . ... guess i should have made that disclaimer before i started handing out relationship advice . : crazy : i agree with you , especially if you are talking about 2009 spock . i'm definitely not suggesting playing games like hard-to-get , i would describe it more as playing with the dynamics of power , similar to sexy wrestling , but usually without the choke holds . ... lirulin is generally brilliant , so i would first and foremost suggest her advice . just to clarify though , your problem is the sex , right ? and that he's not reciprocating . please forgive my ... invisiblejim is right in that the different types all sound like they could be one intj in different situations . perhaps your observations of intjs have simply occurred in a limited environment ... those are some great last words . i might have to use those : laughing : also , i didn't realize it till just now , but grieg is kind of cute in a dear little old man way . phrases that slander an entire sex . :d ry : yay ! grieg is awesome ! : happy : ... ... ... f ! - rr ! ! - ah ! ! ! - ... ag ... : frustrating : ... * says to self , i will not derail this thread with a feminist rant ... i will not derail this thread with a feminist rant ... i will not derail ... i generally like the romantic era , and more specifically tchaikovsky . lol . just because : my favorite beer is called death and taxes , and it is very bitter . : tongue :: laughing : yes , i believe it was . : laughing : enegram 5 / female ( < what is the purpose of this part ? ? ) always be willing to learn something new . even if i am smarter than everyone else around me , i should still ask for their input , ... naturally , but everyone has to decide what makes it significant in the context of the event . i would not consider that harmless . it's certainly inconsequential , because no sensible person ... my least favorite ones are the lines that people use at the end of a conversation in a vain attempt to discredit my position and salvage their erroneous misconceptions after i have explained why they ... i also tend to like darker or cynical lyrics , even if the sound is rather up beat , especially if it is comical . here are some examples of my favorite kind of lyrical artists : the magnetic ... i'm not very shy .. i'm actually rather bold most of the time . i am introspective , but just really bold about it . i'm not afraid of anyone . i am curious . i like learning about other people , even ... : thanks for the suggestion . i never seek out groups like that , but sometimes they find me . without a doubt , i would definitely choose pointing out that they are wrong and that i am offended ... i would say that it is never ok to kill someone , unless killing them will not actually kill them . even if it's never ok , sometimes killing is necessary , and it's always necessary when you do not ... i forgot to comment on the second part of the topic question : how do i deal with it when i'm the individual being introduced to a group in this manner ? i actually find this kind of ... hmmm ... i also have a hard time getting off my butt ... i like to help people figure out how to do the things that they want to do ... so you should probably know what you want to do first ... in ... that's okay , i should have known better anyway ;) nor do i . i would suggest that while the diagnosis was certainly not invented for the purpose of persecution , it presently has sufficiently ... dr . susan calvin it should be noted that simply having a high number of symptoms does not indicate a predisposition for the disorder . the wiki says that suicidal or self-harming behavior is one of the core ... this is an interesting question . the deciding factor in this case is the friend . some friends do not need or want that kind of help ( me for example ) , and i think that there are several cases where ... some of the strange things that people tell me i had done as a child , but which i have no memory of are : i was 2 years old , and on the first day of pre-school i leaped from atop a jungle gym to ... : wooo ! bravo ! hurraah ! ! well done . that was a magnificent roar . when i first heard it , i was actually quite startled , which doesn't happen often , so congrats to you . : happy : : femi-nazi is actually a reference to a variant of second wave feminism , when it was particularly harsh against men . it is sometimes a form of androphobia . yes . i can't stand a relationship that has no meeting of the minds . that said , it's a little disappointing in the bedroom , or dungeon , when they just aren't strong enough . in the end , i need both ; ... lol ! yes , thank you for catching that ! please excuse my poorly lacking knowledge of popular music . i still try , but apparently fail , to retain it . edit : darn , it's too late to edit out my ... very interesting . this could be true , though it is based on the generalization that what is an attractive characteristic is a culture wide phenomena . i suspect that this will only be true in ... as far as make-up goes , i use a liquid foundation called make up forever hd . i use it because i actually had the sephora make-up staff help me pick it out and test it in their store . if i'm going ... @ proteus : sure , check out this aptly named website . edit : lol , just realized that your post was in reference to a meme ! bravo proteus . perhaps you could answer me this : f # % & ing memes , how ... i suck at quidditch , and i can't quite get some of the finer points of actually doing magic , but i'm still really good at studying magic . :p roud : ravenclaw all the way ! i've got some buddies in ... ^ agreed . so why do you still want him ? i think that he could be using this relationship as a retreat from the world , and that you both might benefit from ending it . i haven't yet had trouble dealing with less intelligent people in conversation , because i just stop the conversation and move on . no biggie . the frustrations that i do have are usually with ... you bet it's manipulative ! it's also direct manipulation , which i'd like to believe is better than a poorly hidden manipulation , and sometimes manipulation is necessary to get what you want . that ... just finished graphic novel series : fables , currently reading a colection of h . p . lovecraft short stories , will also be reading reference material about archival studies . i think that you need to be more firm on the straight forward approach . he's not taking it seriously right now . if nothing else works , i suggest that you make artificial consequences for his ... a what ? like you are an intj who is also magical in nature , or you are intj through magical means , or you are an intj who uses magic ? i like magic . it's really fun to study and disassemble into ... i don't mind if an so is not physically expressive at all , but i prefer if they are responsive in some way , either verbal or physical , at times when i initiate physical or verbal contact . it's kind ... my drink of choice is hard dark rum , the darker and harder the better . i like it straight , but i'll also drink rum & coke , rum & root beer , rum & dr . pepper , and rum & coffee . i love rum & coffee ... i voted marine west coast because it is nice and cool year round , though i don't mind mediterranean if the summers are mitigated by cooler weather patterns . as an intj i will speak here after as if i were your charater : my foolish cousin who accidentally killed my father must be neutralized , before he @ % # & s up something else . that he killed my father ... if anything , i cry excessively , but only when i'm sure no one is watching . occasionally i cry for no reason at all . i blame hormones and cheesy clamp anime . oh , i also cry with abundant laughter ... '