' i live near seattle . just north of it . i moved back here a few weeks ago . originally from puyallup area but moved from phoenix . 83856 me if i had a death wish thank you all for reading this post . i dont get on this site often enough . it comforts me knowing that others feel the same way . life is a struggle and we have to have the power to push away the ... i used that and it made my blood sugars drop low and made me feel alittle better but hurt me too i take it speratically now . back to feeling lost inside , had some time where i thought i was ok . i had a girlfriend learned alot at work , i am very ambisious . i want to suceed but feel im not . i have inner parts of me that want ... here is a question i pose to you all , i want to tel my father i have a girlfriend but i don't know how . and see the thing is he didn't like her 4 years ago and in away said when someone else brought ... i have this overwhelming sense of being lost in my life . inward struggles . hate of oneself . depressed and no real solution . having to escape reality in a world i create . alone and not self centered ... i need some help disphering what happened . and what type this gal is . i thought of an enfp but is weird acts like an entj but is wild and crazy like an enfp but with some issues . and me being an infj ... i am sooo freaking lonely ! i cant stand whats going on in my head . always my dreams shatter and are weaker than glass . guhhh hurt at my heart . i have a part bobcat names terra . she is a chubby girl but for sure a istj . 600 miles away . but i do see myself moving there cause it's too hot where i live . sorry ik i have been a bother on these forums . sorry if this has already been told in another thread . how do you tell an enfp you like her ? my dear friend and fellow inspirer , i seek the samething i want perfection . but i do see ur point . i am trying to cultivate a relationship with an enfp but i don't know how she feels . i am a ... deep and dark with a fading light of the stars which are the things we hold dear to our hearts . i know kinda long biliana : it's just i don't want to push to hard too fast . i want to talk to her everyday but i know i should wait . she seems like she might want me to take a step toward her . hard when she is 600 ... hey i need some female enfp advice on courting a enfp and if i am doing it wrong or wondering what she is thinking . please help . ask any questions u need.prefer to use im . i have honest intentions ... trying to do my best . how would i know if she at least semi interested in me . i had her do the born as test and she is an idealist . but idk what to look for or do . yes we love music to death some ... i'm learning about her . we used to be friends 10 years ago but she moved away . so i am learning about her . i want to talkto her everyday . but i can't that's a hound . she answers my conversations with ... i am a split infj and a isfj and honestly i don't feel that treasured . maybe it's just me . have a enfp friend he is cool . i'm trying to establish a relationship with a supposed enfp . or at least my ... northern phoenix arizona miriamisfj : i am sorry for what ever happens to you . first i dont show much sadness , i dont know why . ohhh i feel trust me i do . just it takes alot to make me cry i want to sooo much but ... hello 137 : its sad i know . its been over a year . and my friends told me to wait a few months cause she got outta a bad releshinship . i didnt ask her out cause i wanted to draw closer as a friend ... well i was heartbroken again found out last night the gal i like has a bf and that is from herself not from anyone else . bummer . idk y i am being a tough guy blocking out my thoughts , i am on 3 hours ... that is sooo hard to tell them u have a crush on them . cause they are beautiful and lovely and when u ask them to do things they say they really want to come but say i cant . or just say they cant ... i hope that my heart is big enough for her to notice . it will be shy at first but i open like she does when i feel comfortable . i remember things she says to me and stores that infomation . she told ... interesting . but yeah . she gave me hug one day when i had her over for that dinner back in auguest . i dont want to give up on her . i drove past her work a few minutes ago . her car wasnt there . thats ... yeah talked to my friend too about all this he said you just need to see her as a friend nothing more than u will be able to joke and have fun and not be so timid soo much , he said hug her the next ... i hate it too , i just like them to tell me what type of person i am and what i mean to them and they encourage me by saying those things which in turn build me up and help me to think i am still ... nothing helps only time and talking about it tons of times has helped me , even tha still get remorseful somedays . i am sorry man that that happened . just go on . it will be hard but eventually you ... yeah i will have to put on my thinking cap on what i want to do . thank you again . but yes something small like you said i can compliment her . i still have the earings she wanted me to make her , and ... hmmm thats interesting . well she doesnt know my goals , i think she says yeah i kinda enjoy being around him , he may seem like someone i might trust but idk him that well enough yet . i hang out with ... its okay we all have to have our alone time . allows us to think and everything . her uncle said no she isnt . but he said she was a few months back but she brooke it off with him and than they still ... well hmmm . interesting . yeah she may but she trust her cusin . i asked her cusin if she was seeing anyone and she said yeah she does . but i am sure her cusin told her i asked her if she was seeing ... hahahahhaha ! i feel thats alot of pressure . but hmmm . but dont you women like to get ready and make u gals look ur best.hmm . glad u think she forgot . i just feel that might psuh her way , do you like ... u offer me alot of advice . i really hope she is as easy going as you are . i asked her how many cats and dogs she had to groom that day ? just something to keep the ball goingnin texts . but i have ... well yeah she did but i asked her something else and she didnt respond . but do isfj and isfps go together . i just feel unsure of what she wants . ik i could ask but i am unsure as she is because i ... i just feel shy too as well as she does to . i could ask her but feel ill be judged by it like i think most girls will for liking them . but than again alot of women do like me . its just hard . i read ... wow u women are great to listen to . cause i having an issue with a isfp . i like her but i dot know what she wants . i posted my issue if u want to read it . but wow i like understand me , cause i am an ... you have got to be kidding me ? i just did that today before reading ur response so the first thing she saw on her phone was hope u have a wonderful day . she replied back 3 hours later and said thank ... happy i am not like him in that respect i am a quote in quote virgin dater i want to share a life with her and make her happy and defend her . but i am sorry that happened thats not fair . i want my ... omg i do that too . reread everything and see if its right or sounds right . especially if its a text to a certain gal i like ;) but i hate that i cant live in the now . i have to over think it that i get too ansy . and i have to have people verify thwt what i am doing is right or okay for me to do.and that i overthink things to death . and have no way to shut my brain off . interesting i dont retuinely call her or text he maybe ever 7 or 8 days so she doesnt feel i am hounding her . but interesting . i dont ask her to do any all the time . its selective cause she needs her ... a movie hahahah . i just was sooo flustered . besides u and and her she is the only isfp ik . so i needed feedback and i appreciate it . i wish i could text her now or call her now but i wont cause u ... letsride : update : well i was with friends and i decided i couldnt take it anymore so i texted her how work was and how i enjoyed the a convention this weekend . and she replied back an hour later ... idk if i asked her out or not , just trying to get her involved in our social dircle cause she doesnt do much , she is very family oriented . i want to hang with her but if i say to her family or her i ... yes i am that way too . it is easier to say in words on the computer than in person . he just has to see u as still there even if he breaks down in front of you . i goes along way to establishing trust ... i dont know if she does . and cause of low self esteem ( ik not good to have with a woman cause they will cue in on that and could end up rejecting me ) i feel she shouldnt full appreciate it . i know ... yeah i figured i would to , but i dont want her to lose interest . i guess i will try being a friend . someone to rely on with no strings attached . but i dont have much guts to ask anything , we dont ... okay i dont know how to start this but i need to cause this has been pluaging my mind for months . i met this gal a year ago and at the time was very nice . but i felt no confidence ( in fact hadnt ... '