' i don't see infp at all in obama and i'd definitely guess extrovert over introvert . i've gotta be the only infp listening to these guys but ..  and i cant stop  i'm sure mind reading would be incredible . i highly recommend shin megami tensei ( sp ? ? ) digital devil saga 1 & 2 for rpg dorks with a ps2 . criminally underrated and underplayed . dds 2 brought tears to my eyes quite a few times and the plot is ... potentially going through the same thing . such fucking bullshit ... i hate the assimilate or gtfo mentality . i believe that for the past few years ( impossible to say how long ) i've been going through a dark night of the soul . the revelation has been both comforting and terrifying in its implications . ... one of my top five favorite films of all time . i related to his character instantly . pushing daises was an awesome show ! shame its off the air . - become the greatest american film maker - fall in love - swim in a pool full of weed this here is why sign makeup is really hard to correlate with mbti types . probably impossible . i'm a cap moon too , probably the most un-infp moon type . house placement and aspects mean a lot ... my one regret is not committing myself to counseling sooner . sometimes we just can't do it by ourselves . i hope you overcome whatever you're going through , though . you can do it . i've really felt ... i appealed the school's suspension and swiftly lost . : frustrating : being home while in therapy instead of out in a city with no one is probably for the best ... but damn if i don't feel like the rug ... so i've recently hit rock bottom . severe depression , insomnia and social anxiety has left my academic and personal life crippled : i've been suspended from school , i have no friends and the future is ... i take much pride in it . it's difficult and lonely but rewarding in its own way . beautiful even . it's always sunny in philadelphia insert [ adult swim ] show dexter boardwalk empire the walking dead i still miss battlestar galactica ... best show ever the most terrifying fact about the universe is not that it is hostile but that it is indifferent ; but if we can come to terms with this indifference and accept the challenges of life within the ... ahahaa , yea i'm a badass . i went to a catholic middle / high school and hated the experience . i'm proud to say i hold the record for most demerits & detentions there respectively . i was this really odd ... i love sports . youtube - benny benassi feat . channing - come fly away ( soha & adam k ) you . me . snu snu . : crazy : 9w1 and stuff are ennegram ( sp ? ) test results . don't know if there's any relation , but i correlate my type shadow with my anima which comes across as a very ambivalent and manipulative estj in my dreams . in stressful situations i find myself ... common sense really but it just dawned on me in a profound way . if you're going to be introverted , you damn well better be confident . the two aren't mutually exclusive at all . i learned to indulge in the adrenaline rushes of performances in high school . i knew that i was a naturally introverted , somewhat reserved person usually . choosing to do the exact opposite in the ... i can relate somewhat . with people i trust or know , i feel that way . with relative strangers it kills any personal momentum . awkward silence does have a romantic quality . i sometimes swell with a ... bolded : damn straight . i look at it this way : the majority of the american population is estj , the exact opposite of the infp , so the type faces this weird stigma running undercurrent in the ... ditch her . clearly not a friend to you . youtube - kid cudi - don't play this song w / album download link you've every right to be pissed with her . if i were in your situation i'd confront her as a friend ( or former friend ) . i get courage from the encouragement of people i respect and from the success of those i believe to be introverts . i'm a filmmaker too , and in my experience w / the industry : preteniousness , arrogance and general douchery are everywhere . the field is full of wolves in sheeps clothing . i love the work , the ... i don't know about the op but thats definately the case with me , i've always feared intimacy . it's also what i want most in the world . me and my paradoxes ... i've got probing to do . i can't put into words the joy of hearing a woman say i love you . it's not an impossible problem either ;) all it takes is a little effort and confidence to put yourself out there ! edit : im such a hypocrite .. i went a week without sleep once sophomore yr of college . i functioned just fine besides irritability , surprisingly . i was bullied by this other kid in middle school . continued briefly in high school until i became intolerant and stood up to him . if i were to ever see him again i'd probably beat the shit out of ... i'm truly , unknowable . plx advise ? to be physically attractive but shy around women is a cruel cosmic joke . 99 % of the time in my classes some girl will sit next to me and engage in hair flipping , eye flirting marathons in the ... wish i knew i was an infp before i went off to college ... i got really depressed the end of my freshman year , ended up having insomnia , panic / anxiety attacks until my senior year . ye , college can be ... its been my experience with women in my 21 years of living . none have wanted to start as friends or get to know me before trying to fuck me . silly women ... i'm to shy for that mess : blushed : you've no clue what you're ranting about , no offense . i have a cell phone since i'm far away from home for school but i barely use it , i regularly go months without turning it on . most people think its weird . i keep in contact with a few ppl and fam ... stoner . loner . i need a less expensive hobby and more friends . : sad : 21 male yes i'm basically drowned in a sea of emotion , naive idealization , infatuation and lust . i melt , basically . my isfp friend loves doing this . she has like 50 + profiles on different sites lol .. i usually stick to 1-2 and just elaborate on and pour over them constantly . '