' it's a godsend to be able to escape despair and monotony at will . others have no outlet other than what is provided for them , and they only consume this information , never create it . but we may ... i think it depends entirely on if you want to participate in modern society , primitive society , or if you're a survivalist . i have no problem with relative isolation ( i have my husband , who is my ... do you find that idealizations give you a false sense of accomplishment or even wear you out ? i find it difficult to control daydreaming - i spontaneously imagine myself interacting with ... smaller circle means less variables . you're doing great ! keep self-esteem and positivity up . watch out for those negative reactions and trains of thought . change your mental subject and change ... we started a brand name disc golf company - we make apparel and bags . we travel around the us and canada selling our stuff at tournaments and setting up wholesale accounts with local retailers . we ... i get told by nearly everyone i have ever known that i look like i'm angry all the time . let me tell you - it's done me much more harm than good . never can hold a job ( though it was stupid to try ... aizar he absolutely wants to work through it . when i started this thread yesterday , i still had little clue as to what was going on in his mind and what was triggering the anger . through the helpful ... what am i going to do , divorce my husband who has been my only honest friend , lover , confidant , provider , protector and muse ? no i intend to help him work through whatever issues he has because he ... emerald sea i've always considered him my protector . it's just fascinating how the infj mind works - it's primal , survivalist . i love it . more about that story : his buddy has a violent temper when ... never threaten an infj's loved one . i saw him in a fight only once ... jumped by 4 ex-wrestlers at a ufc party when he stood up for his buddy to the drunk-ass who owned the house . picked up and ... intricate mystic thank you ! it was a very relieving conversation as i've been spending most of my day writing and responding to this thread . tomorrow , we're going to see evil dead and then a ... he never has to compete with him literally - the most it ever is when we're all together is a mutual friendship that feels quite normal and healthy to me . i don't have many friends , so it's always ... even if she did mean it , what does that change about you or the situation ? unfortunately , there's nothing you can do but throw her in the trash heap and move on . she is in total control of whether or ... you better believe it's making things tough . we talked for a long time about it before he moved in at the end of july . neither of us have ever lived with anyone other than each other after moving out ... he's been taking a lot of angry naps recently : laughing : yes , it's clearly a sore spot for him . the trouble is i do feel strongly , and in his best interest , though i can't do anything without ... timeislove he went to counseling as a child for numerous psychological issues . either he doesn't remember much or he may be purposefully not telling me . i don't probe too much into early childhood ... people are going to say shitty things to you as long as they think they know better than you . it's petty and insensitive to say the least but you must know that your mom and this girl likely had no ... i know how you feel about finding out you're infp ... not only are you not dysfunctional , you're home to a unique mind and now that you have the arsenal of knowledge here , you can use it to navigate ... i am bringing it up as soon as i have an opportunity . it affects his work life as well , and that's always been a problem for us financially . i justify things too much by using myself as a ... emerald sea yes , the smoking thing is definitely a factor , but it can't be the whole picture . he's tried ( and temporarily successfully ) quit smoking several times and he always has a short fuse for ... another person with poor memory , or shall i say , selective . i don't remember anything my mom tells me . she is my intellectual antithesis and i could really care less about what detail-oriented , ... oldmanrivers thank you for your concern , though that doesn't describe the situation here . he's never outwardly acted violent towards me or anything else - he doesn't break shit , he doesn't lay a ... i wish i knew what could give those things to him . i seemed to hope a new place to live and more like-minded friends ( we're very much fish out of water here ) would take his mind away from the ... maeve check out the infj forum - they have the same trouble you do moving past the acquaintance stage to a level of trust most people would describe as a friendship . do you have a strong fear ... thomasfullerjr thanks so much for the advice . it's true that many times when he gets angry he feels very emotionally vulnerable afterwards . he told me last night that he just loves me so much , it ... adrianvannyiha but that's such a volatile process to go through . understandable for some situations , but getting angry like that during conversation ? how often do you feel this way ? is there a ... it's a fine line between the allowance of imperfection in someone you love , and being a doormat to someone who doesn't love you enough . i think it's a different story with every person and situation ... anyone have any experience overcoming their own anger problems or those of an infj you know ? i'm talking about immediate , relatively unprovoked anger that is so strong a feeling you can't disguise ... infp : cannabis several times daily , including before work . 4 days out of the week i'm at home alone doing housework and whatever random creative thing i can think of . i'm also working at ... [ / list ] i had avoidant personality disorder as a teenager . i also didn't have my own computer ( dating myself here a bit ) so i didn't have the access to the kind of information here on perc and ... moonlight_echo i've spent so much time recently thinking about the few friendships i have that have strung along with me from one life to the next - i've hade so many jobs and been to different ... thank you so much for your post , that really puts into words what's going on in my co-dependent marriage ... we've worked and lived together for all of our adult lives and for a number of reasons we ... i have no true friends other than my husband . i live dangerously on the edge of total isolation and seclusion within my own mind . easy for me to fall into my own self-indulgent obscurity . people ... infj hubby can say such profound things with so little words . it's incredible , really fascinating to me because i've learned to listen to the meaning rather than look at what's superficial . he's ... i just know from my own experience - infj's are more than worthy friends and lovers because they are 100 % trustworthy and can be your rock in the real world while being willing and able to go all the ... i'm afraid i'm exactly the opposite - i let relationships languish if i don't see a person face to face very often . i've been known to lose my phone for a few days or even weeks and hardly realize or ... i agree for more than one reason . i can't cause confrontation , no matter how angry or upset i am . i avoid it , and the best way to do that is to sever any chance of creating it . i will let ... i wouldn't consider my procrastination fixed , just that i refuse to do anything that doesn't apply to what is my most important goal at the time . sold my tv . sold my xbox . stopped buying canvases ... the infj i'm married to gets mistaken for an extrovert all the time . he says controversial things to get people shaken up , see their reaction . he loves to screw with their minds too , especially the ... it's the tendency to base our ideas and conclusions about the world around a feeling we attach to it . like you said , if it isn't logical ( which it can be ) then it isn't valid to them . we're also ... that's true , but there's no necessity for outside aid to do these things . in my region , a college degree of any kind can usually get you a job with a corporate chain in sales . they want to train ... we might respect others for their honesty in their actions and emotions , or their giving natures - something intuitive . others value and respect those who stick to their guns , make themselves ... i have to agree with this , though i understand just as much how college isn't a wise investment for everyone ! in my experience , people are going back to college in droves for the tax breaks . college ... when i first read the thread title i thought of why i believe people don't respect me , but you showed me a totally different perspective on that ! well , i have an unusual way of looking at the ... kids keep proving to us that they are capable of the same things we are , just on a different scale . i hope more people pay attention to that ! ! questforself now you know what job security and money feels like . you have to know what's on the other side sometimes to be sure you're making good choices in another direction . i would have done ... excellent ! well said . you got it ! i'm at work right now : laughing : if i have a good book , a sketch pad , or especially the internet to start the questions that's all i need . you never know what truth you might find ... ... i believe you're right about this . you've been stunted in a way from fulfilling your potential because you didn't spend the energy you had to learn and grow within your personality , you spent it on ... oh yes , this sounds very familiar to me . i woke up this morning thinking about my friends i grew up with and where there lives are now . i mostly had asian friends , my closest friend being vietnamese ... '