' no . for some reason , i was born unhealthy and predisposed towards failure . humanity is unready , unorganized , but it has potential , and that potential will manifest itself . that sounds a lot like what i wrote in my first post . it's true that some people could gain something from woundedness differences , whether it's well-intentioned or not . the bi-polar ... if it's true , then that's a good point . maybe i'll look into it . do secures do better with other secures , though ? what about preoccupieds with other preoccupieds ? what about people who ... this is a great gif : healthiness can be both a spectrum , and a binary state . in this context , i use it as a spectrum , and that's what i meant by variable level or degree . there are fluctuations within those ... what exactly do you mean by such a negative word ? are you referring to the stigma that surrounds it ? my mother tongue is french . maybe that's part of the reason why i don't perceive the word ... from what i've seen throughout my life , personality type isn't the biggest factor in whether a relationship is stable or not . what matters is the healthiness and development / broadness of the ... this is basically what it boils down to , for me , when it comes down to aversion to this world . there simply isn't enough elon musk . ( alone musk ? ) the guy should just start a venture in the ...   doesn't it go both ways ? i'm not quite sure i'd call it jealousy ... just lethargy and discomfort at the thought of this lousy cosmic inequality . it bothers me that there's yet no such thing as free will . but perhaps ... new thrall nature falls afar chilling . glides down without fair warning . damocles ' not far - above - from piercing the heart for love . i'd get council from the most ethically-oriented thinkers out there . would probably end up getting rid of egoism and unnecessary pain , and lowering people's reliance on social norms .   ... i hope so with all my being , and hope that hope's enough ... everlasting love is my god , my faith and religion . : unsure : the probabilistic nature of everything is very disheartening . all could crumble to shreds or negate itself with no warning . everything is a double-edged damocles ' sword hung above . happiness , ... i wonder if paying attention to lyrics , as opposed to beats and sounds , while listening to a song in one's second language , has anything to do with the sensor-intuitive or thinking-feeling ... it's fine , man ; nothing wrong with that at all . i know you've just asked me to ignore what you've said , but i insist on answering your implied question . personally , i believe there's a way to ... why or why not ? in other words , how should one go about defining worth ? in either case , it was specified in op's post that your family will never be a catalyst for global change . yea , i can clearly follow your line of reasoning . it wasn't really meant as a question : just food for thought . :) that could potentially be achieved without as much suffering , don't you think ? ( assuming that the ensuing deaths , sorrows and other indirect impacts wouldn't be painless ) regardless , if i ... it comes down to a few philosophical questions , each of which could be broken down further : 1 . what is real ? 1.1 . what role does life fulfill within reality , if any ? 1.1 . 1 . is consciousness ... problematic uni-verse we want too much - or little ; all of us , throughout our lives . in a bit , we'll curb our drives through revision : pay our toll . what ? i'm not an enabler ..  reminds me of those days where i just sit down and get completely entranced in music , forgetting about the world and its problems , for days entire . those are the shit . i've heard from a friend that the walking dead is heart-wracking . ( haven't given it a shot , though ) also , limbo was one of the few interesting platformers i've played . it's like playing ... if what you want is a close relationship , give introverts their space . don't expect them to talk . leave your ears unclogged but don't make the mistake of demanding conversations . infps are sensitive ... weren't it for personal deficiencies , i'd most likely enjoy spending time with all types . sadly , i've consistently failed to get along with heavily-lopsided extroverts or to communicate effectively ... fridge . empty ! ? oh , sorry for the confusion ; it was actually directed towards op . : blushed : somewhat odd , how frequent the idea is which argues that life has no intrinsic value or function . would you also say that well-being doesn't matter or that the organization of living matter had no cause ? disearthening covered with myriad volcanoes , her crusty face is muck . everest may well be her nose . she's not had much luck . plump - a moon ' round revolves not so far away from her . ... the bags under my eyes are equivalent to mensan green-colored hug-tags . ( how the hell has such a system not become mainstream yet ? ) i'd say my causes all aim to increase empathy , rationality and knowledge ; mental health , in other words . the goal being to increase the thermodynamic efficiency of processes leading to generalized ... messes sides of an issue clashed into fragments . clueless passersby threw , onto this heap , fat gold bars to mend the mangled segments ; piling on dirt but , of course , not as cheap . waste was ... wish i could interact with people telepathically or just flat-out be mind-merged with them completely , for a time . it'd make life and death so much easier , and better . don't get me wrong ! i don't think you need help , i think he does . you mentioned cognitive deficits , which are ( among other things ) linked to dopaminergic abnormalities in the brain ; drug abuse is ... do you have skype / msn ? i'd like to explore this in depth , if you don't mind . who knows , i may even be able to help . what's going on ? that sounds dire ... someone buy this man a beer ! ( or whatever it is he wants ) '