' honestly , i think this has a lot to do with intimacy and trust . at least that's how i've always looked at it . the more intimate you are with someone , the more you trust them , the more you'll take ... i do idealize people close to me , but i tend to keep that idealization to myself . sorry all you wonderful people out there . i second that . : tongue : sometimes , i think there might actually be a great deal of value in the lack of a emotional response . it keeps you in that logical troubleshooting mode that is sometimes necessary to really get to ... when i have a problem , i usually call out to my st friends / family . i feel like they have a way of keeping me grounded . when i reach the point where i actually feel like i need to discuss a problem , ... as an infp myself , i'll try to explain our occasionally bizarre behavior in this types of situations : we are introverted feelers . which means we're almost always going to consider a situation ... i miss being in love , or any strong emotion at all . been feeling a bit numb lately . put simple : tests are quite unreliable . 5w4 sx / sp - reporting . i'd recommend reading the ' timeless enneagram article series ' . you can find it on this forum . that i have built my defense walls so high - that rather than protect me they have left me in complete isolation that i'm genuinely unable to love that i'll never find true happiness that i'll ... i think all of the points you've raised are somewhat obvious ones . if you don't mind me saying so . the phenomena you describe is precisely why a lot of people turn to mindfulness . there comes a point ... actually per the system's logic , every single infp is finesite - in precisely that order . think of it as an engine those functions are the integral parts of the machinery . what makes it run . tho you ... i'm not self-centered , i'm an introverted feeler . i use that one a lot . some of us male infps have a real problem with being romantically aggressive . i know i do . i'll be extremely interested in someone . but i'll feel like i don't have any right to be aggressive - when ... the thing is that , due to our function order , ne is the function through which all infps naturally extravert . so yeah , extraverting ne would mean giving it more room to operate . i've found that in ... nope ! not poking my fingers into this hornets nest . yes ! i remember telling someone how i have no idea what the proper emotional response is , ever . it's so frustrating when you know exactly how you feel , but you couldn't tell anyone because they ... broder daniel - army of dreamers we're not strange we're just sleeping we all just drift around we're not trying we are dreaming we all blend in ... the more i want to open up to someone - the harder it becomes . i certainly recognize that in myself , and i've been trying to wrap my mind around it to come up with a reason why i act this way . i think it has to do with our need to feel passionate about the ... hmm , i always won hide and seek when i was a kid . never thought of it like that tho .  reevaluate everything , again . affection is a very complicated feeling for me . it's hard to explain but basically affection is always accompanied with a great deal of anxiety . i desire nothing more than being intimate . there's ... i'm not so sure tossing the guy in jail actually accomplished much . sure , technically speaking he did commit a crime and should be locked up . but i think that what his imprisonment actually ... indecisive the government would probably penalize it . which would open up a huge black market for dream-machines . do men find very skinny women attractive ? | psychology today in short : fe - we fi - me feeling like i had the chance of a lifetime , but i let it slip through my fingers . oh , when will i ever learn ? ok , so i've been trying to explain the mbti to some friends , and they've been asking for links . do you guys know any good pages to start your research into the mbti ? aside from the perc-articles . for me it's more about the feeling they provoke in me than anything else . i'm definitely not measuring according to any objective scale . if the feeling isn't there , it really doesn't matter how ... i almost feel like i use melancholia as some kind of a safety-blanket . a way to avoid dealing with the world . i wonder if melancholia ever can be anything other than a means of escape . trust me the anxiety will catch up with you in the morning , ' least that's what drinking does to me . to me authenticity is more of an ideal than practicality . the authenticity-ideal is expression of your genuine ideas , feelings , opinions without them being diluted by the external world . as ... the only thing to do is to come to terms with it . but i find that it kind of comes and goes , depending on the day . on a good day i'm fully at terms with my awkwardness - i embrace it . thus turning it ... i think i can . it's trusting my judgment enough to go with it i have a hard time with . i think this is a pretty cool motif for a tattoo . ( say wired round your arm . ) personally i don't have any tattoos and ... been called stubborn my whole life . that's not about to change . i'd think that most fi / ti-types might be considered stubborn from the perspective of a type with an extroverted judging-function . as ... a simple sms : you're my hero . that has to be the sweetest compliment i ever gotten . i'd like to try being any of the fe-doms . they're lovely people . it would also give me more insight and practical knowledge on the differences between the two f-functions . what strikes me is that you might be trying to make too big a leap . wanting to accomplish everything all at once . which might be dragging you down , as you feel like you've somehow failed for not ... just remind yourself that it's the quality of the experience not quantity that matters . when you finally get around to doing all the things you've wanted to , the feeling will be so much sweeter ... if the inhabitants are hobbits , sure . hahah , i love how that's exactly the expression you have in your avatar . : laughing : balance . 10char i'm not particularly fond of evo psych , either . i find it a little bit too unromantic for my tastes . but if i may argue the point on it's behalf . i'd say that they would call into question the ... i agree with you about intellectual attraction . i'm just not sure if that could not just as well be incorporated into instinctual attraction as well .. know what i'm saying ? i'll second this . i've been wondering . do you suppose that all of these lists of attractive traits really are just rationalizations ? the real attraction being all in biology , body-language . the order being : ... '