' i have struggled in the past with the barrage of negative thoughts and insecurities that you mentioned . one thing that works for me is i am trying to retrain my mind to not give into these ... i don't love you intjs . i don't know any of you on here well enough to say that to you . that would be a lie and i think you would know it . i do love one intj more than anyone else in this world but ... i think that for me , i just have a sense of it being there . i try to feel where it is physically in my body and sometimes , i can get a sense of it's presence . as for fi speaking a language , if it ... museums can be so amazing . i get to see things and appreciate things that i would not be able to see without them . i love the presence of some things . i can think of some pieces of art that i have ... no , i have never done this . in college , i knew a guy who never washed his clothes . he would just throw them in a heap on the floor and get more at the thrift store to replace them . at the end of the ... this one has 535 thanks .  fern likes to help me when i cut out fabric by sitting right in the middle of it . i call her my helper kitty even though she is the opposite of helpful . vegan pot pie 710602 7106 10 growing up , my mom used to make pot pie with leftover turkey from thanksgiving . i haven't made a pot pie since i stopped eating meat . i made the crust from ... seems like kind of douchy beer to me . what if we had a resurrect really old threads day ? garmonbozia ? ... congrats ! i always enjoy reading your posts .  ... i was under the impression that it moved from rodeo to fashion more in the 70 ' s . but aren't all chaps ... this is some good vegan sausage . i use it in spaghetti sauce , sprinkle it on nachos and other areas where i want a more savory flavorful meat substitute . ... our cat is very anti social and doesn't usually like to be petted . she will allow it at specified times and at her convenience . i think she is overwhelmed by people and only lets me and my husband ... this post so reminds me of my husband ( intj ) . he has said similar things in regards to the kitchen . especially the tupperware . it is organized in such a way that all the lids go one place and the ... i will just use any paper scrap that is laying around . sometimes , i will use the dust jacket but not often because i don't really like hardback books . short answer = tell him it is important to you and ask him to look into it on his own and come back and talk to you . ask him to do it because he loves you and you want to talk about it with him . don't ... i think that in my life this has manifested in me not seeing the good things i have in front of me because i have been looking for and yearning for the ideal . it's not even something that i do ... love this ! you are lucky that you can go to the waterslides with your mom . the more i think about swimming , the more i feel like it's not just because i am an adult . the thing i miss most is when ... many things would fall apart without them . this reminded me of swimming . we have a pool in our apartment complex and i love to swim . it's all kids who swim when they get out of school so it is weird for me . the adults just sit on the chairs ... is it manifesting in a different area ? i think that for me , sometimes when i am worried about my creativity , i am no longer interested in the form that it was taking . i am not advocating switching to ... you should go to the fair and dress up . you can go not as you but as your alternative personality . hide behind it and let a different side of your self show through for fun . think about how the ... i have done this with work before . i have become my work role and it was too limiting and narrow of a role to live in . it is hard to walk this line without losing or suppressing aspects of yourself ... car sales people are sort of weird . they are so chatty and when you don't engage they just get weirder . i think you are supposed to give in to what they want . i threaten to walk out , my husband takes ... i like the intp forum because they appeal to my sense of humor . they have a way of putting things that just makes me laugh . i know they can also be very serious but their brand of humor just tickles ... this post reminds me of the craigslist missed connections section . a rain dance . worst thing you hear from your mechanic ? wait for it husband made us thai yellow curry for dinner . it had tofu , sweet potatoes , onions , carrots and yellow squash . it was so good . lakigigar i was looking for salad recipes and found this for you . they look pretty simple and unfussy . 50 - 5 ingredients or less vegan recipes â € ¢ it doesn't taste like chicken if you don't ... they brag about how much bigger their unstuffed penis room is . things you don't want to find in your cat's litter box he makes better cupcakes than you what is the best thing to pickle ? cat food strangest thing you could find washed up on the beach ? my parents were both severe introverts and did not socialize much or have much interaction with others that i could observe and learn from . my dad did go to work but i never saw how he interacted ... lakigigar this is one of my favorite pasta recipes and it is pretty easy to make : swiss chard and tomato linguine with balsamic glazed chickpeas - thug kitchen i am going to suggest rice ... i have seen that you post about feeling guilty about not eating meat for some time now . i think that maybe the thought of changing your eating style can be very intimidating and overwhelming . i think ... one thing i would like to add to lord pixel's post about doing things is that not only do i feel good when i do things , gain competence in them but i also do not waste my time dreading them . i wonder ... i worked at target for my first job . i remember having to wear the red and khaki outfit and people would come into target in those colors and i would ask them for their employee card for their ... a good movie about pet cemeteries is errol morris's gates of heaven . i once visited my grandfather's grave with my parents when i was younger . i left a cookie on it because he had a sweet tooth ... lady pirate this made me cry . so sorry for your loss . i was more thinking about maybe asking in the sex and relationships forum and not the infp forum for better answers from non infps . so i asked my husband ( intj ) . it was fun to watch him squirm ... i love how you bring up the putting your heart out there aspect . i think that some compliments are so unexpected that sometimes the person is caught off guard and immediately rejects it . they may not ... how many people here get compliments and acceptance and then just brush it off ? i am asking because it is something i have been guilty of in the past and is something that has come up a bit in ... i am a spouse but i have no idea what i am like . i know what i think i am like but my spouse might have a more accurate answer . perhaps you would get a clearer answer if you asked the children and ... '