' best : english worst : chemistry favourite : english or sociology , followed by computer science and civic studies least favourite : geography i'm generally considered to be a bright guy but i was always below average in school , i believe at some point of year 11 i was close to being the bottom of my year . although funnily enough , i've ... lou reed - intp john cale - intj nico - infp maureen tucker - isfp doug yule - isfp sterling morrison - no idea , istp maybe ? what do you think ? ted - infj lilly - enfj marshall - enfp robin - istp barney - entj peter - entp ( just a really dumb one ) lois - esfj brian - infp meg - esfp stewie - entj most underrated musician of the last 20 years . what do you think his type is ? he's quite difficult to type because he rarely gives interviews but i'm sure he's xnxj , leaning toward infj isfp one of my best friends and my guitarist is a hard one . the man is a walking contradiction , i just can't figure out what type fits him best . help me out here guys at first i was very certain that ... i'm a lazy fish who occasionally writes for me it's probably shia labeouf probably butchered that trumpet solo still isfp one of the types most likely to be douchebags isfp , chill and laidback not really . although i believe that intrinsically good people outnumber bad people by a great number . i do believe that the latter is very rare yup definitely entp there are assholes and angels from any type . but i've always admired enfjs the most esfj to people that i know by name but not really friends with or just people in general : istp to normal friends : isfp to close friends , who are a notch below best friends : intp i won't say ... probably think of killing puppies at least once a day all of them me and my isfp girlfriend are having a semi long distance relationship where she lives in a neighbor city and i only get to see her once or twice a month . i personally consider it to be the perfect ... yup i'm probably an earth type , but dust or lava seem possible too i like them both but i personally feel rachel demorest sound most interesting . somewhat-fun-fact : robert zimmerman chose to be bob dylan because 1 . dylan thomas is his favorite poet 2 . he ... 2 of the smuggest people in my circle share this type entp my top 3 of all time the who pete townshend - infj roger daltrey - estj keith moon - esfp , quite a stereotypical one infp - helga from hey arnold , if you consider her a villain i don't know why but most anime characters seem enfp to me always very attractive people istp probably the hardest type to dislike my highschool best friend and girlfriend are both isfp i love you people my parents could not afford hogwarts so i now work under mr . filch intp usually when he is forced to do something he doesn't want to . i've seen him explode three times in the last 4 years : twice against authority figures , and another against a rather pushy friend i'm trying to type the guys in my band and my lead guitarist is probably the hardest ! 1 . obviously a great guitar player , has a bluesy style of play 2 . insanely diverse taste in music but mostly ... it dont matter wat u is sayin or how u is formin da wordz or whatever but if da peoples get wat u is wanna say aint dat da wot languagege really is ? ? ? - ali g like infp but better estp i really liked this film and i'm surprised it hasn't been done yet . i haven't seen it in a while but for now my guesses : jude - isfp lucy - infp max - entp sadie - esfp jojo - istp prudence - ... i basically have 6 different fantasy worlds , with a version of me and my friends in each of them : 1 . superhero world 2 . world where i'm a rockstar 3 . football star 4 . boxing champion 5 ... indonesia ( in general ) sumatra - xstj java - isfj bali - isfp sunda - enfp infj , occasionally enfj i'm a kinda new with mbti but .. people rarely agree with me but i believe that mike tyson is an infp . i'm a big boxing fan and have watched many interviews / documentaries on him which led me to ... infp matt - isfp foggy - enfp karen - isfj kingpin - infj ben - infp leland - intp nurse - isfj stick - istj vanessa - isfp perfectly intp , right down to the username i'm more striking than adorable :p erc 2 : well i can't say that i love the study of law , but i don't hate it either . i though a lot about changing majors , but i realized that i'm never sure what my passion really is , and i'm the type of guy ... apparently fictional infps are generally mopey and kind of weak . what are some characters that aren't ? the only one i can think of for now is spider-man '