what would make an infp feel like this ? ? everyone is selfish . even looking out for other people is a selfish need to get them to like you ... do you think many relationships have contained some form of emotional manipulation ? maybe it is just my experience , but for me watching mpeople do lines after lines of stuff that consists most of other things , thinking it is making them higher when the effect isn't that good at all , ... haha it was aimed at you ^ ^ this person uses drugs to ' deal ' with stuff ... even when he has nothing to deal with . i find it quite weak but hey , he enjoys it . you might even be infp ;D he doesnt have self control when it comes to alcohol etc . i think i'm leaning to entj , thanks everyone ! he is very argumentative and people find it difficult to win an argument with him . that's a very strong trait of his hahaha . he definitely uses te / ni in arguments . he's very good at his job , reads ... i know estp anf entj are very different and have completely different fuctions . but , i'm having trouble deciding on someone . what are the ' surface ' differences on the two . the person is very into the ... he is very hedonistic . i think he has a problem accepting responsibility for things which he can't entirely control . because someone in my life who im trying to understand is an entx i think maybe because we grow up seeing all the bad things associated with drugs we have judgments agaisnt them . but in reality , nothing good does actually come from them anyway . apart from the ... i think there is so many different perceptions to drugs . i'm asking because someone in my life has been doing it for a long time , they manage to hold down a job . but they have the inability to change ... i'm asking if it is a mental need or is it more about being free ... like letting go ? just with ents . i need your opinions on why an entp would want , or feel the need ... or think they should do drugs quite often ? thanks :) i need your opinions on why an entj would want , or feel the need ... or think they should do drugs quite often ? thanks :) violet , lavender , crystal =] ? :( the only thing i have a problem with is them being shorter than me and small hands / feet ! but if i loved them i suppose this wouldn't be an issue i actually read in a thread that lateralus captures the ' essence ' on the infp ... to be able to go with the flow while developing / learning etc and being idealistic in spirituality , etc every tool song is like a masterpiece with so many layers you can never get bored of the songs . simply amazing ! ! stop separating your body ... from your mind ooooh nope , nope ... ( kurt cobain ) infps probably are the most likely type to seem stoned , even when their not . lol hahahhahahhahahhahahahhahahahhaha sometimes i pity us . it was a really good post.but he deleted it . - _ - maybe ... maybe ... the greatest question ... :P straight girls are attracted to men ... :) there's beauty in men . straight girls are more tired out / sick of all the airbrushed / sparkling females . it's not like girls are all part of some ... computer.ipod.too many things to choose from . :/ your favourite ... he is an estp :) fan fiction ( harry potter ;) good ones ) chocolate crisps taking pictures of myself . hahahahha vein ... the sims ;) not doing housework when i should being lazy is this brandon boyd ? :) my psychology teacher is ! ! ! they're usually the ones with the ' presence ' and making sarcastic , snarky comments . that are usually funny . have you tried going to a psychiatrist do you feel these problems are rooted in your childhood ? :) what do you wish for at this moment ? ;) ) more to be able to do the things i want to do . some of the things are surprisingly simple . ( drinking wine with the person i love ;) try stuff like yoga first and become more in touch with your body . you'll want to eat more healthily . also , try doing something constructive whenever you feel like eating when your not hungry . like ... i don't mean this to sound rude , but deep down , is it possible for an infp to have autism ? i mean this as more of a question , i thought infps would be the last to . social anxiety maybe , but not ... why not . those who don't want to don't have to participate . music :( :( :( :( i'm strong enough to be able to meet someone in person from online . when it comes down to it , it's not a big deal . you just have to be in the right frame of mind when you do it . i would actually like ... one day : amazon.co.uk : david nicholls : books match.com on the infp forum ! ! ! ;) lets create a dating thread :) sometimes i try to be too gooey on the outside so that people don't hurt me . ( hahaha just read that back and it sounded pathetic . ) ... :'( maybe i should rephrase it ... no , no ... were ... * some loud attention seeking-not funny exclamation / noise of immaturity * hermione ! ! ! oh and luna . snape in a way . i think what i mean is to be himself , let it known that he has a softer side but not to constantly be pining etc . :) because that heading into the teenage girl realm . i think its more to acknowledge ...