' i love this one , nice job ! ! can you evolve it even more ? make it a real challenge ? would love to see what your mind is capable to create . the question is tricky . there is atleast two answers that is logical depending on the depth of analyzying the question . i try to explain . why the answer yes is correct . there is two ... so here is the question . frank is married and he is looking at anne . anne is not looking at frank , she is looking at bob that is not married . bob is not looking at either frank nor anne . is a ... i always verify what people claims to be true . i can put in a good 3-4 hours into researching the impact of drinking aloe vera just because someone claims its good to drink . i never thrust any ... my best friend is an enfp and have been for over 20 years . he is very understanding of my special personality . he respects my blunt responses and doesnt juge me . he gives me comfort and ... ni connects the dots and gives you the answer now i know why i got that picture in my mind about the violent neighbourhood while listning to that song . i saw that gangsta movie last week and it had ... ykyaaintjw during some random event in day to day life you suddendly see the solution to a complex problem you have been processing for a long time . i rely on this to happen so much that i dont ... i try to talk like i am talking to a 3 - year old retarded kid . with very exact and precise formulations of every sentance i minimize the risk of people not understanding my point . i also very often ... you are most probably spot on correct with that answer . makes way more sence than the age difference . some arguments this war will never happen and if intj wins with no effort at all . 1 . the intj would come to an understanding with the entp long time before the war began . before the entp even ... there should exist statistical data to confirm heavy sunday activity on the forum . you could give one of the admins a email and ask for conformation . when people ask you how are you ? and you answer accordingly to your well developed plan to get people to stop ask you this specific stupid question . its working btw . i was not surprised at all when i heard about the attack . i was more intrigued and corious when i heard about the attacks . the low number of dead victims was a little bit surprising to me . i thought ... didnt clean my house for about a year ( not joking ) , looked liked a fucking nuke impact and smelled like shit . the name is missleading , it should be 2084 . thats all i have to say about this . nothing of what you have stated makes any sence at all to me . first of all define value to society . what do you want ? you want to find out if the statement scientists have the reputation of being ... when people mess with my plans . especially regarding plans that are already in motion . they se action a resulting in b ( they see b as a bad thing ) and then they are maxed out . what they never see ... physics . one of my co-workers is an intp female . the two of us are unbelivable efficient at solving problems together , there is no limits at all . whatever problem we put our heads into we solve beutiful . for ... im a master at flowcharts ! ! i use it much at work and i have even developed my own versions and adapt them to different needs . i work in automotive industry as a problem solver and organizer for ... all input into my mind through my senses is analyzed and tested unconsciously by a second me that works 24/7 . everytime this second me finds an interesting connection between things it sends a ... there is no such thing as democracy irl . drinking alone and watching auditions of bgt or similar stuff . i know no other method . on a day to day basis i use money for things like beer , movies and videogames instead of donating to unhcr . i act like this well understanding i could save lifes instead of buying beer . i know my ... soon to be a dead child my daugther is an entj ( 19 yo ) and we have discussed the differences alot . things different and similar . my plans are way more advanced and go deeper and have a longer time span . she creates plans ... test edit : didn't work . i reply to you without knowing how i am supposed to reply to your comment . i decided to reply in this strange way instead of not replying at all to ensure that my first answer was not interpretated ... at the office running into another intj me - hi there him looking at me and analyzing the situation . he replieds : hi me - im working on my social skills . interaction with humans are important ... if you made it so far as kissing you are in the hot zone . she has already decided its a go . her own data collection and processing regarding you are far far ahead of what you even could imagine ... ... when you inform the stakeholder of the workshop before it starts that we should cancel the whole thing because his / her manager will most likely call within an hour and cancel the whole thing ... howto ignore logic arguments for dummies - book maximus : im 40 years old . my assumption is based on personality and age . i predict that i am older than you , therefore i have a more complex password . my password is building like this first part ... without passion there is no prestige . the question is not suited for the intj area . try intp . i use very complex passwords ( several passwords based on a master complex password , ) , so complex that some websites doesn't accept my input . 26 signs in the longest version . is this an intj trait ... you are just not ready to understand . you are to young . one day you will look back on this thread and think i didn't have a clue . i have laughed so hard reading stuff in this thread , you guys are amazing ! my life is so boring compared to yours , its sad and completely true . i agree . it sounds just like that . gossip is an important source of data . my masterplan at work can not be implemented without input from analyzing gossip . when you are peeling an orange and you always want to complete it in one piece . me and my intp friend sms intj : humans in que at the store . i dont even . fu * k ! whole weekend fuck * d up . reply sms intp : humans . whole weekend fuck * d up . i always loose this kind of word games ... all real numbers can be located on the number line and marked with a dot . lets mark out 1 . no other real number other than 1 can occupy this unique place on the number line . when trying to mark out ... male : hannibal lecter female : ellen ripley e ^ x and a constant were walking down the street . suddenly , the constant notices a differential operator walking along the other side of the street . x93oh , no ! x94 exclaims the constant . x93ix92ve got to run ... yes its really my opinion . attraction to other humans , to connect , to feel equal , relaxed in they precence and learning from them is not just possible with certain kind of people . there is no ... power is defined as j / s ( joule / second ) somehow i know the answer is correct and also very wrong . pbc is one of the method used to prove that there exist infinitely many primes . very short and easy to understand . it looks imo to be a good idea to use the same method to prove that there exist ... dear intj masterminds , i truly belives that we are the perfect minds to prove / disprove the polignac's conjecture . before i lose all the intj minds that are not good at mathematics i just have to ... im male intj and find intp & intj women very attractive . 1 . intp women - fast , intelligent and absolutelly brilliant minds . intelligence is very sexy ... 2 . intj women - you don't have to ... update ! i did the following . i wrote an email to the plant manager and explained the situation . 2 hours later the hr manager approached me like a shamed dog and told me that we had to finish the ... '