' it's supported by studies . jojo 354 to be honest , i hesitated when posting that sentence and i didn't like it , either . but i wanted to emphasise the urgency of doing something as soon as possible . i think that taking action ... thanks for all the replies . i'm better today and expect to put in lots of productive time . sorry to hear of your plight ! hope things pick up for ya . oops ! lol ! sorry . :) you have no idea where i'm getting my advice from , so try not to assume my background , thanks . nor did i actually diagnose schizophrenia . i'm hardly going to do that over a message board , for ... i'm not totally sure what my personality type is , despite what it says over there <--- but i lived as an inpf for years , whether it was my natural type or not . i thought i'd add something to the ... a good author on aminos is julia ross . in no real order : spending time with family . spending time with friends . being outside , especially in the sun . being in nature , especially the beach or mountains . physical activity , like ... another option : who cares if they think something negative ? i'm happy anyway . i've also found that most of what i worry or stress about are things that are either in the future or the past . ... the key to not think about something is to think about something else . the more you tell yourself you're not going to do something the more you get drawn to it . find something else to fix your ... are you still sick ? that can have an enormous effect on you in so many ways . and if you mostly look normal , people will frequently just tell you to get on with life and stop stuffing around , though ... i am almost positive that your medication is causing your voices problem . you probably can't stop taking it cold turkey , but get yourself off it as fast as you can . unfortunately , what very few ... yep . . . . . i have lots to say , but it's late and i'm tired . remind me tomorrow and i'll see if i can help . :) you're welcome . i suggest you try to find brain entrainment therapy or audio downloads for boosting alpha waves and go from there . hopefully that will be a start . yep . i had a bad reaction to medications when i was 12 - ish and it changed my personality . trauma , medications , and physical injury can all change the brain and thus personality . did you get pills with that diagnosis ? if so , wean yourself the hell off them asap . well , i was gonna suggest going for a drive , but now . . . glad your day got better . i let myself get talked into buying two shirts i don't really want . :/ i think i'll return them later . i dislike doing both of those things . okay , it's somewhat ironic that i'm asking for help in a forum where i'm already spending too much time lately , but what the heck . ;) i used to love my job . well , parts of it , anyway . some ... you need a hug . :) actually , prank videos are some of my favourite humorous things . but only when they don't hurt people . a bit of discomfort , like getting wet , is no big deal ; life is full of discomfort . i think a ... what makes you happy in your life ? what made you happy as a kid ? what makes you unhappy in life ? write a list . share it here if you'd like more input . marijuana promotes alpha brain waves like little else , which is what gives that mellow mood vibe . there are other ways to get into this state that don't involve drugs , which i would recommend ... by the way , i did that test linked to in the other enfp ? thread and got these results : 35243 it's interesting how close ne and ni and fe and fi were . hmm . i'm still not sure what all that ... i think you're onto something there . it's really difficult to express yourself when you're doing it in a way that doesn't flow from your natural state of mind . it's hard to be authentic . and even ... i nearly cried when i realised how long the movie was . by the way , according to the books on this topic , if you are sanguine-melancholic or choleric-phlegmatic , you're messed up and have learned behaviours that are at odds with your natural personality . when and where i went to school we had math , sciences and english and that was about it . no psych studies or typing or anything like that . my parents pretty much forced me into math and science , ... you're a robot ? ! and here i was thinking you were a dog . man , you're just too much to keep up with . ;) yeah , it's oxytocin . you get it from all kinds of bonding behaviours , not just hugs . and it comes and goes . you won't hug someone and bond to them for life . otherwise people would never get ... i'm not into accessories , though i used to wear necklaces . i sometimes still do . but it's hard enough getting me to wear clothing at all , let alone other items . i never wear a shirt when i'm at ... i think it would be painful to pull them off . try removing them more slowly . i love communication of all kinds . :) incidentally , this is why i have a beef with twitter and facebook , because the communication has been broken down into superficial , self-promotional ... actually , i've realised that what i do most of is get all excited , or otherwise emotional , about something and then have to talk about it , even when i know better . then i regret it . so , it's not ... i'd make friends with the animals , talk to them , play with them , then eat them . you're welcome . i'm sorry to hear of your negative experiences , but glad you're getting better . if you ever do seek counseling , i very strongly recommend that you choose someone who uses cognitive ... entj ? people with much more knowledge about this stuff than myself will probably be along soonish to help you out . our threads have the same title and i thought this was mine ! you guys need to boost your alpha brain waves so you can relax at night . start winding down long before bed and do something not particularly exciting . don't read , don't be online , don't watch tv ... i've done the full original test from the books ( like this one ) and i've always gotten either sanguine or sanguine-choleric . i shoulda voted sanguine-choleric ! i woulda been the only one ! but i'm ... lol ! yeah , i'm a musician , but not a lyricist or a singer / rapper . i write music and need other people to write the rest . i've been involved in the fringes of the music industry and have met famous ... no prob . we've all been there , man . :) glad things are looking up ! i wrote out some tips for creativity already , though . you might find something useful in here . the thing with creativity is that you can't force it out . it's like ... 1 . what musical instruments do you play ? guitar , bass guitar and upright bass , drums , a bit of mandolin . 2 . did you take music lessons or teach yourself ? i taught myself , theory included . ... i'm actually a hamster . i gained the power of human speech last year . i made one of them myself ! ;) male privilege is a complete myth . i'm not lazy , i'm just selectively motivated ! well , i've read more . i read the ten stages of a depressed enfp , part of the socionics of enfps , the inferior function of enfps , and most of enfp childhoods ( i keep flipping back and forth to new ... '