' could we have a whole thread just on this ? ? is that sarcasm ? : wink : oh , nihm , infj is not the man who leads you to the cliff and bids you jump - - infj is the cliff . we're the soft ... if i remember correctly , in most of the fictional typings count dooku was one of the only characters typed infj and he was sith ( or dark side , if they're not the same ) . feeling , whether ... don't revoke his t card . he just got a little case of the feels , but there's ointment for that ! one of my two close friends is entp and his bum-outs are epic . sounds just like what you're going ... have you directly and lovingly told her that she has stick up her butt ? i've been told that before by looser people and it was far more enlightening than offensive . directness is always a win with ... a.mazing . your bullet points hit every single objection of mine too . i've been in various sales industries since graduating college and had varying degrees of success . during college , i worked ... i laughed when he face planted at : 25 and at the bus ! i also have not seen anything about that movie before now ! i laugh in movies when people get hit by buses / cars . idk why . first time it happened was in final destination in college , then meet joe black , and most recently in one day . and i'm not ... this is not really a door slam scenario , because really this guy isn't giving you anything to slam the door on . as i see it , you have two options . first , you can simply stop giving him ... often when there's no express question , people are just looking for someone to relate . my fiance and i have an esfp neighbor and she is shameless . i can totally understand ... this is where you need to understand and focus on ni + fe , rather than just fe for him . sort of emotionally perceptive and emulative , but filtered through introverted intuition which to some degree ... pixie heard me laugh at this from downstairs . well done ! from jungian type theory to world of warcraft tanking theory , this thread has it all . welcome ! oooohhh , i just thought it was a pet name ! still , i did say most and i stand by abba . it sounds to me like you're heading in the right direction with him . for me in particular , fe shows up by taking in the emotions of another person , or the posturing , and mimicking them back . ... dear ningsta kitty , fortunately , i'm a huge abba fan because most of your dear subject posts lately leave me humming : sincerely , you didn't make it easy , but i found the thread this refers to . freaking hilarious . i think that's very astute ! not only in this dialogue , but in all things i look for the commonality . to me , it honors the undeniable connection that we are all human and we are all in this ... yes ! i can't mentally separate them into seasons , because i watched all 95 episodes online , but i remember in episode 35 , kenshin meets misou ( sp ? ) of the oni wa ban group on his way to kyoto and ... i'm sorry i've taken so long to reply . i've taken a break from perc lately , because , aside from this thread , it hasn't been very interesting . and as for this thread , while i really appreciate the ... i just got done watching the whole ruoni kenshin series , which i looked up because i've read of kenshin as an infj archetype . princess mononoke was my first anime movie and i really enjoyed it . sounds just like my addict dad used to be before he hit bottom . he's still a fear-shackled istj , but at least he sees himself and the consequences of his decisions clearly now . to answer your ... saw the thread title , saw the creator's name , knew it was an entp . anyway , there are several other types who hang around these boards a lot . i think it has a lot to do with that their forum ... that giant wall of text rings about as true as the pua pop-up ad , to me . maybe it's that picking don draper as your screen name colors how i read everything else you say . don't get me wrong , i ... i think i just found the inspiration for my next avatar ... ah cops . i hate cops , but mostly because of the ones i know unprofessionally ! most of the ones that have ever stopped me have been decent to me ! couple stories : first , in high school my ... i don't see how anybody could hate anne hathaway . she's not ultra-popular , she's certainly not talent-less and she's freaking adorable . she's what lindsey lohan could have been with better parents ... i would have to say i just feel it in my head . i think what i experience really is best described as just knowing and in the past i've forced that through logic or feeling filters and then used ... a ) i'm annoyed that i can't remember your type from the posts i read where it wasn't random . entp ? ? b ) oh most anywhere . there's actually a new girl on the dear subject , sincerely infj thread ... well it sounds like you're pretty clear on your mis-steps , so i would write this girl off as a learning experience and resolve to do better with the next . and maybe leave out the mbti until you've ... what kind of interaction was in the prior emails ? typically reflection doesn't need to happen from an initial email interaction . just wasting time at work , playing with infinite loops and junk . 67714 not irrelevant at all . aquarian and i are just talking about our individual world views , and you're welcome to join in too ! i don't know all that much about mormonism , but i'm open to learning ... pixie 85 showed me the following picture last night and told me the bottom ring would suit her fine . i couldn't find her anywhere when i finally stopped laughing ... ... person : my tenant who cannot manage to pee into the toilet , and regularly pees all over the floor around it . i have another tenant who apparently likes to do his business in a different bathroom ... when i read that i take it to mean turning the fe off . so you interact with people based solely on ni or ni-ti . you basically just stop reading how you're making them feel , which is essentially to ... so far , it has not lead me astray ! and just for the sake of clarity , when i say gut i'm talking about what i perceive as my intuition . that sense of just knowing . i don't think we're ... i believe i understand where you're coming from now . nothing else is coming to mind at the moment to say about this particular subject , but it may be because i've been racking my brain over how to ... i'll be changing my screen name to dreamwalker 5881 thanks to this little gem ! ... or perhaps walker 5881 of the immaculate inception ? ? yes , yes that sounds loverly . 6w5 here too , and i ... aye , there's the rub ! ( in bold ) when i talk about guilt , at least in what i was talking about above , i was assuming we could both see it as a natural feeling resulting from a wrong doing , free of ... when i mentioned before that i feel like you and i see the same world but use different language to describe it , what you've described above is an example of what i mean . it could be me not fully ... i suppose i am and so i did ! here's the link where i've replied ( or will reply if you beat me there ): ... i'm creating this thread to continue a conversation with that we began on the does the word sin bother you ? thread which threatened to derail the topic . we have been talking ... i'm sorry if i stated the obvious , truly . it's just that you paint this picture of yourself as a social pariah , and yet i've read other posts by you on these forums and never once thought you were a ... i hope you people give me some good suggestions ! i've seen a lot of kung fu movies but there are a lot out there i haven't seen ! my favorites are the old japanese samurai movies . first and ... where you said , how can we have a view of the world if we must forsake all views that may offend someone or conflict with their beliefs ? i just took her to be asking for acceptance of her view as ... i took her to be asking for acceptance rather than abandon , personally . i narrowed this down to where i see some obvious problems . to be very blunt , you're complaining a lot and not doing very much to improve your situation . you clearly see the problem , you see what's ... you're welcome ! i was confident from our other interactions that you could pick up on it . i totally agree . you'll find that the concept of original sin varies among christians based on ... i can see that , and it wasn't my intention . really i was just trying to be funny with the whole asshole analogy . if i could ask you though , when you say you don't have sins what do you mean ? i ... '