' : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : : blushed : ... i just slept around one and a half hours during the whole night . this is going to be a fun day at school . today i was alone at home when suddenly the doorbell rang . i decided that if it's important the person ringing the doorbell would ring it again , otherwise i wouldn't go check who there is . the ...  this made me think about one of the worst ( or one of the best , depending on the point of view ) ways of telling your family member that they have cancer . assuming of course you have somehow managed to ...   yesterday evening i started watching hellsing ultimate for the first time . it was also my first time experiencing this franchise . today the first thing i read on this forum was this : i'm currently watching cowboy bebop for the first time and so far i'm liking it a lot . i have edited the subtitles a little to make them look better in some instances , because why not . this ... i raise you with  thanks to i have been playing with inspirobot for the last hour . here are some of my favorite ones so far . ...  i present you the official finnish dub of the first 26 episodes of digimon adventure . ( the title says agapio racing team's stiffest dubbing moments . ) ... what about that's welcome ? why shouldn't we ignore this question ? what's so important about it ? i don't think you and my sister would get along well . at least , when eating in the same room . my first thought when reading let's play a game thread's title . 687354      i'm late , as usual . nevertheless , happy birthday pifanjr ! i have the opposite problem . i need to gain 40 pounds to get to the ideal weight of my height . i have lack of thoughts of food in spite of stomach signals , i guess i'm just used to igoring my feeling ... if you haven't already , i would suggest checking out gog.com , the only fully drm-free digital game distributor in the world . there aren't really many new aaa-titles there , mainly because big game ... yeah , usually i don't . although , i don't always sit when listening to music , i often do it while standing . i like to immerse myself in the music while listening to it . i don't really like doing ... yes there are , unless i don't really exist , in which case there might not be any . yes . that or i have been speaking a fake language my whole life . actually , that would be kind of cool . that's finnish women for you . finland , where women flash to cows , but not to you !  1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? if 1 is i'm hoping to die alone ! hooray ! and 10 is omg will this endless waiting ever be over ? it's all i think ...  that wouldn't make me feel loved . there , your waiting is finally over . you can get on with your life now . no need to thank me . welcome to the club . you have done all that in 5 months ? i haven't done even close as many things in the past 5 years . so , i wouldn't call you a hot mess , i would call you a hot accomplisher . i like to watch livestreams on twitch . i actually watch them almost every day nowadays . i like the live interaction with the steamer and chat , and that is pretty much almost all the social ... unless we act swiftly and cunningly make some other group pay for it . i suggest the entps , simply because they still need to pay for their invasion . behold , the great wall of text has returned ! it was from neither of them , at least not on purpose . but nevertheless , the wisdom of yoda strong with me is . only by getting to know yourself can you truly get to know someone else . in here finland the valentine's day is called the friend's day and we celebrate it by remembering our friends . it's not really associated with that romantic love nonsense as in the us and many other ... procrastination . i'm most likely not going to finish my current studies all thanks to procrastination . so , i decided to watch brotherhood again , because why not . i have watched the first four episodes so far and i continue my marathon after i've gotten some sleep . i should be finished by the end of ... this video should explain everything . i feel the urge to watch fullmetal alchemist : brotherhood again for the fourth or fifth time . it's one of my favorite series i've watched so far and i have watched it every year since i first ... i managed to read the starting post , so i try to inform you and anyone else who is interested to know what this thread was about . the op worked with this woman for months and he started liking ... '