' i meant that you are trying to tell us to type einstein as ili in a socionics forum because tellionics says einstein is ili . they are different branches from the same trunk , and no the link is not ... yes , the idea that inxjs and enxps will be more intuitive than both inxps and enxjs is kind of dumb in general . even the function model ( which i happen to not like ) was set up by myers so that ... ah i found it quickly anyway , didn't end up typing too many of the characters . i find it interesting how we have the enfj and esfp flipped , but i don't remember either character particularly well . ... my memory of it is pretty bad , i personally just remember being between both ixtj types for him and never really questioning the rest ( except perhaps e ) because it seemed pretty obvious . i can tell ... he's not true to jung , but being true to jung in function descriptions for these 4 - function mbti stacks is not a desirable thing , because in order for the stacks to describe people who relate to the ... so you ’ re openly rejecting socionics functions , yet still trying to tell us how to type people in socionics ? what is the endgame here ? you keep bringing up things that have nothing to do with ... the only way you really get that as a defining trait is if you equate ili to intj ( which it isn't ) , and then start describing mbti j stuff or definitions of ni outside of socionics . everyone goes ... mr . castelo i thought toshio ozaki was a clear-cut tj type , what gives you intp ? and now you bumped a 9 month old thread : crazy : i don't like typing by quotes but ... sounds like something anyone could say . what does it have to do with ni specifically ? seems pro-perception , as in don't try too hard for specific things ... do you even read what you write before you click the post button ? is some deep visionary concept getting in the way of processing reality ? yep , disconnected ideas , not the same level of depth ... just to add on , the actual lone voices in the wilderness don't market themselves as such . they actually are the real deal , and that is why they remain lone . manson is an image projector , a ... the point is not that this kind of person doesn't rely on their internal vision , but rather that such a thing is not by any means exclusive to them . as for mm , i don't see a strong , stable ... all i see here is mystifying ni with this vision concept as if it's some sort of third eye that other people just could never possess . 2 eyes and ni : ... what does ni user even mean to you here ? and what about mm makes him one ? what is this supposed to infer about their mbti type , that they can't be xntp ? this is a fallacious mess . you don't ... einstein wasn't a ti first type ( lxi ) , but you can't just make up stuff about the scientific method and leave ti out of it . in fact , prioritizing such a method is a sign of a t-dominant type . shouldn't extroverted feeling should actually accept objective ( as in of the masses feeling ) more as-is , while extroverted perception is the kind of function that would seek to manipulate it ? from ... ne i think as a brute generalization , 6 ' s are more about taking direct actions to feel secure while 5 ' s feel like understanding the core truth behind something holds personal value in itself . thus , 6 ' s ... if you followed myers's convoluted logic for putting ni on top for inxjs , you probably wouldn't be saying they are more dominant ( conventional sense ) in intuition than inxps . you should do pr ... your entire post reads like please type me as a 9 , to the point where i question if you were writing it with descriptions of nines in mind . however , regardless of that aspect i don't know how i ... probably 1 , maybe 6 , definitely not 5 or 8 . people who believe 2 are smoking something really strong . to be quite honest i don't know why you are even considering 9 . even the things you describe for 9 seem more 5 than 9 , especially with how 9 ' s seek comforting thoughts while you seem to prioritize ... not sure what you are arguing against . nobody is saying einstein is intj , because this is a socionics forum not an mbti one . intj / lii is more resolute than intp / ili and especially entp / ile . it's really , really hard to imagine einstein as leading with a thinking function . he seems very much like an intuition-leading scientist , which would mean ilx most likely . he wasn't nearly as ... stevester aus 2020 as stjs what do you think of the possibility of her being estj ? it's the only non-esfj type that i could buy . she seems to have this sort of way of not really looking at people ... what is cognitive function theory anyway ? what is the hypothesis and how do we go about testing it ? why should we be using it to give people mbti types ? i don't have anything against people ... why not isfj ? he didn't seem to be laid back like i would expect of a ixfp , and his focus also seemed to be more in the direction of sensing than intuition . isfx types can be quite poetic , often ... only ni-doms are capable of having a vision , so it makes sense . yeah , light is extremely j in every sense , it's just that those qualities lead him to be a j-dom in socionics . even if you type him as te first which i disagree with in that interpretation . he's ... l can't really be lii in my opinion because he's too sporadic with his attention and synchronizes with an internal flow ( pi ) rather than an internal structure ( ti ) . he only takes on cases that he ... wisteria , i'm afraid you misread what i said . i said light was istj ( lsi ) , and even listed out the functions ti and se in his ego block . lelouch probably intp ( ili ) which would be ni and te ego ... someone mentioned the possibility of esfj to me . while i disagree with that ( i think he's estj ) i still sorta see where they are coming from . he's not really guided by logic much at all . he's ... dracobane i am pretty sure that his main gripe against misa was her complete lack of meticulousness . she was simply not putting her due diligence and effort into this task of utmost importance . ... dracobane alassea telrunyaa in terms of functions , light has to be a judging dominant . what else makes sense ? it's his decisive black-white judgment of morality alongside being handed god powers ... it seems hard to make a character more estj than katsuki yet neither of you typed him as such ? the problem with that is he doesn't seem to be constantly trying to achieve any particular goal , as shown by his lazy , somewhat complacent behavior . i think he has a very low desire to control , ... huh , so he looks at situations and predicts outcomes so he's intj , despite all the obvious p traits about him ? yes even though he is a perceiver ... wow he tried something which involved getting ... no , he is probably more istp though . no type ( intj included ) implies a magical power of knowing what will happen . he's mainly aimless and unfocused living day-to-day , and that is how he prefers ... motoko's 1995 movie character is istp , but is very intuitive in sac , probably due to puppetmaster ( intx ) . she's like the improvisational brains of the crew , entertaining a bunch of theories ( a ... what else would she be ? intj ? i don't see it . she seems pretty clearly intp to me . episode 18 of lwa update : constanze ( the inventor that i said was xntp ) is actually intj which is not clear at all until this episode . croix is seeming more like she can be introverted herself , ... good point . i don't think she's n because she's clumsy though . it's more like she is always looking at impossible stuff and trying to make it happen in a really idealistic sort of mindset . i think ... xcopy i think your argument against intj is more like an argument against him being n , without much else . and of course i'd agree with you there , as i think he is istj . sensing can lead one to be ... i am fairly certain that madison is intp and jefferson is intj . jefferson seemed ridiculously more conscientious , as would be expected of a judger . as someone already mentioned here , the intense , ... ... because he's not f and not p . as a child sure but that's not the person he became . can we talk about it here though ? ... to those suggesting to look at functions rather than the test : why ? is the implied binary factor of ti-fe-ishness vs . fi-te-ishness more robust , and therefore more useful , than letters , in the face ... we're using different systems here . jung came up with the 8 types ( extraverted thinking type , etc ) , and the 4 functions ( t , f , n , and s ) , which acted as most of the foundation of mbti . i ... there was a study that gave people function orders and 1 in over 500 actually matched an ordering that fit one of the typical function stacks , which is actually 5 times rarer than if one just ... he's not istj because he lives in the past . he's istj because he's i , s , t , and j . although he is close perhaps to as esi ( fi + se ) in socionics although lsi ( ti + se ) still is quite a better fit , ... '