' gosh i just love us enfps . i can second almost everything you say . yes i think we love knowing them so well that we know how they think / feel / react :-) being in love with a best friend is both ... oh , sad to hear that .. :( it is also very similar to my experience . hm .. it seems to me that when we enfp fall in love for real , its really deep .. the next time you and i fall in love , it will be ... oh this sounds exactly like me .. why are fantasy worlds so awesome ? : happy : oh hell ! ! ! you describe it so well , and although its so frustrating with istps it's frustrating in an extremely sexy way . is it just we enfps who love them , or is it any istps out there who love us ... oh , sorry , i was answering to someone else .. im a newbie . ill try again . i have just read the sevens sisters by lucinda riley , and loved it . it's a creative adventure , with exciting characters . one of my best friends is an entp , and i love love love her :) she is creative , intelligent , smart , funny , carefree , spontaneous , everything i love ! ! although i need more affection than her , shes ... hmm , favorite thing to do alone .. be in nature , swim , or , the favorite , daydream :D mostly i daydream about romance and love , but also about future careers , projects , stuff to tell people , future ... oh , my dad is actually and intp ! and to tell the truth , although i love him , i think it can be quite challenging . but also , when we do have those good moments together were we understand each ... oh , im so sad to hear that :( sending you a warm hug ! also thank you for sharing you insight . actually i haven't really seen the link between not being able to be vulnerable around others , to having ... oh thank you guys ! :D blue soul : i guess i just forgot the forum for a while .. and then i have actually been very sick for one and a half year ( had an accident where i hit my head ) , but finally i ... hello dear enfp people :) i'm typical for enfp when it comes to romance , i fall in love with everything and anything , i'm crazy for romance , but when it comes to fall in love for real , not just ... gosh its been 3 years .. now i'm back on the forum :D where do we find you ? ^ ^ tried to delete post 1 ) explore ! ! ! and be loved :) i think i prefer to give pleasure , and tease the partner , but when i receive i want it to be gentle and romantic ^ ^ i love this thread ! were do i find an infj lover ? ? : happy : i'm sorry it didn't work out ! you seem like an amazing man to me ! :) and to me , part of being an enfp spirit is the belief that the freedom of different lifestyles is so important . although i guess ... with an enfp , don't take it personal if we use some time to reply . it's just how we are . also , it's not so easy to know when an enfp is in love , because we are so warm and flirty with everyone ... i agree with being very extroverted ( ne ) and sometimes very introverted ( fi ) . sometimes i shock myself completely , being the most quiet person , and sometimes i shock myself for opposite reasons , ... cinna : infj katniss : istj peeta : enfj hello , welcome ! :D my father is an intp :) hope you'll like it here ! wow , thanks for reading my thoughts :D * sends a lot of understanding * thanks a lot :) no i wasn't i was apologizing for not understanding what you meant with intro ( i'm not english ) , but seems like i got it correct :D originally posted by juliarhys lovelypink are you upset because people are judging you or are you upset that people want a straightforward answer you refuse to give ? muchaparadox : i didn't ... thanks :) i don't use much energy on being offended , i'm just a bit tired of people not accepting that i can't answer them the way they want to . but the people who hang around me for a while quickly ... here is the thing : i was moving in with someone who by drinking meant drinking very much every week , and who already assumed me to be a christian anti-alcoholic while i was more alternative in ... in my exampels i meant that i were upset because people expected me go give straightforward answers , but i guess i also felt that they had judged me in a certain way before i answerd . if you get what ... what you wrote in the first post is exactly how i feel . thank you for putting it into words . you have a point , i didn ’ t mean that all judging was bad . but yes , i am probably a lot younger than you , ... hm , i was a bit unclear in my first post , i'll start answering now :) huiwcleon : thanks a lot , i'll keep you updated ! thanks a lot , i'll keep you updated ! i love the entj i know , but at the same time he can be so immature . i don't think he is an healthy entj yet . sometime he would be easy , other times impossible , shutting all hos good sides of being ... one in politics ( enfp ) on at school ( infp ) , one at a disco ( entp ) :) okay , so this is a known sentence describing the enfp . i know it counts for me . so i thought we could discuss in which ways we have felt this way :) for example , if someone ask me if i'm a ... yes , mobile messages . hm , so you wouldn't make an exception if it was someone you liked ? and if you prefer phone i guess that goes for people you know a bit ? what do you feel about text messages ? for example , if someone you didnt know that well texted you to hang out , how would you react ? are you the type who always answer them , or the ones who easily ... wow , poor you ... i don't understand how he could leave you alone in that way / not checking how you were when you dissapeared . i'm very concerned about making sure everyone of my friends have someone ... my little sister is an istj , and i know that she don't always manage to meet my emotions . i used to get upset about it , but now i don't expect her to give affirmation in the way that i do . when she ... i write poems , dance , sing , , walk , listen to music , go into my fi end let myself just lie there . then i contact someone . smile at us , listen to what we say ( since we talk a lot more than you do ) and ask an interesting question about something you know we care about . i would love this . a spontaneous , exciting ... thank you for helpeful insight and advice . about the green light , you are totally right . what would you recommend ? okay , thank you . it sounds logical . about the politics , great . ( not for you of course , i understand . ) one worry less . and about the flirting ; exactly ! isn't that what this thread is about ? :D ... what about us ? thanks for the wonderful answers . ( no , just anything , but the sentence about a person's mind was amazing . ) what is romantic to you ? how do you deal with crying people ? how do you deal with it ... that you aslo don't want grades to devide what to learn ? but in the end , do you learn what the grades says you should ( sorry , a weird formulation but you get my point ) or what you want to learn ? :) oh hell , this was amazing . i loved every word . it sounds likely that you have this side because an enfp is the perfect person to fill these needs . i look after the same thing . i might open more ... thanks for welcoming me so friendly everyone :) success to me is to inspire others to bring out their potential , and to have inspiration that help me take out my potential :) to be free and loved with the ability to love . to change things for the ... wow , thanks for this wonderful answer :D it made me really hopeful . mabye i will find the courage to visit him soon . but if i did , could i say that i've been wanting to talk to him at school but ... '