' i am sure it has nothing to do with the abuse she put her body through with years of drug abuse , much more likely to blame a shadow conspiracy . we have a social aspect here ? pepsi clear for the win ! ! ! illegal immigrants should be tagged before being sent back over the border . there should be a flat tax across all income brackets . enough of this tax the rich more shit ! if you are on welfare , ... do i actually have to enter something , or can i just win with my general awesomeness ? impressive out of 94 posts ( 95 counting this one ) there are less thn 10 that actually deal with what the op was asking about . i expecially liked how th op was flirting with ontother member for ... having been a former mod , and looking at some of the closed threads that you mentioned , it looks loke they were closed due to the threads deteriorating into a troll-fest . there is at least 2 threads ... blackberry ftw no , being that i think mutatio nomenis is below the legal age of consent , and a he , but if he was born a bit earlier , and female , then possibly : confused : rogue eagle is also male and therefore ... i am currently working at developing the groundwork for a long lasting financial empire my suggestion would be to lay off the pot while looking for a job , that way you know you will pass i despise repetition , i have a huge library of books and movies , so thankfully i avoid repetition in that area . eating the same thing for lunch every day , or unfortunately at work we tend to have the ... there are several things you should consider at when trying to determine an agreeable rate for your services . as a live in nanny , will your duties remain the same , or will they no include ... well that's what i get for assuming primary : m16 - it is a reliable weapon with decent stopping power against soft targets secondary : h & k usp tactical . 45 - excellent close quarter stopping ... primary : mini chain gun , for mowing down anything that is moving secondary : flame thrower , because sometime you just want to hear them scream melee : chainsaw , just for the hell of it kit : extra ... intelligent , opinionated , and sexy . you can send a pm to a moderator or admin to have your account retired for a set amount of time i keep my head clean shaven , it is easy maintenance this is the first i heard about his death , so while trying to get more information , all i was able to find where some short stories . at least now though people can look up to him . i was just wondering what memorial day means to you , as a veteran myself , it seems the respect for our service men and women in this country is lagging , and taken for granted . for example there is a ... i could be mistaken , but aren't plants living things also ? and think of how they are treated . kept in hot rooms , doused with water , covered in manure even ! ! ! oh the horror : tongue : welcome to the forum , enjoy yourself , learn a bit , and meet some interesting folks . and then get in line to take over the world . to the o . p , if you like the colt 1911 style , check out kimber , they make really good quality weapons . ak's are fine too , but the problem is that they have many crappy ones out there as well , like ... i am offshore working currently , so i might not be able to get it , but thanks for the heads up i hate reading these so called news stories from these crack pot papers with no journalistic responsablity . the oil spill is as bad as it is being made out on the news , no worse , and definitely no ... we butt heads constantly , as we are both entj's , but as long as we live a few states away from each other we get along great . congratulations on graduating , and on the birthday . so we get to have a perc spanking party now right ? i enjoy the game , never got into hard core raiding , more casual fun , but r / l does take priority , and it is hard to be a parent of small children and raid , or stay up all night raiding , then go to ... if i remember correctly their is a prototype pair of sunglasses that are supposed to do much of the same as the device in this demonstration . the key difference is that they actually have a working ... i used to play , but got tired of it , i occasionally log back in , and keep my account active so cute , wonder what they taste like i just installed voice dictation software on my computer so i can format his responses without having to type this fixes my five words per minute typing speed . dont forget the thong poking out of the top of the harem pants i dont do the hand thing , but i do know some introverts that do , so i am not sure that it is a good tell for mbti type . could always try hunting any excuse to buy more guns they are not that pronounced yet , but in a few years they may be i tend to have racing stripes on the side of my head when i let my hair grow out a bit many , many , oh dear me many moons ago , i was give the best advice i was ever to receive . like many youth , i did not realize the value of this advice until years later , but it has always stuck with ... well you could always try something like this pretty sure the sheets wont come off , and you will stop tossing and ... none taken , its fun arguing with you while you are here : crazy : why would we need to ask you more questions , you have over 1k posts on the board , are active in vent , and are outspoken about your feelings well if it helps you out , al gore has a houseboat , with big honking diesel generators . just wondering where you got this little tidbit of information from , as a former marine myself , i have never heard of any of this . i do not see how he can be solid in his type , i remember the conversation in vent when he was trying to fig out what he was , and decided to be an entj . i do not know enough about mbti to start ... i have noticed a few members of this board changing there type to entj , to fit there self conceived notions of being a leader . in the long run it is not worth the effort to try to correct these ... the trick is to kill the person in such a damaging and deranged way that the other family members would never dream of trying to find you , in fact they have nightmares of you finding them . personally , i tend to work better under stressful situations , and i start to feel agitated if i am not under stress for a period of time . ninja'd show me a pink lamborghini just in case you decide to follow through on this , i can make the silencers and modify the barrel for the firearm of your choice . just saying '