' wow ... i guess a lot of yall have just been really lucky via parents ... thank you missed connections this hit me so hard / left me feeling kind of breathless . my dad fits their description of the ... i'm 21 turning 22 on easter sunday bc i'm actually jesus . how interesting , everyone on the whole appears to be much older than i initially assumed they would be , i suppose infps truly are eternally ... dear everyone listen to this band if you existed in the 1990s and have an appreciation of its rock nd roll : blushed :: bored :: confused :: mellow : never stop educating yourself ! ! learn learn learn learn learn all of the time as much as possible . also read lots of books , in my experience they teach you about life more than actual people ever can ... i don't really have any advise except i feel you , and relate to this so much too ... for me , i just try to rationalize to myself that the negativity / the abyss of how i'm feeling now has more to do ... this is so dumb , why are ___ so ___ ! ! ! who knows why every single person who identifies under this category acts exactly the way you are describing in such a vague and reductive manner ! perhaps ... it's really sad because i can let people into my life when i have complete control over the situation and i'm able to decide how i'm going to act and be able to interact with them without feeling ... i see ' small talk ' as best used as a device that helps you break the ice with people initially when you want to first start talking to them , but definitely is not my go-to for conversation and under ... in relation to the term cool as a social status i see it as just another badge to mark social acceptance or something . from the outsiders perspective , something perceived as cool is simply swimming ... i don't see myself as actively ' holding a grudge ' towards anyone , for me at least in relation to people who cause me deep negative emotional feelings , it is usually a steady seething resentment that ... i'm fairly certain that if you see yourself as someone with intense emotional depth or ability to understand abstract ideas - both trade marks of infp-ness - then you of have inherent ability to be ... i'm not sure , i don't think what i feel about the emotional states of others is empathy per say because it is not me actively trying to understand from their perspective and feel an affinity with ... not sure how old u are and dont want to get all preachy but im an asshole so i will anyway so just wanna say i think its kind of immature to base a persons perceived worth on the foundation of their ... i'm pretty sure i know what you mean when you say hardship and stress . for me at least it is usually all entirely self-inflicted , although not intentionally . i'm way too oversensitive to my ... such a cliche millennial generation answer , but the harry potter series probably has shaped who i have become in some most likely very profoundly problematic way and is now a significant part of my ... there's a difference between feeling like you have an inability to have a relationship because you have never done it before and it feels awkward and embarrassing ( this is universal with all humans i ... my dad's an intp and we get along really well / have really good conversations , but also i have some deep emotional scaring via him not knowing how to show affection without mocking me my entire ... * shrug * i agree with you op , and identify with your feelings of alienation 100 % but honestly why is it so important to feel desired in the first place ? i have found that being in the worst ... i'm not 25 + i'm 21 , but i feel this with my own parents even now and towards my mother at least it is comforting because when i was growing up she played such an oppressive and restricting role in my ... i didn't go to prom , instead i drove two states over to see a boy i was in a long distance relationship with at the time ... also i was a complete mess of emotions in high school so if someone tried ... i agree with the apprehension to diagnose yourself although i find myself identifying with a lot of disordered traits . but why add useless and anxiety inducing labels to your life if they aren't ... i shall begrudgingly vote not bad but i withdraw the smiley face . although really shy and spacey , i would say i was a pretty normal kid with a pretty normal childhood right up until puberty hit . i ... i get stressed out really easily and whenever i acknowledge the fact that i have to graduate from college in the spring and still have no future plans / job i start seeing black spots in my ... im fine thank you for sharing , i deleted all of my previous emotional vomit of a question because it was all just me being upset in the moment and didn't even make sense . sometimes i forget that a ... blah ok i'm taking a feminist political theory class this semester so i am going to vomit feminism all over this post right now but augh this kind of shit seriously makes me miserable ... women ... aughhh constantly . this was probably why i turned out as crap as i have to be honest ... i'm too easily influenced by things that grab me in the gut - if you know what i mean ? it's hard to explain , ... this is such a huge problem of mine too , actually just recuperating from a minor panic attack right now because i'm visiting my parents and suddenly realized the depth of my relationship with them is ... ^ ^ me rn ... edlc o dang you beat me to it does anyone listen to kendrick lamar ? i really liked good kid maad city , and his lyrics seems pretty infp-esq to me . his whole vibe centers around being part of a culture which he silently resents ... feel like discomfort with superficial social interaction probably has more to do with being an introvert than anything else , although someone with fi is probably more likely to be deeply affected by ... lil b : super inspiring yall i feel like i'm getting better with this , but had serious issues around ages 18-20 when i first started college and was incredibly nihilistic and unhappy with myself / situation , would sometimes throw ... 219010 cool pic of me eating a gerbil named franklin ( jk didn't eat him ) ) ) it is a definite turn on / turn off thing for me , i know some people who see me as really charming and bubbly and entertaining almost to an obnoxious level , and then there are others who have yet to ... i have serious issues with this too and i'm also a 21 yr old girl and all i can say is i'm really sorry that you have to go through this because i know how much it hurts to not be able to accept love ... ( 1 ) the smiths / morrissey is probably infp-ness personified . those lyrics ! ! ! 111 i wear black on the outside because black is how i feel on the inside or if i seem a little ... how do i deal with conflicts ? very poorly most of the time via pretending problems don't exist through escapism in unhealthy coping mechanisms ie food , sleeping , substance abuse , netflix or dropping ... if it's someone i'm just starting to get to know i usually just ask them zillions of questions about themselves kind of instinctively i don't know why . also tend to go on impassioned rants about ... ~ hopefully finishing my two degrees next spring and not giving up completely before then due to overwhelming stress and anxiety ~ moving far away from new york city after i graduate , preferably to a ... definitely blue pill , i would say i have a decent grasp of the english language and still find myself unable to communicate with most english speaking people ... music is the best language 4 sho ... don't see my outward appearance as in anyway representative of how i ever feel inside . wish i wasn't such a coward so i would shave my head and dye my eyebrows purple , then people wouldn't be all ... whateverlolawants thank you i actually feel much better now after reading that ! i didn't even think to blame the therapist , i have a tendency not to trust my own opinion on most things which is ... i am 100 % sure there have been multiple threads in this vein , but would really like new perspectives / directed towards * me * : crazy : because i am currently in desperate need of perspective from people i ... i'm passive when it comes to things i don't care about , unfortunately in recent times it seems as if everything in my entire life has somehow found its way under this category which is kind of ... yes / among many other anxieties ... : bored : developed mostly from being stuck in depressed isolation all throughout high school , now i'm 21 and have a prescription for adderall which like alcohol ... don't really know how to get emotionally close to people anymore tbh , just have had so many miserably uncomfortable / deadening experiences with people that i had loved / wanted to get close to now the ... i understand your sentiments so completely in this and am currently going through a variation of the same experience although i usually quit my jobs first before they get around to firing me because ... definitely fearful avoidant , ( thanks emotional iceberg parents ) definitely trying to work on it somehow , but shit is tough when your support system exists entirely as a sadistic interior ... '