' leslie : enfj ann : esfj apirl : infp tom : estp ron : istj andy : enfp jerry : isfp donna : estj chris : enfj ben : intj does anyone else think ann is an e ? i really don't think she is an i . she likes to talk and wants to talk and connect with people . slytherin i think this is evil and pathetic . sharing how to emotionally control others ? seriously , what is wrong with you ? i hate my life and everyone around me . i got like 128 ( i know it was high twenties ) when i took it in high school . i haven't taken one since then and that was when i was 17 so i don't know now . and my bf won't tell me his ... probably ... either really sweet and sincere or complete jerks that make me cry . would you date an s ? isfj , istp , estj , entj , intj i apologize , i guess i shouldn't have said anything . i didn't say whether or not i agreed with everything he sang about or not . what i'm not allowed to think someone is attractive ? geez loiuse . grace alone my friend . yes i did . i listened to all the videos posted . so there . that doesn't change the fact that i don't know enough to determine his type ... but i can say that i find him very attractive because i don't ... i don't know enough to determine what he is but i think he is so hot . what are you saying ? ... has nothing to do with that actually ... just what i said . he does make me laugh but not as much as my intp friend . 1,000 gifts , a loving life and extravagant grace . i am frustrated that you feel like you won . but in fact i didn't answer what you wanted me to so hah ! whatever you say :-) i didn't answer your question really ... but glad you are satisfied . i would definitely have sex with that sexy fireman . i don't like being told what to do , so no . i am supposed to be working , but checking emails and chatting on pcafe . riiight . i'm so scared ! ! holy crap ... i might reconsider : tongue : so demanding ... i don't respond well to demanding . i'll answer it when i want to : tongue : so would i have sex with the fireman who wants to do it doggy style or would i have sex with the person above me , as in you ? i am not an intp but i feel i can relate to a lot of what you are saying ... so i don't think it's just an intp thing that you are prone to anxiety and depression . i don't believe that is based on ... hahahaha i completely agree with you on this . i last ate a chocolate fudge brownie ... very tasty but not very satisfying . i'm quite hungry still . not if they wanted to do doggy style . i think that seems kind of degrading . sorry :-/ my boyfriend is an istp :-) . also the happiest most up beat and peppy person i know is an entj . thank you . asian ? hm never got that before . i have gotten mediterranean though . i am colombian . bahahaha ! too much work . you can look at my picture on my profile if you are that curious . i got that . no worries . i wasn't . i was just pointing out you are not as grossed out by me as you pretend . i know you think i'm gorgeous . : wink : that means ... ? i disgust you ! or i'm killing you ? yes . but only because i am picturing a fireman . also , traditional style because i'm old fashioned like that . : wink : ok for men ... intp , entp , istp . women ... enfp or enfj ... isfj ... intj if actually cared what some random entp thought of me , based on some arbitrary list of attributes or opinions that have nothing to do with measuring or determining a persons intelligence . hmm yes usually when people are mistreated or being disrespected i get very angry on that person's behalf ... also when i feel as though i am being mistreated or disrespected . also events that are ... hahahaha this is great ! my istx bf is very blunt and stoic and sometimes i can mistake this for him being mean but really he is not trying to hurt my feelings , it's just how he communicates . he has ... intp i know you are not asking for advice in this department but i think alot girls like to be pursued :-) . makes us feel like we were worth the risk of being rejected and also makes you look more manly ... i am dating an istj now ... hahaha . also , not all esfps believe the same things . i admit i can be gullible because i usually assume people wouldn't have reason to lie to me . i don't think of myself is ... welcome ! glad to have a fellow esfp . :p roud : do you find the esfp personality attractive ? ( i guess this is more individual based not type based but i was just wondering ) . if you are interested in a girl , will you go for her and pursue her ? ... i'd like to be more enfj i think ... i would like to be more n and more j . i am so disorganized and scattered sometimes and i don't like that about myself . also , i would like to be more n and be able ... '