' hahaha :D it's better to have love and lost , then to never have loved at all . however , i don't care much for the hurt that remains after it . but when you are young ( and you are ) , you need to experience things ... it's actually not a bad idea to have your expectations lined up for these things , so you don't have to leave a relationship after years , disappointed and robbed of your values . if you have ' a plan ' , ... because of this , when i break up i make a real brake in life as well ; in most cases never to see that person again . i recently left a 12 + year relationship , and while we still have some loose ends to ... must say , you are pretty . definitely want to see that ! other people see us as an image they build based on their perception of us . so a large part of communicating our self-image is in fact managing the perception others have of us . unfortunately , as we ... * * shakes head * * honey ... we really have to sit down and talk . i only smile when i feel to , so it's always real ( although , by admission , a very seldom occurrence ) . - smart criteria - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia - grow model - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia writing ( both scientific and fiction ) , composing music and writing lyrics , some drawing and 3d modeling . maybe the lack of smilies in my message made you mis-interpret my reply . < <--- roy batty - intj sex is indeed overrated . however , ' real good sex ' ... i've never been called ' hot ' for not wanting to go to sleep ... oh wait , i have . i totally get you . i didn't like them from the first close sight of their workings . it's a dumbed-down os , aimed at people that like to pretend they are computer-savvy , while in reality they are the ... great reply , very tangible ... i have to praise you for that . abso-f ... ing-lutely . if you don't value it , then why are you working towards it ? seems paradoxical to me . you tell me , babe . ( when it comes to enfp-girls i'm lost anyway ) . no , it's classified as teasing . no , it's the other way around ; you are trolling me ( and , btw , are still a big tease ) . i saw you edit your answer ... busted . the answer is in my answer about you already having the answer . now come back when you've figured that out , after that you can tease me some more . you already have your answer to that . i'm a 3w4 , so prestige is somehow important to me . personally , i feel that prestige is the result of hard and dedicated work in areas of choice . it is some sort of reassurance that i did a job well ... ah , my problem is that with me it's the other way around ; when i give a compliment to a girl , my respect is showing through ( i guess , based on reactions ) , and somehow that inhibits the message i'm ... : blushed : of course . i'm a big fan of both the movie and rutger houwer ( he's dutch , as am i ) . and the roy batty character is obviously an intj . the whole point of the jellybaga , is that google can't find it . the creature is that elusive . from experience i'd say compliments to a girl are always given from safe distance . you're living up to your enfp-status ; you big tease . hmmm ... you know something i don't ? nope , we can't have a gender-specific mascot . or we can , but then we need a different one for males . christicake : stop confusing the hell out of us male intjs ... the whole female concept is hard ... it works opposite as well . been there , done that . your answer was to be expected . lxde is nice , i use it at times as well . kde however is simply the most mature / developed desktop when it comes to inter-application communication and integration , as ... my view on this is that because i'm not ( over ) reacting to the world around me , i'm having a pretty easy time regarding staying true to my self . most compliments i get are about stability , ... chameleon color-changing behavior in association to human behavior is , in most cases , linked to flaky personalities ; people who can not make up there mind , or people who adapt to social situations in ... i like you already . i find that pretty hot and slightly disturbing at the same time . so it is ... fascinating . ok , i'll bite ... tell me . and why would you have a problem with that ? just being curious . hmmm , you're not really getting this . people who can't see the broader picture , are calling it ' overthinking ' when someone else does see the broader picture and is acting accordingly . i'm confronted ... ... and you seem to like generalization . a high iq does not imply the ability to see the broader picture , especially when it's an ' apparently ' high iq . we can work on that . that is the common argument ( and obvious misconception ) used by people who are unable to see the broader picture . you make me feel human again same here ( all of it ) . the poll should have been split into male and female responses for better insight . ah , so the intp-mascot is not ' cats ' , it is ' little sad looking cats , acting out of ( cat ) character ' . wow , that is so close to how i feel ; i always say ' they've left me behind , but i still hope they come back for me and take me back to my planet ' . how come these intj-girls seem tot keep popping up left , right and center ? '