' i'm whatever it says in my signature .. i don't really know anything about them other than the description that came with the results was accurate . it's true lol .. we do know some stuff , but anything we don't we just make it up as we go along . i enjoyed the videos personally . it made sense . am i insane ? your welcome . just make sure you remember to always make your own conclusions on things . i will try to get one to work and report back . what do you think about using water as fuel ? does that pass your personal validity test ? :P they're not supposed to be perpetual motion machines ... it idea is that they use an energy source not already being used . for example , water as fuel , or magnetism . the powers that be have ... log in :) nope , what did i miss ? this actually looks pretty interesting though . im going to try to read some of it . ... i have a similar collection of bookmarks :P come on , they are your parents . they have raised you . they changed your shitty dipers . they have brought you into this world . you should how them the respect they deserve and send them a card each ... some reading for you all :) did you see the video they get hacked during ? youtube for anonymous hack wesboro . its brilliant . oh , and the guy has over 9000 sins . give him space . that is the most important thing . we just dont show it yes , an infinite amount ! is so . intps become very devoted . in your little intj world that may be the case , but as you get older you will begin to see that other peoples opinions , lives and ways of thinking are important too , even if they differ from your ... as my post was censored , i will make it again with the alleged personal attack . what makes you think i am trying to gain the support of people ? people should be allowed to make their own ... yep . they just dont ... how do i put it ? work ? ! haha how incredibly closed minded of you . are you saying that anyone who gives an opinion or suggests a theory over the internet , is an idiot ? in which case , this applies to yourself . the part i don't agree with is the ' idiot ' part . it would only have personality types if it were programmed to have personality types . and then , it would be a much simpler version of something we probably only understand a very small amount on ... our system is too flawed , it might cave in under the pressure , not explode . if we could start again and get everything right from the beginning , perhaps , this would be possible almost everything has a personality . numbers in particular . as i have grown older it has become less prominant , but that may be because i pay less attention to it . typically i could converse about ... at the risk of getting into a long winded and time consuming debate : 1 . ) do you believe in conspiracies ? it seems so blindingly obvious to me that at least some of the conspiracy theories ... it is :) its an old pic though , about 2 years or so . i used to just love heelflips . never bothered with many other tricks , just perfected my heelflips in all their varieties . you skate ? i was ... you can have one . no more . im joking , she gave me as many as i want ( infinite ) and that means infinite people can haz infinite cheezburgers too . enjoy , intps ! intp gives enfp smily faces enfp gives intp cheezburgers yep , we've got this pretty well figured out : happy :: laughing :: happy :: laughing :: proud :: cool :: tongue :: laughing :: crazy :: tongue :: happy : i appriciate your concern , but am already , ' sitting this one out ' :) how could i possibly be doing anything else - i've already given my honest yet slightly sarcastic reply . to the op ... i wonder how many other intps want to say something nice back , but don't know how ? errrm ... i like your post ? thats fair enough :) you have the right to enjoy pedobear , just as i have the right to deny you chocolate and leave this thread . there was no chocolate right about the point you posted a link to a pedobear video . i totally resign from this thread . helllooo :) as long as you dont buy it in a pet shop , the chocolate should taste great :P hello fellow ntp , do you come in peace ? : crazy : welcome :) i have come to understand mbti , but this enneagram is still very new to me , still just some numbers and letters really . what i do know is that the description that came with the test results was ... pro feedom i would love to , but i believe it is not important who starts a revolution , just that you stand up for what you believe in . my life is a battle against facial hair . i prefer being clean shaven and dont think it looks good when my face hair grows too much . i have to shave every day realistically but every 2 or 3 days is ... camals sleeps 98 % times awesome ! ! ! camals has the answer if you use the net , go ahead an thank the westboro baptist church . the internet was invent for them you know ? camals has one humps errrmmm ... camals ? get camals '