' your comment screams intj , bro . especially the useless part . thanks for the information . doesn't interfere with anything i've ever experienced ( with infjs ) . plus , your signature is the lyrics from one of my favorite bands ( tool ) . that song ( reflection ) was ... aren't estps the kings / queens of saying things without thinking / without wanting to think ? no offense , you guys can be fucking magnificent ooh , so dangerous . all these scary words and such . no , it's not dangerous . i already knew i was unhealthy before i entered perc . perc can't make me more unhealthy . lol ! what the fuck is that in your signature ? some obscure inspirational quote gone wrong ? why would that be implied ? there's too many . i watch a lot of tv shows , although i hardly ever watch them on tv . - how i met your mother - scrubs - x files - futurama - the office ( really getting into it recently , the ... who's to say that sensors will give birth to sensors ? or intuitives to intuitives ? the only reason why we think mbti is great is not because of its system . the test is awful and people are very ... if you had the ability to time-travel to 1933 and kill hitler , would you - john smith , the dead zone by stephen king why kill him , though , if you have the ability to turn him into a normal ... another interesting thing to mention is that mental issues / disorders can cause physical pain , and vice versa . for instance , long term severe pain can lead to insanity , and depression is known to ... if you think physical pain is worse , you haven't suffered much mental pain . i personally do not think they're comparable . of course physical pain is worse , it implies irreversible damage and ... of course yoda would prefer si . it's all homestuck threads , i'm guessing . oooh , dirk x john or some shit his logic is pathetic and it fails to hold up so much of the time . intp is definitely a possibility , but entp and maybe even enfp are as well . mostly because i see entps failing logically much more ... if i were to actually pay attention to how i walk , then i would end up walking normally . so answering this question would be paradoxical . i think intps and isfjs have it the worst . and i'm pretty sure i've got undiagnosed generalized anxiety disorder ew ... buzzfeed ... don't really have many friends , but i can relate . with an estp , at first i acted very estp-like , but it was fun . acting stupid , having fun , saying stupid shit to each other ... but as the friendship ... i would as well , except i would do it metaphorically . i read books all the time as a kid ... don't anymore . it doesn't matter if something is logical or not if it is boring as shit ! yeah , it's best because the first time you watch it you think it's just a demon bunny . and how he reacts to it , just amazing . man i love that profile picture . when donnie gets that sickeningly satisfied face , i feel the same way , so giddy . i'm a bit of a sadist and i love finding pleasure in dark things ... that's how i ... usually logic and ti has very little to do with answering trivia questions , as it mostly has to do with memory . however , if i don't know the answer i can use my ti to get an educated guess , which is ... wouldn't it be more economical to use a regular phone in that case ? i support this . my phone has affected my life negatively more than i'd like to admit . i want to once again say that i do not agree with this 24 type nonsense . i definitely think you can organize a type into more specific types through answering questions ( mbti style ) , but this just ... my intuition usually allows me to remember such answers in games like that even if i do not consciously know anything about the subject being asked . it's things the subconscious has picked up on , ... lol @ istp , infj , and estp gifs . nice profile picture , by the way . : laughing : it has to do with the amount of time we have to think and respond , lack of social stigmas , no body language , no external factors / variables . but i agree , if you can do it online , you can do it in ... yes . they make me angry for some reason . in my high school there's one that says speak your mind , which i find ironic . yeah , i'm probably quite less healthy than most intps , and that's saying something . i've tried to get better . but aspergers , add , anxiety , alexithymia ... ( damn those a words ! ) they make it hard for ... avoided death note ? why ? it's meant for rationals ! mirai nikki isn't that popular , surprisingly . maybe because it takes a while to pick up speed ( not unlike death note ) and our world of sensors ... i suppose , but it's not the same . the likelihood of me finding an individual who i like on the internet is indeed much higher , but the amount of contact and relations i can have with someone here is ... i got 26 out of 37 . the only good thing about soa is the opening theme . holy shit the first few seconds are amazing though . edit : i think the only times i've been emotional over an anime is the end of death note and ... he's pretty rad , but socially awkward and obsessed with logical correctness . like more than me . debating ( literally ) his e-ness . but idk , he creates arguments and plays devil's advocate which is an ... i just watched a tabletop video on youtube , and i had the good fortune of seeing allison scagliotti for the first time . i think i'm in love . anyways , i'd say she's an entp because of , well , ... more like * sniffle * you plastic funbag i saw that earlier . i'm not the biggest fan of markiplier ( spelling ? lol ) , a lot of his commentary and such seems to be mostly facial expressions and noises . however , i'm sympathetic of his past . and ... i'd say water over rock . maybe electric or dragon type . fairy if we're fortunate . i'm sure a lot of immature intps would like to believe they have diminished emotions , but emotions are a human thing * . ( not including anti-social personalities ) since your mbti is based completely off how you answer the questions , i would say yes . and i think you misunderstand mental disorders . most people who are afflicted are still capable of most things ... i'm confused . all it asks for is my birth date and location and then it tells me my theme or whatever . i didn't even answer any questions . i wish i had an intp friend :P i have not met a single rational at this school besides the ones i already know . which is 2 . ( intj who is too cool for me right now , and entp ) for intps it serves us quite well . remembering important factoids and info / knowledge , but never hygenial things ... i feel like it most has to do with our subconscious / intuition , not exactly ... you're right . there's almost always a solution , and suicide shouldn't be first on the list . i play it in spurts every now and again . i'd say i'm okay . my greatest weakness is that i can't think too many steps ahead . i can think of the best logical move for the board as it is , maybe even ... 226530 topher brink of dollhouse like i said , everybody's different . and not having a close friend does not equal being alone , although it can seem like it . you still have human contact , which is really all that's necessary . did you make an account specifically with this in mind to ask ? lol '