' when i play plague inc haha you are a twin of a cat forced to live in the others shadow sports are pretty boring on a professional level ( like watching sports ) but i like playing some sports like basketball and tennis . hmmm ... i also think piercings ( other than ear and belly button ) ... i only rage when i go past my limit is anyone into making music ? tosh . 0 is one of my favorite shows . daniel is pretty funny . regarding his mbti , i think hes a estp . what do you guys think ? i personally like adventurous books . such as city of thieves and artemis fowl his humor is very enxp-like wow i totally forgot scrubs 30 rock and workaholics he is a very awesome musician . i can guess is that he is an exxx . also other ratm members like tom morrello , timmy c , and brad wilk . i'd like to figure them out . any help ? how would you type the gallagher family and their friends ? likewhores on facebook piss me off what tv shows do my fellow entps like ? i personally like shameless futurama ninja warrior tosh . 0 daily show / colbert report its always sunny in philidelphia south park no order forest gump chronicle district 9 its kind of a funny story superbad mars attacks alien the 5th element haha , there are no helpers as the core type oops i meant 7w6 , 9w8 , 3w2 ratatat if they count oh like the first few episodes full metal alchemist that i can never stick with something ive been here for about a week and i was wondering how do i make a poll ? please help . elfhunter 57 : 7w8 , 9w8 , 3w2 charlie : isfp mac : estj dee : enfj dennis : entj frank : estp undone ( the sweater song ) - weezer i thought that its kind of a funny story was very interesting . it made me think a lot . thanks soo much i added a profile picture but whenever i comment on a picture i dont see it . i only see it on my profile can someone explain to me what is going on ? i think nfs are the stereotypical most passionate type but as i said stereotypical so its not true for all cases . also thinkers can be passionate about a lot of things btw do u guys know why my picture isn't showing ? ok thanks to both of you its something that i really wanted to know for a while now i've been wondering about this for a while and haven't gotten far . are any types more likely to be liberal ? are any types more likely to be conservative ? tell me your thoughts i'm interested . '