ur welcome =) hmm .. ive got a happy , cheerful lady here , havent i ? ? one who doesnt settle for little and insignificant when she can have something big ! also , i think you draw clear lines between what / whom u like ... well , the way you wrote your name at the bottom seemed pretty .. firm.like u really believe in urself and are making an impression of all thats in you . and ur handwriting seems to float on the paper , ... i think its pretty easy for u to get lost in ur thoughts / drift away , like even during a conversation .. nervous , self-doubter , maybe ? and , i think you view yourself as someone capable of lots , even ... ok .. im getting friendly , creative , and shy vibes , i think . also , i think u dont display ur emotions or response to something readily , as in , u dont over react . and , tell me if im wrong , but i dont ... . hmm .. not a very people-person , are you ? at times , you may seem kinda cold to others . and i can def see the introversion in ur handwriting . i think ur not the type of person who'd ask others or feel ... what r u looking for in here mannu ? =P p wait a second , do adrenaline and adrenaline rushes have something to do with panic attacks ? ? do they increase the chances of getting one ? ? i get anxious all the time . little things can really worry me big-time . but it hasnt been too serious . 46951http :/ / personalitycafe.com/image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQAAAQABAAD/2wCEAAkGBhQSEBUUEhQVFBQUFBQVFBQVGBUUFRQVFBQVFBcVFBQYGyYeFxwjGRQUHy8gJCcpLC0sFR4xNTAqNSYrLCkBCQoKDgwOFw8PGiocHBwpKSwpKSkpKS ... this is beautiful.if only .. you can leave me whenever you want . forsake me in the depths of the cold , dark night . but one , only one , request i have on my lips , don't hate me . abandon me alone where nobody goes , where wide ... and emerald sea , your posts never fail to make me smile , really =) that good friends are great blessings . =) watermelon ! ! ! that i suck . ohhhmygaawwd ! ! ! thankyou so much shampoo ! ! ! and all of you guys for giving birthday wishes to a stranger lol .. this def made my day special =) every now and then , a waterfall seems to flow from your heart and into your body . and it flows with such grace , that you look down at your palms and your fingertips , because you have a hard ... im sorry cuz im not quite expected here ( im not an infj ) , but i overthink everything . and the harder i try to forget about something which is bothering me , the more i have to console myself and try ... i'd pick populists , liberalists , and academists.people ' s rights taken care of , their behavior and moral conduct controlled , and their understanding / knowledge and opportunity to learn advanced . what an absolutely charmingly wonderful thread emerald sea ! ! its bound to bring people closer , and is very reflective of the effects you have around you ! :p roud : this is exactly what society needs ... how caring and considerate ! ! ! * dies * this post gave me adrenaline rushes man ! it's just soo .. true . though im not an infj , i can relate to what you've said extremely well . ' .. dont ever forget that you're ultimately alone ' - i feel that ... o my goddd shampooo this is hilllaaariousss ! ! ! jawz-so what you're saying is that what is at play when consumers buy branded products as status symbols is also what happens at just about anytime they are led to believe that what they have ... * gapes at the guy with the big brain * if only we all had the big brains ! ! come to think of it , then they won't be considered big anymore .. just like all the crap they sell today , its not considered ... ' i agree .. anything thats mainstream lacks the natural essence of originality the product initially had . you get sci-fi books , romance books , purely philosophical and food for thought books , and ... oh you've seen the movie ? cuz i haven't , just read the book.but im assuming you didn't quite like it .. heh aww .. so very enfj .. out here to grow and help others grow =) . thanks man .. im gonna be reading the pdf now =) oh my god all of you im just so sorry for how your relationships are forced to become with ur dads , but honestly , im sure they still love you and always will cuz no matter what kind of separations ... play detective .. that's exactly what i do . and i agree that you learn something much deeper about yourself than you'd imagine when you do realize the cause of how you feel .. but knowing that you're ... bored and blank but inspired . plugged in without a wire . i could do wonders , she thought to herself . but hell , there's something wrong . a chef sliced down day after day purple days with many ... i love the drive we have to push others forth and open their eyes to their own capabilities .. such a blessing gives us the ability to help others greatly , and people today can def use help that's ... he sounds very enfj to me .. a gregarious and merry enfj determined , i think . i agree with purple , or violet .. obviously ( violetta ) .. i've always felt an attraction to it .. it seems to pop out wherever i am . dan brown's books are awesome ! ! who's read angels and demons ? ? maybe this thread has been created already and excuse me if it has , but if it hasn't , what are the top 5 movies you guys think are perfect for an enfj to enjoy ? ? well excuse me for the third =P .. though i dont quite get ur complaint against me hehe . i felt you slapping my face man .. wallah i even slapped my own face when i read this xd but im gonna reluctantly poop ur party .. i didnt make up the heartbreaking ... healing thing on my own .. saw it ... this was beautiful .. : blushed :( first time i feel bothered enough to put a smiley ) retarded times i tell you , retarded times .. hehe .. embarrassing too . and atypeofuser , u entps dance on the floors , have a thing for the ladies , and barely go below the surface of things , dont you ? i know you guys to the cell =P .. after all i thought i was infj once . and typical infj at a party , quietly observing the enfp and secretly deducing hidden meanings regarding her interactions . =) constant acceleration , speedily and sometimes slowly . now this ones my favorite ! ! gives me adrenaline rushes .. i love how you convey the strong emotions ! ! that was beautiful .. i appartently know 4 fps , and 3 them definitely love animals more than humans.they all see this connection with their pets - whether it be a dog or a goldfish or a tortoise .. one of them couldnt bear ... very true .