' i am an infj but recently while reading jung i realised that i am not ni fe but identify with ni fi ! has anyone else had this ? why is there no personality option in the myers briggs temerament ? i feel depressed because no one understands me but my other infj friend ( who is depressed ) but i havn't seen him for a while because of exams . wouldn't infj + infj relationships be a beautiful thing ? ... pyroluria anyone have this problem or think they have it ? apparently 50 % of people with mental illnesses have this condition and only 10 % of people who have pyroluria don't have a mental illness ... to me , i would definetely say you are an infj , also - infj's can spot and infj very easily , i did the same to my friend . if you and your infj friend feel like you can understand eachother ... i like russian and european music too ! what kind do you mean ? i love traditional folk music , ever listened to bulgarian ? bulgarian choirs music is the most profound music i've ever listened too . i ... i've been told that if you are depressed you shouldn't spend time with other depressed people because they will make you more depressed . but i am unsure about this . i think it would help because ... it's not like i'm really good at any of the things i'm interested in thought ! i don't spend enough time on one subject to get to a point where i feel like i'm any good at it i live an introverted life filled with beautiful things i love ; fine art , classical and world music , films , novels etc . my idols are anais nin , frida kahlo , kate bush , aishwarya rai , leon bakst , ... it is possible to retain control but it definetly depends on each occasion i think . i am certainly more open about my emotions ... thats the problem ! if something goes wrong i will be unable to ... i do not like parties and clubbing etc , it's not like i'm completely antisocial - in other situations i am fine but i hate crowds and drunkeness . i'd rather be at home with a book ! i don't like ... i would also be more likely to go for the people are stupid i would think yes someone else realises too ! everyone already knows that we are selfish beings ... i am an infj and my exboyfriend who i was with for 2.5 years was an intj . there is a huge difference between these types and it caused lots of problems in our relationship . the infj is very feeling ... i do exactly the same ! others don't get it haha i've noticed a lot of you have cat related profile pictures . when i was a little girl i was so obsessed with cats , i wore a cat collar , tried cat food , studied books on cats and honestly thought i ... this is what my boyfriend fails to do: don't be affraid to show your feelings and emotions - infact you must show feelings . be compassionate and sympathetic to her and if she has a mad outbreak of ... i also believe that religion or spirituality is important for our type . i was a christian when i was young and then became athiest , since then i have been in and out of states of depression . only ... allowing myself to be silly writing in journal meditation reading diaries so you forget about your own life remembering that everyone has problems and everyone suffers reading spiritual texts i agree , most infj's stay at home . i don't like parties and going out for a few reasons - i have social anxiety and its a waste of time . but you will find me at secondhand book shops , car park ... thanks for the reply ! i also have thought that i could only truely be close to another infj but i can also imagine an infj-infj relationship to be dangerously over emotional , intense fights would ... my boyfriends best friend ... i write a journal almost every day about people , events that i learn from , introspective stuff and spiritual thoughts etc . i've tried writing short stories and poems etc but my boyfriend is studying ... is anyone else scared of being alone as in being single ? i am currently 20 and for the past 5 years i've been mostly in relationships and often i had boyfriends i didn't love because i would prefer ... i also have pessimistic views of society , people and their intentions but i think infjs seem to focus too much on the faults of other people and we tend to overlook our own . i definetly understand ... i've often felt like that but i take control of my life by coming up with ideas and then taking action on them instead of dreaming of what i want to do with my life . i wanted to learn spanish dancing ... i think generally infj's open up to anyone who gives them the opportunity , we talk about our feelings very openly but perhaps don't imediately trust people or accept them . i havn't seen it yet but plan to soon , i have only just discovered akira kurosawa and im looking forward to seeing his films . my boyfriend saw ikiru the other day and said it was one of the greatest ... life is beautiful is certainly a wonderful film i am more than happy to spread my film obsession with you :) check out those trailers i posed before , what kind of films are you searching for ? the films you like are what i use to like a few years ... i hadn't heard of him before but coincidently my mother is taking me to see the tree of life this afternoon ! anxiety , mainly social anxiety - i was bullied a lot when i was younger and now i'm very scared when meeting new people or going to parties etc . i'm especially nervous around women i read a lot of non fiction too - i love reading memoirs , diaries , philosophy and spiritual books v for vendetta is certainly good , as is pans labyrinth , fight club , fear and loathing etc , they are the best films of modern times . but hasn't anyone realised that in our film history there are ... for the depths of human emotion ... bergman is the abolute essential , he is probably the greatest film director of all time . please watch some , you will not regret it . there is nothing like bergman . ... sometimes i'm not sure ... he criticises me a lot , if he knew i was talking to people on the internet he would think it pathetic of me ... i always feel i have to reserve part of myself around him ... i am also interested in existentialism - i've read the outsider by albert camus , very interesting but a rather sombre tale . you would be interested in hermann hesse . for existentialism get a copy of ... i'm a loner i guess . when i socialise with people who are not like minded i end up analysing them and the situation - the futility of drinking and partying and talking crap and popular music that ... this is a concern everyone has i guess . i would hate my boyfriend to read my diary , he would find out all kinds of shocking things and my fantasies about other men ! but i trust that he won't read it , ... the best films i've ever seen : limelight - charlie chaplin hunger - a film adaption of knut hamsuns book all igmar bergman films another year - mike leigh 8 1/2 - fellini jules and jim - ... no i havn't . there should be a thread for books infjs like so we can all share our discoveries i think it's possible that infjs are the only type caplable of enderstanding infjs never burn your journals ! imagine if anais nin had burnt her journals like she intended ? journals are sacred and you can learn from them , see how you have developed and grown and you might want to ... i have been writing a diary for a year now and i feel it really helps me understand myself and see my ideas clearly , create a purpose , helps me sort through these crazy infj emotions ! etc . anais ... kajra re - aishwarya rai i currently can't send you a message because i havn't made 15 posts yets ... demian is very strange and thats why i think i like it , i like some of the ideas pistorius talks about . siddhartha is ... thank you and i like your hermann hesse quote , i am very fascinated by his novels and ideas , i am currently reading demian i am an infj and have these problems too . i find that i've created in my imagination my perfect friend and expect others to fill that place if they're to be my friend . i use to sit by myself and ... i don't know how to delete this post , i wrote a new one because i wanted it to be quoted from someones question ... hello , i'm new here and i joined because i'm interested in personalities and why people are like they are etc some things i feel and am wondering if other infjs can relate to : * i feel a need to ... '