' when you habitually follow peoples conversations , and then they look at you and you remember you are not invisible . or when you habitually join those conversations and forget that you were ... when you read the writings of ralph waldo emerson and you think exactly ! except i never knew how to put it into words ! and then everyone else around you reads it and then is totally confused . then ... i will get so excited for something , and then if it doesn't happen in a day or so then i will completely lose my motivation . haha yeah i guess ... sometimes i get really frustrated though because ... thank you so much ! i did find it ! it was pretty miraculous ! it was an iphone , and they have those apps now where you can track your iphone and play a sound on it . i clicked to play a sound , but my ... pray for my phone . i lost it at school today . : confused : thanks ! i wish my school had russian ! i couldn't find anything for this online when i looked for it , so i decded to make one . i couldn't even find much for verne's personality himself . here are my guesses based on the books i have ... john proctor from the crucible that's kinda how i feel when the olympics are over ( though i only get to watch parts of them ) , or i never know what to do when school gets out . i was sad when phineas and ferb ended , but i never ... oh my . that sounds like a big responsibility . i'm not going to preach here since melodygirl said that's not what this thread is about , but i will be praying . if you would like me to pm you though i would be happy to talk to you about it . : happy : when you are casually observing the environment around you when you notice two people talking . you follow their conversation mostly because it is just a natural thing to do until they look at you ... i have noticed that isfps cn differ greatly , as i have one super unconfident ( almost shy ) isfp friend , and another who won homecoming king last year and was super competitive in pe . most of the time ... so i'm 95 % sure i am an isfp ( with a few infp characteristics ) , and it seems to be almost unanimous on the perc forums that harry potter is an isfp . most characters that are isfps i have found myself ... philieas fogg : istj possibly passepartout : isfx ( he likes order , but doesn't seem to follow it as well as mr . fogg ) fix : xxxj not really sure yet . i'm only about half-way done with the book , so ... on the outside you're laidback ... can't say the same thing about that fi though . i agree with you on the suite life of zack and cody , haven't seen the others though . haven't seen too much roadrunner , but to me he seems like more of a showoff than isfps typically are . if i were roadrunner , i would just avoid the coyote all together . what makes you say joy is a p ? i don't see how sadness could have read the mind manual and remembered all of it if she was an isfp . : laughing : can't say i related to sadness or fear ( probably sadness more than fear however ) , not saying they aren't isfp though . fear seemed a little too confident ( if that makes sense ) in what he did to be an ... hello ! for the sake of this being a quick art question i have put all the background information that really isn't necessary inside the quote box . if i am going to do a chalk pastel sky and ... my all time favorite book is icefall by matthew j . kirby . it is about a viking princess who is neither the prettiest nor the heir , so she struggles to find her identity ( that along with how i ... most of my art i don't have on my computer , and am too lazy to put it on my computer , but this artwork i actually made on the computer and so i am posting it . 335626 i made it with a programming ... my dad ( intp ) sent this to me ( isfp ) a few weeks ago over skype , this was our conversation : isfp : the isfp one would be more like everyone you care about decides you're just like everyone else , ... i got one of the two best in show awards for my high school art show ! : happy : wooo it's easter ! :) at a concert last year i got a shirt quoting lyrics from this song that i really like ( nothing ever by citizen way ) . i wore that shirt today and then on the way home the song played on the radio , ... i would love to ! thank you so much , that helped , and i'm sure your prayers will help even more . last night i listened to a speaker who said : emotions are emotions , they are not good or bad , just ... wow i love all the nature shots ! play practice . when you sense something beautiful it is is you are frozen in place for a second . better than i can do on photoshop , i got it for christmas and i am still incredibly awkward and horribly lost when using it ... recently i have had a guilt-type feeling occasionally , that i don't think has very much basis . anyway the guilt type feeling isn't great for my relationship with god . thanks ! yeah , my basis was mostly sonic x in which he has some weird personality switches , and as far as i am told , doesn't reflect his true personality . when your fi occasionally tries to convince you that you are not showing enough emotion or that you only care about your feelings and not other people's ( which is totally untrue ) . school play tryouts . ( i was nervous at first , but after it was over i smiled ) ( p + l ) ( a + n ) pa + pn + la + ln i just foiled your plan reading the lost generation by jonathan reed . i am part of a lost generation . and i refuse to believe that i can change the world . i realize this may be a shock , but happiness comes from ... she is almost certainly an sf because of her love of animals and soft things , but not that i think about it , i think she is an esfj . you see her feelings much more than you would if she had ... dnamy from kim possible ? or is she an esfp ? or esfj ... i'm fairly good with art , and i like to think i can sing . i am okay at playing musical instruments , but music theory and coming up with original tunes is where i become useless . as for english ... when i was like 12 , i didn't like wearing deodorant because it meant that i was getting older and i wanted to stay a kid . : sad : i'm the same way , for the most part i can ignore criticism given to me by people i don't respect , though in my mind everyone starts out with some respect ... and some people loose it quickly . i've never seen any of the harry potter movies ( besides the first one ) and i've never read the books . however , when you say that healthy fi-se would have stopped the other marauders . i think that ... maybe the ladybug lost its spots and couldn't find them again . : sad : i love a lot of the concepts of the subjects of school , but the actual classes don't excite me much . these have some exceptions though . last year i took a sociology class , just because i needed ... it's christmas ! : happy : when you see a ladybug without any spots , and you feel bad for it , so you go and get a marker and add dots to it . when you have your own world inside your head . '