' stereotyping doesn't help you . sorry i couldn't help ( not really ) . this is very well said and right on the money - - 100 % . well it's funny . when someone is not in shape , they simple look at those who are as really attractive ( because i used to not be in shape , so i know ) . but after one makes being in shape a lifestyle , ... if you have no idea what type you are currently , then take the mbti test and figure it out . there is no other way to know , so don't try and guess . personality test based on jung and briggs myers ... i'm an estj guy , and every word of this was spot-on with how i feel about sex . i wonder whether the best sex types for estjs are simply other estjs . when you speak of that guy with whom you spent a ... i will say that as an entj i was much less practical and a lot more in dream-land when it came to day-in and day-out activities and how i dealt with them . whereas now that i have become an estj ( only ... as a person who has been an entj for several years , but has recently become borderline entj by developing into an estj , i must say that your post is unusually thorough and accurate . very good job . this is a great topic , because over the past two years i have slowly developed from entj to estj ... and one cannot discuss this topic without regard to law . as is only a matter of time , the philosophical conundrum enters the thread of prurience . my $ 0.02 : love triumphs all . i find love , passion , from whatever source , triumphs religious binds ... angelictroublemaker , you would have started this . i'm so proud of you : tongue : i happen to be this , too . but let me query : what correlation are you making with sexual tendency and enneagram type ? i'm not well enough versed in enneagram to know there even is a correlation . i think just the way you talk is quite attractive . no , stop it ! be good , you're on a forum and must behave yourself . um , hello :) no offense , but that kind of talk will turn an entj off faster than seeing john mccain naked doing the hula-hoop . no , wait , that actually wouldn't be as bad as what you just said . i look at this in a very interesting way , and i totally agree with you . when i see a girl so attractive , both physically and mentally , i think to myself : you should be doing something with all of ... gosh i have this exact same problem with hot girls who speak like idiots . it's a curse , i tell you . so much wasted potential . honestly , i am disciplined enough to go quite a while without sex if i love and respect the girl . personally , i think that waiting until marriage but then going all out and hitting it 5 + times a week ... angelictroublemaker , thank you so much for your responses . you're being a little pushy and a little sentimental . i am talking to an infj girl right now , and you can't get all mushy-mushy / dependent on them . they need their space , and you should enjoy this ... infjbro ... ahahahaha ... hahaha ... haha ... ah ... whew . that was great . and , , if one cannot take criticism , one should not dish it . a wise saying : judge yourself at least as harshly as you judge others . lol ... like one ever does . some rare people do , but ... i think blunt criticism is a wonderful thing . how many times have we [ citizens , people , family members , group members , etc . ] been unable to attain points of wisdom , happiness , and effectiveness ... i have yet to meet someone who made me get defensive about the work i was trying to achieve . typically , i am comfortable with my self and understand that no one is going to see the things i do in the ... 1 ) i drink twinings irish or scottish breakfast tea every morning , about 3 volumetric cups . 2 ) i often think that society is irrevocably destroying itself . 3 ) i read every day . some of my ... this is funny , because you are quite backwards . i despise people with low self-esteem . there is no reason for it , because each person is responsible , himself ( herself ) alone , for how he ( she ) feels ... this is funny , because you are quite backwards . i despise people with low self-esteem . there is no reason for it , because each person is responsible , himself ( herself ) alone , for how he ( she ) feels ... good points . we do not like people who don't know what they believe , do we ? as we shouldn't ! don't proclaim to have conviction if you can't even defend it ! ah ... life of an entj is sa-weet . i hate to be the one to tell you this , but ... you're in the wrong forum . for , you see , we entjs break ourselves in . in fact , we revel in it . i'm sorry , are you actually complaining ? i simply don't ... hahaha ... that was pretty good . i literally laughed out loud at that one , creating a whirlwind of jerked heads in my direction at the coffee shop . good job . by the way , i totally agree with you . if ... woo ! hi all , i'm studying both chemical engineering and english . i have thought of a few options right out of undergrad : ( 1 ) join the peace corps ( ngo development ) ( 2 ) find a technical ... i have a problem with one of my favorite entjs . how do i get him to be more awesome ? i'm finding it nearly impossible to do . oh , and by the way , this entj is me . i have pet peeves that my mind refuses to overlook when it comes to just about any person at all : a disregard for developing writing skills . a disregard for developing speaking skills . a ... i don't quite agree with your premise of morality , but i'll try to answer the hypothetical questions as best i can . 1 ) you say that the reason we tell our grandmother we bought textbooks is to ... fortitude ? fortuity ... entj girls are pretty rare , huh ? what are they , like the rarest combination of personality trait and gender ? is there a rarer one ? i once saw the statistics of this , but forgot where i found it . i ... let me apologize . i was being arrogant and immature when i posted that . hula dancer , i am sorry for not taking your post seriously , being rude , and seemingly sexist . i was trying to be ... a great post , daithi . i don't think it's negative at all ... just interesting and complex . thank you for sharing ! do you have any high heels ? msbossypants , what do you do for a living ? whatever it is , i ... uh ... think something is wrong ... i need your help ? ha .. she totally does too when i tell her how interesting she is to me :) i seemed to have completely butchered my first attempt at producing adequate photo porn . the pictures are rather small ... something never looked upon too highly in the porn industry . oh , yea ... and that last one , well i just like writing with my $ 50.00 fountain pen :) meet tony stark , my fictional hero , 42844 and emma watson , my fictional girlfriend . 42845 great stuff . thanks guys . the web site advertises the perc app , but my iphone tells me i'm crazy and that it doesn't exist . there must me something i'm misunderstanding about the advertisement , but i thought it was clear ... i was reading a book this morning and thought part of it apt to share : most people , kamala , are like falling leaves , which blow and turn in the air , and stagger and tumble to the ground . but ... have you ever watched the iron lady ? you know that scene where she blows up on the guy who made the typo ? she basically harassed him , showed no mercy , was completely out of line ... but right on point ... op , may i ask what it is you find interesting in the entj ? what can we do for you ? i'm wondering how to approach actually saying i like-like you as opposed to it staying seemingly understood and just accepted . and then , after it's official , how long until i pull a cuddle-move ... '