' infjs are amazing . you guys are truly the most amazing people in the world . the relationship is very passionate because of how different we are . i'm 5 years married with an infj and every day is an ... 8w7 and 6w7 sent from my iphone using tapatalk developing your fe and si are very important in my opinion . in the end no matter how much you develop them they will still be inferior . only traumatic evens can change you . sent from my iphone ... this sent from my iphone using tapatalk haha speak for yourself i look like a wetback who doesn't speak english so people often give me compliments for being able english . on top of that i'm an 8w7 which is pretty rare . enneagram's 8w7 are the most aggressive so ... this . to tell the difference you need to look at the functions . intjs go ni > te > fi > se while intps go ti > ne > si > fe . sometimes test confuse us with intjs because our inward personality is extremely ... it takes practice but it feels good to smile . the draining part for me is the small talk especially with meeting new people . smiling and being friendly feels just right , i just keep the conversations ... i like that quote . no matter how much we try to be extroverted we always go back home . hehe we would build the tools intps develop their fe with age , but can be developed early with practice . those who say they don't empathize are sociopaths , not intps . being able to empathize and being emotionally adept is ... agreed . it's uncomfortable to be be complemented . sometimes i forget i'm supposed to say thank you . i'm an intp 8w7 but have also tested as 6w7 . it seems to me that 6w7 is the face i put on when i am in public because the descriptions of 6w7 do not fit me at all , but it is what i aspire to be when ... intps fall hard in love , hard to find someone who can keep us interested though . im true neutral you have to tell him how you feel . i have a death stare and i dont trust myself to speak too ! better to speak with a cool head . at home i do rant but ppl just wait me out since i dont stay mad long . your playing games with him elissa , intp's avoid them like the plague . the more you act like this the more you are pushing him away . same , i try to hide it as much as possible . most people can't handle the truth . for the most part i am very nice but when it comes down to picking sides , i am not afraid to tell my friend they are ... just tell him what your interested in , and that he's starting to piss you off . best way to deal with intps in honesty . from our perspective yes lol . i get that child like charm too . i like to think it's due to my ability to stay neutral and humble . basically the lack of an agenda . typically , intps wont make the first step . even if we make the first step we are not comfortable jumping straight into a relationship . anyway that's how it was for me . it's better to be upfront about ... if you don't match intellectually he will get bored of you . for intp's intelligence is top priority otherwise the relationship will die . being pretty helps but its low priority . you will inevitably fall in love with him . if he ever has the courage to ask you out , hug him and let him down gently . he will understand . infj's can be the perfect match . but just like jack says , its not worth looking for infj if they don't match you intellectually or emotionally . it does help , but shouldn't be a determining factor . i learned english via immersion , i pretty much studied people . didn't ask or talk much . but eventually i caught on , took me a year or so to speak broken english after that it was all polishing . i always smiled when i worked costumer service so i never had that problem . it's so dam exhausting though , i felt miserable every day but didn't know why . i got the talk abt not smiling enough ... i like performing sometimes , but in any other case i loath being the center of attention . you completely missed the whole point of the movie if you think he did all of those things for the sake of his job . i'm soso when it comes to sports . they don't challenge me enough to spark my interest tho . im almost 100 % sure he's and intp trying to develop his sj for a more fulfilling lifestyle . if he was sj he would have been more worried abt losing his job , intps are known for not worrying abt such ... my eyes tear up in public . being around ppl makes me feel vulnerable for some reason , my mind goes hyperactive with all the possibilities of interaction . almost all make me sad . when i suppress those ... haha sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk np . it didn't hit me at first but after giving it some thought i realized the point they were trying to make . i was gonna suppress it at first then i realized they were speaking to us . thats when the ... that or he was an intp developing his sensory and judgment traits . deep down he still has a beautiful mind waiting to be read . the cover was an appreciation of that mind , which rarely gets noticed ... haha i love how we can do that . its unhealthy for me to suppress my emotions though , i become aggressive . sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk yeah thats one part i was worried about . on one side it feels like they are putting down in's but on the other hand it shows the struggle we go through to open up and contribute to society . whatever ... takes a while to find your calling . i try to keep myself occupied with projects for the fun of it . if you are interested in writing , write til you get bored of it . then write some more . whatever it ... i get bored very easily with small talk . i need something meaningful to be able to keep talking . it's very important for and intp to have someone to talk to , it feels like there are very few people ... this is why intps go well in infjs . when we are bored of someone or emotionally drained we hide for days . while it's normal for an intp to disappear for a cpl of days its not always a good sign ... i'm 100 % certain i'm an intp and i cry at cheesy movies . some intp's choose to suppress their fe more then others but it's not contradicting to our personality . we are very conscious about our ... the secret life of walter mitty wasn't a tearjerker but at the end of the movie i felt very moved and understood . i can relate to being alone , unable to share your thoughts to the world . and the ... intp's don't do well in systems bound by rules and limitations . you will be miserable if you join the army . ur friend is so wrong lol sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk i aced the test and skipped homework . was boered all the time sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk one piece is luffy sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk i watch it bexause its sci fi but i dont follow the logic sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk intp is a way of thinking . they all share the same thought process but obsess over different topics . sent from my ipod touch using tapatalk '