' 1 . no . antitheist . 2 . florida you understand these are conflicting statements , right ? he put proof of his existence in the bible . by the writing of it , of course , but also with all of the ... morality doesn't exist . there is no universal , nor regional , right or wrong . all actions are neutral . why do we think morality exists ? because we're social creatures that employ empathy and ... yes , i pace obsessively when i want to think . so much so , that i have a hard time sitting down and thinking . i find it to be a terrible habit ; it's like my brain is tricking me into thinking i'm ... chris . christopher in full . i think it's taken from someone famous ... hmmm ... oh , i know . i think his name was satan . i think he created the printing press . yeah , that's right ; his name is ... i'm not too perverse . i'm not talking possibilities . illogically , never test problems . idiot : nothing takes pennies . in no time plastered . illuminate nighttime predators . quite , quite humorous . i hear far too many stories of stalkerish men pursuing women . yes , as men , we have a tendency to believe that if a woman came up to us and asked for sex , we'd have no choice ... how strangely erotic . of course , using breasts as pillows is heavenly , as is using a nice plump butt , so any action performed in association with that anatomy is fantastically seductive and alluring ... yes , please , get on that ; i would like to sleep with him . i was a virgin until not too long ago . sex was on my mind , but it was a minor desire that i very rarely ever contemplated or acted on intently . the first time i had sex , it made me want it more , and ... existence will always be useless , whether it can be appreciated on a conscious level or not . if you want to be technical , though , then yes , consciousness creates usefulness , as usefulness is ... of course . that doesn't mean you can't keep trying to find the answer to something ; sometimes even when you know you won't find an answer , you can come back and fool around with the reasoning , see if something ... is it truly different , though ? couldn't intuition be a simpler , more nuanced form of reasoning ? or couldn't reasoning be a more elaborate , drawn-out form of intuition ? could they be one and the ... you tend to give intuition a magical , prophetic role in the universe and human nature . that is the entire point of this thread , it seems . why is that ? i understand exactly what you're getting ... i have felt the desire sometimes to be normal - more outwardly expressive , interesting , and loving - but it's always fleeting , and i fall back in love with myself pretty quickly . i love being ... if we're talking objectively - which we are , since we're intps - then no , people have no value whatsoever . to be objective means to escape the subjective realm of personal experience , as well as the ... the puzzle is fun , but obviously , einstein didn't create this , nor claim 98 % of people couldn't solve it . all you have to do is ask the question : how would einstein know that 98 % of people ... i'm on the same page as richard . i've consumed alcohol , but the taste is terrible , and i really don't care too much for being tipsy or drunk . eh , it's okay at best , but it's just not worth it ... exactly what i was thinking . good you called it out . this thread is called intp great strength and weakness . if you're answering and you're not an intp , then you're distorting the answers the op is looking for . i can't be blamed if i assume you'd be ... exactly what i thought . also consider that the one con was already on the pro side and it all seems like self-denial of one's own weaknesses . intps have some severe weaknesses when it comes to social ... i know for sure those teachers liked me . one of them doted on me - kind of like i was her son - and showed great enthusiasm for everything i did . in the situation with the teacher who doted on me , ... i've had a few powerful compliments . for example , in my sophomore year of high school , i was called the resident genius of my english class , and the solemn intellectual of my history class . these ... i'm not sure . i might ... i can't imagine an intp would use misspellings as a passive-aggressive maneuver to end a relationship , because i believe an intp would think that only intps really care about those types of things . i ... i'm not taking sides here , but i have to applaud crazyeddie for being so calm , even after unfair accusations and cruel taunts and jests . it's a mellowness that is hard to find , but pleasing to see . i enjoy nonfiction almost exclusively . i recently started reading classical literature , but lately i'm finding that all i want to do is go back to reading nonfiction , since at least i'm enjoying ... i would conclude that it isn't god they worship , but the idea of god that's being worshiped ( that pile of dead trees ) . infallible texts allow their opinions to be infallible , a human desire that is ... i have no idea why you're always so hard on yourself , richard : i find you are one of the few on this site with consistently well-thought-out responses . you're a pleasure to read , and if your ... my most powerful , insightful , and productive thoughts come almost instantaneously for me ; by that i mean , i haven't thought them out , but as i'm explaining them , they come out as if i had thought ... crazyeddie i know , i know ; i just love arguing . even if i know that my opponents are likely to skip over logic in their arguments out of blind faith and belief , it's all fun and practice for me . :P ... actually , we see the evidence of these scientific theories around us all the time . especially in the case of evolution . there is so much evidence for evolution , it's absurdly sickening that people ... it's funny that you brought this up , because i was just thinking this exact same thing yesterday , except with intps in mind . it's weird when you're reading through the forum and you read a comment ... these are wise words . i really don't understand how people can play those types of games with each other , so i don't know how exactly i could help you in playing those games exactly , but i do believe ... sure , time spent with the family is important , especially for the growth of the kids . how old are you ? i'm just asking because it's possible that what we know as the priorities of the 1950s are ... oh , phew ! thank you , i feel so much better now . : happy : all these stalking stories are kind of scary . but all i can think about is , why aren't i interesting enough to be stalked ? :( oh god , what was that ? ! crazies get out of my head ! geez . thank god i'm a man and women aren't that attracted to / obsessed with me . your life scares me . :/ no one has jumped in yet to debate you in a while , so that's not a real concern . and i said take your time for clarity , but you brushed me off . why do you want more time then ? i never said there was ... then why is it even translated if translations are unholy ? and then why would you care who translated it if the translation can never be holy ? why would any of this matter ? you're making it ... the opposite can happen as well . when someone exclaims something like , you understand things so quickly , or , you're so clever , or what have you , those exclamations can catch me off guard . in the ... so , you're telling me some translations are just plain wrong ? how do you know which ones are right ? because they're in arabic ? can't people who wrote in arabic be wrong ? anyway , even if the ... hey , i'm not changing anything you've said . i'm quoting your words directly . you're telling me that medical experts should be allowed to direct you in religious decisions . doesn't your ... my brother and me in that description . yes , i'm insatiable in that regard . i'm cute as a button and my brain always itches . nuff said . hmm , i am a master of all of these things . who knew i could switch between the rational types so easily . poor , poor , crazy man : your definitions are all messed up ! : rolleyes : have you seen my boyish features ? i'm the epitome of cute . now , since there is no solid evidence supporting one side over another in this thread , it can only be said that we should fall back on ... true . when you go crazy , you typically come out entp . : tongue : well , poppets , look what i've wandered into : people with opinions . let the reign of terror begin . intjs are my brethren . i sometimes feel like i belong there more than in the intp forums because ... again , water intoxication can put you in a coma or kill you . i'm just saying that a coma probably fits the vague mind-fogger rule . that is a lot of stipulations . you should probably add some ... '