' dear anonymous , thank you for your help today - you are so right ! i do need to truly believe i am worthy , deserving of love , kindness , respect and so much more . please continue to help me to ... one of the greatest wisdoms imparted to me was - they need your love the most when they deserve it the least ! it is , for me , the most rewarding experience life can throw at you ( thus far - mine ... under 20 ' s julia bell ladybugnat 20 ' s alysaria ayasullivan buckeyeenfp yeah that's me ! ! i like to think i am fun - but firm when needs be . i cannot even begin to put into words what an incredible priviledge it is to be a dad ! i'm always concious that i could be a better ... oh yes ! ! ! i can't hold regrets though as i would not be who i am now and have 3 beautiful children like i do now ! ! :-) any of my 3 incredible kids to grow up and not love me : sad : li'l ole england ! ! yeah - since i was about 8 . however i did ' give up ' for nearly 20yrs after losing the use of one of my fingers in a rather stupid accident involving a frozen burger and a sharp knife and a crucial ... 1 ) stop procrastinating and finish the songs i am in the middle of writing . perform at least 1 of them at my next feature gig at the end of january . 2 ) get a new job - the one i'm in has turned me ... i agree with virtually everything that has already been said ! one of my favourite mottos in life is ... there is more than one way of cooking an egg ... : wink : i have been investigating enneagram types a bit more recently and i have come to the conclusion that i am actually a 9 - not a 2 . i can totally relate to what the op says . the other thing i would ... .. tell everybody else so that they can play too ! do you ever have those weird hypothetical questions floating around in your brain that you can't somehow solve ? lets see if we can get some answers - with the help of some weird and wonderful ... uh-oh ! here we go again ! ! somebody pass me the flak jacket ... haha ! : tongue : you are 57 % extrovert and 43 % introvert . independently of any order of importance : you are strong-willed and active , your actions are determined by your own will , by the goals you settled for ... woohoo ! so i'm not the ' eldest ' enfp , but i am currently the oldest male enfp - does that still mean i'm ' the daddy ' ? : wink : haha ! was a good read actually - was thinking of replying on it but thought better of it as it may have relighted the fire :-) oh lord - i've become sensible ( ish ) in my old age ... ... off to read the ' whores and sluts ' thread ... mojo 415 i have absolutely no idea what that symbol means ! kitteh ? still don't even know what that emoticon means : blushed : i just want to hibernate and wake up when it's getting warmer and the world is coming back to life ... just turned 40 ! ! does that make me the oldest enfp ? : shocked : whooo's the daddy : cool : enfpleasantly i don't think you're far off ! my enneagram is 2w1 , 7w6 , 1w9 abstract tan = type 7 violet = type 1 blue = type 2 well done you :-) abstract tan , violet and blue and here is violet - as it hasn't been posted yet ! violets are the inspirational visionaries , leaders and teachers who are here to help save the planet . most ... ok - where do i start ? my life is kind of in two halves - the first 20yrs and the second 20 yrs ! first 20 yrs . i was born into a family , with 2 brothers and 2 sisters , into a religeous sect ... haha ! - but i thought they were getting out of a car - not a pidgeonhole ... i'm sure i read somewhere that all the clowns in america had to register their make-up to make sure it was unique - ... i so need to find some females with bricks ! ! i was only talking to a mate earlier today and saying i need to find my ' radar ' so i can recognise women flirting with me ! ! i went out last night ... hahahaha ! ! ! this is so meee ! ! ! i may have to take a while to get my head around the concept before making any kind of rational comment : laughing : oh and slimpee - at first glance i think there are ... who have you performed any music in front of people ? i do quite a few open mic nights and have found it incredibly empowering to say the least ! the musicians and people who make an effort to ... dear 3 anons , no words could ever describe how much i love you ! ! or how immensley proud i am of you ! ! you are incredibly beautiful - not just on the outside - but inside too ! you will always ... i think you might be in the right place ... : wink : ... welcome ! november is never a good time of the year for me - start of winter , dark nights , less sunlight . it's like my body kind of goes into hibernation mode - i want to go to sleep and wake up in spring ... yes ! yes ! yes ! ! ! do it ! ! ! : cool : ... do not earn enough to do all the things i would so love to do :-( discovered whisky lullaby yesterday ! ! ! ( and yes i was crying by the time it had got to the end of the first verse ! ! ) i was playing a gig last week and a woman asked me if i could play it - never ... of course ! don't know whether i could help though :-) i've never hit anyone in anger yet - never been angry enough to do it ! wouldn't know whether it would hurt them or not lol . i would sneer , look down my nose at them and walk away . they'd better be ... a few month ago i stumbled across mbti and found out i was enfp . i then found this forum and was reading the .. i am an enfp and i ... thread . i was at work in the office and was merrily chuckling to ... brood , drink an old fashioned , and light up a stog : laughing : hahaha ! oh yes ! ! but that is me most nights ! ;-) when i was 12-13 , i got fed up with the teachers asking what the hell i'd written so i overcame it by writing in capitals ! still do to this day ! ! when i write fast it is just legible to the average ... yep ! that's me ! i'm too easily distracted by something else and can so easily forget i even received a text - then i feel really bad when i bump into them and remember : blushed : 40 next month ( yes the biggy - can't wait - party time ) , but still feel exactly the same as i was at age 20 - except a bit wiser ( in some areas ) from the years of experience . i think i will still ... hahahaha - sorry made me chuckle - maybe we should now change you name to muchaparamoron ! what was the thread again ... ? i have wondered about entering the counsellor / therapist route myself - a ... ... read the first couple of pages of a thread , then skip straight to the most recent page - then work backwards : rolleyes : makes more sense sometimes - think it's from years of practice trying to ... sorry i'm not from anywhere as exotic as texas ! ! - uk . i actually have considered whether there is a higher proportion of people who have escaped from cults being enfp rather than any ... [ quote = aquavenae ; 2913553 ] ... ( mega sheltered cult childhood , subsequent assimilation into the real world , christian to atheist , marriage to a mentally unstable drug addict , divorce ) ... wow ! ... i have a love / hate relationship with it - if i know the subject well and can improvise on auto-pilot then i love it . if not then i tend to be a bit more nervous . i think there is an element of ... arrrggghhh ! ! ! whilst reading the first 3 pages of posts i thought of at least 3 things that made me go hmmm ... except i can't remember what the hell they were now ! ! ! ... absofuckinglutely inspired ! ! ! think we need to keep this thread alive so that we can all report back on what we have changed since reading this ! ! ... need to spend more nights in ! ! ! ( only managed about 6 since new year ): shocked : as you spoke you must have known it was a kind of homicide i stood and watched my happiness drift outwards with the tide on the dunes on the dunes ( homicide on the dunes ) it wasn't ... '