' only now do i realize i made the fatal error of calling a side a crosswalk . thanks for catching me on that guys . there is no wrong side of the crosswalk . i dislike them . they're the type of people that will usually be tremendously rude by honking at me for not walking on the sidewalk side of the road . ya not following the regulations , so i'm gonna be ... i'll skype you . i'm a little more extroverted than you're average intp though , i'm an entp with enough rest and a good cup of coffee . i think this thread just went to the bathroom to get some viagra . i love how we're all lonely neckbeards that can't comment on this thread because we have no friends . astronaut 6-8 race car driver 8-10 lawyer 10-13 n / a 13-14 truck driver 14-15 graphic designer 15-16 cashier late 16 ( don't ask , i was just severely depressed ) detective now ( 17 ) you have no right to question authority you sheep . authority is unquestionable . if i say i'm authority i am , even if i operate our business in a stupid and inefficient fashion . your opinion is of no ... estj are always so bossy and hate when you question their authority . and just love it when their istj sheeples kiss up to them . oh . i got kind of horny off this . and making an intp horny is quite the feat . you got this in the bag . well it's not her mothering that gets on my nerves . it's more just our conflicting ideals . if i were to hate a type because they're my parent i could just as easily say i hate intp ( dad is intp ) , ... yes , but many ratings doesn't neccesarily mean that it's not one person rating in excess . i personally beleive that it is one person voting in excess , because the jump from practically no ratings to ... introduce an intp to an infj i know . my mother is an infj and she annoys the hell out of me . i just channel my rage into one long stream of logic . then i look back at my logical rant and think hey i'm a hypocrite and boom i calm down , because hypocrites have no right to be angry at others ... i don't think anyone really rates the threads anyways . so it could very well just be one vote from one person that always gives you one star . i think s just has to do with how practical you are . not necessarily how well you use your senses . more like just focusing on objective realities instead of potential possibilities . reverse psychology only works once . you do it twice and it's like multiplying two negatives . this is the place to dump anything stupid you've seen someone do or say recently that just cannot go unspoken of . example : today i saw a lady try to go through one door and it said on the front ... am i the only one who gets the joke an immense amount of sarcasm why you need to follow social norms . you tell me not to do something and i'll do it . sorry but this intp is here to stay : tongue : i think it's indirectly saying that we are the thinkers because of the stereotpyes that say we have a tendency not to act . and if you don't act you only think . thinkers though is a very broad ... i think some just have it for the shits and giggles . i can't say why intp in particular would partake in such a practice , but i can say that in general it's to fit in with the otaku community . well . i guess i can't say i haven't learned much about myself by the age of 17 , but more so that there hasn't been enough consistency in my personality to actually define it or even grasp the ... if you were to meet me your first impression would be intp . i'm still confused on my type . i don't fully trust the myer briggs results due to the fact that as i said i don't know myself that well so my precision is quite poor . but if i were to go by thise ... i wish i was one tbh thanks for clarifying . i've been somewhat disuaded by what i've seen on here , due to the fact that most if not all people in their respective forums tend to be very archetypal on this site . it's no ... ahem ... * i have bad social anxiety * i hate being around people * i'm fairly cold and shallow * i sit in my recliner all day esfp ? doesn't sound like it . esfp ? well i wouldn't really say i'm the life of the party or a bubbly ball of happiness . actually quite the opposite . 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... i'm yamol , and i live in lala land . i'm a neet that lives in a basement , and spends his time plotting against his mother's iron fist , watching anime , staring off into space , and talking about ... 1 . the vivid contrast of light and dark , especially the contrast of tress with the underbelly of the cliff . 2 . i don't know why i focus on the things i do to be honest , but if i were to make an ... 1 . the vivid contrast of light and dark , especially the contrast of tress with the underbelly of the cliff . 2 . i don't know why i focus on the things i do to be honest , but if i were to make an ... correction % 3 are psychopaths . that's just a stereotype . not all intp disregard what others think of them . finn doesn't think enough to be an intp . intp - kuroki ( from watamote ) infp most likely to be too self-righteous eh , i'm pretty unstructured , aimless , inconsistent as well . i can relate . ask me how i'd react in any given situation and i'd likely be undecided . '