' i cannot lie ;) the enormous amount of money that pro-israeli groups collect and use to influence global policy and public opinion should be used to purchase a land agreement with australia , whom i suspect would ... thanks guys i knew there was a reason i posted this here :) so i'm kinda looking for subjective , contextual examples as well as the wider picture , eg . for my article on reverence i cited the ... hi , basically this is more than the title ; i'm in amidst the writing of an article for my blog and as you likely don't know me i have severe m . e . and find it nearly impossible to get any writing ... lightleggy you know that feeling when you see a ridiculously overweight woman wearing insanely small leggings and you just think , why , oh why ? ! ? well , the reason is she's trying to be ... aww i love amelie lol :) why in the world would i refuse ? ! ? ? ? they are my friends and if they wanna know about mbti i'm going to tell them what i know about it . on this forum alone i've been asked repeatedly what ... old skool but i like it :D hell yes ! :) yes . and yes . lol :) loneliness unspoken the chains on me unbroken and all but for a token of your ever-hidden love those chains ; on i they weigh my love ; it hides away but all i ache to say shall ne'er be ... lead and co-starring roles accepted - no obscure ' glorified extras ' please :D remember aslo - the character ; not the actor ... : ninja : thanks - ye thats the sort of thing i was after . i don't care too much about typing them precisely because i dont believe mtbi is a science anyways but it would be nice to be armed ... under the broken spell of sunlight he laid his victim down he tore into her soft , white flesh . she barely made a sound as the life that once was her drifted away toward the light and then , to end , ... - your wallet / purse - your legs - your heart ... and i mean right now in your life , not like right now right now this second lol :) what questions could i ask to try to determine which type they might be ? or are there any good online resources for this , without me having to learn all about the 16 types in depth ? thanks ... i totally agree ! ! a picture may tell a thousand words but sometimes in literature a thousand words is needed to paint a picture ! pls tell me ur joking ... it totally depends on what kinda people you like to attract the middle is the classiest for sure , but the first one is a nice ' all-purpose ' do :) also you're in different places so its hard to ... i keep hearing on tv about drunk people or weird fetishy people needing medical help because they got their penises stuck in something . usually i just laugh , as i am right now haha lol , but seriously ... i just got this lol ... hatti - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i always thought that hatti was the land , hattusa the capital and hittite their adjective weird lol :) do you happen to know the ... sorry i've not read everything up to here but i just want to say my piece on this ... there may or may not be a correlation between iq and certain mbti types . however , such a correlation might be ... sorry i think you've lost me - the hittites were hatti , right ? the way brazilians are brazil ? i bet that was good visitng ugarit . you been to sidon ? i would love to visit alexandria in ... yes indeed - poesidon worshippers ! ! lol :) the greek city states were who i had in mind when speaking of the allies of egypt & hatti . at the height of the hittite's power the mycaneans , trojans , ... i like ur style lol :) what i believe about the sea peoples is that they were decomissioned military from around the east med powers like hatti & egypt ( & their allies ) who had just signed the world's first written peace ... ha lol thx me too :) i actually got to the end of that list and had to remind myself tis not my thread and i should probably stop lol im sure both of us could come up with some ideas pretty ... so many options aah lol :) ' the sacking of the great library at alexandria ' the moment hannibal barca's army had rome surrounded ' secret kissinger negotiations in 70s with suharto and the ... interesting :) what do you think of the hollywood movie version ? it's highly criticised for its fictionalised details but i liked how the knights in the film came from sarmatia and were ... fyi : if you aren't a fan of the show ' 24 ' then you may not get the jokes & references ... i thought art was mostly stationary ;) playing online once on xbox grand theft auto 4 free mode and it was usually filled with kids anyways this american kid was friendly enough but i could barely believe it when he asked if they had ... after looking at the defnitions a while back i placed myself in the grey-a category - im not entirely asexual but without intimacy im not interested . and i guess by intimacy i mean what many would ... it's how i feel when im speaking with people whose words take far longer to come out than their facial expressions ( older generations usually lol ) it's like i know what they are about to say and i ... am i allowed to post my own downfall meme ? its not really promoting cus i dont get anything from it and its the only vid i ever made i like anna kendrick right now she's stunning ... also some of the most beautiful actresses i think are ... rose ... thanks ... some more info to hone your advice further ... there are two things which i think might help me with tefl - firstly , since i was a boy i've always had an exceptional understanding of ... hi im glad i saw this thread ... im basically sick and practically bedbound but i do have belief i will improve and a part of my recovery plan is to migrate to a warmer climate . one of the ... tomato garden = = = an old gentleman lived alone in new jersey . he wanted to plant his annual tomato garden , but it was very difficult work , as the ground was hard . raystormx your catholicism is entirely separate from your intp-ness . and lol there is something you said which sums up your type perfectly ... pure blind faith [ is ] absurd couldn't agree more ! ! ... 1 ) do all your practicing on a difficult guitar as opposed to an easy one with nylon strings . ( i'd recommend owning both though ) - this way you will later find playing on any guitar easier in ... yes , indeed it could have been the case . although were that the case he was likely mad . forensic examination of the text reveals though that most of the manuscript was written almost continually - ... i won't deny you've give here some compelling testimony of the tunguska evidence . it is just that i simply must maintain that the tunguska event is not considered to be an ... lol the only pic of me ever looking happy haha :D ... 70089 i heard a quote lately but i dont recall it all that well ; it goes something like this ... wealth cannot buy happiness . but neither can poverty . perhaps dave , because astronomy is their field . similarly , i bet there are few psychics who believe edgar cayce was a con artist . i am not suggesting it was caused by anything other than a ... ok , expeditions after the fact hardly count as witnesses , if that's what you were getting at ? that said , however , i do recall there being ' witness accounts ' of some of the surviving tribesfolk who ... lol you know i'm the op right ? i know this theory . i just don't think it's safe to call it fact . the consensus isn't all that significant and even vary on details among themselves . hence why i ... i know what you mean . none of my friends knew i was remotely intellectual - i subconsciously hid that side of me from them . and all my life i've been a different person depending on who i'm ... '