i haven't been in this * exact * situation but my best friend is a female infj and i currently have a bit of a mutual interest thing with a male intj ( i know , i know , infjs and intjs are very different ... i relate to a lot of this . especially the part about school . i loved getting good grades and being the best , i guess that's my competitive side . i was a bit of an overachiever until i eventually got ... and this is why i'm not keen on drinking around certain friends . oh god the potential embarrassment ... but fuck it who cares if i embarrass myself ? :D estps , infjs , esfps , enfps , istjs , intps , intjs . i have the most fun with the extroverted types and the best conversations with the introverted ones . it's a broad generalization but it's true . ahaha that's awesome ! just when you think you've got estps figured out , we start acting in unexpected ways again :p it sounds like you already know this , but he's totally into you . dang what a cold bunch . :p i touch people a lot . my love language is physical touch so i guess that coincides a little with my approach to friendly touching ( for example if i don't like someone ... for me ... if i'm flirting ( lots of touching , suggestive jokes , etc ) i'm probably not interested , because i do that with like everyone . it's when i get really awkward that you can tell i actually have ... i was literally just complaining to my friend about unsolicited advice . yuck . i try not to make judgments about types before meeting them though ... hopefully i can meet some that break the ... intjs : i'm only close friends with one , but he's cool . we don't always agree but there's a level of mutual respect and understanding there . plus he's funny , that makes up for any issues . intps : we ... have lots of experiences . travel . find great friends . help people . that's all pretty vague though , i don't see anything specific . i just want to be happy and i tend to find happiness in god , good ... whoa . that's probably the simplest and best description of being in an se-fe loop i've ever read . estp female : 83 % ( or was it 87 % ? ) masculine 45 % feminine 53.333 % androgynous ron is most definitely an esfp haha . there's also christian universalism , in which you don't even have to repent ( in the traditional sense ) to be forgiven of your sins . there isn't some weird demand for you to feeel sorry , instead ... your result : driver 91 % let's do it my way . desire to have control . needs sense of obedience , appreciation for accomplishments , credit for ability . key strengths are ability to take charge of ... twinsies entp and enfp . like no guys , just because i can have an intelligent conversation with you does not mean i'm an intuitive . i'm a bit of both slytherin and gryffindor . slytherin , because of the resourcefulness and determination ( but i'm missing the ambition ) and gryffindor because of the daring and bravery ( but i'm ... heeey i'm an estp chick ! i like guys who are fun , outgoing , adventurous , witty , etc . i'm bored by shy people or people who just want to talk about the same things over and over . i'm excited by ... my friend gave me a slytherin t-shirt :D i was fat . wow , i should try your method . all this time i've been sacrificing virgins ! i like intps . we communicate well and we get each other's humor . they can be a bit awkward , but nothing serious oh , sorry i didn't specify . most definitely good . :) my stepdad . he's totally changed my view on god , spirituality and the like ... which is something that ultimately , really does matter and for me personally it changes the direction of my entire life . estp obv get frustrated and try to remember never to debate with them again it bums me out a little ( of course ) , but i bounce back in a heartbeat . no lasting effect for me , it's both . i'm intimidated * because * i respect them , and i get a little insecure because i feel like they're better than me . but maybe i have the wrong definition of intimidating . i'm not ... a little ... my best friend thought i was an entp before i told her my type , and i'm perfectly capable of having an intellectual conversation with someone . it's just not something i enjoy doing for ... sure . i'd have to learn first , but i could do it . i'm just gonna leave this adorable comic here . why does it matter if there are any hard feelings ? it doesn't sound like he's a very close friend , or that you'd be losing anything special . all of these lol . the middle one is weirdly specific , but like , it makes perfect sense to me because i know exactly what you're talking about . i was feeling really down one day and the only ... i got estp back when i was 11 . took it again a couple years ago as a shy teenager and got istp , realized semi recently that i have more se than ti and more fe than ni , so estp now . dude , you're completely misunderstanding me . i don't do that . like , i literally started off by saying how much i like making others feel good . that's not gonna happen if i'm rude or mean to them , ... infj . for opposites , it's weird how well we get along . my other close friends are esfp , enfp , istj , and intp . i said pretending . it's mostly in my humor . so no , i don't mean being rude , pissing people off , or picking on them . partially , yeah . i feel so great about myself when i make other people happy . like , i may amuse myself by pretending to be a heartless bitch , but deep down it's awesome to know people like me ... if the estp is actually an asshole , then no it's not your fault . but generally , estps are pretty charming and care about the impression they make on others ( even if they like to pretend they don't ) ... geez , you seem to have very little respect for estps in general just because one of them happened to be an asshole . yes , i have real friends . not heaps , but i have a few people who mean a lot ... oooh , very true . also motivations ... se doms would like travel for the sensory experience , ne for the culture ( ? ) , fe for the people they'd meet , etc etc . i don't fully understand the question but it seems kinda rude . how is it possible we have friends ? we're fucking fun to be around and can be pretty loyal to those we care about . do you think ... generally yeah , sps suck at planning . personally i'm pretty good at it but that's only out of necessity . if i actually want to hang out with my friends , i'm the one who has to organize and plan ... wow , kudos to them . i guess the reason i don't usually get along with them is because all the esfjs i'm close to were brought up super conservatively , and that coupled with fe-si is a bit much . i ... no . kinda repetitive but lol , so estp hahahahahahaha no . source : i'm an estp and i have enfp friends . types that are strong in fe ? nooo way . most esfjs and i are like oil and water . infjs and isfjs are fine , but god , not the others pls . 