' infj male here in love with and mutual attraction between and with intp female sent from my iphone using tapatalk forgive my romanticism , but this song melts my heart . from the most popular indian hindu movie ever dilwale dulhania le jayenge – male – tujhe dekha to ... favorite lines from these songs posted beneath vid clips it's you that i adore , you'll always be my wh * re ... and i'll pull your crooked teeth , ... confess to moodiness , lack of inertia in the mornings meaning i find it hard to start my day when i'm down . i go through cycles of moods , and i can't predict them . some weeks i am hopeful about life ... what does jesus is con-substantial with the father mean ? i tested as entj 14 years ago , which on reflection did not resonate with me , all i felt was just a black / white cold dullness within my intuition . then i recently re-tested as enfj but still the ... hi . what do you recommend are the best mbti books to purchase for study and learning about mbti and function typing analysis ? i have two ; please understand me ii by david kiersey and gifts ... hey . how i recharge depends . some days or weeks i can't get up in the energy sense because i need to recharge by spending an hour or so quietly reflecting , gathering myself , in short recharging ... i had something like your experience at aged 14 . i was rebelling against my parents , playing up , being stubborn and giving them the silent treatment . for 3 months i didn't talk to them . any way long ... i think i'm an infj and when i watch a movie , particularly romance , i empath all the characters , particularly the leads , and when they cry i cry , when they love i love . even 3d can't match that huh ! i strongly suspect i am infj but i don't want to be , i guess that's my way of saying that i have rarely been comfortable with my self and my life , or in short it's been hard , very hard being me . ... reply to jawz what were you like as a child ? i mainly have a sense of blending into everything ; family , books , friends , school , activities . i remember one fight between my brother and myself and ... the most painful events in my life have been the result of too much empathy . empathy has defined my life . is that infj ? when i do the mbti the results are enfj but when i have done the cognitive test it's returned infj each time ( 3 ) . am i prejudging or biasing my own mbti self-assessment towards extraversion ? please ... belief in god or thinking about god utilizes the intuitive function rather than thinking or senses . i see many make the mistake of trying to understand god with their thinking or sense function and ... not sure if i'm infj ( cognitive functions test results ) or enfj ( mbti test ) but my religion is christianity with catholic charismatic temperament type lol . the results from the cognition test . please advice thank you . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ... belief in god and religion fall squarely within the domain of the intuitive mind . god cannot be experienced or understood through the senses , but through flashes of insight after deep and long ... since the mbti test is self-assessed , it may be that some have a blind spot into their own inner life , as in the case of males who seem to be more t than females . like myself , when answering the ... i'm christian . i could talk about god all day long . yes i have definite views , and i have tried to be open-minded about all truths before deciding which one is the absolute truth . i reject ... mmm . i don't move on very well at all . i hold on to my love for years and years and years . because i believe in the heart and when i commit , i really commit . it really begs the question of how deeply ... i believe my father is an intj and my dearest love tested as an intj and i love them both to pieces . i don't know if i was attracted to my honey because of her intj qualities . although her cool ... tool , alinis morrisette , smashing pumpkins , kate bush ( the empathic emo's ) andy williams , tom jones , engleburt humpadink , jay sean ( the romantic crooners ) ok i have a question . for many years i thought i was a thinker , and i tested as an entj in 96 . i've always been academically nimble and astute , whatever i've turned my mind to i've easily understood ... to love . love is life's biggest and best adventure . my favorite person in the whole whole world is an intj / infj '