why does it have to be one or the other ? i think it's possible to be both fair & kind . i've been trying figure out what to say to this . i've have no relationship experience so i'm not sure if what i say will really be helpful but here is my outsider perspective . i feel like staying ... you have a miniature zoo . xd i would like to own lots of pets but they require lots of work and i can be lazy at times . lol i'm kinda scared of pet rats but i do like hamsters and geckos and turtles ... welcome ! : kitteh : my favorite colors are black and white . i have heard that black and white are not technically colors , so if i could not chose them i would chose purple or jewel tone colors . i also like ... congrats ! : kitteh : it has happen to me only twice , thankfully . the first i didn't really freak out but i realized i was mentally awake but physically unable to move . the second time i did freak out and i remember ... i can't get my mention to work but congrats ningsta kitty . : kitteh : party time ! !  here's something i need to let out . i feel a bit left out when people talk about love and relationships . well , i don't know if left out is the best way to describe that , more like awkward . i ... chocolate parfait fruit salad ...  it is . :D chrono trigger is one my favorite games . <3 i just admire them from afar and hope they eventually notice me . if we were acquaintances , i'd look for excuses to try to spend time with them . they're a couple of options i have thought about but i haven't settled on which one i want for certain . i could donate my body or organs to science . i could be cremated and have my ashes spread ... i owe myself happiness kindness forgiveness love no i'm not totally sure but thanks to a thread i read on fe i'm sure that i'm an aux user of that function . i'm still a newbie in my knowledge of cognitive functions . here is the thread that ... i find this behavior very um .. , threatening . threatening might sound extreme but i don't know how else to describe it . that guy in the video sounds like a sleaze , creep , scumbag , douchebag ... i ... history of cosmetics this thread should be a sticky . :D ... i plan on learning japanese at some point but i'm focusing on becoming fluent in my heritage language ( spanish ) first . here is a website people might find useful . nihongo e i also ... 1 . ) art 2 . ) music 3 . ) nature 4 . ) putting a smile on someone's face 5 . ) my personal fashion style  ...   ... i don't think i could tell you what the best book to learn drawing is because i feel that is subjective , but they're books that are better than others . i second this . in case you are not ... i do struggle with perfectionism and it's part of the reason why i never get anything done . lowering my standards feels like a personal failure or like i'm settling for mediocrity . this ... i don't think i have someone who i could be like that with and i'm not sure if i want to . i used to be an open book with people but i've been burned one too many times . most people around me feel ... those pictures are so pretty , thanks for sharing ! i now want to go to keukenhof gardens in the netherlands it looks like a fairy tale . i enjoy some shoegaze but i'm not totally knowledgeable about the genre .  i overthink all the the time . i haven't been on here too long and i don't have a picture of myself posted so i'm not really worried at the moment . 1.your best friend . someone who's close to me would probably know lots of ... i hope it's ok to still post in this section even though i found out my real type . i like this forum . : happy : i'm excited for the fireworks today . thank you for those links . based on what i read i would be an infj since i relate to se more than te . i especially relate to what the infj is like in a grip . i have to do some reading on this type ... 2 . liberalists – focused on the rights of the people 7.pacifists – focused on peace and making living conditions better 9.culturists – focused on enhancing cultural understanding ... i need to re-explain myself on my thoughts when it comes to this thread . what i wrote was stream of conscious word vomit . :p that's what i get for posting when i'm too tired to write and in a sleep ... tired and unwell . i need to fix my sleeping pattern again . there is a thunderstorm going on outside and it just scared the crap out of me right now . :( i don't take mbti or being an infp that seriously . it's interesting to read but it's nothing more than a general guideline to me . it can help me get some basic insight about myself but at the end of ... i can't just say one character so here's a list . squall [ ff8 ] bolin [ lok ] shikamaru [ naruto ] trent [ daria ] i haven't drawn for a couple of years now and i just recently started again . i plan on getting serious about my art work now . this is my current skill level and i have a lot of practicing to do . this ...