' thats quite disturbing , i hope you can move to a safer country before that happens i don't think your crazy for saying that , after all things like that have happened in the past , especially with political movements . it could be possible there is a political group that wants to use ... it's really disturbing to see how the political climate is going around the world . here in canada many people are calling out for a socialist revolution and the government and media are trying to ... thanks , i'm definitely glad it's not something worse . i'm hoping that the pills the doctor prescribed will help . i've already taken some , and so far the nerve pain has been minor compared to the ... it's definitely some of the worst pain i've ever felt . when it happens i get hot stabbing pains on the right side of my face , it prevents me from being able to do anything . all i can really do is sit ... agreed : laughing : i was diagnosed with trigeminal neuralgia today , the nerve pain in my face , head and neck was getting so bad i decided to go back to the hospital to see another doctor . after they ran some tests and ... even if i like the movie , my mind often wanders off and finds something else to do . i've had a migraine the passed few days . : sick : thanks : tongue : hmm , didn't realize the ability to shape alternate realities with our own minds was maladaptive , i suppose through the eyes of the cultural engineers it is seen as such because we aren't very ... yes i often retreat to my imaginary world to relax and have fun , especially nowadays with all the craziness going on in the world . my imaginary friends and i have all kinds of adventures and ... you are special , you are a unique individual , and you don't have to prove yourself to anyone . :p roud : although i don't know you personally , i think your a cool guy , and i feel i can relate to a lot of your posts , including this post . i often feel people don't like me as well , but then i remind ... i don't think your being to aggressive or pushy for speaking your mind , i'm not bothered by it at all , and all though i can't speak for anyone else , i can't see why anyone else would be bothered , ... luna fleur it's ok don't feel bad for needing to talk about how your feeling , it can help to vent . i too have always felt like i don't belong . sometimes i feel like i was born on the wrong planet , ... indeed , it is quite the conundrum , though i'm feeling a bit better now that i had a nap on the couch , and i just made a delicious stir fry , so at least that's risen my spirit for the time being . feeling isolated and lonely , but at the same time i don't want to be around other people . : confused : i often cry with movies music and stories that invoke strong emotions .  lady pirate it's ok i cried too . it's perfectly normal to cry , and it feels good to let out all those trapped emotions . just know that even though theres so much anger and cruelty in this world , ... this one goes out to the people of percafe . : cheerful : jasoul welcome to the forum . : happy : allyrah well said , this has been on my mind as well . so many people get stuck in their own belief systems , that they can't see how similar they are to the people they claim to hate . i just wish ... tina belcher lol could be the beard , other then that it's not intentional . i agree . i use mason jars all the time for preserving food , and now i'm going to try my luck growing food in them . they're just so handy to have , and much better then plastic containers . my new favorite youtube channel . : laughing : i have a group of friends that i play d & d with every friday . it's a real blast , we have a lot of fun . i play as a grippli investigator , my perception is so high i see everything . : frog : recently i watched the silent film metropolis which was quite a powerful film , i felt compelled to watch it the whole way through , which says a lot because i struggle to sit through most modern ... i've been struggling a bit with my health as of late . about 4 years ago i got bell's palsy which ended up healing about 90 % and leaving me with permanent nerve damage on the left side of my face ... nothing is set in stone , the concept of worth is a creation of the mind . it's humans that seek to place worth on things , based on how well it serves us . in modern times worth is typically measured by ... i think only you would know the answer to that . if someone is pressuring you to do something you don't feel is right then i think it's better to follow your instincts . that being said there's nothing ... i was going off the idea that what might be good for one person isn't necessarily good for another , so i didn't want to give you advice that would lead you astray from your path in life . i guess ... : cool : i'm goin it solo , like han solo ... though han solo had kids ... so never mind , not like han solo ... take a lesson han , don't have kids . i think it's more then obvious that racism is foolish and short sighted , but it's quite worrying when the label of racist has become code for enemy of the state . one of the most difficult things in life is to maintain authenticity while the whole world is trying to force you into a mold . it's not my place to say whats right or wrong for you , but you did ...  here's a few of my favorites . : joyous :   '