' i'm realising the last time i posted on here was in 2014 . here i am though , and i'm not entirely sure what sparked it lol . but woah , it's like stepping into a time machine reading my old posts . i've ... something i've realised recently is that i have a very strong sense of atmosphere . i think atmosphere is something most people take in subconsciously . i notice all of it . the smell of the air , the ... christ , not again . everytime i ' fix ' my sleep , it's always short lived . i had like a little over a week of going to bed at around 1-2 am and getting up 10-11 am . which is like astounding for me . but ... 1 . err . can't say i've had many interactions , other than on here . does anyone want to be my friend ? o ao .. 2 . it might be different when it comes to doing things in person . but i have an intj friend ... if i could only express to you the number of times i have experienced this . it happened yesterday . few things make me feel more alone than when it's like the people around you don't even hear you ... and the thing is ... i don't totally blame people for trying it the first time around . some people do need advice , a ton of peoples problem is a lack of information . but when i explain this to them ... when people think that informing me is helping me . rarely is my problem ever a lack of information . it's generally a lack of motivation . being told things i already know just stresses me out more and ... solutions are like taking pain killers . they don't really heal anything , they just dull the pain . prevention is like nuitrition . it stops the health problems from ever occuring in the first place . it ... i find myself really for the first time telling myself that i need to stop thinking . not all together , ofcourse . well .. anxiety disorder has been controlling me . i've found that i always anticipate ... there are few things that irritate me more than being asked why i'm so quiet . i found this image that couldn't be more relevant . 151082 maybe i'm the one who's right-side up and you're all sideways ... 137161 i wasn't mad haha . just sharing my thoughts . i figured it was supposed to be humorous , i just get a bit sick of all that stuff . i didn't mean to sound like i was going off on you . x'd and i ... mehhh . i hate political parties in general , the whole thing is counter productive . all it accomplishes is constricting people and people generalizing everyone who's part of - insert classification ... e ue yeaa , not sure how anyone could get a long with a person like that . and i don't have a problem with religious beliefs , so long as that aren't a lunatics about it . ohlawd . 135585 trillions of things we use in our everday lives are illusions . time being a lovely example . i'm not going to sit here and list them all but i don't entirely see why it matters either way . shallowness is pretty high up on my list . but the great thing is that many times you can tell if it's present during first impressions . if the conversation starts with ' hey beautiful . ' i'm done . to ... #storyofmylife sometimes i will even ask someone a question and unintentionally zone out . then realise i heard nothing of what they said . i feel awful when i do it , i don't mean to make people ... i really like close ranged classes , or tanks . stuff like daggers / axes / hammers / lances , whatever . it's fun to play around with other things from time to time though . i'm a big mmo fan , currently in ... i swear i'm not trying to be witty or sarcastic when i say literally everything . it's been pretty out of hand as of lately . i just get the biggest kick out of people who try to associate the length of your hair with femininity etc . freaking luls , amiright ? some people reach such an astounding level of stupidity .. you almost have to admire them for it . i've recently discovered that i have an anxiety disorder . and good god .. the amount of things it explains . all of the things i had no answer to suddenly make perfect sense . never sleeping , jumping ... this is very simillar to how i react to hypocrites , it's something that bothers me quite a bit . i can be a very pleasant , easygoing , and even passive person . but when someone is being a hypocrite i ... exactly . i've done this before . like there was someone online bullying my friends once . they made some comment about my friends typing skills . but of course ... there was an error in their comment so ... i agree . i'm never insensitive about it . i honestly can't see someone getting hurt because i say ocd however . i do think some medical conditions shouldn't be joked about . the ones in the picture ... i know there's plenty of people out there who get angry when someone says they're ocd .. when they're likely not . but you know what pisses me off ? the stuck up people who take it that seriously . if ... whoever came up with the answers for 1 vs 100 is a genius . they're freaking priceless . here's some i still remember : q - who played james bond in quantum of solace ? one of the options was jenny ... dat awkward moment when you're reading an article on yahoo about how sitting all day and eating too much meat and cheese is apperently as bad as smoking whilst sitting on the computer and eating a ... too few are the people that realize the way is which problems are typically approached is a problem of it's own , and a massive one at that . amen . the word ' smart ' is one i use very carefully for that very reason . i also stop myself from saying ' common sense ' , common sense is no longer something one should desire . it just feels ... i'm totally there with you on that . i've been wanting to do something like that myself . i mean .. i don't want to just be a lazy bum for the rest of my life . it's just this typical path is of no ... oh , no i wasn't trying to imply that . that just happens to be one of the things society still makes me feel guilty about not wanting to do . i wouldn't speak down on people for choosing it . i don't ... nah i totally get you , i do the same . i'm decent at small talk .. i don't always enjoy it but i'm used to it . it can also be useful to counter my intense awkwardness . the video is pretty ranty .. i ... right ? favorite part : ' oh , hows the weather ? ' we don't ask them that . why ? why don't we ask them that ? because it's fucking stupid . you know how the weather is , you're fucking in it . heheh , i'm ... man , it's insane . it's insane that no matter how smart i know that i am , no matter how much i realise that society is garbage ... i still feel the pressure . immense pressure . no matter how much ... ... the lyrics from 3:55 to 7:03 . they make my brain feel good , i don't even know what that means , but hnnng so poetic . just yes . i procrastinate like it's my job . ... well if that isn't ironic , considering procrastination is likely to blame for my lack of one . lul . i know those feels , hardcore . i constantly feel like their isn't enough time in the day to get even basic things done , or that i'm ' busy ' .. and yet i literally spend like all day doing nothing . it's like i need time specifically ... oh boy . i think i should just keep my mouth shut . people always get the wrong idea , and i'm to blame really . otl i was never trying to make children sound incompetent , or unable to figure things ... i just want to share this . this is really relaxing . put this video on full screen 1080p and put your face really close to the screen ( lol ) . it's probably best with headphones too . if you focus on ... it's funny because the squirrel got dead . dug is the best . i hope i didn't make my opinion sound like i believed it was a fact . if i did it was a mistake . i was in a bad mood yesterday . you said ' ' being a bit of a tomboy ' does not make parents decide ... i can't see whoever said that following the same logic with straight people . what a ludicrous arguement , pahah . the only thing remotely similar i think is valid is to say children don't know who ... here's something that reallly irritates me . people who think that just because i haven't directly experienced / done something that it means i can't have valid and sound views on it . to make matters ... i love analogies and metaphors , similes . i've become so effortlessly skilled in creating them . putting my thoughts into words often requires it . i think i could be a rapper if i wanted to .. pahah . a ... so hilareous , so accurate . 92580 wellp . i'm 20 now , and not sure how i feel about it . still don't look it . i think when i'm 21 i'm going to buy alcohol just to confuse the cashiers . i couldn't care less about drinking .. at least ... so i just randomly felt like drawing , and this is where my mind went ... 91392 lul . '