' hello . i understand how your mind is running now . but most people do not , and will not think this far or complicated about things . so you can give meaning to other people . this is not futile for ... hi gorenzel . if you would not care , this post would not be here . you would not want to stop drinking , you would not concern about who your friends are . fact is you care so much you can not handle it ... you should realise people will always gossip and talk about others . especially when they stand out in any way . you do not have to see this as flattery . but you can see it that you touched peoples ... ok i feel like replying to this . many people seem lonely , affraid to open up , looking for deep relationships . looking for that one person who fully understands you . i'm only 28 , and i'm already ... yes , this happens from time to time . things you could do are mindless activities . as you don't feel the urge to do anything , running or walking , or working with my hands , is enjoyable for me when i'm ... tbh if you were my friend and you said that , i would understand . i don't like it when people throw irrational anger at me . i receive this way too strong and i just want to understand you so i can ... opening up really is the best healing you can get for yourself . nice post starry . no , i understand what you are saying . but the current problem of rage can be put on hold for now . alcohol gives you no excuse . ok possible the rage will manifest with other things . but you will ... i agree with lovabie . talking is very good to relief stress . sometimes you just want to be heard . sometimes when i don't need talk , but the ' me-time ' , i go walking with my dog in nature . this ... well , everybody is another person when he is drunk .. i'm a jolly drunk , sometimes a bit to the annoying side aswell . but it doesn't matter . i advice you to stop drinking ... your problem seems ... back to the question of telling her . i wouldn't . it would become awkward i think . you don't even know for sure if you like him that way , or vice versa . he does not know you are bi ? which i think ... it is hard to tell the motives without meeting this guy . from what you write , it does seem like you met at a bad moment . few weeks after breakup ? this guy was not ready for anything new . i ... i have lost it a few times in public . few times at work .. people didn't know what hit them . started having this more and more the last months actually . any stimuli was just too much and made me ... * how do you define success ? succes is not measureable , so one must enjoy the small things in life , and start counting . * how important is luck in achieving success ? i believe everybody creates ... it reminds me of this one : x93may you - work like you don't need the money , love like you've never been hurt , dance like no-one is watching , screw like it's being filmed , and drink like a true ... i envy most of you . i can not cry myself . i'm trying to . sometimes i can get my eyes blurry .. but really .. crying .. seems impossible . i think deep down i'm fighting it . because i know no other ... hi reality . i felt strongly about replying to you . because even tho my lowest was a lot of years ago . i feel like this moment changed me for the rest of my life . i still live my life with ups ... youtube - jonny lang - breakin ' me live i'm sorry : happy : edit : youtube - wish you were here i've cut the quotes because it got too long . but these say for me all i need to remember all those words . i like how you both explained the same thing . in other words .. which makes it even more clear ... lol : crazy : good thing i'm very competitive . hi female infj . i wasn't really talking about a specific situation . i was thinking about plenty of them when i was writing . i think my previous reply gives more insight in which context i am ... you hit the nail on the head fromtheworldup . i do know when people misunderstand what i am trying to say.it is something i instantly know . i know we all have different values in life and i embrace ... thank you so much for your words and thoughts katey . it is amazing that i could find understanding in misunderstanding here . after reading this i was thinking . what probably is the most ... it bothers me that people misunderstand me because i am able to see things from another direction . this is something that is becoming more obvious to me ... or .. bothering me more and more . i think ... you know .. i ask myself this question every now and then . most of the time , and in most of the replies i've read , you can ask yourself , after answering . what is stopping me from doing this right ... i'm not really an every day visitor here , so i don't know the history about your posts .. but i like some of the things you write here . i can relate to this . i also experienced this ... i don't ... i can relate very well with you . i'm going through this period .. a good friend married , a best friend got kids , ... a lot of things are changing and everybody is moving on . i'm learning that ... in order to change the world , you simply use the media . : crazy : i say yes to improvement . both on the in - and outside . i believe one can improve , if one understands . so i try to understand my ' projects ' used to have a deadline . but by now i ... the five senses ... here on the infj forum we only talk about the six senses : mellow : ... but to come back on topic . i hear more sounds than others ( around me ) .. but i'm high sensitive when it ... first of all , i have not read all replies yet . but this is an interesting topic . i wanted to get my words out before i am completely distracted . yes . why ? sometimes i just fantasize about ... true . but understanding the true potential of an infj is like watching life from behind a glass with some * feeling gloves in it . * define : feeling gloves - thin gloves attached to glass in ... i know why i am overrated . i can totally shift everything in myself , into everything that another person needs . my reaction , my action , my interest , ... everything . this is simply ... nature . ... let me tell you why it is not ok to carry your girls purse . first of all . before you go out you ask them , honey , do you really need to bring along such a large handbag , or , sweety , do you ... looks like we all have the same problem . i can relate a lot with what balderdash said . i don't run away tho . what i do is , i test people . which usually makes them run away . : crazy : i ... losing a close female friend is something i can relate with . we loved each other ... but different . it was like there was this connection between us . i can't explain . i loved her for the person she ... i knew about astrology before i had even heard about imbt . theories about ourselves are always interesting to read about . ... to think about . i could totally relate to you , zomboy . sun : ... i don't think this is called maturity but responsibility . so something did happen to you which triggered these fears . maybe not directly to you , but your environment ? did anything changed ? how long ago did you experienced these feelings ? ungweliante gives some very good advice on how to deal with it . it would work for me . tho , i am curious , if you are willing to share .. you said : were these fears rational ? like , did you had ... the reason you keep changing is because something is bothering you . you need to find out what that something really is . and seems like you did the question is not how do i get it back , but how did ... two different questions . i'm most passionate about everything that concerns me . and everything that interests me , concerns me . these interests change frequently and go from silly things , to more ... 25 . it is interesting to know a persons age . not that it really matters . ( in most cases ) haha goosfraba . : laughing : i do this aswell . :p roud : but have you tried sport ? no better way to get rid of any rage . an infj who is taken for granted . : shocked : new to me ... but seriously , it is hard , but an infj has to try and think more about themselves . you can be selfish and still be a good person . ... hi there council . welcome to the cafe . it is a good place for some of us infj's to find some understanding . when i read your story i know how you must feel . i also had these moments where i ... well i do not discuss any details ... i just tell them i'm down . this is enough for me , and for them . ... mmm . think about it . it is like we have a split personality . i accepted these dark periods for myself . as dailybranflakes i also try to enhance these feelings . sometimes i need days , sometimes hours . the people ... '