' i feel as though i'm being incredibly rude to people lately . i have been jumping down people's throats the second they tell me something . i can't even count the times i've said the words you're so ... oh , gosh ... i don't know where to begin ... worst book - gone . oh my gosh , i hated almost all the characters ! there were only two characters that i could actually tolerate . the main characters friend ... hahah . never noticed that ... she says that i have a mood disorder of some kind . basically how she explained it to me was that my senses are better at turning on than turning off . so , i assume that it relates to my obsessiveness ... ever since i was little , i've been a bit obsessive , but over the past few years it's become almost unbearable . sometimes i get so obsessed with eating a specific kind of food or my own deranged ... eh ... that's a hard question . no , i don't personally think your a terrible person for having a outburst of rage . has she been looking for work ? or has she just been doing nothing all day ? either way , ... i'm an infp and i believe i am a type a . i get stressed easily and like to be ' perfect ' every time . although , i'm not organized ... at all ... then again , i am very creative and love exploring ideas , ... not really , no , of course not . i'm not a professional , it's just what came to mind . after all , one of my best friends has aspergers and he has problems connecting to people . besides , i didn't post a ... well , firstly , ask yourself a question : why do you want attention so much ? is there a reason why you like attention so much ? do you feel like no one appreciates you ? this could also relate to your ... i agree with all three of them . the truth of the matter is is that she knows so much about japan , yet , so little at the same time . for example , she knows all the facts without really understanding ... hahahah . it's possible . also , sometimes she talks about stuff in japan that i know way more about than she does ( rarely ) and i just stare at her like she's got two heads . because it's not even ... i know this girl , she's my friend , who doesn't particularly care for america . ( we live in america ) the truth of the matter is she likes japan a whole lot better and i'm okay with that . it's her life , ... no . absolutely not . infp's are only timid and shy around people they don't know . i would say isfp's are probably the shyest out of all the groups . two istx ... maybe ? it's very annoying and it's making me irritable to other people . this morning i woke up and thought about all the ideas i'd conceived in the last year or so and said : this is all so stupid . now i'm ... no . i like night time better . i'm much more happy at that time of the day cause nobodies up and i'm all alone . plus , i've always been drawn to the stars . the morning is very pretty , too . i just can't ... 227706 2277 06 227706 2277 06 227706 the only poem that ever made me cry : annabel lee ( edgar allan poe ) it was many and many a year ago , in a kingdom by the sea , that a maiden there lived whom you may know by the name of ... don't give up on your dreams because of her ... i've been through similar situations before . let me just tell you this : it's okay , you were just a child , we all did stupid things as a child . in ... yeah , i suppose it happens to the best of us . i'm by no means of the imagination an expert , but i do have some personal experience with ' not connecting ' . most of the time i just laugh , or nod my ... of course they can . i never meant to imply they couldn't . it's just the last thing on the planet i'd be expected to be called . after starting school a few months back i feel like an entirely new person . literally . things that used to bother me just don't anymore . i feel free and honestly don't care about what anyone else ... okay , what on earth is wrong with me ? every day i get extremely depressed and then right afterward i get extremely hyper . this happens on a almost daily basis . what's wrong with me ? anyone experience ... i'm not necessarily doing it for personal gain . i do it because i would feel like crap if i didn't do it but i don't wanna fail at life either . it's probably because the people who tell me that are ... it's just what people tell me . i guess i'm not sure . being successful ? i'm not sure i like how this thread is turning out either . i'm a super nice person to everyone i meet . i am even friendly and kind to people i dislike . it just comes naturally to me but why am i always the one getting yelled at ? why is it that whenever ... sometimes people go through my stuff . i do want to loose part of my privacy but i will tell them when i feel ready to share . why ? why is this always happening ? hardly anyone ever listens to me or respects my privacy . i tell people to leave me alone but they keep annoying me anyway . apparently i'm the ' easy target ' and ... it's very annoying because everyone's asking you what's wrong or what happened ? then i say that nothing happened and that i just feel miserable and then everyone looks at you like your a ghost . i ... i grew up in very small town and there was only twelve kids in my grade throughout our years together . i'm not gonna sugarcoat this : i hated most of them . when graduation came i didn't even shed a ... i just had to say i love the cat that you have in your signature . : kitteh : hello ! i'm an infp who is very curious about you isfps . you somewhat fascinate me . so , what are you guys like ? what do you like to do on your free time ? how do you see the world ? i answer questions slower than other people but that's just because i want to make sure i'm not wrong but i think quicker and speak quicker than almost everyone i know . i even think faster than my ... this is ridiculous thing to worry about but i'm going to say this anyway : i'm absolutely mortified about the future . i'm still quite young but i'm worried about not being good enough for the real ... i've had intrusive thoughts before that weren't quite as violent but messed up . i couldn't stop thinking about how i could kill my entire family easily by slipping poison into their food . i also got ... your so cute ! ! ! your so weird are you okay ? stop being so emotional . stop being so shy . at first it disturbed me and i wanted to look away but it intrigued me as well . then i became fascinated with it trying to understand what every detail meant and resembled but something kept telling ... nah , i don't get mad at him at first . i ask him nicely to nock it off and then he doesn't so i ask him again . you get a little irritated when people don't even listen to what your trying to say ... if it was my decision i wouldn't go alone but i highly doubt that i would even want to go clubbing in the first place . all i can say is that you shouldn't leave with anyone and make sure you don't ... he enjoys stirring the pot and will basically do anything as long as it entertains him . he starts rumors about other people , sometimes my friends , just to see what will happen . i won't lie when i say ... yeah , i did and now he's fine . now i'm curious about how he thinks . maybe that'll fix a few problems that we seem to have . hello , i'm an infp and i was curious if any of you help me out with what's going through my friends head . whenever he does something i disagree on on a moral level i explain it to him and he still ... do you have the main plot down yet because without the main plot and a description of the main character i can't really help you out . gemini ... you should try to become more fluid in the way you think not the way you act . for example . i obviously try to use ti and te while playing chess but it doesn't come natural to me and frankly i suck at ... thank you . i didn't realize that . i feel like i'm not high enough but am too high up . infp problems lol '