' when you think astrologers could in fact be the most mentally stable people in the world ... when you and your other infp friend can communicate by just looking at each other , their energy says it all . when you've considered that you may be mentally challenged but no one has told you because , hey that would be rude to tell a mentally challenged person that they're mentally challenged ... that's why ... wooo ! i love this thank you for writing such a well versed article :) an actual infj thought i had in the shower : in the shower , loofah-ing , hmm i never wash that upper , middle part of my back . in fact i can't even reach it . ( flashbak to sci-fi movies ) were ... feet hurt . relax . perc . my idea of a party would be contradicting to most introverts , but since i love to dance . it would be just booming loud music , lots of funk and mj , and just me dancing like a mad person with my ... when you ruin jokes by after telling one , you say , do you get it ? i'm referencing lord of the rings haha get it ? ! cause you don't trust that they will get it and instead of taking the risk to be ... non-infp : so i said to her , who do you think you are , thinking you can do that to me and my issues are so important blah blah blah . infp : oh ya , that's a shame um ... ( spots a puppy ) omg puppy ! ... google image result for kif from futurama is a perfect infj ... when everyone says that they love you and you're inspiring and a free spirit ... and you just don't see it , but you wish you could see it ! ... when you are perfectly happy spending a whole day ... when you're watching a dance recital and laugh out loud at the way someone does a certain move , no one else laughs ... when you're friend is talking to you with flowers in her hand and in the middle of what she's saying you smell the flowers and say , these flowers smell really good . i don't think we're the most boring type , it depends what someone defines boring as , i always thought istps were pretty boring , but that's just my own opinion . i agree with xezene , boredom is a ... i've always thought charice was an infp , maybe a really well adjusted infp . what do you guys think ? i was watching ace of cakes today and noticed that geoff manthorn seemed very infjish , in this clip he's the skinnier guy who doesn't talk as much . ... when you don't understand the importance of landscaping especially if it's just going to turn into winter anyways ... ( this may be just me btw ) .. when someone calls you selfish and you have honestly no idea where they drew that conclusion from . when you have the sad realization that if you didn't initiate most of your conversations , not many people take the time to talk to you . :( ... when a bug lands on your hand , instead of freaking out and shooing it away ( which you sometimes do depending on the size and creep factor ) you make up a story about the bug , where it came from , ... ... you get the low battery signal on your laptop . you make a mental note and trust yourself you will remember to plug in the power in a few minutes . next thing you know the screen goes blank , you ... obsessions are what keep you going in life . you feel obligated to make small talk ( even though you despise small talk ) with the taxi driver , especially if they're nice ... dammit . ... when you just killed a spider and wouldn't normally feel guilty about it , but this time you do feel guilty since reading about all of the infps who are compassionate towards spiders ... you wonder ... when you're sad , you hope it rains . when you're happy you hope it's sunny . ha ! i get so anxious when watching the office , poor michael , especially the first season .. oh there's more : ... when you haven't read this thread in a few days and feel somehow obligated to read every single one since the last post you read no matter how long it takes . when this is your friday night ( disclaimer : this was actually my friday night ) ... when you see a folded up piece of paper on the ground and it takes everything in your power not to pick it up and see what it says . hey , it could be a note a secret agent spy dropped , ya never ... ... and instead of continuing to practice you spend an hour youtubing pocahantas clips ... x ) ... when you start practicing singing colors of the wind from pocahontas and end up crying because of its overwhelmingly beautiful / powerful message . you consider changing the song choice for your ... ... when you wake up from a dream you were having and it sets an overall tone for the rest of the day . you wish you could dream your dream again because it was so much fun and everything was so much ... ... when you honestly and whole-heartedly believe that no one is weirder than you are , and you've never met anyone who has met your level of weirdness . maybe one day ... totally have done this ... when at times you feel so utterly alone ... ... when you feel bad about passing an elderly person who is walking really slow . blue nachos with hummus i didn't even noticed that i did that until you mentioned it ! each colour had a personality too , red was the stubborn mean one , yellow was the shy one , and green was the happy , playful one . ... or they are people who are genuinely concerned for your well being and their form of happiness is extroverted jibber jabber , and your form of happiness is introspective . they just don't understand ... i used to get asked this all the time , it freaked me out and i didn't know what to say . i would usually just shrug and say i don't know . well now i do know it's because i'm an introvert . i haven't ... i understand what you're going through ! i had an enfj ( esfj ) boss and i think it's the fj that doesn't suit the professional realm . like you can't base a business soley on feelings , at least infps ... ugh that is so me ! i am an infp , and i tested as 4w5 but i know that i am 4w3 . i dream of being on stage , singing or dancing ( something in performance ) i pretend like i don't care what i wear ( but i ... i do that all the time when i see someone i know really well like a really close friend , i make a run for it . it really depends if i am in good enough spirits , because if i'm not : like hustling to ... ... when you want to write : you know you're an infp when you look up infp celebrities just to make you feel like it's okay to be an infp . but then you think , no i should be more positive , i don't ... not to toot my own horn or anything , but i am a darn good public dancer . this summer i want to organize a flash mob , it'will be wonderous ! dancing is one of those things where i honestly do not ... when you plan on taking the early bus so you can get groceries before work , but as the time to leave comes closer you convince yourself that you can live on carrot sticks hummus and rice for three ... you know you're an infp when ... ... someone says : oh ! your tag is sticking out the back of your shirt ! and tucks in your tag , you say : oh , thanks ! , but are perplexed as to why that is so important ... ha ! i love these and can totally relate to pretty much all of them : you know you're an infp when ... ... the first time you saw a live seahorse up close , you swore it be one of the most beautiful ... '