' i love john lennon's imagine song . i also love george harrison's song within you and without you , because this song has the same basic message that infps keep trying to communicate to the world ... i am non-judgmental , so i can look past stuff . there are so many songs i still have yet to hear - i just wish i had more free time . an absolutely beautiful song . i am going to tell all of my ... thank you immensely phil . i never heard this until you posted this song . i absolutely love this song . now i cannot stop listening to it . i had to add it to my youtube channel . according to the ... thank you for this thread oh_no_she_didnt . i met my infp girl friend approximately 3 years ago . when we first met and began speaking with one another , we had an instant connection with one ... thank you and welcome to perc cityofcircuits . yes , i am all those things you mentioned , but i am also non-judgmental . i genuinely love , care about , and respect people . i sincerely love helping ... first and foremost , i need an extended vacation . the terminator looks so much better than i feel : . a 10 - hour massage , and i want to sleep through ... hi and thank you xemptiness . you asked me why everyone matters . i did not compare human beings to anything else that exists in the universe , nor did i claim that mankind is the most important ... hi and thank you very much for your excellent , deeply profound questions . questions 1 : in what meaningful sense does everyone matter ? why does everyone matter ? answers 1 : i want ... hi . i agree — it is unethical to lie to people . i am not lying to anyone when i say that everyone does matter . you do matter . in my past , i was chronically depressed and suicidal . i ... hi andrewjonathan . it is a shame when people fail to accept , love , and respect others as they are . the only solution i have found is to surround myself with people who accept , love , and respect me ... it depends upon what prompted my wanting to shut down . if my energy feels drained when i attend a party and speak with numerous people , or when i go to a jam-packed shopping mall with hardly any ... i think everyone has their unique strengths and weaknesses regardless of their mbti personality type . i love being an infp , and i love and respect infps . while some individuals perceive a ... although i have not allowed abusive people back into my life to protect myself , i can still forgive them . forgiveness is a separate issue for me altogether . until i feel satisfied that an abusive ... anytime that anyone is rejected for who they are is wrong ! ! ! rejection only causes unnecessary pain and suffering . rejection can even lead to violence and war . in general , human beings have a ... vividgrim . i am so sorry that you encounter so many issues while living your day-to-day life . the older i get , the more i realize that the only way in which we can live in a world where everyone ... the more i read infp males ' posts , the deeper i fall in love with you . you have no idea how much you truly melt a woman's heart in the most beautiful way . you have the best advantage to reach a ... hi amethyst_butterfly . i have always been extremely hyper-sensitive to people and my surroundings . i can feel another person's feelings , which helps me to be extremely compassionate towards others ... hi . depressed people are not dead inside . they are suffering . depressed people have not given up . they are basically searching for solutions , help , and healing , so they can live a ... thank you precious infps . wow ! i am actually not the only person in this vast universe with this experience ! i can always convey what i am thinking better in writing than i can when i am ... mental illness has nothing to do with mbti typing . mental illness is very complex . i met someone who is bi-polar . once , when he was experiencing the euphoric extreme of his illness , the police ... thank you kindly wisdomdreams , and you are most welcome . :) i think children have not been exposed to overwhelming responsibilities , shoulds , destructive criticism , etc . as long as adults have ... thank you kindofblue 06 . i agree with everything you wrote . i know we all have our daily responsibilities that we must realistically complete and this is very important . i think setting aside 60 ... thank you kindly allornuthin . understood . for those who believe that god exists , the only thing i will definitely emphasize is that god is all-loving , compassionate , and merciful . i was ... cetanu . there are no positive impacts of suicide - none whatsoever . everyone does matter - that is the truth . knowing this truth is not limiting . cetanu . the woman in the video was depressed . everyone matters and is needed . the loss of anyone impacts themselves and others . hi . first of all , i sincerely hope you have healed and have overcome all of your painful issues . i will continue to pray for you . i was chronically depressed and suicidal , and i ... hi . for some weird reason , i have been trying to log back into perc since late saturday night , but due to a perc website / computer glitch i kept getting a blocking page ( very ... thank you so much for your reply andrewjonathan . i have several guests coming to my place momentarily , and i have to go offline until they leave . i simply do not want to give you a quick , ... you are most welcome wanderlust 94 . yes , i agree with you , but you do have the special insight of someone whose relative committed suicide . you can still help people - and you do . :) i have more ... wanderlust 94 it was excruciatingly painful , but i had no choice but to endure it . i was there for both of my parents . as much as i miss my precious father , i would not want him to endure that pain ... andrewjonathan . i have been praying for you . god created you and loves you as you are . your parents love and accept you as you are . ( aside to those reading this - andrewjonathan wrote that his ... thank you wanderlust 94 for being so helpful , loving , and respectful to / of others and for being willing to continue helping others . i think you have a special insight to help those who are suicidal , ... seralya - i am not certain if there are any good websites by those who help women leave abusive husbands or who run safe houses to get some general advice . it is good that your friend has her own ... you are most welcome le beau coeur . :) thank you clowder . you are correct - problems are a part of life . i think people need to help others who struggle with problems or avoid problems in any way whatsoever . this will help everyone ... hi saintless . i am so happy that you did get the message that i wanted everyone to get from the video . i think we must grow to live fulfilling , happy lives and to be able to help support those ... hi clowder . when people feel accepted for who they are and regardless of whatever illnesses they may have , then it will help them in every way possible . i agree with you . i think we need to ... thank you wanderlust 94 . family and friends of suicide victims have a difficult time understanding why their loved one chose death instead of seeking their help , because they would have helped them . ... thank you ethylester . i will be more sensitive to those around me , even those who appear to be happy and have no problems . you are correct , some people are so concerned with appearances that they ... hi wanderlust 94 . no need to apologize . i think the video is mainly responsible for that , so i do not think it is your fault . my reason for trying to avoid the topics of religion and hell is due ... thank you bago for bringing this awareness to me . i will be even more sensitive to those around me . hi tjseabury . i think every person impacts the world at large even by doing their daily tasks - sort of like throwing a pebble into a pond and causing the ripple effect . i will give you one ... hi bago . yes , some people identify themselves completely with their job , family , children , money , company , etc . , etc . , etc . some people have even committed suicide whenever they lost something they ... seralya . i completely agree with maeve's advice here . seralya both links work for me , but if you let me know which link does not work , i can do a cut and paste of the relevant information in my next post for you if you like . i think if your friend can ... hi bago . i am happy that you are learning how to be your best and achieve what you want . i will pray to god that he helps you to be a mother . :) what you wrote is extremely important for ... hi maeve . my father had a terminal illness , and his doctor told me that if they were to resuscitate him that he would end up being a vegetable on life support and that my mother and i would then be ... hi bago . yes , we all impact one another . i am not a therapist , but i did help two suicidal teenage girls ( separately ) to truly see and appreciate their true self-worth and to finally value ... hi wanderlust 94 . sorry , my job responsibilities prevented me from returning to perc or this thread sooner . i still have not figured out how the visitor messages tab works to reply to you there . i ... thank you wanderlust 94 . i truly love your insightful comments . according to the woman in the video , she said she went to hell , so i cannot dispute her reality . i am sorry if the controversial ... '