' hahaha yup ! sounds like me . slow moving and docile with random outbursts . be prepared ! oh wait you can't muhuhahaaa ! ! ! a round of applause for this guy over here ! he's got feelings and can use his ... i'm glad to have an intp around . my mom is one and has really helped me balance out my f . i know about hitting that conversation cord . maybe there are too many s types around you . it can be ... ... haha well i actually love being squeezed by those close to me . i probably seem like a big dumb dog running around loving on my immediate family friends . but to everyone else i probably seem like a ... haha yum ! new books are delicious lucky ! ! ! my sister may be an infj . i had an intj boyfriend but i can't say i've met any other ones . some part of the world is hiding all of the nfs and nts and its really just an injustice . dang ... well i'm not sure i actually know any entps , so ya ! i sure am curious about them though . i like the smell of new shoes , cabins , wooded areas , and rain . can we just talk about how good new socks ... i'm not sure i could be chill enough for someone to hypnotize me . i'm way too aware when someone is near me . it would be hard to calm the eff down . oh yes well i worked at a library so i do know the allure of old books ! i always liked the top floor of our library . it had windows near the floor that looked out onto our little town . the best ... gigantic ponies ? so like small horses ? hehe . leprechauns are introverts who just want to count their gold in peace . i like to sit in my own home and drink coffee by myself . as for hypnosis i've ... i'm a little skittish at first : th_o : . maybe you losers could tell me something about yourselves ? what type of things do you like to discuss over skype ? well i'm an infj , so just another breed of lonely loser :P it won't let me post the video i looked up about it but i think its coming together in my mind now . the video is from nf geeks , ask dr . mike introverted and extraverted feelings . hmm ... so because the feeling or passion behind it all is not expressed you guys seem like assholes ? haha only kidding . so what separates ni users from true narcissists ? or are you all narcissists ... hey my mom's an intp ! she's one of the coolest people i know . maybe i'm a lonely loser too . nah ! ! ! i don't like being called a loser but i'm up for making new friends . i'm 26 infj prefer to either be goofy as hell or talk about something involving more thought and seriousness . i love ... oh i don't know about violating any rule haha . i was just confused . how is fi related to narcissistic tendencies ? i'm curious . wait i'm not sure why i was included in that part ? that wasn't my post . i agree with this . i just got out of a relationship with and intj . i'm sure not all intjs have this problem but maybe it's just an underlying problem in the relationship . my intj had narcissistic ... warning : may cause unexpected laughter warning : may bombard you with cat related media warning : may jump your bones if wearing man-smells from fragrance counter at the mall . what kind of meat do jews like on their sandwiches ? shalomi . i don't mind it if it's an old lady or child . but other than that it has to be my immediate family or close friends . if they are close i actually love giving hugs and affection . just being in close ... barrrk ? ! infj goofy , sweet , mousy what about 3 things people have called you or said about you that surprised you in some way ? - all american girl ( not sure what that means . someone i met at ... many people i come in to contact with through work or school have said that they do not know what to think of me . they have told me that they were unsure how to approach me because i am usually so ... i also hate hate hate selling things to people . i worked in a seasonal retail position and it was the worst experience . i see what you mean . i had to go to school and take classes i didn't like ... do you have experience in hr ? are you working in a position currently ? : frustrating : i hurt myself all the time because i'm not paying attention to my physical surroundings . i take corners too sharply , bump my head , hit my toes ... i am just always bruised haha ... i wish i had an answer to that but i have the same questions for myself right now . trying to go plot my next move . i'm graduating in december with an environmental science degree and don't think ... i don't understand the stop to enjoy the moment part . i feel like i am always noticing little things and appreciating things others do not see . is it more like needing to stop thinking all the ... i'm an infj , and am curious about your relationship with your mom . i wonder what i will be like as a parent haha mom : intp dad : isfj i get along with my mom really well . we share humor and just a general likeness in mannerisms and such . my mom and i just really connect on a level that i have not seen with ... oh man ! well i feel super lucky haha . brother is an enfj , sister and mom intp . dad isfj even with my mom and sister being tps we get along great and my brother is awesome . dad is the only one who ... mom : intp dad : isfj ( i think ) me : infj brother : enfj sister : intp i get along really well with my mom . we share similar humor and people tell us we act so much alike . i get along with my ... haha do you mean feed nature's creatures and save their lives then use fe experiences ? that would just be way to awesome . i'd have to start early in life haha haha very interesting coincidence indeed ! i did complete an internship for my major requirements where i did field work at a nature center . it was alright but we mostly killed invasive plants so ... i definitely need a break ! haha i'm so burnt out . writing would be fun . i took an environmental interpretation class where i was able to write a few papers about my passions . i did really well in ... hmm i might have to do some sort of student teaching and other stuff . i think you need certification and specific courses for that . i'm not sure if i would like to be a teacher in the traditional ... i am have been thinking about going to career services and talking to a few professors of mine . they do offer a lot of career fairs and such at my school . they just seem to be geared toward ... it's interesting that you would say that . here are my thoughts about it : i always thought that i could never be a teacher , go into education or work with people much at all in any form . not ... what type of degree are you going for ? have you received any good advice about this ? oh i would really like to watch it :p roud : too bad it wasn't on netflix . i don't have a tv at the moment . i love totoro . that was one of the first movies i saw by miyazaki and i have fallen in ... oh i see : happy : yeah you don't want to get bored . humor is best when it surprises you oh man i just love joking around with my family . my brother should be a comedian too . he's and enfj . my mom and sister ( both intps ) are just as hilarious . when you get us all together it's just ... people who do not know me well think i am so serious but people i do share my humor with just love it . they say i have these one-liners that come out of no where . i can be pretty sarcastic and say ... thank you for your input i very much agree that it is best to think things through before jumping in . especially if it involves a significant amount of time and money . i will be taking a break ... maybe you should try reposting this in a new forum . i think that will be more help to you than posting within a forum already created . i agree sitting around at a desk all day doesn't sound very pleasant . that's why i thought working in conservation would be a good option . getting to be in nature so much . but i think i need an in ... hardy har very punny : laughing : are you saying it is good that i have an intj boyfriend or that it is good that i have an intj to comment on this post because there is a lack of infj responses ? derp as an infj what is you experience with intj's in sharing humor ( and vice versa ) ? i have an intj boyfriend . sometimes my quirky humor full of metaphor and wordplay falls short with him . but other ... '