i don't need an oscar : ь give me a time travel machine ! :) nooo not really ( a little bit maybe ) . this time also has it's advantages .. - _ - .. yes : ь if it works for you x ) : o no problem ... i'm already drowning in self-pity :'( i'm here to chat :D oh ... me too :| 20 - 40 years and in another country ... too much knight rider and a-team in my life ... do you know if he likes his profession ? it should be very demanding and free-time consuming i heard that's what i read at least . in many states like oregon for example , it's on the top 5 of most demanded jobs : registered nurses . if they can't / if they don't want ... many men also are doing ... true , noticed to late or what's your opinion about nursing ? i heard that it shouldn't be too hard to find a job in this area as nurses are needed badly . thanks for the recommendation , sounds very interesting . i will look up on this . sounds like a life-long study time 3 . english of course , german and russian . wow seems like there is really not a big choice here ... and what about the economic / industry sector . ' international clerk ' ( college degree ) with work ... shortage ? anthropology , translation / languages , any of the social sciences or creativity-demanding subjects ? but thanks about the honest opinion , sad to hear , but necessary not do go trough a big mistake i tought about nursing , but that would mean no social life , no creativity , just learning and cleaning people ... no math or hard science , sounds like me . so any other recommendations in a similar sector ? social work or something ? to be true , i am kind of jealous . i would love to study psychology but also some mental problems but especially money problems ( i am 19 and i will work for some years now to get at least the money ... english ... medium ... bloddy and raw :D what's your opinion guys , is it worth studying psychology in north america ? as far as i know ... you won't really get a job in this area nowadays ... any similar subjects or recommendations ? well i am enfp and my hair colour is blue ^ ^ i tried to , but the result is too abstract usually , i rather stay with not-drawing bodies ^ ^ i have the same problem with bodies :) but there are usefull tutorials on youtube on how to draw bodies , for me ... they didn't work , i'm more into abstract stuff , but it may help you .. south :) too south for you xd i really like her expression . i am absolutely bad in drawing faces or something , you really can draw good eyes i think swearing all the time can't give you much advise , since i am constantly in a bad mood , but im looking for answers here : o the only thing i could recommend ... music , sunshine , drugs and meditation  league of legends ! i am really looking forward to my office job today , i will sooo scan those letter in and archive them in the database . then i am sooo gonna clean my desk and take part in a discussion about ... somewhat hard to project this steps on the own life , especially when you never have been in point 5 biggest fear : never find my soulmate another fear : living at my shitty boring place , doing my shitty boring work for another year 1 . tell people at work to fuck themselves 2 . save money / cancel work , don't know about it 3 . get a tat 4 . move faaar away exactly what i am doing now x ) sitting in an office with strange people , reading letters , sorting letters , typing things from letters into the computer ... every day every day every day every day ... i sing , listen to music , or bore myself with watching videos , reading news or playing games . when i find the motivation , i draw ... that's it :P boring myself to death for my thinking , respect is given , disrespect is earned happens ... especially when i am angry . i do have a group of friends and ' people i know ' and there is always someone arguing with someone about some shit . there is a guy always using insults as ... oooh i soo feel you ( a little bit late probably ) . i am totally surrounded by realists . take me as example of how you dont want to spend your next young years :P so my ' the realist-lord himself ' ... hi , im jana , 19 and from germany ^ ^ what could help you ... exploring , getting new ideas , new things to do , not because you feel like like it , but just because you want to experience something new than the average stuff . with those new ... soo i just found out about the four-letter-personality stuff and wow ... it's so accurate x ) enfp in my case . to me in general : open-minded , free spirit , somewhat spiritual from time to time , i love ...