' the concept of the functions , that means in theory introverted intuition ( ni ) and extroverted thinking ( te ) for intjs seems somewhat broken in my case . that means : i am very likely a j , that means ... thank you - in the simplest form : keep your eyes open , if you see something interesting imagine it on a photograph ( a frame with four fingers is really helpful sometimes ) and take the picture ... the good thing about photography is that it comes in a broad range of different styles ranging from on-the-fly street photography to carefully arranged studio work . on the one side it is looking for ... wunderlist very useful tool . but in the end , there are somewhat around 100 positions on my different lists so i am free enough to pick something at my leisure . as far as i know , it depends on the people involved . let's say around 10-15 % of the infjs actually like intjs and surely it's more or less the same the other way round . like every difference , the ... for that , you have to define boredom . if it means : you don't know what to do next and cannot motivate yourself to do anything - that situation simply doesn't exist . my todo - and project lists ... back to the first pages : there is much of what was written which is true for intj males too . the feeling to not belonging - perhaps not as extreme as a female , but nevertheless ... perhaps i ... for enneagramm i don't get reliable results . i can relate to that because most likely i'm a five with balanced wings and one comes next . that means exactly that : i want to do things the correct way ... i can relate to that too . but i also want to explain some more facets of the problem . knowledge comes in two flavors : one is knowledge because you want to know it , simply because it is interesting ... you are perhaps right that feelings are incomprehensible , but that is much more correct about my own feelings . as you say , my fi is tertiary and when they surface , i cannot control or use them , they ... really ? i try to give an example . it might a little bit extreme , but that are examples . a few weeks ago , there was the incident in london at westminster bridge and a few days ago in stockholm . at ... who says that intjs and feelings doesn't belong together ? okay , we function foremost on a very logical and rational basis . but the big but is that we have fi , and at least for me its something i ... there are different versions of that test around on the net . this is the second one i took , the results of the first are in my signature . the nature of the test , based in questions about your ... me too ! i'm also the kind of intj who likes infjs . ideally those who are not that far on the f side ( damn fi - i didn't chose that on purpose ) . but unfortunately , there are two problems in ... i think it's a useful tool . as hardcore intj , obviously the description fits me very well . i also believe in the importance of multiple intelligences , and because i'm terrible in interpersonal ... i think that is the core of the matter in my case . as jack-of-all-trades-type , i know that i cannot get the ultimate perfect solution because that is usually reserved for those who dedicate their ... seems like i'm not the only one terrorizing the neighborhood . which kind of art you are in depends a lot on your talents , mean which of the multiple intelligences . mbti is more on the how you pursue ... fortunately , i was never short on self-esteem . unfortunately , that means that it is so damn hard to meet someone your equal . even if you have something to do with upper tier people , you realize ... without lists the risk is much too great you're going to forget something essential . so , i noted it on sticky notes on my desktop and in simple text files labeled to-do-list . if it were only my ... that question boils down to multiple intelligences . my test result is in my signature and that explains a lot . logical is a given for intjs , perhaps visual too , but after that it depends . so , ... people i talk to often say that i don't complete my sentences , especially when in a brainstorming session . because my mind is several steps ahead , i often abandon a thought and jump to the next ... thank you for the tip - i'm listening to the isle of the dead atm . from rachmaninov , previously i only knew the first three piano concertos . my personal favourite is beethoven with some extensions - ... at my work environment , i am surrounded by istjs and am intj myself , so i know both sides of the coin . the major difference is that the s version does need a lot more guidance and strict boundaries ... if you are an intj with high morals , forget politics . that is a thoroughly dirty business and i couldn't stand it . intjs would make good leaders , but that doesn't count . in a democracy , you need to ... you remind me .. now i'm thinking how i was when i was young ( long time ago ) . my conclusion : that is a normal function of coming of age . in school , i reduced my efforts to the absolute minimum to ... mostly true , but because of the differences android uses its own branch of java with a lot of native classes . atm i get crazy trying to generate pdf thumbnails and on one side it is not so simple to ... i have one ... some years ago i went to a destination by train , some changes are needed . but already the first train had delay and my watch said that it would be very hard to catch the next one on ... i do my programming not really professionally , just stuff i need for my small company and i don't want to hire outside services . so , i'm going with the languages needed for the job , freebasic for ... no , i think i can imagine the black side very well . basically , the bad side character is not very different from an intjs bad side . and the stare , too . so , while i am quite lost in a social event and ... okay , interesting results . it seems that infjs are really hard to spot because they're very good at hiding . for the most strong members of a type i can guess pretty well by feel now at least for ... i am just wondering - because it seems to be impossible to meet one of you in reality . but to start at the beginning : intjs and infjs are the two ni-dominant types . as i understand it , that means to ... i think it depends on the teacher and the how . my approach was always to understand how it works , that is a typical ni thing . a good teacher will teach the how first and then deduce the applications ... perhaps that is another point where i am different than everyone else . perhaps my testosterone level is not that high , but if you ask what i am missing most it's not the sex , but being together with ... my sigpic illustrates that somewhat ... the world is definively easier if all these values are a lot lower . purpleviolet : if you are so open and honest about something what is a bit frowned upon , so i'm contributing as well : i'm 39 now and my experience in love is zero , too . that sounds not very hopeful , ... back as a child , i was of course different from now , but not so much and in the same way different from the majority of my peers . primary school was very much influenced by me the youngest and ... in the time of videoblogs on youtube , it's easy to look how different types act and which are symphatic . i'm surrounded with s-types and unfortunately , they are more or less boring to me . no visions , ... from my stack of fantasy literature i have two favorites : one is kahlan from the sword of truth by terry goodkind ( together with richard a very nice example of an infj / intj pair ) and marci from the ... that is very interesting ... because i also tried to find out for which types the jack-of-all-trades thing is true . entps , i know , but infjs ... never guessed . so , don't forget there're also ... i think being an intj is sharing only a part of this . i'm mostly an creator of sorts and when i create something , i expect nothing less than the best result i can accomplish in a reasonable amount of ... i don't think the descriptions are somewhat angelic . after all , you are injs and basically , not so much different from intjs , which are famous for their assholism . i've studied infjs and how they ... i think it has a lot more worth if you look at the picture from the other side . i spent decades with the feel that i'm very different , but i couldn't explain it . so , discovering that i'm an intj was ... after reading this thread , i can answer one question clearly : is that different for the male side ? no . as far as i could analyze , i'm stuck in the same trap and the numbers don't look very good ... why not intj ? nearly everything you work with your hands on is mechanical and thus absolutely deterministic . that means it follows the same logical rules what makes it easy to understand with an intj ... i really like to build something first in my head or as drawing , make it work theoretically and then proceed to built it real and work on the problems i haven't foreseen and perfect it . but i think ... it really , really depends on the definition of cold . intj's appear cold , that may be correct . but that is only a facade . i'm surrounded with istjs , and they are the true egoists . they don't appear ... intjonn : for an iq > 140 , you just made a major logical error . your calculation requires that the various probabilties are independent , but that's not correct . afaik while iq > 130 is 1 % , but for ... generally , all of the four-letter-stuff helped me to understand me and my relation to others much better . at the moment , i don't look at the functions but more in a simplified matter to what the ... that is so sad ... i often try to look nice on photos , but it's sooo hard . then i tried just for fun the thinks you are the worst s * * ever lived on earth stare and i got excellent results on the ... probably it needs an intj to find out that the result programming is buggy . i tried changing the input , but i didn't get consistent results . in the text , the pairs i vs e n vs s f vs t and j ... '