' oh man , this is serious . good luck with her ! just make sure you don't look so infatuated when she's around , our charm lies in our independence . ;) are you really saying that this girl is a fundamental part of your wellbeing ? oh come on . this depends on the ability of the entp to make a strong rational point to justify the rupture . even if that wasn't enough to convince the infj in the first place , how long do you think it will take ... oh come on , it is . try this : tell her you thought it over and came to the conclusion that the relationship between you is causing her harm . use the rational explanation that comes to your mind at the ... i really love the love they feel for us ! the white stripes - st . james infirmary blues when you became afraid of taking the test again and maybe get a different result because you're completely sure that your type is the coolest one since the first time you read the description . would it be too inconvenient if i asked you to explain your point , mister ? i'd rather specialize in broad areas and become familiar with all the related knowledge that i can understand , specially when derived from areas completely different from the one i'm focused . i ... 7/10 , nice combination of soft colors , nice mask with nice appendages , though nothing different from the habitual random nonsense 9/10 . i have no idea what it really is , but looks nice . isn't it uspide down ? sorry , i don't know what you're talking about , i'm a great driver . i bet i could make you feel even more desperated . wanna try ? cold but awesome , deal with it damn , it would be fun . nice post . objective reality is a concept that i have left behind while thinking about this , some time ago . it's an useless entity , after all , since it lacks an absolute observer , and thus cannot ... what a reliable source you have . i'd say it's intj , for sure . they can be really mean when they want to , mainly in the virtual domains . entp are great as well , but i believe their advantage in this matter is a near immunity to ... don't know , didn't read your post yet ! tip : there's a simple english mistake that can be explored in the post above . no , it's part of the fun . i post random nonsense i feel like here and you , even aware of how dumb i can be , keep on reading my randomness and even quoting me . it satisfies my urge for attention , my ... when you realize that this awkward feeling you have everytime somebody posts a new personality test is actually a hybrid of fear of getting another type , for you love being an entp since the first ... proud to see that it didn't keep you from reading the whole thing , boss ! forgive me , it was really rude of me to assemble all sorts of uninteresting types without giving the deserved distinction to a species known for it's intriguing complexity and unique sensibility , ... you know , some days ago i realized that i lacked modesty ... but today i can say i'm perfect . pure jealousy . you freaks just can't understand how it's possible for someone to have free pass through some fancy social circles , get laid often , talk nonsense , forget all the homejob but still have ... di usually avoid words and expressions such as wrong , correct , the only way , the wrong way ... they're asphyxiating for who listens and they reveal the speaker's inability to relativize the consensual ... entp fight ! let the most deceitful-filthy-sordid rogue win ! well , i could tell you the secret , but listening to it can bring serious side effects that range from hideous nightmares and growth of hair behind the ear to lethal laugh attacks . reading it can make ... what i love most is , undoubtely , our unique internal personal logic . it seems like we were born with our own logic system , instead of adopting the cheap , generic and conventional one without asking , ... well , i think my way of handling this is always being available to expose my logic , if we're talking about someone whose opinion really matters for me . like ok , you think i'm cold because of x ? let ... oh , come on . you seem to be quite aware that you're playing with fire , you even came here to tell us that . why don't you try to take something constructive from this situation ? maybe you can just ... when you realize that the thing you've naturally done since you were born is so unfamiliar to other people that they gave it the fancy name of brainstorm . you frequently need to insist that you're being serious about an idea that everyone else took for a joke . but you know , sometimes only exchanging bad experiences isn't enough to clean our minds from all the anger they bring . sometimes we need some action . we're talking about our well being , our mind and ... wow , don't you think you're putting things in an overly dramatic way ? even if i accidentally happened to do something that may resemble one of these situations - of course it all depends on who is ... you realize that , for some mysterious reason , everybody likes you . even the mothers of your friends seem to love when you drop by . well , as a matter of fact there are 3 or 4 or 5 drama kings that ... you show impressive knowlege and relevant opinions about all the books that your friends mentioned in a random conversation . of course , nobody needs to know that you've read just a couple of them ... the professor congratulates you for your amazing point of view in a presentation that you prepared the night before displaying and can't tell for sure what was about . you smile and go buy a coke . wow , 813 pages of things that piss you people off . relax ! you shouldn't keep all these negative feelings , that's not good for your health and won't bring anything good . i suggest taking a deep breath ... well , coming to think of it , it's not really my fault that this universe is so intriguing . i was given only one possibility to understand everything and the idea of wasting it with trivial and ... i really hate my inability to deal with everyday's issues - like paying bills , going to sleep in a reasonable time , starting to study when i planned to ( and not 4 hours later ) , being more punctual ... 53578 my first anatomy class , 2005 , because there are funnier things to do with a skull than studying it . 53579 first parachute jump , 2010 , when backpacking through europe . this was ... he was right all along and i was wrong . keep that in mind and you shouldn't have any more issues . but remember to argue now and then just to ... well , argue unethical ? most people may say so , but i think that's because they don't really get what indifference means . i usually don't act with the intention to hurt somebody , for this is generally pointless , ... the moment when i'm discussing anything with someone and i realize my point is wrong , but i will continue to argue to see if i can convince the other person that i am right - just to see his ... you may see it as a typical dilemma , i see it more like creativity . that's where the ideas come from , i guess . i'm pretty sure i would forget to pack and take the first 10 things i see 5 minutes before departing and i would write a book named a lesson from piranhas : how i rediscovered the meaning of life eating bananas , some sort of motivational stuff that would sell a lot and make me millionaire . since i ... '