hehe , astrology does seem far more like crazy talk than mbti could ever be , it was just an example of the type of logic used . like ziggurat so lovely linked above ^ ^ wayward_raven big five ... right , like with astrology or religion , you cannot really know you just have to feel it . which is something you shouldnt base anything on in my opinion . as such i agree with the title of the thread , ... well i am overstating it a bit . one of the things in this article , is that it is made to have you feel good ( like astrology or religion can ) , so it might very well describe a good part of you ... big five is scientifically based , mbti is generally disregarded by psychologist . but i doubt you could ever find anything that would successfully encapsulate all of personality .. even if it ... would you not rather base your holistic knowledge of the world on a scientifically founded theory , rather than something thought up by a couple of people with no psychological background and with no ... then get on your knees for me let him weep , crybaby indubitably yes boobs pifan had been told , the only relevant person to talk to about it to when it was just to mess with him . you knowing was nowhere close to relevant and yes , i had been giving her information on fun ... i never used her screen name . i dont know about the confidentiality thing , dont care . emotions are irrational and were involved in that . why did you need to do that , she had been gone for 1,5 ... sounds a lot better , i did not notice before now i would rather prefer this thread to be deleted though , it is not the place for this needless discussion . 5 other people prove nothing ? since they got their information from you , and you have a skewed overanalyzed view . i can asure you i am not delusional , and know full well every single aspect of it . ... chat boyfriend here , i am not really a boyfriend though . more like potential love interest if we find ourselves living on the same continent in the future . you are grossly overanalyzing pretty ... if you have a convincing argument then feel free to give me a pm , i am always open to new input . =) to me , doubt is needed for any human to remain themselves , otherwise they will just succumb to ... short religion tangent : it was back then it only took an hour and i went on living my life with no change in it , as it does not have much of a part in danish society . about 2-3 years ago i went on a ... hellow so i will have to approach a difficult subject with an esfj in the near future , here is the story . my mother is an esfj , i am quite certain of this even after trying to account for the ... i have little to no experience with enfj's , but you could try going to their sub-forum in order to gain greater insight =) other than the thing that ' nice ' behaviour is sort of the default positions for human beings with any sort of morals . then yes i do believe that intp can be viewed as generally nice people compared ... native speaking danish , and then i am quite fluent in english . otherwise i have a basic level of german and spanish . although i am quite a bit more proficient in german , perhaps also due to the ... you have probably gone into over-analysis of the situation . intp-intp action is very blunt when you finally open up , so it can work wonders for any relationship . if you doubt , then say that and ... i have not met many delusional people , but when i do , i try to break it easily to them before i smack them with the hammer of truth ( only if i care enough about them to actually do that ) ... i have some subjects where i might become a cynic , but mostly i am what you would call a skeptical optimist . i generally expect myself to be able to deliver a favourable outcome in a situation , ... i never really had this need , if i wanted space i would just move into my brain ( frequent occurrence ) =) i think not necessarily wanting a relationship is the best way to approach a relationship . then you will only chose it because it is beneficial and not for some ' need ' of intimacy which could lead ... i have hated once i think , but i quickly dismissed it as needless . someone who has engendered hate with me is not worth spending time on . i think if i was ever to have a long lasting hate towards ... i chose ' means justifies the end ' i chose this because there will always be a load of ends that are beneficial , but the process is what forms society , the process / means is as much of an end as the ... first of all you should figure out each others love languages . love language profile for couples | the 5 love languages ® the test might do it , but otherwise talk openly about your needs in relation ... =) if he showed up , and happened to be the god of the old testament , i would probably try to fight agaisnt his power . however futile it might be . there would still be a choice between lucifer and ... emberfly you should take a look at one of our stickies , it is called the vocaroo ' something ' ' something ' ... i have never really had a problem with patience , i just retreat into my head instead of caring about stuff that would frustrate me . =) i think it is very good for him that he has parents who can follow him . that reasoning for doing something would be more acceptable xd hah , that last part sounds very familiar . if you have some ... this article is decent : i was an active child up until about 5 , then i retreated into my head and has been there ever ... there is also the aspect of nature vs nurture , someone of the same type can be widely different from you but just think in the same patterns . do people poop ? yes , if your friend is incapable of enjoying thrills then something is off about him or he is probably lying . having a release from thrills is enjoyable in its nature . mbti shouldn't ... the difference was most obvious in your argumentation with shahada , whereas shahada was more concerned with the immediate effects of the legislation . you leaped into a principled approach and argued ... i just read through this discussion , you definitely do not seem like an intp here , making leaps i can follow but would never take myself . =) i am definitely not an infj as you then =) hmm .. i remember a bit of that from my ideology thread a while back , was quite interesting . i wonder if i will be able to spot some of your infj patterns ... i never suspected it for a second , you seemed as intp as me .. maybe i have to doubt my type as well now . i have apparently begun using these annoying dots a lot ... despite type you always ... hmmm ... hmmm ... hmm .. pseudo-perhaps , that is a possible maybe not really a possibility among doubt of whether or not the possibility of something more or less is vaguely wonderful . qed maybe ... there should be an international insult competition .. where every single major religion and viewpoint is ridiculed .. just to make people used to it . it might be , but i really wanted the french ideas with more diplomatic relationships =) russia is already getting super-powerful though going for a world conquest , i figured i should start with an easy nation before ryukyu ( no lucky nations though ) . currently almost have the hre electors as vassals , also .. got portugal in a personal ... so you are saying that you are a master of socialism ? =P i am sure we can get you there whenever i get an internet connection and we can try playing online > > i am currently crushing castile , ... all hail the mighty shahada ! master of socialism and eu4 ( ? ) =D what is your evidence for this ? and does it matter for those states , people and institutions who do not do it ? from what i have heard , many muslim states , institutions and other vocal muslims have denounced it . it just does not get to the news . the real problem is those people who say that it was their own ... s33k3rz couldn't you just take a philisophical / metaphorical approach to it and see it as original sin being a metaphor for the human origin ? where our evolutionary beginnings causing us to have ...