' thats actually scarily true for me . how would a relationship be between an intj female and an infj male ( me ) im 18 and she is 17 . what do you guys think . i have a crush on her and have for quite a while . it is really difficult trying ... there are two major things id wish would change about girls . 1 that they would stop hanging out in groups . that makes it so difficult to talk to them especially if you like them . 2 . that there ... you know your an infj when you feel hurt and betrayed when a close friend does something like lies to you or gives something that you want to be kept private to someone else . i totally feel like that sometimes :) hey all , so i am really confused as to what just happened to me . let me explain if you can make any sense of it please do . the other day i got a text from an unknown number . i thought it was my ... why is it that some of the worst people when they turn bad are infjs ? we have hitler , he killed thousands of people but he is typed as a feeling type ? there is osama bin laden as well , he ... hello , i am an infj male and sort of like an esfp female who i think likes me . how do you think this relationship would work out . what are some pluses to dating an esfp and or minuses . ... you know your an infj when you fight with someone you love , i . e parent , sibling , bf or gf . hate it feel bad about doing it and follow them around trying to fix the relationship . aggg it feels like my life is falling apart but yet at the same time i know it isn't . firstly im going to community college for a year and am not fighting constantly but am arguing with my parents ... ive got a proposal for another infj villain . how about ultron from marvels age of ulton . the only thing i dont know about are the e and i he might be an extrovert over an introvert . if you need more proof for loki here is another website . loki - the quintessential infj super villain - psychology junkie i found them on a website i will post the links . for loki loki - mbti in fiction or jafar it is a constant change between intj and infj or enfj so i dont really know if he is an infj for ... here is where we can list fictional infj villains . ? ? jafar ? ? ( aladin ) loki ( marvel ) ? ? sauraman ? ? ( lord of the rings ) i personally relate to faramier from the lord of the rings the most . other top characters i relate to are mulan , lupin and i would say loki . history does mention women . have you ever heard of cleopatra ? catherine the great of russia ? maria theresa of austria ? women are mentioned in history . have you ever seen any of the jay walking with jay leno ? if not you should check them out , there hilarious . thanks for the help though sorry , let me clarify a bit . it was a no date prom and i asked her on a date at prom not to prom . second she isn't going on dates with other people , that was her friend telling me that to mess with ... how about osama bin laden or chang ki sheek . ( spelled that wrong ) i told my aunt that i had the same personality type as a lot of dicators and she burst out laughing . i do like being compared to ... i haven't dated anybody before but do like a girl . it just sort of happened . i can't really explain it . we have a lot in common and its easy to talk to her . i am physically attracted to her also / humanities all the way ! ! ! i am majoring in history and want to either teach or write fiction . i thought this would be an interesting thread . how do you handle liking that guy or girl . just share your thoughts about that pre dating like and crush stage and how you handle it and any facts ... i wouldn't be emberresed i just wouldn't want the relationship i have with her to be ruined thats all . i plan on doing a lot of group activities with her and our cross country team . she is also ... no , not directly , but she has said herself that she is very protective of her friend . i then asked her why and she says its just fun to make a big deal out of nothing . even though she said it ... sorry if there is already a thread with this subject but i thought a list of different fictional characters and which one you relate to the most would be a cool idea . infj only in this thread . i'll ... i hope this is the right place to post this . if not please tell me and i will change it . im new here thats why i ask . i am an infj and the girl i like is an intj . i will tell you whats going on ... '