' infp 5w6 bsc in chemistry , minor in physics , working on a phd in the field of computational chemistry . granted , i definitely take a different approach to science to nt and st types , but i have ... i'm going to pipe up here and throw a spanner in the works . i think you may well be an infp actually ! you undoubtedly have a lot of ne , i think . i can see it . but i can also see a lot of fi ... as a decided infp , a lot of ideas i have read in this thread are purely nonsensical . what , with supporting bush or not , justifying evils and having everything if one ideal isn't true ? i feel there's ... i'm really too busy with exams to have free time at the moment ? but when i do , i love wandering by canals or somewhere with some nice peaceful vibe . i like people watching and observing people's ... does anyone else think that beyond the age of about fourteen , charm bracelets are a little stupid ? i'm talking about the build your personality with charms types . i value family so i must wear a ... ha , i love the phrasing of this question . funny stuff . often wondered this , but i think it's a combination of the feeling of being understood , which most people desire . also infps tend to be ... an open letter to my dear fellow infps , i am the user here who seems to have started this terrible conundrum , i . e . the are infps writers ? etc . etc . debate . for this , i am truly sorry , mostly ... wow , what a thread ! i think that if you're going to look at logic , infp is not the answer . hard facts are not typically the strong point . i think if you're going to look at reason through empathy , ... you want an infp , i think you have to read infp . so the lord of the rings . tolkien was an infp . winnie the pooh has some fantastic lines : a . a . milne was infp . i think infp like to write so much ... i am an infp with a good few intjs in my life in the form of acquaintances , friends , foes , and actually my partner . i think you're all quite harsh on yourselves . what makes an asshole ? i would say ... your characteristically inherent sarcasm is a beautiful thing . i simultaneously want to tell you to play nice , as well as commend you for a wonderfully dark sense of wit . that paradox right there ... i get this . i dated an istj for a year and a half , and felt very similarly . things were always very up and down , and i was very hot and cold . he was definitely more interested in me than i was in him ... least infp thing about me is probably my profession and the fact that i'm in love with an intj . i have a lot of intj friends and that's apparently a little bit odd for your stereotypically sensitive ... liberty . always liberty . head or heart ? so far , mostly negatively i'm afraid . i know more istjs than other sj types , and i seem to clash all of the time with istjs . these types endear me usually to begin with , and i'm taken aback by their ... this post gave me butterflies : 3 thank you , that was a really , super helpful and reassuring post to read . i can resonate a lot with the things you just highlighted and your rationalisation of my ... that's a good question . around exams and deadlines and particularly hefty decision making , i will not even feel stressed most of the time and instead just see the results physically : tired skin , ... this is interesting . i have no problem at all in identifying and rationalizing emotions in myself and in others . my moral compass is strong , but i am very tolerant about other peoples conflicting ... science writing - books , articles , blogs , patent attorney - approving patents computer scientist - programming anatomist - human body knowledge zoologist - animal knowledge microbiologist - ... this seems like the behaviour of a perceiver rather than a judger . you also don't seemed too bothered by it , which implies some sense of a relaxed nature , which is often more characteristic of ... hello to anyone whose clicked on this :) i'm wondering whether i am infp or enfp . i know quite a bit about both really , and i'm not new to mbti or to perc , but i can't seem to be fully satisfied ... telepathicgoose funky mbti in fiction âx80x94 type contrast : enfp vs . infp after writing this ... read this :) hey goose :) couldn't watch the vid because of whatever nonsensical reason youtube presented but whatever i am not acquainted with any known enfps in my life , nor infps , but i resonate a lot with ... also , poetry : very infp . words . nom . gahhh i agree so much with so much of what you've said about yourself ! i also think a lot of what you've listed as reasons for being enfp can be very infp ... i'm gonna go and throw a big spanner in the works here and say infp . i'm an infp myself , and i can concur with the vast majority of what you're saying . there's a youtube vid of an andrew garfield ... i concur completely . i major in chemistry at college and while i love it , with so much physics , maths , chemistry , statistics , and so much analysis , there is a severe lack of feeling types in general ... i really enjoyed watching the videos posted by necrilia :) i myself am an infp , and i can really identify with andrew garfield's impassioned rant followed by a wave of self-consciousness . fi - ... i was going to reply comprehensively , but i really think ellicat summed it up very nicely indeed :) so i think i'm just going to make little points , pretty much repeating most things i suppose ! ... xstj i clash with a lot . mainly istj as my life is simply loaded with introverts . i also find entjs difficult a lot . our views on life in general just don't seem to coincide . same with istj . there's ... the nameless composer i like your username , by the way . got a real nice ring to it ! :) this dynamic is also very interesting to me . i've been in both situations . i fell into a relationship after ... the nameless composer i like your username , by the way . got a real nice ring to it ! :) this dynamic is also very interesting to me . i've been in both situations . i fell into a relationship after ... saintsqc i will not stand to be patronised by you . you very clearly attacked me . if not directly , then by allusions . you very definitely questioned my ability , intelligence and competence , and are ... selena 87 because he's asked a question , and then defiantly refutes any response which disagrees which what he desires . he's even tested as istj , the overall feeling is that he is istj , and he is ... mr . rozay i like where you're going with this . okay look , your arguments above are by default , completely invalid . you've twisted your story so many times that i can't count , and if you think something like that is going to ever deem you an intj , ... no . mystic and cryptic implies that the intj may well have indeed mulled it over , planning and structuring , but they are disclosing only what they feel appropriate . they also are not at all fans of ... my guess is istj . your post reads like an open book , and lacks the mystery and cryptic about a typical intj post . your post is also kind of thrown together rather than properly planned and structured ... i'm kind of answering this thread from th xnfp point of view . i am an infp dating an intj male for quite some time . it began as friends in a mutual friend group . i was instantly attracted to him ... so and lots of friends are intjs , and i like that . good , quirky people for the most part . have few istj friends and an istj ex . fine as acquaintances only , for me . cannot seem to understand nor ... infjs ... hmm . one of my good friends is an infj . we met each other and said to ourselves : i want to be friends with this person , and that's great . we click well and get each other for the most ... father - intj mother - infj grandmother - infp siblings - entj ( somewhat close ) , istj ( conflict ) so - intj friends - many intj , few infj , few intp , few esfj , few istj in my experience , i find ... terrible . dated an istj on / off for about a year . it was like as soon as i was in long enough ( which could only be three weeks sometimes ) i was bored and irritated and we clashed heads . longest would ... 5w6 , no idea istj , and intj intj longest and still going ( solid and steady for ~ 10 months ) istj - 1 + yr , off and on . ended because we were very incompatible individuals regarding what ... unfortunately , yes i suppose i do judge . i don't for a second invalidate anyone's job in society and i don't assume anyone is a bad person for the job that they do . but a job is a really big part of ... it depends very much on the two people involved . personally , i like the introverts . i'm currently in a long-term relationship with an intj male . he's quiet and quirky like i am , and we share many ... i hate structure , i feel boxed in by it . to be honest , it doesn't really help me at all . for me it's all about attitude and mood . if i feel like studying or feel like getting an a on an exam , then ... today , i feel like a being a ballerina . i bought these super nice flat shoes which tie with ribbons , wore my slouchy top and my lotr eve'n star necklace , tied my hair in a ballerina bun and i danced ... i just wanted to thank you for your post , i concur with your opinions on this matter and it was just really lovely to read . perhaps it was the way in which you phrased your mind and perhaps it was ... 309722 pictures ! hey everybody : kitteh : one of my friends is entj and i am infp . our views on this matter in particular differ enormously . she believes that you kind of fall victim to society and to what is generally expected of you by ... '