' again , you don't know what you're talking about . generation x started out with home computing systems such as atari 400 and commodore variations in elementary school . we then were with technology ... you just killed your own argument , since you could also apply the same to what you said earlier about me allegedly using an ad hominem . as for your contention that gen x has less knowledge of ... pray tell , what do they say ? just for your edification , i know you were being sarcastic . that doesn't camouflage your intent . try again . i used it to illustrate his folly . turnaround is fair play in an argument . wanna talk ad hominems ? how about the innuendo that gen-xers are somehow akin to the amish when it comes to iphones ? ... you know what they say about sarcasm's level on the wit scale ... you have to admit that taking up smoking in this day and age certainly qualifies as , shall we say , a lapse in sense . contrary to the know-it-all notions of millennials , gen-xers are pretty smart when it comes to technology * . additionally , being generation z ( a subset of millennials , in case you're wondering ) and ... well , it's not so much that other parties are irrelevant as it is a situation where there's a plutocracy that controls the mass media . the mass media in the united states is controlled by a handful ... wouldn't you characterize obama's yes we can bleating supporters as sheep ? the disadvantages should be obvious . sounding like a fool would be top of the list . not being understood as you make up new words would be on there too . should we all walk about sounding like jar ... i think i made my thoughts on it clear . sounds like a word a child made up . hit a little too close to home , did i ? so has society made yet another noun a verb ? people like that are control freaks , despite usually being rule followers to the max . if you don't unquestioningly follow their example of obeisance to convention or authority , they hate you . if conning doesn't require much intelligence , what does that say about the people who get conned ? i worked with a woman who had to have been an sf . she was always sashaying around the office , chirping loudly , and expecting everyone else to be as expansive as she was . she was a nutcase . negatively by whose standard , though ? for instance , one personality type might be quiet and reserved . some people brand that as negative , while it could really be a positive . we have too many ... people like the ones you just described annoy me to no end . their explanation for everything seems to be , that's just the way it is . which is why i stated that i use it as a foundation . not everything described about an intj personality matches me , but it's incredibly close . this sort of thing makes me chuckle . i just cannot understand why people feel the need to do silly things in order to fit in or relate to others . i can't imagine thinking to myself , hey , those ... sex . : laughing : true . however , a personality type ( at least in my own personal experience ) provides an explanation to the foundation of my feelings or views . to invest in something called google when it hits the stock market . and then they still insist you're angry , either by their demeanor or saying it outright . i'm not on this earth to entertain people , so why do people feel intimidated or uncomfortable when i want to ... or a variation thereof . you know you're intj when you'd rather do it yourself than risk the high probability of someone else fucking it up . i'm back in school again and i'm getting annoyed with all the extraneous bullshit we're expected to learn that has nothing to do with my major . it's hard to remain engaged with a topic if you're not ... the only problem with having rationality and truth on your side ( which i can fully relate to , by the way ) , is that people in general are increasingly immune to rational thought and will more and more ... anywhere i can be alone . it's happened to me more times than i can recall . so the answer is yes . this is why i'm cynical , jaded , and generally view people with suspicion . most people i've met are quite talented at ... the longer i live , the more i find the intj description to be accurate about myself . no matter how many times i do the test , it's always intj , but what i mean is that whenever i read the ... in my opinion , dating is a joke . it's just another charade foisted onto us by so-called society . any situation where i'm under the microscope of what society deems normal is not my cup of tea . ... i agree with this . in the advice vein , i really have to roll my eyes at idiots who can see evidence of my competence in an area , ask me for advice , then promptly ignore it . thanks for wasting my ... it's simply for the reason that most people would ignore the faint noise and go to sleep . people are big on sophistry and one-liners these days . hardly anyone thinks anymore . one thing that annoys me is when someone approaches me and says , can i ask you a question ? well , hmmm , i think you just did ! 100 % ! so many people in my office would ask stupid questions of me when the answer could be easily found on google . some would even wait until i wasn't busy to ask me ! they could have looked it up ...  mine tends to fluctuate in terms of percentages , but i always end up as intj . my latest is : intj introvert ( 67 % ) intuitive ( 12 % ) thinking ( 38 % ) judging ( 33 % ) you have distinct preference ...  it's better to be alone than in bad company . it may sound arrogant , but personal experience tells me that most people are superficial morons and are a waste of time . i don't want to discuss tv all ... is that the way this forum works ? you erase what you disagree with ? i'd like to be a moderator so i can play god too . :d ry : in other words , you believe in an accidental view of history . nothing is planned , but is all happenstance . i can sit here and go back and forth with you , but you'll lose patience . i bow to your superior knowledge of what goes on in the world . please accept this bowl of porridge i made as homage to ... but i like my toes ! : laughing : '