i have taken the test 4-5 times , years in between ) first when i was 17 ) , i always get intj . why i would fake wanting to know myself , is a mystery to me . when reading a good book , or reading on for tomorrow's lesson is more important than having chit chat with your friends . couldn't have stated it any better . comes with the territory i guess . well for kort . i have no comment on most of what you put in except for kate ... strikes me more as an extrovert , especially when she flirts . oh , i love palmer . he's so cute and so inappropriate . it's adorable . just had to say . how about fbi agent fornell , i am thinking istj . and trent kort ? i love this guy , so mysterious . well , i am supposedly an intj , but these typings , should i say is not an exacting science . it's hard for me to develop affections for people or really genuinely care . i remember asking myself , if one ... badly . i remember having a fight with my older brother and she pointed out my lack of friends as an argument against me . it turned into a screaming match . sadly , he was better . wth ? i usually start at the middle , it's a strategic position in the tic-tac to game . i start at the corners if i want it to be a bit more challenging . : still you play after you say fuck ... all i know is that abby is a big f . and yeah , she seems o be very comfy with a lot of people wish makes her an e . i agree with the enfp typing . director shepard strikes me more of an introvert ... * spoilers * i'm thinking she is more of an f than a t . she is very sensitive and really doesn't do much planning . she just follows orders , and follows her feelings . i am also leaning more into j ... women : eva green , cate blanchett , anna popplewell , lucy lawless , that kid who plays sansa , milla jovovich , michelle rodriguez , rhona mitra , emily blunt , ali larter , debora ann wol , kristin bauer , ziva ... lol , it usually comes to that . but double the frustration i guess . :P who among you are guilty of that ? games like bejeweled blitz and tumblebugs ... time consuming and pointless , and guaranteed to annoy and frustrate . do you fine yourself overthinking of strategies ... leafy . like tea left for too long ? 1 . hybrid cars ? nope , i like the bid ones , you know , with black smoke coming out of their tubes . nah , i kid . hybrid is good , but i won't go to a car store particularly looking for one . 2 ... thinking back , theon greyjoy is more of an extrovert . i put him on introvert on before , an entj perhaps ? he's a very smart character , very good planner , he actually has a lot in common with tyrion ... you seem to have some fixations on paralysis ... you want to talk about it ? i like the one on the avie better , and i don't watch that show , though i've seen some . if you look anything like that avatar of yours , i might . ok , let's just stick with the series , not the books , for the sake of those who hasn't read it yet . i am not very good at typing , but here goes : ned stark - istj catelyn tully stark - esfj ... gus is definitely an intj . well , you all convinced me that walt was intj , though sometimes i am leaning to istj as well . who was the deemed intp ? in movies , the violence and gore make me smirk , and sometimes it is what i look for when watching a movie . but there is a limit , like i cannot really watch the saw movies without thinking what if ... @ op : i guess i have to say i liked the first one better . feels relaxing you know , something i'd want to be on the background if i am busy with something . kinda sets the mood right . does this fall ... i did like one painting when i visited the art museum in denver . it was a renaissance piece , religious context but i did find myself staring into it . i do not remember exactly what it was but it was ... i don't know why this made me lol . just because ... dad : istj - loves to read , a bit controlling , almost similar taste in books and music . quiet , with a temper . sarcstic but funny . mom : enfj - people pleaser , but really hard and a tough woman ... do you like looking at paintings , or watching artistic shows or theaters or reading poetry ? it's just a curious question as intjs are supposedly the intellectuals , the scientific , so these things , ... don't have one ... yet . maybe you . abraxas 5-3- 9 action potential 5-1- 4 bethdeth 9-5- 3 bogspirit 5-9- 4 coonsy 5w6 , 3w2 , 8w7 sp / ? freddo 5w6 -1-9 sp / so javier 5-8- 3 kainita 5-1- 3 l'empereur 7-2- 9 sp / so letmeknowwhenitworks ... religion is a whole different thing . well it is related to god , but it's primarily conceived by human minds . it could also be argued that the concept of god is , but the hell , it would just be a ... which is also what makes us , or maybe just me , human . it's really hard to explain , words are not my friend . but the op asked if there are intj's here that believe in god and there is my answer , ... i am the middle child and both did have a great effect on me . my older brother , he's an estx , i think , was a problematic one before , and did bring a lot of problems in the family and ultimately ... i am not sure if i understood it or not . but i can't explain it either . the people that i am usually interested , i become all sarcastic with them , but in a playful way ... i am not sure if they take ... yeah , coz the more you learn , the more questions you see , and see that there isn't possibly a scientific answer to it . well at least , not in the near future , and maybe , in time , there will be answers ... as tyrion lannister might have said , i'd rather not die at all . i've never been in a relationship but i am unsure if i can be considered a virgin . yet i never had sex , i think . not a day goes by that the thought of killing someone doesn't enter my mind . i ... i have a question for my fellow intjs ... i am in my early to mid 20 ' s and i've never had a relationship before ( thought sometimes makes me ask why ) , so anyone here who is in the same situation ? ... i'm not an infj , but my best friend who is , and is also a female have more male friends ... dunno , just wanted to add that observation here . maybe you males ... just want more females . just a thought ... i am catholic , and i started having doubts too long ago , but what really made it for me was a show from discovery interviewing stephen hawking . ironic , but he says that it the findings do not ... never really thought about what i wanted in a man . a good face is one . though i may fill out an entire page just describing a man physically . anyway , i cannot say which personality type exactly i ... good reasons . i don't really know how bullying at school works in america , since i am not american , but thinking back , i was bullied by ' friends ' when i was in middle school . i was an achiever ... leon kennedy in resident evil drew mclane , fraternity of the stone by david morrell akira from the 5th profession , by david morrell eddard stark from game of thrones oh there are just so many ... and read something interesting . i am female , mid 20 ' s i think , don't really want to think about age atm . anyway , i hope i can get something interesting and insightful here . : wink :