' actualized type : intp ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 78.79 % extroverted ( e ) 21.21 % intuitive ( n ) 65.63 % sensing ( s ) 34.38 % thinking ( t ) 68.97 % feeling ( f ) 31.03 % perceiving ( p ) 62.5 % judging ( j ) ... 55.833 out of 100 masculine points 39.167 out of 100 feminine points 39.167 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points gender : female mbti type : intp , probably . i thought mental health was included in the health part of health and fitness ? but oh well . so someone else forced you to ? : shocked : you seem to be enjoying perc though , so i guess it's all good in the end ? : cool : thenhowcanyouhaveanaccountifyoudidnotsignup ... wait are you being serious , or are you just joking ? if you're serious , sig = signature . i'm assuming you already know though , since you have a sig yourself and all . exxp ( that vagueness tho ) tmlt dance to my chemical romance songs i guess , sometimes , life is just too hard to understand . or should i say , derstandable ? any type can appreciate radiobread . btw nice avatar huehuehue didn't you mention my sig ? or did i misunderstand what you said lol maybe once or twice a year . i enjoy going to concerts if it's a band / musician that i like . it can be sort of annoying with so many people there , but i usually manage to ignore it and just focus ... crepe by radiobread ( the one in my sig ) it really is a great song ! oh really , you would ? why thank you that's very nice of you . i don't really know you , but i think i would have liked to be your friend too = ^ . ^ = i got intp on that test , which is what i usually get . i think some of the questions were too either-or though . for example , i usually like to keep my options open , but i also often want to know ... how come ? witch of oreo : i think infp seems fair enough , i think you have high ne at least do you think you could explain why ? i don't think people normally see me as an extrovert ( let alone an sf type ) so i'm curious : 3 littledreamer i dunno about your mbti but your enneagram ... yeah seems accurate if you and your wife enjoy kinky shiz , then go for it . it's just cat costumes , not that much of a big deal . istj : kuudere , tsundere isfj : yandere , dandere , undere intj : kuudere , oujidere , kamidere infj : kuudere , dandere , yandere , istp : tsundere , kuudere , hinedere , bodere isfp : kuudere , dandere , ... question one . are you vegan or vegetarian for moral reasons ? is your bedroom messy ? i tried being vegetarian for a while , mainly for environmental and health reasons . though i wasn't really ... if i can offer you any sort of advice , i'd recommend you not to worry too much about being part of a bigger group . if you really want to be part of one , then keep on looking for people that you ... lol well , it was supposed to be a joke just for shits ( huehuehue see what i did there ) and giggles . but if i could tweak it a bit , then perhaps : at this moment , it is of vital importance that ... i gotta take a fucking shit right-handed , though i'm pretty good at using my left hand : smileys-sunbathing - ' ello is this forum still alive ? anyhoot , idk but maybe baggy t-shirts and ripped jeans or something , but that's kind of what i already wear ( quite often at least ) , so idk how different it would ... nico exists in everything , even in the engines of race cars ! nyoom i think they're both useful but in different ways , i guess . i like the way you think ~ let's hope for a prolonged peace between cate and doge in the future : fall : : woof : oh no i'm not satan anymore . ( i'm mentally speaking still a child though , so you're not wrong . ) 1 million digits of pi but , but , but ... your avatar is a cat : ball : : shocked : that was very interesting : welcome : doge what about intp ? ( ^ w ^ ) / i feel hungry 1 . intp 2 . it depends ... but probably a combination of myself and people i care about . ( might be leaning more towards myself though because i can be quite selfish ) 3 . i don't see the point in ... sleep . and to be done with school ... > < i'm most likely 9w1 , though i'm not sure about tritypes . i usually don't relate too much with the stereotypical descriptions of intp ( never going outside / never showering / always gaming or reading ... again , yes lol . endologic entp seems all right seems legit gotta type ' em all ( or as many as i can , at least ) karasuno hinata shouyou : esfp kageyama tobio : istx , leaning towards istj tsukishima kei : istp - akiteru said something along the lines of ... what even is this thread istp f = ma i think enfp or esfp , but i'm not too sure though . intp 15/80 lol well then kenma kozume from haikyuu is so similar to me it's almost creepy . i even used to have a hairstyle that was similar to his . picky '