' this is so hard to get over . old thread , but i just wanted to point out that this exactly me in text lol . royalty being afraid has nothing to do with avoiding conflict . one's a feeling , and the other is an action . so you know all about me now huh ? like if i'm watching a show and something bad happens , i sometimes mute it until the bad part is over . i'm a type 5 though .. lol . i mean , i get nervous / embarrassed to see conflict on tv shows . i just feel a certain way about seeing conflict , even if it's not real . yeah .. strangers who tell me their life stories . i'm not for it . the reason for this is because the death penalty isn't a deterrent to committing a crime . when people think irrationally , they act irrational and have zero regard for consequence ... i don't . but then again , i'm not big on halloween . as a matter of fact , i've only dressed up once as an adult for halloween . i'll also add that i don't like being in situations where i could be ... 1 . better routine at night ( always read some time before bed most nights ) .. 2 . eat at the caloric level i need ( which is more eating ) 3 . use my time a tad more efficiently 4 . get back on ... mine stays deactivated . i sometimes activated for a day or two though . social media is pretty awful imo lol . i'm not . i'm 28 . i'm doing fine . i have a clear defined goal for myself . i was just thinking about the past . sorry i didn't clarify . it was more of a question on why i felt the way i did in my late ... i mean , is it really realistic to know oneself enough to know what you want to do for the next 30-40 years by 17-18 ? to know what kind of person you like at that age ? to know your identity ? to ... i splurge on food .. definitely food lol . if i get emotional over something dumb it's because i was already frustrated with something else that matters , and things have peaked at that particular moment . so you believe every person on this planet has the luxury to quit their job ? no not really . usually exercise 3-5 times a week . i purposely go through 8-12 week cycles , and then taper off for a week or two and then completely do nothing for a week . i weight train and do some ... exactly . there's no doubt in my mind i would be playing pro soccer somewhere right now if i had that certain umph that makes athletes tick . too hard to tell . i recommend doing a cognitive functions test . with that said , it seems to me as if you're going off of the letter-based mbti . like when i was younger-for much of my first 12-13 years of life-i really cared about excelling in sports . however , right around that age of 13-14 was when my actual competitive drive began to slowly ... to me loving yourself means taking care of one self . i would call this self care . an act of self care can be as simple as avoiding stressful triggers . non-infp like traits : 1 . well organized 2 . keep things clean 3 . not unwilling to spend money on some of the more expensive things 4 . physically active this , even if it's not everything you wanted done as long as you've done something . just as long as you're overall trend is upward , you can have to low points scattered . no one type has a monopoly on evil . the unfortunate situation is that 99 % of work spaces are not democratic at all . so as of right now , you have to do what they say . just do it for a few months , get efficient and it'll slow down for ... i got an 18 . what does this mean ? every time i look at the header i read it as tiger woods lol . probably no . but it also depends on what you would consider depression . there's clinical depression and then there's things like sadness , which is an emotion that everyone experiences . you in need of some crack .. ? i've honestly seen the opposite . and it seems just as common . i not big on dancing either and all of those things you've said apply . but good thing is i have decent rhythm on certain types of music and over time i've learned to just do my thing and not worry ... i think about my self worth , and convince myself that i have comparable ( intrinsic ) value as every other person in this world . i think about the few people that i have in this world-who-care for me ... i wouldn't call this ocd , or even a quirk . it's pretty common . i'm not blaming you . nor did i imply that the statement was false . i'm not referring to your statement--i was talking about the reason why you replied with that statement .. i don't not need this in my life right now lol . so if i was unclear . my bad . no we're not doing this . no , no no . adonnus it's a trap ! really ? already .. it's only post # 7 guys . that ain't gonna happen anytime soon lol . i agree . nationalism is a horrid idea . i'll start off by saying it's the notion that things just are the way they are and the justification of said sentiment by invoking tradition . another is just a simple lack of awareness of ... at least you don't deal with customers all day .. it sounds like you have that going for you . virgo , but got libra .. that sentence made me think about this lecture . about 4 minutes in exactly . exactly , and just to add : with example two we're dealing with values we can clarify and define . we can't determine numeric values without using numbers . so for instance , saying that two distinct ... intj women are scary ? news to me . the opposite of a scientist is anyone who is not a scientist . college hoops 2k8 / nba 2k series and third-person shooters . i'm a huge nba fan so .. and that game is so immersive that it's halfway rpg like with all the in-game adjustments one has to make and that ... '