i have a friend who is a type 7 but is chronically at unhealthy levels and disintegrating to type 1 . me and my friends thought he was a type 1 since he calls himself a perfectionist and keeps a tight ... when things get bottled up and stress levels rise , i get overwhelmed . i can't take it or do it . i have to over concentrate to get things done and get hypersensitive to the point where i snap ... i send you a cyber { { { hug } } } i think you need one . hang in there , you will get through this all and you are strong . don't worry too much about this limerence thing . i personally think it is ... making a necessary threat is quite arrogant in my opinion and i find it harmful . it is like feeling above the other and comes from a place of power instead of compassion . now , i am not preaching ... i am sure you are a good person but that is what i dont like about estj behavior , the lying . my friend does this too and i cannot understand this and never will . why not just be honest instead of ... love of my life is estj . we are incredibly different but somehow the same in the middle somewhere . we no more have a relationship . there was huge attraction mutually . a relationship with an esfj is ... he may be suffering with ocpd . ( obsessive compulsive personality disorder ) you may like to read upon it here and see if it fits him . ocpd info and message board : obsessive-compulsive personality ... i don't like facebook . too much forced interaction . i prefer sites like linkedin which is a bit more reserved and distant in communication . lol it's my experience that their fe comes out when drinking ... devilish . if i were in your situation what i would like best is to talk things through and get closure . surpressing things would not work at all for me and i'd rather bring it in the open . so perhaps that we'd ... just wondering . is exploring information like say collecting information from the internet a se function ? when somebody in the street passes by and catches your attention because you are inspired by the beautiful bright color of a coat and you would like to tell the person on the spot how much you like ... estj he is the love of my life and the most difficult man i know . we are so opposite . hence the bond i guess . albeit unspoken . i generally get on best with feelers , if or ef . there's a quick ... me too , i am hardworking and quite perfectionistic . i love it when i am in the good energy action flow because if i don't work i will slow down and not get moved too much and will procastrinate . like ... i do not think i come across at quiet . usually my voice is quite straightforward but i would hate to think it would sound harsh . engage processes in tandem for powerful results each of the cognitive processes can be used with its opposite in a tandem relationship ( see page 20 . ) at first a process and its x93oppositex94 may feel ... i have read somewhere that when se and ni ( 2nd and 3rd ) are well developed and work well together it's possible to be in touch with these so called premonitions or the ability of being pychic . when i am under pressure of my inferior te i have a lot of resentment and pent up anger going off on a rant . i am prone to snap more at the same time feeling numb . i sometimes feel if i am being ... oh definitely , it's just a soup . but the fact that maybe you worked so hard and made the soup perfect would never allow me to tell you it is bad cause i appreciate your effort above all . drea . likewise . neither can i comprehend it . to not be affected . i think infp / isfp are total opposites of estj's . and vice versa lol . perhaps we are wayyy over sensitive or perhaps my partner estj ... lol i wouldn't tell you anyway that it was bad even when you asked me , saves you time to clean up and polish your rifles : laughing : wickedqueen , but i do understand what you are trying to say about the soup . it makes sense logically of course . but how about if i came to dinner at your place and you made me soup . and then i ... estj won't apologize just for the sake of validating someone's feelings . estj will apologize when the fact said we are wrong . mmmmm .. i have a real hard time with this . of course it is all ... don't take offense to the sometimes stuff . we think out loud very often - its the e . if we are close to you , you can point out that we are being abrasive and we will reconsider how we are speaking . we ... my estj is the love of my life . yet , we are so different . it comes down that we basically want the same things in life . some great traits : very dedicated and loyal to his work and hardworking , ... gosh , i wish you were not so black and white . my love of my life is estj but he can be so blunt and abrasive . takes me sometimes a week to recover from . totally dismissing my feelings . ratonal and ... i am not hard to get to know as i am quite open . i believe isfp is quite extraverted . i do well with action , it is how i tap into my energy . as for opening up to others i have no problem with it as ... yes , i believe so . i have experienced premonitions myself . personally i think maybe not as frequent as np types which seem to be most common with psychic ability . ( infp and enfp ) i love this ability ... you know when yoú are isfp when beautiful colors make you instantly happy . when mixing and matching and finding the right combinations together with how things feel in your own hands give you ... this keys 2 test was very coherent with what i have always come up with : isfp i really like this test and love the lay out of it . i thought about this for a while . envy is a human emotion , we all have it . but envy like comparing myself to others is something i actually never consciously do . it's more like observing others but ... very interesting lucky . i had actually never looked at it that way but now it makes sense . thought provocing . then ennea 4 is not in my trifix for sure . it's just that i wouldn't mind envy , it can be ... lol inebriato , i was more focuued on getting him . and indeed , jealousy is only a waste ot time then lol . interesting . envy is one thing that is not a part of me , never was . i am not sure if envy is related to being a healthy person . ( i am frequnetly not ) i do have issues though but envy is not one of ... thanks seekjess , i get very much what you are saying and yes that's how i think it is too in a way . it seems to me in this situation it was him that broke the trust . i would absolutely point the ... yes , i have been thinking about that too . but as far as i can remember i have not let him down . i always tried to be open with him and then perhaps he could have taken that as negative feedback or ... hi , i have a problem with an istj friend and would like to get some help and gaining some understanding . we usually get along nicely but lately this has not been so and i am somewhat puzzled and ... also i think istj is a very good match when both healthy . i have many friends who are istj's and i adore them . they fascinate me because it is so hard to figure them out . gentle hearts with a ... my dear husband is estj . we compliment each other very well , he keeps me grounded . he is very good with finances which i don't really care about much . and he cares about economy and financial news ... i am more at ease with intoverts . it's like i feel with extroverts like esfj's , their hearts are on their sleeves . it's too much for me . i like it when someone shows their love and kindness with ... i become very creative and love the world . i feel a sort of bliss and am thankful . i don't neccesarily have to spent every minute with the person . it's just that i feel fortunate somebody unlocked ... just curious ... i have read that type 6 with a five wing ( 6w5 ) is most common for istj's , is this true ? thanks a lot . do you feel guilt after you lashed out irrationally especially when you have the other person in high regard ? is so , how do you cope with guilt and how does it manifest ? how about when you hurt somebody with word for these reasons ? would you apologize ?