' highclasssavage crush ! kill ! destroy ! urien poloniumcyanide if we're still talking about the enneagram , then the information provided isn't very useful . if we're talking about mbti , i'd strongly wager that you're an xnfj . i can't quite ... her preemptive rejection of society and denial of her vulnerability is exemplary of why she's an 8 . an example of her being vulnerable and showing that she does have a soft side , one that is ... zato would have to agree that typing yourself based on relating to a fictional character is not recommended . with that said , morrigan is most definitely a self-preservation 8 . she's a hard-nosed ... my car ! not being able to go wherever the hell i please , whenever i want feels like castration . istp a lot of 6s have told me they like marijuana because it turns their brain off . cocaine always seemed like it would be particularly appealing to 7s because of the heightened feeling of ... triple reactive , 6 - 8 - 4 . nobunaga kintsugi fair enough . if you're interested , i'll pm you . ah , i'm glad you asked . from what little i've seen of you , both in this thread and in other sub-forums , you've demonstrated skepticism , cynicism , contradictory assertions , misanthropy , possible ... no , it's not putting words into your mouth , lol . i asked the question : to which you responded with : : wink :: kitteh : that's the dumbest shit i've ever heard . if all opinions are invalid ( because they're subjective ... ) , then what reason do you have to believe in any opinion ? believing in someone's opinion would ... how is this even an argument ? an opinion is inherently subjective ... otherwise it wouldn't be a fucking opinion , lol . are you seriously claiming that all opinions are invalid because they're ... in bruges . fuckin hilarious . our numbers are low on the forum , but we exist ! lol if that's what it means to you , i can respect that . it's just that i find when people use the phrase , it's more often than not used as a ... everything happens for a reason - it's an empty saying that holds far less weight than the corpse it's likely being said over . when people say this , all they're doing is rationalizing and cheapening ... primary color : red secondary color : orange pelopra i agree with the majority of your observations of type 6 . i think the bit about how 6s come up with options and prepare for worst case scenarios , even when calm and unstressed , is an ... hk - 47 that ain't no variant of sexual 7 , that's just you . : laughing : i'm an esfp sx / sp and i fuckin ' hate people . nuff ' said . would like some input on my type ! currently typed as 6w7 - 8w7 - 4w3 sx / sp . only types i'm considering are 6w7 , 7w6 , and 7w8 . also , having trouble determining between sx / sp and sp / sx . social last is ... i like this response . i actually respect this a lot . more power to you doc ! :D :D :D :D ay doc , i got a little somethin ' for ya , some of that new shit out on the market . they call it val-id-ation ( rx ) . it's guaranteed to get all of your needs met . tired of feeling alone ... from what i can recall , the correlation between ni and 7 is that both have an orientation towards anticipating and planning for the future . i disagree with this . jaime doesn't feel that he has to live up to the hype . what hype ? he is universally despised by the masses and seen as an arrogant , dishonorable , and immoral kingslayer . he ... mom - entj 3w2 - 6w7 - 1w2 ( ? ) , so / sx dad - esfp 6w7 - 8w7 / 1w2 ( ? ) - 2w3 , sp / sx nah , the holy ideas as well as all things spiritual about the enneagram sounds like a bunch of dog shit to me . no , my friend's sister just put it lightly on the cats ' head . of course we don't want the cats to get hurt . this is totally off-topic , but has anyone ever put tape over a cat's eyes to completely obscure their vision ? it's one thing where cats are far more fucking retarded then dogs lmao . you see , a dog ... don't have a cat but i swear my friend's cat is an 8 . he's been poisoned , hit by a car , lost for several weeks and came back fucked up . he gets into fights with other neighborhood cats frequently ... ahahahahahahahaha . yes . exactly . tropes <3 . noble demon no , this is incorrect . thinking in jcf / mbti deals with categorizing according to logical principles . feeling deals with categorizing according to values . sensing deals with perceiving concrete ... nah , i just wanted to be an asshole . * shrugs * so what's your reasoning again ? i've yet to hear it . what i consider the best thing about the enneagram is having a reasonable framework to better understand myself and other people . no , but if you're doing back flips of fucking joy after discovering your type , i'd seriously doubt you typed correctly . eye on the tv cause tragedy thrills me whatever flavor it happens to be like killed by the husband drowned by the ocean shot by his own son ... : laughing : yeah , i noticed that too lol . actually , i'm an ass-man : cool : . must be the rican in me lol . i'm a sucker for big-boobs too , but then again , anything does it for me lmao . i must say , ... lol , i was initially going to say let's try to get back on fucking topic since this thread is so good , but then i saw cosmic orgasm is already on that shit ( of course lmao ) . so fuck it , i'll indulge ... lol , you evil , evil woman . my libido is high enough as it is ! last thing i need is photos of curvy women to get that itch going : laughing : . and lmao @ tricking women into thinking you're a male , ... the way i put that was perhaps a bit exaggerated but no , that , as well as everything else i said , were things i actually did . it's good that these things make you cringe though . that means you have a ... wouldn't say i have a deep wound , at least not something worth mentioning . though as far as darkness goes , i'd have to say the one thing i've always been aware of is having a sadistic inclination . ... i don't know if what you describe is an intuitive thing or if maybe i'm just shallow but if i see a photo of a beautiful woman bearing her curves , that just makes me fucking horny lmao . oh and ... that's my kind of woman : blushed : lmfao . '