' perhaps he's saying , that we lose ourselves in the forest and miss the trees . that is , many people often think about big problems that they may or may not be able to affect , let alone solve . and at ... yes , i have gotten to know many homeless people . i'll just say this . the quality of homeless people varies a lot . many are decent people going through hard times . many have mental illnesses or ... the aggression scale consists of 4 factors ranked from 0 to 1 , with 1 being the maximum . physical aggression : 0.64 verbal aggression : 0.60 hostility : 0.31 anger : 0.11 which is to say , i enjoy ... so you're against moral relativism . but do you believe there is a single moral truth ? or are you simply saying that judging all moral systems as equal is foolish ? also , do you think moral ... i haven't read that particular bit . but it seems to fit here . is it better to believe something false that will help you ? or believe something true that will hurt your ? for instance , your ... okay . but moving forward from that , is it always goodness to speak truth ? for instance , if a healthy peace , marriage , alliance , etc . were built on a harmless lie , should one still speak the ... i've noticed that for some people , the reasoning for their belief can be formulated as follows . 1 . believing x is evil . 2 . i do not wish to be evil . 3 . therefore , i believe x is ... browsing the internet today and saw this news about robocallers getting sued . while i was suspicious at first , it seems to be listed on multiple news sites . if you received a robocall about a ... 1 . not considering diversity a priority is not the same as disliking diversity . it may simply be a non-preference . i suspect many of the people who answered it was not important at all to have ... instead of trying to be more religious , seek out the parts of the religion that you enjoy and that would bring you fulfillment . if you like to sing , join the choir . if you like to help people , do ... i don't live in a gated community . obvious reasons someone might want to include : - safety and security - wanting to have less crowded public or private areas ( limit access to a pool or park ... they seem like silly , shallow criticisms . it's the equivalent of drawing someone with stink lines . i think people who are critical of the trumps should bring up something more substantial . ... it sounds like you envy these people . and you're retreating into fantasy as a way to feel superior to them . feeling superior about something like that only makes sense once you're ... 1 . your gf doesn't want to hear about your struggles . she wants to think of you as a strong , capable man . and the story about procrastination works counter to that perception . find some bros to ... i don't think i'm neoliberal ... but i would agree that i am nationalistic and prefer free markets . 695185 if your point is just that not all muslims hate western values , you're right . if your point is just that not all white people are good , you're right . my position , which i've stated multiple ... shatteredheart aw thanks . it's always nice to be appreciated . i think you're confused . let me give you a non-human example . say i have a car . the car has some problems . the brakes squeal , it's got some scratches on it , and the shock absorbers need some ... no . individuals who hold evil ideas are not necessarily evil . an individual is composed of a lot more than a single ideology . most people believe in multiple , unrelated things . and we still have ... i don't think all communists are evil . i just think communism is an incredibly flawed ideology that leads to evil when people try to enforce it en masse . i can see that in this very forum . ... thank you . i can think of few higher compliments than being rational , and seeing the world for what it is . moderation fallacy no . in fact , i'd argue the opposite . the detail , rather than the system , is the most important thing . by which i mean , the point of the system is to serve the individual ( the detail ) . the ... 1 . dude , this is from 2008 . we've already beaten back the conservatives in regards to video games . the anti video game agenda is coming from the left nowadays . 2 . mass effect ( the original ... 8/ 10 . it seems like a relatively easy test for anyone who studies for it . probably a difficult test for people who haven't looked at history or civics since high school . i'd also prefer if the ... i wouldn't change fields just because you don't have a passion in science . i know that doctors need to do well in science courses to finish school . but i don't think most actually practice that ... 2 idiots ruin the day of countless innocent drivers , as well as cause significant property damage . they should both be criminally charged for the incident , the driver of the car much more severely . i've occasionally had it happen during haircuts . and i had a girlfriend who knew how to trigger it ( weird finger motions i can't explain ) . most of the youtube videos i find relaxing , the same ... if you're interested in preparedness in your personal items , google the term everyday carry . there's youtube videos , articles , and entire forums dedicated to the subject . my personal edc is : ... get your own partner to do cool things with . this was last year actually . but it's definitely one of my prouder moments . there was this teenage girl outside her house , with her dog , calling for help . she said the house was on fire and ... i keep a handgun in my nightstand . glock 19 or ruger lcrx . it's legal and not that unusual where i live . on or in my bedside table : - alarm clock - cell phone - pen and notepad - water - kleenex - multivitamins - firearm - flashlight - laptop if you want to both go to college and join the military , go to college first . a college degree makes you more competitive in the military , whatever direction you end up going . and there are various ... for me , the best way to learn math is to practice it . that is , it's more akin to carpentry than history . i don't memorize math . i practice using a tool ( a particular equation or principle ) over ... i drive the incredibly practical , 2nd - generation honda fit . it's fuel efficient , comfortable , handles well , and is surprisingly good for moving . and i think it's cute . i found out later that ... let me give a brief scientific explanation about soap . most things will either stick to water ( polar molecules ) or stick to things like oil ( non-polar molecules ) . but there are also things like ... is this like a trick question ? if you like the higher paying job and no other concerns are keeping you in the lower paying job , you take the higher paying job . mcdonald's during high school . i worked about 20 hours a week to save up for college . it honestly wasn't that unpleasant . it was sort of fun to see how it works behind the counter . and i ... civilization : call to power . i basically carried out the plot of a james bond villain . being the only civilization with space and sea colonies , i started releasing huge amounts of unnecessary ... suggestions : - print out a note asking people to turn on the fan and hang it up in the bathroom . - get air freshener for the bathroom . - leave a pack of matches ( if you trust your co-workers ... i completely understand moving out when you're living with other people and need your own space . but if your family is letting you live for free in a house by yourself , i would strongly advise you ... it's not out of the question . but you don't know what else has happened in his life since . if you feel that strongly about him , let him know how the situation has changed ( that you will be going to ... i wouldn't go to uni just because you want to be intellectually stimulated . you can buy books and read up on interesting topics for far less money outside of university . go to university if : ... no , though i often suspect i am ( or am close to being ) an aspie . not sure if i would find that cool or be upset about it . i'm christian . even when i occasionally go to church , i just ignore the things that don't seem to make any sense . for instance , i once had a priest who said that super mario bros . was trying to ... i can't agree with your priorities . whether a particular belief system is cool / uncool or conformist / non-conformist should be one of the last things you are taking into account when deciding what you ... you wrote a lot about the things you like and don't like . i'd ask a different question . what are you good at ? what are you bad at ? make a list of all of your strengths and weaknesses . ... ^ ^ mostly that . though i'd say it's more to avoid student loan debt and have money in your pocket . but basically i'm talking about opportunity cost . time is a limited resource . any time you ... it's a time / benefit analysis you'll have to make on your own . how much time do you spend being a courier ? how much of an impact does 180 ( dollars ? euros ? pesos ? i don't know where you live . ) ... i don't know how much courier work pays . but you basically have 3 considerations when choosing work while in school . 1 . does it work with my class schedule and will i have enough time for ... '