' respect is 1st , & loyalty is right after when it comes to a relationship .. like someone mentioned above , it takes a lot for me to wanna settle down , but until that happens i remain flirtatious with ... hey everybody , my 21st birthday is 3 weeks away & i'm still not sure of what i want to do . my sisters & friends are throwing out the whole vegas idea , but it's so cliche ... i'm more of a chill ... hey guys ! ! ! 😄 so i've been dating my s . o . for a while now , & tonight we were on the phone & we were making plans for this weekend . last weekend we went to a comedy club saturday night & on ... well , it's funny that this is a topic ! ! ! i love to give hugs dahhling ! ! :D i'm known as the hugger in my family , and among my friends as well . i am a very affectionate & touchy feely person , so i ... thank you so much for this . this is definitely uplifting , i appreciate it . often . more often than i'd like to be . hello there ! you sound exactly like me right now ! ! i seen you mentioned you're 18 , i'm only 19 . i completely relate . i'm currently working part time at an internship being paid under minimum wage , i ... writing is definitely easier for me , when it comes to expressing myself . i often write / have written notes to friends / family , love letters to my past boyfriends , etc . it's much easier for me to ... hey guys , i sometimes go through mini stages of feeling lonely , or depressed or wanting to just be left alone , and tonight is one of those nights for me . i get these feelings from time to time , and ... dear anonymous , i'm sorry for closing you out of my life when you did nothing but show me love . i only realized this too late , and now i'm feeling sorry & shameful about it . i'm trying to find the ... i definitely have a high sex drive . seriously , i can go 2 or 3 times in one day when a relationship starts out . but when we've been together for a while , it goes to about 1-2 times a day . either way ... i love what you wrote , and trust me , i know for sure that i have time ! ! :-) right now , i'm focused on putting myself first , finishing school & being a bit more ambitious & motivated to make more money . hello all & happy new year ! :-) i have a question for enfps about pregnancy & parenthood . i feel like all excited when i hear someone i know is expecting . the whole baby shower , doctors ... hello all & happy new year ! :-) i have a question about enfps & pregnancy , as well as parenthood . every time i find out someone i know is expecting , i get so excited , and get really into the ... personally i do it by being very touchy feely & flirting a lot & being very playful . pretty straight-forward . oh ! & lots of eye-contact :) omg ! ! ! i love cupcakes ! :d i'm super clumsy ! i actually tripped over a rug yesterday :) i feel we should improve the things we can change & accept the things we can't . that way it's a win-win situation ! ;) that's so craaazy ! because i witnessed my nephew being born yesterday & every way you said you felt is the same way i felt . never again ... i keep telling everyone i know that i'm not having any of ... i'm feeling this way right now . i'm sort of acting a s a caregiver for my family & can't focus on what's really important to me ( personally ) & the things that i'm passionate about . i'm feeling ... summer & winter alike :) i'm a boots ( winter ) & sandals ( summer ) kind of gal . it's all i own seriously . it's either boots or sandals :P in the winter : i can't waaait ' til summer , i want the sun ! & ... i'm definitely there ! one of my favorite places in earth ! :D or do other people tell you so ? personally , i'll admit i can be cocky at times , but i don't do it on the regular . my sisters ( & friends alike ) tell me i am . it doesn't offend me , but i never do it ... username ? cupcakequeen age ? 18 1/2 location ? northern california relationship status ? currently taken by the most awesome guy i've ever met ! :D what do you look like ? i'm 5 ' 2 & what they ... fighting ( physically / verbally ) . liars . when someone says that they'll do something & doesn't . rudeness of any kind . people who gossip & people who are nosy . well when we did go through that moment in our relationship , we both agreed to slow down . so far we've been giving each other space & talking less often during the day ( which has helped ) . also , we ... okay guys , i'm an enfp chick who has recently found myself an awesome isfj :) we've been together for a month & a half . but within the 2nd & 3rd weeks of the relationship , he kept saying how he was ... me & my guy were talking about marriage & having a wedding yesterday & he went on & on about how he wants this huge wedding & i on the other hand want this more intimate , but medium ( if not small ) ... in the womb :) & 18 years later , we're closer than ever :) she's an infp by the way . i love them ! and it's my nickname my boyfriend gave me :) what do you guys think of this paring ? and have you guys ever experienced this ? right now , i'm with an isfj & it's honestly the best relationship i've ever had ! :) he's caring , funny ( in an ... i have an ex now that i'm friendly with & i can see myself being few da with him . we were together about 7 months ago & now i'm in a commited relationship . even when we were together , we had a ... okay you guys ... it seems like every time i date someone , they fall for me fast ! which in turn scares me away . :/ it seems to go like this - week 1 : it's all roses , so happy :) week 2 : happy to be in ... myself personally , i'm pretty much frugal . i only splurge when i have saved up for it or feel i deserve it & to have fun . :) i don't care too much about money , as it comes & goes . i make sure that ... well me personally , i tend to be a bit shy around folks i don't know too well until a conversation pops off . cause once that happens , i can talk to you like i've known you forever ! i also just ... yes ! ! it's 1 of my favorite movies ever ! :D i fell in love v jut like evey did :) being super insecure & an a * * hole hands down . toy story 1 & 3 & tennessee . i'm a sucker for summer time ! i love the heat & when the cold seasons come around , that means no beach time ... :( i'm 5 ' 2 baybay ! ! ! ;) i have tons of interests also , but i make list & try to become skilled at at least a couple of things at a time . and when i'm done with those , i move onto the other ones . dr . seuss ! ! i just met this really cool guy who is like a great person . he likes some of the things i do , we like to do some of the same things , we communicate really well . but the only thing is : i don't find ... tyra banks is a enfp i made 18 in august , but i still feel like i'm 12 . just a more mature 12 year old me . the quote of my life ! i have a few people i can actually call a best friend of mine . i can count it on one hand though . it's a blessing when you find true friendship in this lifetime . :) i'm very emotional / moody . my sister told me the other day i act like a sour patch :P that explains it . '