' oneiricentropy , i agree with your position on relativism but wow ! it took waaay to many words for you to get to point # 3 ( punch line ) . good stuff though parents stayed married but dad was never home ( i'll have a hard time calling him every fathers day ) i flunked the 4th grade due to my inability to sit still & nobody could get me to do ... if everything is subjective = relativisim , than can anything be absolutely objective ? and if you answer yes to this then is it even possible that relativism truly exist outside of the human mind ? soft piano ( beethoven ) sometimes the steel drums from west indian islands ( trinidad , barbados , st . vincent etc . ) i've never been accused of being a seral killer . i get the super villian mantra . i think that i've cloaked my intj ' ness when i was younger . in college it became too much of a strain to keep up ... justice = i pity the fool ! my wife tells me that i do ... but it's not on purpose ( at least most of the time not on purpose ) in fact i try extra hard not to come off as intimidating even if i have master a particular subject all , blowing it up was just tounge-in-cheek talk ( you intj are sooo serioius j / k ) however i do believe that if greed were to be removed from the equation , we could solve this issue a lot ... my wife is an isfj and usually the status quo she pledges to has been pre-designed by her . ( i'm a status quo buster - - intj ) ; -> in my experience , i may ruffle the feathers a bit to get ... only close friends and family understand this ( intj nature ) of going long periods of time without communicating and then picking up where you left off when you see them . otherwise , most people ... ( correctimundo ! ) personally , i think we should blow it up & move on . it's been said over & over but i would have to stick with having to repeat myself ( dumb down my speech ) to explain too many times . the other would be being accused of purposely using big words in ... i too have concerns and can ’ t help but think of the ripple effect these clowns have caused ( we ’ ll find out in 6-9 months ) . however because of my introverted nature i can ’ t see myself as an activist ... i do have lucid dreams on occasion ; however , i am not easily hypnotized . i think primarily for the reason that my brain is subconsciously working out the answer to problems & creating hypothesis even ... where to find an intj : online book stores video game store by themselves in a movie theater walking ( while looking at their own shoes ) & happy about it dazing off in space ( probably putting ... wow ! i ’ m impressed with the amount of 2 % intj ’ s from generation y . i ’ m a ripe ‘ 33 ’ keep living intj ’ s & at your ages in 10 years the world could be yours ( baby boomers wrecked ... what the hell does this mean ! ! [ quote = chanceyrose ; 483489 ] i am not an intellectual elitist . i have an african-american acquaintance who grew up in a poor urban neighborhood . he is in his ... allow me to rephrase , falling down is a film of how an istj transforms into an intj in only 24 hours ! this is what happens when istj's finally realize that they are the only one's playing ... my list : 1 . capital $ $ = ( the reason why super villans are always robbing banks ) 2 . microphone / public speaking skills = ( more dangerous then most people think ) 3 . henchmen = ... intj's can be very lethal and a threat to society ; what are the must haves in order to take over the world ? although mike douglas in this movie had no regard for rules , his mbti could also be a derranged istj . great film ( i own it . ) now you're going to die wearing that stupid hat ... priceless ! with utilities , bills , now even clothing i ’ m as cheap as they come ( read the millionaire next door ) . with cash , my wife is isfj so she spends what i don ’ t hide . what i am able to hide i am ... double thanks monkey fritz , well said , and thus you have unlocked the true essence of this thread . my apologies if i ( unconsciously ) skipped steps and assuming that most of us would arrive at ... i would use the word power vs . magical i tried magic tricks in my early 20s but found out that it took too many hours to master . ( i'll stick with power ! ) intj's are ... 1 . ) geniuses – taken many iq test they say that i am but don ’ t consider myself one ( real genius is being able to execute what's between the ears--not just think it or take a test ) ... my dad is an istj & served in the army ( law school grad ) and he likes : order no surprises things done right ( the 1st time ) war movies tom clancy bed made with hospital corners being the ... excuse me for inquiring , but would you say that your desire for security could come from a desire to control ? just a question you should go into law and then politics ... and then an intj will rule the world ! ( my dad graduated looong ago from law school & he is an istj ) intj natural fit = architect ( research : ... bionic , if there were more intj's would there be more mutiny or tyranny ? ? ? say the percentage of intj's goes from 2 % up to 20 % ( what would the world look like ... if we would still have ... your right . he probably changed his mind about us already ! ha ha ha ! wish there were more intj growing up as well 2 % sucks . my best friend is an entj ( we got into a lot of trouble together ) there have been times when i did poorly in a class for no other ... my question to all would be if intj's are perceived as always serious when we are normal , how do others perceive us when we are actually trying to be serious ? is that when we get the huh ? ... time machine , ahh ... that's a good book ! right up there wiht ray bradbury's farenheit 451 i just finished good to great by jim collins and am looking for something thought provoking . i thought touchy feely types would start a blog in a different forum . ( may want tio take the test again ) atheism ! ! ( i am god ) mm hah hah ha ... libertarian ! ! ( time for tea in boston ) man in the box , what do you mean by ( things ) that we learn ? i suggests ( as before ) that intj ’ s have a natural propensity to think about thinking . whereas most , overtime , have areas of ... will everybody settle down ... the intent was on the intj frustrations not on superiority . ( even though we are superior j / k ) yes ! indeed , anti-helena when we take over the world you will be well compensated for your unparalleled allegiance to our noble clan . i admire the infj's patience for the passionless and rebellion against mediocricy and status quos well said goodewitch profound ... ( respectfully ) there is a difference between ‘ smart ’ and ‘ intelligent . ’ i regard that most are educated ( smart ) in particular fields and subjects ; but for some reason or another intj ’ s have a ... the more mature entj's are actually really good friends ( best friend is an entj ) he will be my brother for life . the more imature entj's are straight out jerks ! who think that the world cares what ... do you ever feel like you have to wait for othes to catch up ? i too am married to an isfj ( i'm an intj ) . frangrence , she will be loyal to the other guy until it is clear from all sides that it is over . however ... if you are sure that you want this one ( and ... i'm an intj and my wife is isfj . ( in short ) ... we work at it . you have to have mutual respect for his personal space . he needs to understand that your'e probably the best catch he can get his ... stopped drinking in college when i found out that it killed brain cells . i'd rather have the advantage of mental clarity then drink a beer anyday ! affection ? ? ? '