' what about the lesbians ? this thread . . . . .  . ___ . okay . sorry for not checking in for awhile . is anyone still interested in this ? i love that idea , that is perfect for a meeting place ! magicalsteve , dragonflyblue , fine site and everyone else in this - - i appreciate your support for this project i wish to get up off the ground . if you're serious about , because i more or less am ... huh ? i live in nyc . lol . i'm not unfamiliar with it . thats why i speak about harlem in such a manner . sure that is true all around the boroughs , sure it has calmed down , but the issue is still pretty prevalent , especially with it being summer and everyone is being moronic ... i'm trying to say that ... well thats not the experience i've had , coming from someone who's wandered around the city [ especially downtown ] and lives there , in harlem . i see more issues [ real issues ] in harlem , sure theres ... new york ? well i can tell you a few things ... 1 ) do not go to harlem area . 2 ) do not go to harlem area . 3 ) stick to manhattan , downtown manhattan - it's basically disneyland on lsd and a ... well , us infps are naturally reclusive [ not in a bad way ! ] . we don't [ usually ] make it a point to be friends with people . well , at least with me ... i'm not overly worried about friends , but you know , ... just mounting frustrating with stuff ... dont worry about it , let this thread die . thanks guys , i feel a bit better ... but life is fucking shitty . lol oh my god , how i would ... you know , i won't even state what i'd do if i had basketballs thrown at me for being a smartass . it's not your fault you won't stoop to the level of retarded inferior ... i guess you are correct , and i'm flipping everything around now . even if it means i might become an absolute control freak , i am just forcing my own influence and control on everything , cause ... i ... i like , want to purge my life of negativity ... i really do , i want to just start ... making stuff right , but everything goes wrong , and i'm fucking sick of it . why is nothing working out ? not good influence . haha . nothing is working . i think life is trying to kill me . i can't decide whether living is good or bad right now . happah ! ~ ~ ~ pshew pshew everybody gonna die ! pshew pshew everybody gonna die ! - ben and it all doesnt make sense ! crush 40 lyrics ! im here , to prove it all to you you know , every world will have its end okay touk , my computer sucks but i'm gonna give it a try i think i self-sabotage alot of potential friendships and more because of my extreme distrust and cynicity towards people . i hope it doesn't require an overly powerful computer . i'd like to create a music game , like this , but for the playstation 3 anyone here aspiring to be something of a director of a game developing company or something around there ? perhaps we could collaborate and make something ? i mean , look at zun [ touhou game ... i thought infp's were more of the play now , work later type . self discipline is one of my weak points , i want to strengthen my discipline but not enough to turn me into a robot . nevermind people ... just nevermind . : frustrating : you made a new account , acey ? sudden change in thoughts at the moment when i'm writing this ... i just saw fight club , so my freedom engine has been filled with diesel . - yeah , there's a girl i'm really into in school , but i'm ... i think you're a fuckin ' prick , and you need to get a grip . stop being such a moron , and remove that absolutely ridiculous uniform code . also , i'm about to punch you in the face . i really can't think up a single moment where this wasn't the case ... not right now anyway . in any case , please do not call me drone , that's not who i am here . so far things have been decent , being a drone and all . just shutting down , and ... just focus on the task at hand , the world doesn't matter . that's the mindset i force myself into . i'm invisible ... you have every right to hate school - because forced education sucks i really enjoy all of the support everyone is giving me , thank you all so much . ^ . ^ i guess the only thing i can do at this particular moment in time is ... beat it all . i'm not going down here ... i can't love my life because of this unhappiness . no , i did not take my happy injection , because that particular injection makes me feel worse . perhaps the authoritative system operator must place me into rehabilitation . it's not job , it's school . so yipee . no freedom ... no nothing ... nothing else but ... compliance , coercion . no , not physically [ i hope . ] . i just am giving up guys . giving up on everything . it's a futile effort . you just work work work then die . i am dead . just dead . i wish i could just disappear , ... psobb ultima was real fun ... met a friend ! hey guys , it's meee . i was wondering if any of you were into online games [ mmorpg ] ' s and the like . i found a private server of a cult classic mmo that officially died over 5 years ago . but the ... i don't like people who are very judgemental based on appearance , but the truth is we all are judgemental to an extent , we're all more or less hypocrites there . but to add on , the fact of the matter ... is something wrong with me ? apparently , according to the world ... this is what i should be doing . 1 ) constantly helping around my home 2 ) studying to be oh so successful in school 3 ) a bunch ... i'm not really sure what my concept of love is ... but i do know , real love no matter the type is unconditional . if it's not unconditional , it's not love . type one : friendship / platonics ... ignorant , shallow minds ? you're talkin about more or less 90 % of the people i'm around every day all day . they're inferior . i like tons of different games , am definitely a fantasy / rpg person . right about now i'm feeling very ... negative / dark / irate and all that , it's been like this for awhile . i gotta make this environment i'm in better for me . '