' once upon a fine dusk , where i awoke in violet dust . away from my warm cottage bedside , away from wax candles and such through teal flowers with glowing emerald petals , through a forest of silver ... rats are you suppressing any pain from your past ?  i put on the normal teenager look very well it's an extremely vague look at my humor haha , at the time my uncle ( the estj one ) was being a narcissistic douche ... i ended up imitating a stereotypical estj as a release of my frustration towards ... i think i just mad a mini premonition about this thread haha , i was listeneing to a song and i thought of finding a thread like this and posting it , this is it :) ... older brother = inxp older brother = isfp oldest brother = xntj little sister = infp older sister = enfp reflective , alone , happy .. ahahahahahahahaahaaah , bored : o i have a terrible habit of doing this to my friends whilst we're talking about our feelings , perceptions , past experiences etc . when this upset my friend i became very silent for a while , have you ... you know you're an infj if you post in this thread an infj like response . succinct i'm only 15 but i want a masters degree in psychology , anthropology and sociology .  pantheist . its a private joke and a mild hint on my ironic humour , i should really change it that's the third time i've been called out on it haha emotionally selfish teenager tumblr emo's who havent been through s * * t piss me off sometimes i wish i was an esfp , people like that have made more souls smile than i ever will .. oh well . society is becoming more liberal and empathetic from what i can see , which can be bad because ... i wonder what happens when an ant dies ... i hate debating too , usually i have so much to say in debates but for some reason i still despise them to a certain degree , it's usually the best talkers that win debates rather than the person ... laughing , thats what i'm listening to the lyrics describe our type perfectly ... over embellish myself in stimulus such as coca cola , also i sleep . i hate it when people try to be artistic on tumblr but they end up just copying shit to look deep and complex . if my existence has brought a smile to a loved one if my existence has brought a tear to a loved one if my existence has brought a laugh to a loved one if my existence has brought a blush to a ... it's a very private joke and a little sign of my ironic humor , also i have had similar experiences . people at my school often say i'm too philosophical and sensitive to play sport , get in with other ... yep :D i would post this in an infp venting thread lol , also i'm very much aware of how it can damage me .. , i've seen the spirit molecule before . that's where i developed my interest in psychonautics :P . but if i'm not destined to be then that's that ... i could've worded that better haha , but my dad has schizophrenia and in my opinion , this could very well treat it as the traumatic triggers that cause such illnesses can be looked at through a ... the best way i can describe timewave zero is comparing the speed up of dark energy with the speed up of historical experiences , they're both like momentum increasing until we reach a singularity . ... this is a bit of a personal question , but have you ever dwelled into psychonautics ? also , have you ever heard of timewave zero ? care to elaborate you might ask ? well f * * k you . haha jokes :P our self discoveries make us each a microcosm of the larger pattern of history . the inertia of introspection leads toward ... thepermiepagan have you ever heard of timewave zero :) ? for me time is pure experience . we are all tear drops in an ocean . it's sad how mainstream society doesn't really have the same perspective hi i'm mitt romney and my farts smell of exotic leather yes , i'm very weird anything for an infp :D you guys are my one weakness :P you need to do prove your trust with paperwork first , get to it ! xd do you feel at odds with what society expects of your gender ? yes , ever since i was a kid i always thought guys who didnt know how to connect with other girls were stupid , i've always being ... yes , it was for a full year before i got annoyed enough to bash him up . i want to be an ayahuasca shaman when i'm older ... i'm only 15 . most people never understand me and it makes me so angry i might actually tell the person it offended me xd i forgot to put a seatbelt on thats right , i'm so reckless . haha it's a bit of an extremely private joke :) , my uncle is a narcissistic estj bully . i have this police character in my head who doesn't deviate from authority and will injure people over trivial ... im very close in terms of being an infp , i always score that except on the cognitive tests , at the moment im literally about 51 percent right and 49 percent left , in my opinion its all subjective ... melbourne , australia . ( southern hemisphere ) ( state of victoria ) ( near the mountains <3 ) liquor merticously shattering purple is mere tranquil tis ' quil is solemn thrill of mercurial cellar serenity twirling efflorescing zafree roses gracing whirling evanescence night mist endearing ... '