i use a scrub and moisturize my face and occasionally my arms when they're looking particularly ashy but otherwise it's meh . i have tried caring about clothes but it just feels like a chore and i ... are you related to charlemagne ? i have cogitated on your question deeply and now return from my ergonomically perilous journey to the subatomic sublime with ... the answer . power is the richness of consciousness , and of us . ... i suppose suggesting that a ten year old take this is a bit much ( how do i child ? ) but it's where i learned about scratch and i have a hard time imagining a better place to putter around in . today's enlightenment : you and i are pilgrims of the grid . passion is the driver of purpose . energy is a constant . we must bless ourselves and enlighten others . to traverse the circuit ... ' guess that's why they call it windowpane ' is the most unintentionally ( ? ) hilarious lyric i have heard in me entire life and it makes me giggle every ... am i endorsing segregation by posting in this thread ? my brand . for today : we live , we self-actualize , we are reborn . passion is a constant . we exist as supercharged electrons . only an entity of the universe may harmonize this explosion of truth . ... hello teenage angst my old friend . in spam world you gave an infraction jokingly , while i understand it's spam world and everyone needs a break from time to time there's a certain level of professionalism we expect from our ... did you know if you sleep on your left side your organs shift and crush your heart ? did you know you need to check around the corners of mirrors to see the eyes watching you ? did you know you ... 6-7 . doesn't matter how much sleep i get i'm always tired though . i should probably get my thyroid checked . or , rather , i should get my thyroid rechecked , take the pills as indicated and then not ... youre not shahada and also uncongested ! also , antihistamines make for great sleeping pills ! or any kind of medical check up really . am i unknowingly riddled with cancer as i sit here ? should i have an old man fondle my balls immediately ? too self-aware to worship . i liek my gods like i like my preisdents vague senile and prone to contradiction cuz cognitive dissonacne gets me off omfg shahada was caitlyn jenner . white people dont exist hillary clinton will swallow the sun and then slowly make out with bill and they'll pass it between their mouths swapping the sun and old person saliva but bill is a premature ejaculator so then ... currently i'm going with : there are some ' fundamental ' ( ie present at birth ) differences based off sex but we shape them way beyond that scope through the gendered activities we make available to ... literally , i'm a dupe je suis shahada . awww come on she was the only other person who contributed to my infinite jest quote repository none of you arre worthy f f ff ff f ff f f yes now stfu and spank me . money is efficient gratitude . if you're using money to make more money with the conscious goal to use that for good it's not selfish to begin with . mind you , this argument means you get to delay the actual beneficence ... why can't i respect my own time , needs and preferences the way i respect other peoples time , needs and preferences ? they're the same place sooo ... my current favorite theory :  ~ sigh ~ mother always said my fascination with the soft curves of the tilde and the way they somehow imply a thoughtful wistfulness would be my greatest barrier in love but i never listened . ~ confident cuz it's sexy . justified though cuz nothing kills my boner faster than posturing . except sounding . ~ insightful so they can tell when my brain is being an ouroboros ~ smart , curious , ...  my entj said he likes me ... - but he didn't really sound like he meant it , how can i be sure ? - but he also said he likes my dog should i be concerned - but my love language is receiving gifts , ... mind blowing , egregious i'm-a-wet-rag-that's-been-run-over-repeatedly-by-a-semi sex . restraints encouraged but not required . you belong to me my snow white queen there's nowhere to run so let's just get it over soon i know you'll see you're just like me don't scream anymore my love cuz all i want is you she has become ... wake me up inside before i come undone sabve me from the nothing i've becoome how can you see into my heart like an open door this is the first time i've showed up on a list like this and i just wanted to take the opportunity to thank my family and also my brain without whose auto-cannibalistic nature i would not be here ... you know who what are you . i dunno her type but i feel like laura moon from american gods ( the series not the book ) gets me .