' got a poll going on in this thread > entp and enfp females : what was your school years and growing up like for you ? - view poll results ahhh shiizzz i'm either a benevolent entp or a cynical lazy enfp . the researching goes on ... meh , no hurry on part . this where the gray area for me comes in . define moral ? or do you mean self-righteous about their values and dictation of good and bad ? doesn't most people have a moral compass ( to some degree ) ? even ... so , would you deduct that entps strive for groups , whereas enfps strive for individuals socially ? i hate cliques . another thread i have ongoing , some of you may be interesting in contributing to . lol what kind of behavior ? : laughing : i have a question directed for both entp and enfp females ; how would you describe your childhood ? what is your general relationship with other women ? what was school like ? enjoy it ? hate it ? ... do entps or enfps clash intjs irl ? i think i met an intj woman once . she hated cluttered creative process and thought some of my ideas were controversial or whatevs . i just thought it was funny and ... lol why has this turned into a discussion about infps and infjs ? sheesh ... i found out in another thread , that it's possible and even not unusual for an entp to be a type 9 enneagram . therefore , i'm very curious to hear input from this type . how would you describe a type ... i do see where you are coming from , i have noticed this to be case among many ( not all ) . especially , in the political arena when debating or when trying to get a point across it's misread as ... i can sometimes find humour from inappropriate moments . i've been called cold by family members . often if i am too quiet because i'm down people ask what's wrong you're awfully silent ? ' , which ... which are the better impersonators ? and entertainers ? on average . hey ! so you are the reason why i couldn't take that screen name ? damn ! : laughing : hah ! it's like you read my mind . i have also noticed that in regards to both fi-doms and infjs . it's what makes me part intrigued and suspicious of infjs at the same time . personally , i don't find fi-doms mysterious for a number of reasons . although , i believe many are under the delusion they are more complex than they really are , compared to normal people . it's ... the idea of throwing other people under the bus , is something that i have never been able to do or appealed to me . it just doesn't come natural . i guess it's passive instinct . especially , women . i ... airy-fairy ? do you mean that manic pixie dream girl stereotype ? :d ry : hypothetically speaking ... so , would entps have more of a tendency to show off ? or strive to be the center of attention compared to an enfp ? o . o intuitive logical extravert ile ( entp , ne-ti ): innovator ile has a somewhat scattered , roaming , thoughtful gaze . at times he becomes acutely attentive , openly studying the person before him , the ... fair point . i agree . join the club . : laughing : so would say ti can be seen as being more confrontational ? this probs related to being an enfp also , but i have a tendency to ask alot of questions . have a instinctive curiosity about how things . off topic , i reckon in need to tap into that te . yah i reckon i'm an enfp too . i'm still learning about socionics . what are reinin dichotomies ? as for my enneagram . i've yet to decide . originally i believed 5w4 was the one i found the most ... which one is is the more introverted extroverts ? enfps ? yes , but i've heard enfps according to socionics both fe and fi . fe is used in order to relate with fe-users . an interesting reference to socionics , i heard enfps use fe ( not as a preference ) , could this be another reason for the confusion or part doubts ? i still want this thread to continue . however , yeah i think i'm an enfp fo sho . greyheart i can relate i get that am i an entp ? thought often . but yeah ne-fi it is , i guess :D that sounds so cool ! : cool : i get the meaning behind this analogy . however , it did just remind of how forgetful i am with keys / remotes and loosing stuff . when i was younger i invented a device ( never made it ) that would ... yes that's true . but to be honest , she was acting so sanctimoniously i just wanted to piss her off and dismount her from her high horse . phewww ! no offense to entps . i think they are awesome . i have more control on my filter then they do . however , i tend to clash with some fi-doms especially the special snowflakes and the ... what is an intj then ? the human emotional equivalent of a statue ? : wink : lol jk yes i've heard this aswell , many people get typed as intj when they are actually fi-doms or ti-doms . not many ... you've more or less nailed it ! bingo . 1 . i care more for learning and understanding the world around me . i guess what i focus most about my identity is growth in character . i like debating , but people either get easily offended or they ... ah no problem :) i'm trying to work this out myself . i kinda stuck between both . so it's interesting hearing different perspectives on this . ah no problem :) i'm trying to work this out myself . i kinda stuck between both . so it's interesting hearing different perspectives on this . thank you again ! :) your explanation is very helpful ! oh yes , i'm part familiar with socionics . like me ? so if you had to guess would say i'm fi / te or ti / fe ? ;) that's an interesting analysis . thank you ! :) i keep hearing the term inner values in description of fi , this sounds to vague . i mean theoretically don't we all have morals / values ? can someone ... that's an interesting analysis . thank you ! :) i keep hearing the term inner values in description of fi , this sounds to vague . i mean theoretically don't we all have morals / values ? can someone ... this isn't in reference to this forum , ( heck i'm hardly here lol ) but i'm basing this on my own observations , therefore i was being general , what i am looking for is to delve into the observations ... ta-da ! :D 270826 tada ! :D 270826 tsk tsk tsk how intp to respond to a question with another question ... lol it's a good point , mistyping is something that is prevalent imo among many types . i won't deny that , however , it's a ... is it just me or does anyone else occasionally notice a intp that comes across more likely being a istp than an intp . especially , for females , not to sound sexist against my own sex ( before some ... your definition of an enfp sounds exactly like an infp . especially , in relation to striving to be individualistic . that's a very obvious point . naturally , a type that has feeling over thinking as a higher preference in their cognitive stack is going to be more emotionally sensitive than a type that has it as a ...  '