' if i always end the conversation with take care . lost my best friend / lover in november . he was killed by a drunk driver , as was a mother , father , two young children and an unborn baby , that night . i've been actively dealing with the grief , ... droid . calls , texts , emails , sets alarms , takes pictures / videos , internet , and plays music . nearly certain my roommate's an intj and it's intense . the fact that we're alike in so many ways and understand each other is overwhelmingly awesome . too bad she leaves tomorrow . currently reading born to run . i feel like i chose the wrong path in my life and it's irritating me . today one of my commanders was in the squadron building , and people were sleeping on couches instead of what they were ... achieving satisfaction in some want . my wants tend to reflect learning more knowledge and pushing my limits . the only way i can study from my notes , is if they're in bullet outline format . like how red's first picture is like . when i know that i need to study something , then i'll highlight it , or if there's ... i don't get the same euphoric feeling from running when i have to run rather than when i decide to run . what are signs that you enfj's ( specifically males ) would show when you like someone ? i recently went on a date with one , and the following night our relationship status was brought up briefly ( a ... do most enfj's go through a variety of emotions throughout the day ? and easily insulted ? anger is a semi rare phenomenon for me . last time i was truly angry was age 14 , and before that i would experience the emotion every few years . basically , massive explosions that build up over time ... best two friends from high school were xnfj and enfx . i rarely dress up out of tshirt and jeans or hoodie / fleece . if i feel the occasion requires more than casual , then i will , but otherwise i tend not to be bothered . i see no reason to do anything with ... i came to a conclusion at an early age ( 6 or 7 ) that i'm living , everything living dies and i accepted my death . i feel that death is inevitable and there's nothing i can do to change it , besides ... my mom is istj , dad unknown . pa . no video of it , however there are other videos , i think in tunkhannock , pa , with houses crashing into the bridges . ... i have no interest in chess , nor have i ever played it ... scrabble i love . xd standing on a bridge while a house is floating down the river about to crash into the bridge is a smart idea . national guard rescuing these smart people is a waste . i can't quite hold the book steady enough to effectively read while walking . but i've noticed that i always look at the ground when i'm thinking and walking . if i am looking up and thinking , i've ... gah , it irritates me so much if i'm reading more than two books at once > . < . i feel guilty that i should be reading the others while i'm reading the other one ... currently reading the sirens of ... i've felt like this for about 8 years now > ; . i was bullied in elementary school for having red hair mostly . three boys ( big tough boys teasing a girl > . > ) bullied me , but it didn't bother me much though because i knew they weren't worth my ... i classify certain vehicles to their drivers ' personalities . jeep grand cherokees scream high self-esteem and aggressiveness to me , while wranglers i see more of independence . any of the modern cars ... 1 . what is sex / what does sex mean to you ? ( i . e . does it have any special meaning besides procreation ? ) i want sex to have an emotional feeling attached to it to help me be comfortable and hopefully ... brandon boyd / incubus i use lol as a smile . inside my head i smile without making any facial expressions . once in a while the lol will be in response to something funny . i do use emoticons , mostly (: , :( , ; ; ;( alien ... breakfast of champions and then bluebeard by kurt vonnegut . uh , i had the flu at the time , and in 6th grade math class , sneezed and out came a fart . later that day i vomited all over the science teacher . people who will not take responsibility for their own lives and find ways to blame others when they are the ones who put themselves in the situation in the first place . whenever i sleep too long or not deep enough , ill have mundane dreams such as in school or in a coffee shop . i have lucid dreams about 25 % of my dreams . usually i'll be aware that i'm dreaming , ... consider reading developing the leader within you written by john maxwell . developing the leader within you focuses on developing oneself to be a successful leader . beginning of each chapter ... i went to kfc yesterday , about 5-6 workers there . two meals were placed ahead of mine when i initially arrived , placed mine , waited 22 minutes for my food . in those 22 minutes , kfc managed to serve 9 ... do you wear a lot of makeup ? no , i don't wear any . do you spend a lot of time on your hair in the morning ? nope , usually just put it in a bun , unless i feel obligated to do something with it ... i voted silver because that's what i'm feeling is right at the moment . my color senses change , sometimes i feel shades of orange is right , other times it's shades of blue , green , purple , etc ... i'm never content with my work but that's based on knowing that there are flaws in everything . i do put a lot of effort in order to achieve my own satisfaction . i am competitive , but it's with myself ... currently experiencing it right now . been for the past few weeks since i met this enfp . i may have scared him off , but i've been obsessing over hope that whenever my phone vibrates , that it's him ... i still am a teenager . my early teen years i struggled with being an individual . i felt out of place because i knew i wasn't like my peers , i felt the obligation to follow social norms , but i ... anything by incubus , lyrically and musically . and brandon boyd and ben kenney solo's . dear girls above me and the onion . when i met my first enfp , i thought he was wayyy too hyper at first . but it definitely grew on me and i now have an appreciation for his enthusiasm and passion in the world . i do static stretches everyday such as hamstrings , feet , calves and quads . i run a few times a week , with dynamic and static stretching beforehand . experts suggest static stretching is no good before ... i've thought about getting a tattoo but i don't have anything that needs to be expressed on my body . if i sat down and thought an idea , then i'd be forcing the idea through . it would never be ... i never had an imaginary friend nor wanted to create one . but i do have conversations with myself and others inside my head . with those conversations is emotional and physical reactions of what could ... beware of the man who works hard to learn something , learns it , and finds himself no wiser than before , bokonon tells us . he is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without ... knife , water filter and a nook with every book . slaughterhouse-five , timequake by kurt vonnegut and the lucifer effect by philip zimbardo . i also want to read soon born to run by christopher mcdougall and a book on charisma . 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 13 catch 22 - joseph heller 16 the hobbit - jrr tolkien 18 catcher in the rye - jd salinger 25 the hitch hikerx 92s guide to ... four years ago i met this guy online and i did not like him at first because he seemed like a crazy , emotional screw up . eventually i got around to actually talking to him and i found out he's a ... 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 6 the bible 7 wuthering heights - emily bronte 8 nineteen eighty four - george ... '