' was my description off in your opinion ? as for how i ingested it , it was smoked off of foil , and also smoked via hot knives , kinda like knife hits with green , only requiring much less pressure as ... my potentially-unpopular opinions are all over pc , though there are some people who's opinions are usually popular enough to need a dedicate thread . : tongue : it's awesome to see so many people interested in speaking different languages ! english is my only fluent language , but i also speak some japanese ( and read katakana , hiragana and some kanji ) , tagalog ... one thing that really gets under my skin ( in case anger is not 100 % ) is when another person's incompetence or infraction blows up in their face and somehow inconveniences me . ha , yes if someone ... i noticed that i can drive places i've been a thousand times on an autopilot that is more autopilot ... woah , i speak near-fluent hughwatemate ! you're m7 + 1 is clever , mate : happy : intj's are allowed to sit and eat with people ; it doesn't take away from their intj status . is it hard to believe that an intj would be able to enjoy a conversation with people that have something ... i'm an intj ( as i think it says , ha ha ) and my drug choices have different reasons : ... me too , because this foolio that wrongs me when i didn't do anything to them wasn't feeling for my well-being , so why should i have mercy for them ? the problem i notice is the whole concept of things ... when i am upset , my reaction is usually to think no matter what it takes , no matter how long i need , no matter who they know , no matter what they're thinking , no matter if they care or not , no ... thinking a certain way is habitual , so maybe you learned a new and better way to see life and think of things , though every now and then your old habits of thinking differently than you do now end up ... thinking is great , though maybe since some people have trouble keeping up with your brain , maybe you could abridge your explanations for them so they can understand more easily ; i'll bet they just ... sometimes i feel like this describes me very accurately , though it ain't very intj . i think that many think that using too much fi would compromise their intj-ness that they identify with so much . it's as if there is an almost elitist sense of i'm more intj than you which seems ... the part of the interview where kim jong un cries and craps himself while dave skylark sang firework by katy perry . sticking feathers up your butt doesn't make you a chicken . - - tyler durden is anyone going to mention adderall or methamphetamine ? years back , parties lasted for days on end , though i wouldn't recommend it to anyone who is afraid to see shadow people moving on their own , ... to the casual observer , the two might appear the same or similar . in reality , they obviously share some similarities in style and punk music affiliation ( or post-punk or whatever you want to call ... i would say the entp and intj army would win , though i admit to being biased as two amazing generals fit these : entp : alexander the freakin ' great can spank about any other general in courage , ... that metaphor was awesome , but as an ancient ( and not-so-ancient ) history enthusiast , maybe i'm a bit biased . the vikings were fascinating as they weren't really an army , but groups of raiding ... yes , it's kinda funny from an objective perspective , though i identify with this . it's like , do you have any idea how much i already have on my plate ? where they'll say , well , are you doing it ... stagnation of progress or realization of my own laziness both run the risk of irritating me . hmm , yeah it seems the ti-types love the knowledge over the completion of a process ( ever-so-generally ) whereas the te-users are taking the information they need to get the job done , though it should ... the yes's and no's were conditional and required explanation . if i say things like it depends or if this / that then we're talking about different scenarios where not everything is a given . but ... well , i am more interested in comparing my potential in one situation with my own potential in a like situation minus one or two restrictions . my ability to describe and analyze without having a ... i think we might be using the word ' good ' in a different way , as the requirements are different with different types of assignments . of course if the assignment is to come up with a 10 - word slogan , ... well , i agree completely if it's possible to do get an ' a ' without doing a good job , though i figured that a person would only get the ' a ' if they had satisfied all the requirements , thus doing a ... heh , my fault you did say minimum page limits and i answered maximum . that's a good point , that there is a lot to be respected in short-yet-apt analyses , even though i find my ability to write ... well it depends on the situation , as i'd described previously . there is a certain satisfaction that comes with knocking it out of the park , and it's good practice for life in general so long as it ... this is a very interesting observation because i have noticed both this same thing in certain situations and the complete opposite in others . if i have all the time in the world and i wish to blow ... is there not enough room to maneuver within the rules given ? i suppose there might not be given the fact that you cite them as a reason for feeling unnecessarily limited , ha ha , though anytime i ... brilliant reply , jeb ! your initial response stating that you didn't want to jump into an endless swirl of generalization makes sense , though you also hold your own when the specifics are presented ... heh heh , yeah this is definitely true ! i was once at the gym with a co-worker of mine , and he'd ask me , okay , what are we doing next ? ha , i shrugged and told him i'm not his boss--actually , i am ... i think it has already been said best , but whether the change is good depends on what kind of change , and it can mean a lot of different things . for me , i generally like things to stay the same , or ... i was born wanting independence ( well , maybe not as an infant ) , so really my drive toward leadership is a method of keeping others from telling me what to do . note that i don't want to boss anyone ... kendo is probably the best martial art . basically , you're covered in armor and armed with a bat ; this can kick the crap out of kung fu ! i have experience with karate and judo , both japanese which is pretty cool when you consider i'd lived in japan as a navy brat for three years , so the culture , language and customs makes sense to me ... my view with money and if it is good or bad is perhaps a bit detached : money just is . basically , it allows for a more measurable economy , though provides a much more efficient provocation to the ... well ... one time i was scolded for not showing enough enthusiasm for going to a family reunion when i was a kid , but in my defense there were almost a hundred people i'd never met before , so when my ... i suppose that in a lot of cases we are not even close to being as apathetic as we consider ourselves , though as we have this realization , perhaps the gap between the two closes a bit . you made good ... intj isn't a description set in stone , but just a general description ( albeit a good one ) that may more may not include many of the characteristics what a person has . for example , the forum is ... ha , same here , intrapersonal intelligence . the eight types listed on : multiple intelligence types include other types that are familiar , like musical intelligence , but i realize that questions ... what constitutes simplicity ? yes , there is often a sort of buying it at the mall price theme , but it's still possible to buy things at decent rates if you know where to shop . 110 yen for a 12oz soda ( or however many ml ) is a ... i work with an s-type and noticed that he likes thing spelled out clearly and explained to him thoroughly . one time he was talking about a book he was reading , and he complained that things were left ... one ? ( won is past tense of win though i don't know if that is connected . ) i was thinking one-ness often refers to within-ness so perhaps that is the answer ? nifty question ! i really think i would dig becoming an army officer and work my way up to general . after this , i'd use my nt-ness to out-maneuver all the st's in war , convince them they could never beat me and then ... hi ninjahitsawall ( bad-ass screen name ! ) , i identify with the picking your battles approach and don't like jumping into arguments unless it can be at least somewhat civil . hmm , to handle an ... spot on ! i think that a lot of the borderline x's are often indicative of a healthy balance of differing information-handling preferences in that they can use both ( you might be an ambivert ) , and ... ( note : instructions are included , but subject to change . ) okay , this just popped up in my head while reading the post , so basically we take the hi-lo card counting system that is normally used in ... '