' sometimes i find myself wondering what empathy and compassion really is ; what it is and what it means , and also perhaps how it relates to peoples ' sense of justice . never moreso than when i see a ... hahahah , that's awesome , thanks for that , you put a smile on my face on a fairly strange evening . didn't even know that was a thing . and the lyrics are some true shit ! i still never bothered to ... i've lost count of the number of rpgs i've played by now , they are my bread and butter . my favourites would probably have to be anything done by tetsuya takahashi ( the xeno titles ) , shadow hearts ... needless antagonism . bigotry . irrational ideologues . manipulators and the dishonest , sociopathic or otherwise . lack of self-awareness . finding joy in the suffering of others . the limited degree to ... dear new colleague , i'm very grateful for your presence on the team here . despite your occasional tendency to go off on tangents , and sometimes needing to just slow the hell down and take a more ... okay , so i'm back home and i finally managed to upload a couple of videos . took me a while because i don't have an nvenc-capable gpu ( it's only a gtx 580 as i built it a little more than 4 years ... i'll just copy what i said in the trends forum : i can't believe it exploded in popularity so quickly . i even had german colleagues talk to me about it today ! it seems like it has a lot of ... i know exactly what this quiz is , but i respect your desire to survey . yes , i am , and i scored 21 ( or 22 depending on one of my answers ) . will you be publishing the results anywhere after a time ? ... compressing the quotes with spoilers , quelle bonne idée D: hahaha , sorry about that ! i'm actually on holiday at the moment , posting from my phone , so cross-referencing things is kind of awkward - ... ooh , this thread . jedi knight ( as in , dark forces 2 ) was a pretty big part of my mid-childhood . i remember playing it to death on the msn gaming zone . nf sabers on bgj , ff guns at oasis ... fun ... if going by types , i would say istj . i've had two or three istj friends and they were all excellent at their jobs - dedicated , thorough and conscientious even when other members on their team were ... wow , my jaw is positively gaping at some of these responses , lol . it doesn't even seem like there's any consistent pattern as to who turned out which way . 1 . ) what's your mbti type ? infp 2 . ) ... what do i think about it ? i think it's hilarious ! if not mildly disconcerting that individuals with such an , ahh ... powerful imagination exist . seriously , read their ' about us ' section . it's like ... this is not something i really understand . the whole , i'm not acting as myself stuff . i was in your position once before too , but i was worried in a different way . i knew i could never act out of ... i love the fact that there are so many night owls here ! i'm surrounded by early risers and go-getters in almost all of my jobs so i burst out laughing seeing the results here . i'm not alone ! that ... cooking is one of those things that i really should do more of / get into more , but i've only ever dabbled for short stints at a time . i enjoy good food ( in fact the simple pleasures are some of the ... if you don't see the problem here then i don't know what to say . i'm starting to think perhaps she wasn't overreacting after all . that's a surprisingly difficult question . i can't speak for anyone else , but i know that once i feel that kind of kinship with another person , once there is a mutual connection that i know is ... i'm sorry because it's late right now , plus i'm incredibly tired and probably won't give you the articulate and considered response you probably deserve for a post like this . but in all honesty , i ... how curious . i relate to all descriptions quite well , actually . most of my life i was probably on the border between calm and ... border , though in recent years have seen me regress towards the ... with all due respect , what were you hoping for when posting this thread ? only sympathy and validation ? in my opinion , yes , the police report was quite excessive , but you're still not without fault ... for a start , they wouldn't be an it , they would be themselves . he or she , to use gender pronouns . a semantic difference perhaps , but also an important one i feel , and quite indicative of mindset in ... most people are generally surprised to find out that i'm an infp , because they either have a poor grasp on what an nf actually is and / or because i don't openly advertise the ' f ' and am pretty ... for the vgm lovers out there :  and because this woman has one of the most enchanting voices i've ... this is actually an interesting question . i'm seriously wracking my brain here . bearing in mind most of the media i've tended to consume in recent years has been more anime and videogames than films ... oh wow , this post is fucking amazing . so very , very accurate in a general sense . even the isfj one describes my mother's ill-fated romantic liaisons to a tee . and a certain enfp car-crash ... sometimes i really hate not living on my own . why is it that i'm subject to scrutiny by my mother's romantic partners ? what the fuck business is it of theirs , what does it have to do with her , and if ... i dislike relying overmuch on any outside substance to influence my state of consciousness on personal grounds , so that's an automatic no from me . i have tried it before , though . a couple of times ... hmm ... if anyone out there would be willing to suffer the dubious pleasure of my company , i'd be only too happy to turn up to one of these things . i'm pretty open to going anywhere , at any time , more ... well , seeing as this does double as the stream of consciousness thread : i ordered spaghetti bolognese in a restaurant the other day , and was quite surprised that it turned out to be an oilier , but ... i agree with the stereotype insofar as it is a stereotype . i wouldn't put too much stock in taking it literally , because the more two-dimensional descriptions read like they weren't written by infps ... hmm ... when i like someone , signs that are externally visible ? - i spend a lot of time with them or around them . even in otherwise innocuous situations , just being together is compelling enough . ... those are very different questions ... but i'll answer :) what made you sure of your type ? um ... reading the description , and feeling like it was okay to be that kind of person underneath ? it was ... i think this is a multifaceted question . lest we forget , attraction is not always solely physical in nature . my answer to the question is ' yes , with conditions and caveats ' . thinking about it , ... i'm very ambivalent about it . as a child , it was easily the best time of the year bar none . bar none . every time the decorations would go up , the living room and my bedroom would be covered in a ... i love how a catch-all superficialties thread turns into a mostly-food thread :p anyways i'm a terrible cook but a consummate eater so i've been trying to correct this terrible lack of balance ... pardon the intrusion , but i couldn't help but wonder , after reading this - what else is there to say ? what else can be said ? in my opinion , promising someone to be with them for eternity is ... i can very strongly relate , for a number of reasons . firstly , i don't trust people to be able to understand fully . secondly , opening up makes me vulnerable , which i'm only willing to do with people i ... adorable ? hmm ... i'm not so sure about that one . i think i've had cute quite a few times though ! ( and not in a ' sexy cute ' sense , more ' adorkable ' from what i can tell ) . i don't get it as much any ... i don't have much to contribute myself - or at least , nothing that either i haven't already said sometime before or that i feel like sharing - but i wanted to express my gratitude towards the people ... i have seen plenty of people i find physically attractive , even if we might not have anything in common or necessarily go anywhere . ( in fact , i've tried to train myself to maintain composure when ... agree completely . i've seen people burn themselves out trying to be everything to everyone , and it never ends well . in some cases , they end up undoing all the good that has been done . however , i ... reading this is really , really familiar . firstly , xion was completely correct in everything he said . i've been this exact person , myself . and i feel almost as though i should apologise , even though i ... well , not all infp's are alike , of course . within the type , i've noticed another few more common ' subtypes ' around , though everyone's an individual . though with the ones you feel closest to , with ... hey there . how are you doing ? i hope you're well . um ... haha , no matter how practiced they are , pleasantries and idle banter never feel natural , somehow , but despite my ambivalence , i really do ... firstly , you have to prepare yourself mentally for the possibility that , when you do tell him about your fiancée , he may either : - not want to be your friend , or - not feel able to be your ... i can't relate , in all honesty . part of me wishes i could - in the end , feeling bitter or spiteful towards other people is like swallowing poison and expecting the other person to die from it . but ... that's an interesting sentiment , and one honestly a lot closer to my own current feelings than i would have expected to find . i suppose i shouldn't be surprised that if someone were to be able to ... i can't really comment about this because i don't have a sibling , nor have i ever experienced the same thing myself . however , i think others are bang on the money when they say that your sister most ... i'm in accordance with the believers here , though i'm of the opinion - at least after reading what others have put - that the ways the parents present the myths is vastly more important than mbti ... '