' the most alcohol does to me is make me sleepy . sure i've been drunk and people that have been around me in such a state can attest that all i do is lean against a wall and doze off . can't really ... about a 5 i'd say . is the ch pronounced like kh . if it's with a kh it gets a 6 . emotional chain reactions make me cry or at least make me want to cry . like i barely wake up on time , take a quick shower , but since i'm in a hurry i take a cold shower . consequently my hair is wet ... i'm indifferent , so meh for me . i would probably just accept that this is now me and there's really no point in being upset with yourself , in the end it always ends in acceptance , so i just choose to ... it's been a long time since i've been actively on here , but now i find my self going towards silly posts and just avoiding serious ones . like what songs are you listening to or maybe what are you ... individual integrity and hypocrisy for me . i have my own standards and if i violate those standards constantly why are they there ? what's the point in having standards at all if you don't abide by ... i snickered for a solid 30 seconds until i noticed the alien and laughed my ass off . i liked the spear as a weapon ... i feel like that's not a good enough reason ... wait , i've got it ! i wanted it to be gungnir , as in odin's spear , but something ( do me a favor , think up a ... probably a a couple of months ago during new year . it was reaching that point where either you're drunk , but still drinking to beat the other guy or just watching other people drink themselves under ... i've yet to try it and it sound really cool and interesting , but i'm not sure i can handle the combat . i used to play wow just for the story and when you prety much could get that story through ... from what i can understand about it , ni basically means taking an experience , feeling or whatever and finding some sort of a outer comparison using your intuition , while si measures and analyses your ... hi , my name's estir and i'm abnormally excited to be here . i've always felt out of place , had few friends and was generally weird for my age , at least that's what other people say . personally , i ... to be honest i just want to be able to somewhat predict the actions of those around me . what good is having a plan if there are way too many variables ? there's another one i really like . always do what you're afraid to do , you might feel a bit ashamed at the time , but it will make you a better person overall . што сееш , тоа и ќе го жнееш . you reap what you sow . one of my favorites . not really ... it just really depends on your out-view . one man's trash is another's treasure . shame that there isn't a middle ground option . though i do like them . green 4keeps that really depends on the dog . like cats they can be a lone wolf or a cuddly house-pet . and i think that the race , be it doberman or dalmatian isn't a deciding factor either . sorry if ... personally , i'm a dog person , though the fact that the first cartoon i ever watched was tom & jerry and i loved butch and tyke might have skewed my opinion . i don't see anything wrong in cats , i just ... i can't tell if this is a bad or good thing since we don't know what disney plans to do with the franchise , but surely it can't be worse than the prequels ... i don't think letter combinations should have a description , just individual letters should have descriptions . then formulate a combination on your own . though this maybe a generalization of a very ... it can't be completely erased , america spends way too much . either it being on the war on drugs or just plain tax cuts . well , erasing the numeral black markets would probably help , but that seems ... not really , but since i don't really have any sort of comfort zone per say , small talk and talking about my feelings isn't really hard , it's just annoying ... other than that , i'd say i tend to ... can't decide between saber-tooth tiger and triceratops . well anything that has some sort of fangs or horns that it uses for intimidation or combat ... that's actually one of the reasons why i go to a high-school in another town , well next to the schools in my town being just bad . agni well you're practically my only option , you're the only one who got anything specifically electricity related , but the healing part might put a monkey-wrench in my plans of suicide ... agni i'l ask once and only once , will you join me ? ! ? you are one of the few people who can negate my powers , a feat not even the one who bestowed them upon me , hades , could do . i wish to be free of ... werewolf physiology - superpower wiki limitations applied electricity can prevent the transformation . may be connected to the phases of the moon ( full moon in particular ) and either only be ... no , just simply no . five minutes seems to me like half an hour ... taste is a combination of the sense of smell , touch and taste ( tongue . ) so i just put a slight variation in my meals , whether it's a different bread , cheese , lunch meat etc . you could say that i ... honestly , i never really got why you would be more attracted to a singular type than the remaining types . facelessbeauty you have a point , but that stigma effects all tests . for example if you're taking a math test and know the answers and tell them to your friend to prevent from failing or whatever , ... i prefer creatures that have a conscience , but no matter how hard they try they can only slow down their descent to their primal state . werewolves are a prime example since they are most likely ... i do help people and i don't really expect anything in return , but recently it seems i've gotten several situations in which i help a person and when the person achieves their objectives they just ... you hypocrite . , stop spacing out and do something productive . <-- it's a long story ... your theory holds merit , but it being based solely on video games is possibly a problem . granted video games are pretty much a standard these days and they have great influence , but i don't think ... honestly , i wouldn't have a social life if there was a way to express sarcasm through text without just adding * sarcasm . ~ _ ~ well , i was in a way kind of invisible to my parents . never really talked too much , had to do my own homework , basically had no close friends i trusted . i don't know why , but i was always in the ... nothing is hard to find when you know where to look for it . for me it's more like a pause than a complete shutdown . like when i play soccer , me being the goal keeper . when i catch a ball i stand still and consider my options for about 15 seconds , any less ... abraxas yeah , it was mostly focused on the profanity . green girl it was only to give as an example . there are over protective parents everywhere , but i mentioned it because america has a very high teen pregnancy rating . i see it everywhere . from over protective parents to war veterans . we've all witnessed this sudden surge of idiocy that started in america and america being the figure head that it is intimidates ... 1 ) let's assume that you are back at college . your grandmother gives you $ 200 to pay for textbooks . instead , you spend it on something else that is trivial in relative to the textbooks . do you tell ... shivasoul firstly , are you sure that she was an intj and secondly are sure that she wasn't in any way depressed ? don't underestimate me because my brain is the size of a whale's dick and sharper than a rapier . - tj from theamazingatheist kenshin mizuchi a girl has to be unique and make her own decisions for her to even have a chance of sweeping me of my feet . i strongly dislike the pack mentality that girls today have and i theorize ... not really . because if in life you don't fail or do something wrong you gain a considerable amount of ego and think that you can't learn any more . through failure we better ourselves and build ... awkward dude , it's only going to get worse until you actually tell her . i know it sounds bad , but let's weight the outcomes : outcome i : you don't tell her and sooner or later you won't even be able ... 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? i'm straight and currently single . 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll include alcohol . ) no , well that's not completely ... '