thanks guys . admittedly i've been trained through persistent abuse by an 8w7 entj to take anything and not dare question its fairness to me . as i've been very vocal about on this forum , i am ... lordmercurio i'm sorry , but i think you misunderstood me on some points . some of what you said was along the lines of my own arguments , even if i express myself in a different manner than is common ... thank you for your magnanimity in educating me . now that i have come to the self-realization i was a closet misogynist , ... what is it i am trying to obfuscate ? why don't you just tell me what opinion you want me to have so we can all be on the same page ? show me the posts from this evening where i used the mention ... if you took that first part seriously ... at this point i'm swaying back to thinking you're trolling . i was laughing at what i perceived to be a joke . you made a point of me mentioning people , i ... i haven't in this thread , so by your logic , i must be on top . only time i recall doing so in the other was telling stawker it was a futile endeavor ( as continually proven ) , and for citing two ... some do . if you say all do , you are in error , as every rule has an exception . if you said that you knew some crazy entj males and i launched an unending crusade against you , i would be the ... backpedaling ? just as i said . and as stawker said : no , it's an attack when it's aimed at someone specifically . mbp makes many sexist comment about men ; i never take them personally , as i do not hold myself under such generalizations . you're a ... i went off on you for being actually guilty of what you were saying i was , and for dropping the important part of what i said ( mbti tendencies ) . bigotry is bigotry . your example was sound , and i ... it shows . it's harder to understand something when you don't read it . why not pretend they don't exist instead of pretending they're saying things they aren't ? i'm glad you get my point ... any lack of empathy is a projection . as previously stated , i have been praised for my capacity for emotional support and labeled most understanding person by multiple people ( not just entjs ) . but i ... the question to ask yourself is what you'd get out of either one . the former would be inviting an interpretation of hostility , and any defense you are being misunderstood will be harder to allay even ... my philosophbro stawker will appreciate this . probably skyracerx , as well ( though you're probably already familiar with chs ) i strongly recommend ... skyracerx put down the mattock and enjoy the amontillado until i'm done constructing this wall . : wink : i'll say again , good to have you back . looking forward to more quality posts . aside from ... i'm thinking of starting a disabilities thread where those of us with handicaps like tourette syndrome ( not to be confused with coprolalia ) can rail against the normies as part of the problem for not ... thank you fumetsu . though i'm sure everybody will assume i asked you to contribute . you and skyracerx are the two i know for a fact harbor no such persecution complexes or victim mentality , and so ... skyracerx thanks for getting back on topic . but you realize you're just baiting me and stawker into continuing to attack the validity of the list , which will further incite others to ... i see all these people ashamed of who they are , and i can't help but be ashamed for them . i've known so many strong people , and it makes me truly sad to see some of the weakest people trying to ... wellsy , again , love your presentation , but only got half way through . will try to come back to it later . i get , and actually appreciate your points . i can definitely see that 9ness you speak of , ... agreed . identifying with superficial things like ancestral heritage is silly . a white person can speak to the equality of minorities just as a man can speak to the equality of women . glad you got ... i have never dabbled in socionics . there has been much talk about the sub-forum of estj / entj differences , and si is always described as traditionally / socially focused and stubborn . not that si ... wait till you read the rest of the thread . : wink : there's a reason srx calls me an oracle . no , it's doubtful you would interpret them the way you have . are you really so thick you can't see the sexist here is you , and you are entirely projecting ? still waiting for you to do as i asked in ... if you can't follow a conversation , don't try to lead it . msbossypants what makes it specious is in your substitutions you omitted the actually important part--the type . you made it about race instead of mbti , just as you made my initial post about sex ... okay , the good thing is if she really wanted to die , she wouldn't have told you . she wants help , not escape , and you're doing what you can , and have proven your mettle in being there for her . my ... i cannot possibly read all of that right now . you are a monster . srx always said she wanted to see what i could do in the debate forum , but honestly i think interacting with you would be porn enough ... funny , wasn't going delve too deep into this , but my compulsion to feed trolls has me up for the night . so , topic to address now is : i am going to take this cue to debate not the subject but ... what is it i don't get ? the meaning of my own post you are trying to elucidate to me ( surely , you understand me so much better than i do myself ! ) , or the meaning you are projecting onto it ? i ... judgement ? i don't recall passing any judgement . i'm a 1 , so i'm pretty fuckin ' explicit when i do . : laughing : perhaps your projection of how i perceive entj women is a syllogistic correlate to ... msbossypants again , exactly what i was saying from the start . were you ladies trolling me ? : blushed : so you were actually agreeing with me the entire time ? haha . didn't realize you were aiming for dialectic . the egg and bacon is on my face ; i thought you really weren't getting my stance and were ... i'm going to answer a question with a question : what does any of this have to do with the topic srx put forth ? she was simply asking for stereotypical traits misattributed to anatomy , and i raised ... it's what you're going to read regardless of what i'm actually saying , so by all means , have at it . difference being we 1w9s face the same shit but just never cared . : laughing : basically , we were saying society is full of close-minded idiots , but grouping yourself in a category thrust upon you by idiots just means you're playing along with the idiocy . even if you're really ... unpleasant . : laughing : nothing to brag of . having always been focused on pursuing a writing career , my official employment has been lackluster , ranging from blue collar to low level white . all for ... since you're saying there's such a gulf between the sexes that a man could not possibly understand you or the struggles of being a woman , what makes you think you are accurately interpreting us ? ... i wasn't going to dig too deep into this , having already stated my own take that traits are traits , gender is incidental , and other people's opinions are just that , but i actually discussed this with ... skyracerx i said stilts , she said stilettos . you still got a good few inches . this was my point . i've never had any problem coming forward as myself naturally , with no fear whatsoever of ... to get some measure of testosterone back into my crippled body i've been doing gripless squats when my stomach isn't revolting . i hook the bar in the crook of my elbows to rack it , and lay my ... you'll have to forgive me for addressing the genre instead of the book , but all i have to contribute , which i confess is not what you're looking for , is that i see proportionally larger interest in ... sounds like an evangelion title . eva 4 : you are ( not ) employed antiparticle you can be reserved , but communication is necessary where communication is necessary . it's only a tautology until ... you just reminded me i haven't made an american psycho joke since the fi grip nonsense started . ... you'll get the ax . build a man a fire , he's warm for a day . set a man on fire , he's warm for the rest of his life . not any i've known , unfortunately . or do you mean a specific one ? ( perhaps hinting at something ;) ) because speaking generally , while i have found infps to be reliably consistent in their ... we've already been acquainted , so you get to skip the flirting and go straight to the cuddling , bun . and your story is why it's safer to work out at home ; nobody accidentally falls for me that ...