' to : me oh dear god ! stop trying to be emotionally unattached in the relationship ! you know damn well she likes you , so why are you not returning ! you've had no trouble in the past , so what ... loved reading the other ones ! seems some of the definiters have had some unappreciated experiences with us . hehehehe >:D the girls in my school that complain about being treated like crap when they go after those guys and decide to complain and get sympathy from me . if you put yourself in this kind of situation and ... hey syd ! fellow enfps are always welcome here ( not saying any other types aren't or anything o . o ) ! welcome , then , to the forums , make yourself at home , don't be afraid to ask for help ( people ... definitly the desire to live . i've never been afraid of death , but i know there's so much to do in life and i want to do everything i can before i hit the bucket . it feels ... sad , that a lot of people miss out on the opportunity to get past it , but then again , they are who they are . the happy exterior is never been hard to do , just that i haven't met a single ... completely read that bottle . even read mom's makeup appliances when i was younger . 12:31 am i've been in the bathroom with the slurpee in my hand for about an hour now . told my girlfriend goodnight , but now the only thing i can focus on is the ring on the dirty clothes hamper . i ... ... that people think just because i show my goofy side , it must automatically mean i'm an idiot . hi ! after what seems like forever ( i think it's been 4 months ! ) , i finally got an estj female to say yes to me asking her out . she originally said no on the account of her ex boyfriend and the ... welcome to the site ! i'm sure you'll make an amazing addition to it ! diggin ' your music selection , by the way :) welcome to the forums ! the infj profile , that is neither good nor bad , if you're thinking that one type is above the other . it's your type , and you should be proud to be an infj . :D as for the ... someone's out there that's more than willing to take you and all your glory , girl . just give it a bit of time . ;D i love games like fallout , skyrim , and anything else that has to do with adventure and exploring . also , minecraft is something near and dear to my heart just because of the whole creationist ... guitar and i tried my hands at piano ( pun intended ) . i still play the guitar . the piano ? not so much . i know exactly what you're going through ! i'd use to see some in my town and i thought they were the cutest littlest things , but god help me if i ever said it to them ! i'd probably freak if i ... let me see what the ol ' noggin can come up with at the moment ... i am looking for a person that i can laugh with , that i can play with , that i can sit down and talk to with anything and ... i don't think you should completely rush out to find an enfp guy . give it some time , you have plenty of it . i say just wait it out ; one will eventually come in your life . pretty accurate in my case . people assume i'm an aimless , wandering idiot because they know i have the p , but i'll be damned if i don't have my priorities together . who the fuck does this guy think he is ? ! was my first thought . as for what i would do , i'd let him know , face to face , in the most blunt way . then , depending on his body language and facial ... this is pretty darn a full-on enfp . i can emphasize with all of those things on your list . from everything to being appreciated to using others ' emotions to motivate myself . the thought of doing ... that's actually how i do my any mileage above a 10 . it all starts off at doing just two mile , at about a 6:12 pace , then , next thing you know , it's 10 miles later and i'm running at a 6 flat . ... oh yeah . i'm in my head pretty much constantly while working . it's pretty good if you're just doing something that you'd normally be doing . this also happens when i run . i run and while my body's ... dear people : when i am in the middle of doing something for you as a favor , don't assume that i want to turn it into a daily chore ! i have no problem helping you out , but when you assume that ... not sure of anyone else's experience , but i have a lot of estj friends , both male and female , and they seem to love me ! i mean this in all sense of the word . i'm always the first on their list of ... it'd trust a stranger with something small . if i need someone to hold or watch something , i'll ask a stranger and trust them without problems . although anything more , i trust the friend more . hahahaha ! what can i say we know what we want ;D although i have received quite a bit of affection from intjs , i gotta say , i'm in love <3 ouchie . we'd be demeaning their entire cause D: i say nay to this idea . let them protest , let them fight , let them get a chance to express their sides of events . enfps , silly ! ;D 25794 here is the culprit e . e 5 ' 10 in the morning , and 5 ' 9 in the night :( thanks , gravity ... p . s . i sent her a picture of the culprit as proof . i'd send it now , but the phone takes a bit of time and effort ; both of which i do not have at the moment with the rate this phone loads ... with the matter of the kitten , how would it make the kitten feel if it was left all alone , in a new place , with no knowledge that he even has food and water . now , let's see if we can answer ...   ... if it's me , like tridentus says , i shrug it off . but when others are involved , holy shit i go off . i remember at one time i was hanging out with some friends , when out of nowhere , a wild bully ... ooooh man ! each of us would hunt after the same woman , at the same time , neither one of us would actually go after her , preferring for the other to go just because of our attitudes . although i'd ... hang on a sec here . seems i forgo to include some important information on here : 1 ) the two of us aren't dating , and frankly , i kinda like it that way . 2 ) i did not choose between the kitten ... it's our senior year at high school and this was the last game ... orhola , intjs :D i'm kind of caught in a disaster . here's the situation : i made plans to visit a female intj's volleyball game , and asked her for some info about it , pretty much signifying ... generally , if i do something right , then i'd like for someone to notice it and say good job , or something of the like . if there is nobody around , or nobody says anything , i still know that i did ... yup , although i have 4chan , youtube , and steam to keep me entertained until the issue is solved . just gotta be patient , i suppose :D welcome aboard ! i'm still a newbie to the forum , but from what i've seen so far , it's pretty fun and i'm sure you'll find it to be thee same , if not more . :D i kinda thought that i'd find a bit more enfps here . i lurk here a bit more than i should . it's just that you itnjs are just so darn tootin ' attractive that my impulses are harder to resist each ... how much do you think you socialize with people in a week's time ? -6/7 times a week , i think . i'm an extravert 100 % :D how much time do you spend by yourself in a week's time ? - 1 day . all i can ... well , you certainly made it easier that he's an f . more info ? aaand here come the enfps to join in on the fun ! :D this is the life we've waited for this is me knocking on your door this is my attempt to restore what i lost which every snap you take of me close as the very breath you breathe oh if you let ... every one of my relationships have been a girl who got dumped by her ex , after being heavily mistreated , and is looking for the nice guy , and find that in my . i take it upon myself to be the best ... it was only in elementary school , where i was kinda pushed against a wall in the bathroom . not rough as to leave damage , just enough to feel a sting in my back and shoulder blades . one day , i got ... born in russia , then moved to the usa . still retain russian perfectly while grasping the ever-changing english vocabulary :D '