' i clearly do not learn from my mistakes . my physiotherapist thinks i have two masses of scar tissue on my muscles that connect rib-cage to spine . she thinks that when i broke my collar bone , i also broke 2 ribs which caused the trauma . this ... i can't really speak about the group as a whole , because given everything i've read here , we're a fairly diverse group , but i can say i love rugby and aussie rules football . i'm not particularly good ... well if you have anxiety problems i'd probably say avoid mushrooms , an anxiety attack while on shrooms would be quite disastrous . with that caveat out of the way , i've taken shrooms and it's probably ... been single for about a month , and i can't remember the last time i've been this consistently happy for this long . life is beautiful . heh , i take a vacation from this site and look at the trouble you kids get up to : tongue : i don't like drinking to the same extent i used to , but i still enjoy going out and getting a good buzz on and having fun at parties . nothing wrong with staying sober , i merely choose not to ... i don't want to sound like an asshole op , but , what happened to balance ? i mean , clingy is annoying , but who wants to deal with someone who's frigid ? much like anything in life , it's about finding a ... i ended my first relationship on friday . we were completely different people , with very different values and personalities ; we were definitely not the best match-up . but i miss laying next to her , ... my membership to this club just got revoked . only took 20 years lol . psychology major , 2nd year student . not taking it to pursue a career in psychology though , just something i'm interested in . plus to be an officer in the military you need a ba , and my back-up career ... this is all so new to me , i'm pretty terrible at it , and frankly it's a little terrifying , but i am not going to half ass this , never this i preform my best work under pressure first off i want to say there are people that care for you . taking your life , wouldn't solve anything , it would only bring pain to those who love you in your life , be them mother , brother , sister , ... broken three bones , but never sprained anything . basically , just pop and crappy food . guess i'm just boring . heh , not so much facial expressions , as just eye contact . ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? so we ran into each-other today . you get this big smile , so happy to see me . come up and hug me asking how i've been ... ... it's fine , you decide , i really don't mind either way well he's extremely extroverted , arrogant and competitive . so i really doubt he's much like you , other than in appearance . definitely sloth , followed by a fair bit of wrath . i worked myself up again . i wonder if you lay awake at night frustrated . i wonder if you even look back and think about me . i wonder if i even came close to having the kind of impact on you , like ... perceived anonymity mostly . the hell i'd tell my guy friends half the shit i say here . i have a few close friends i don't mind opening up to , but i don't like dumping on them constantly , as that's ... if i go more than a week without red meat i get antsy . i have 0 problems eating meat . then again , i have no problem if someone chooses to be vegetarian and vegan , so long as they aren't a preachy ... i'm mired with this inability to act on my desires . it's ridiculous how much it holds me back . i need to learn how to act on wants and needs in the moment . there's a fair bit i enjoy , but much like any other genre , there is also a fair bit i do not like . i prefer dubstep with a more continuous beat , rather than sporadic and all over the place . i have to disagree with the fact that those in long term care facilities shouldn't be permitted to reproduce , as their offspring more often than not are perfectly average . an autistic couple will ... oh and just a heads up , intelligence , is a trait that has a heritability of roughly 50 % . meaning that what effects a persons intelligence , is half nature ( meaning what their genes dictate ) , and half ... if you're talking about eugenics from the standpoint of altering genes within a person so as to immunize them against cancer or other diseases and infections , then that would be acceptable . if ... not sure about whatever country you live in , but i'm fairly certain where i live that would constitute tax evasion . i'd be nice to be fully self sufficient , but i love my movies and music . i was on the edge of voting for lay and wait till my time to act , but i've only attempted 2 relationships ( in case you're interested , neither led to a relationship ) . so i had to go with the sit on ... oh wow , not going to lie that's pretty brilliant i can only talk about myself , as i do not know any other infp's in real life . with that caveat out of the way let me begin . what he seems to be doing sounds a lot like what i do when i start having ... estp's and estj's . confuzzles me greatly . ... why has there been no mention of beer pong ? rookies : rolleyes : * sets up table for beerpong * ok lets get this started oh ya , just for a little ambiance ... black hawk down clerks 1 and 2 chasing amy bad santa layer cake fear and loathing in las vegas 30 days of night ... went to do the test , but all the questions were asking how i interacted with my partner ; i've never dated . looks like i can't complete this test . ... you have a doppelganger in canada , there is a guy in my german 1100 course who looks identical to you , rather scary 1 ) nope 2 ) n / a 3 ) oh hell yes 4 ) not a clue in the world 5 ) lack of confidence i'm intensely shy , have sweet # % $ @ all in game . don't have a job , but i am in university . oh and did i mention i'm shy as hell . every time i think i've put this behind me it just springs up . it'd be nice if i could just close this chapter of my life and move on . i damned near put my fist through a wall last night , but what ... not sure where you're getting that secretly business from the best part of my day is crawling into bed , with my dog keeping my feet warm . but , she just farted and it stinks . pretty much caps off a shitty day . looks like i'm in . there's many reasons i'm part of this little group . but the main one is that i'm terrified of rejection , so i don't even try . well i do , but i don't , it's all muddy and confusing ... have tonsillitis again , doctor told me one more time and i'm going to need to them removed . on one hand i'd love to stop getting swollen tonsils every other month and being sick , but i really don't ... really depends on my mood , and what's going on . in any given day i can swing from feeling like superman , to wanting to bang my head off the desk repeatedly until the day is over . generally though , ... i'd say go talk to one of the doctors or psychologists the military provides ( if you're in a western country ) . if you're having a breakdown , you're not fit for duty , and you should be able to get a ... after having a really shitty day this really cheered me up , thanks i can be extremely cold and analytical . i enjoy and am decent at contact sports ( rugby , australian rules football ) i enjoy firearms and their culture ( promise i'm not a rightwing nutjob ) i really ... '