' some bad things but only in my mind , when i get really frustrated and don't know what will i do , and then get sorry about it a moment later what a stupid topic , unbelievable i myself from isfp turn to mean istj and i hate myself for that and everybody who stays in my way . you are special lust lust lust lust lust lust ! ! ! i don't know who could approve something like changing your name . how to say it .. it's stupid . please don't change your name , i like your name . plain stupid things to think about i wrote my name inside a train with a marker you want to stick to text ? : shocked : heroes 3 , doom 2 , gta 3 , vc , max payne 1 , rtcw , ut99 , i used to hate but now i just dont care anymore i am going to watch it in theatre with my sister paramore - riot : tongue : it is all art / or nothing is art . couldn't everything be art ? i am a silent adrenaline addict , and isfp , but male ayria it so strange .. how i manage to catch myself listening to this song on a tuesday night-as mentioned in the song they have brown hair and green eyes bravo bravo thank you ! i like it . i like lsd ( the song ) and dark magus we are both isfp ! dark magus it would be entj / estj why do i have a feeling that s is like a flaw in comparison with n n is more in life , s is less in life i constantly have that feeling . i personally think of n people as people we ... sophia bush : zooey deschanel : scarlett johansson : natalie portman : thank you all for answers : happy : what do you think about my theory that most s's prefer cats and most n's prefer dogs ? or it is not related at all ? didn't know where else to post it , and didn't know how to make a pool . ~  there we go damn i love female vocalists . that's what love is i love that song . and haddaway-what is love from previous post :D from night at the roxbury . i think thinking about love is same as thinking about meaning of life . therefore love = meaning of ... exactly .. me too . lol chocolate , cookies , chocolate cookies every day , something sweet for times i'm feeling the need for sweet : tongue : lol i am having a blast today ! wohoo . : tongue :: crazy :: tongue :: crazy : welcome both of you , my friends .. mozart ( musician ) was isfp :) im doing it now with this : but soon i'll just ' move ' to something else ... maybe even totally different genre of music like trance . and put it on repeat ... im isfp . equilibrium gattaca amadeus hackers fear and loathing in las vegas donnie darko trainspotting clerks keep it at my house , not worry about money ever again , and donate some every now and then to people who need it more than me i have a feeling that it's not too good when 2 people are the exact opposite that's a tough one . at least for me . hmmm ... everything i like i also hate , and not vice versa . i can't tell you one thing about myself that i like and don't hate at the same time . :/ f * ck . i am ! :D but everyone is an adrenaline junkie on a different way if i learn how to live alone , i will like it . they feel shitty . enfp i guess . '