' besides the usual stuff about politics or bigotry : - when i'm patronized or condescended to - when i'm micromanaged - when people try to manipulate my emotions ( i . e . it makes me sad when you do ... i had a dream the other night that i reconciled with a person i've held a grudge against for years . in this dream , i was for some reason in their city , in their house . i was stuck in there . i needed ... visiting this forum again after forgetting about it for a while and i'm so reminded of this video you just described the last 2 years of my life haha sorry to bug you but i'm curious - - what do you think the job market is like for architects in north america right now ? i just graduated with a bachelors degree in a very unemployable field ( lol ) and ... every now and then i fantasize about what it would be like to get a ' normal ' / corporate job , get married ( to a person of the opposite sex even though i'm gay ) , have kids and buy a house . it's so ... smile you look tired you're so quiet  i agree with you and was making fun of listing absolute infj traits lol sorry this is unrelated to the topic at hand but what do you mean by infj body type ? do you mean an infj with an enneagram gut type , or ... ? just curious ! yeah , i've never really understood this . i have a handful of entp friends and i appreciate their brainz and the discussions we have . i feel like i learn from them , but i doubt they get anything out ... is this tongue in cheek ? lol this sounds like a laundry list of things my elderly male family members would dredge on about fabi , did you mean social issues as in problems of society or social issues as in issues with socializing ? it seems the responders here are divided lol wow , i'm surprised by the number of traditionalists over here ... i guess to add my own stresses ... - income inequality - oligarchic , elite political systems and governance ( i think this ... it's worth looking into tritypes ! i'm not 100 % sure what mine is but i would figure it's 9w1 4w5 7w6 or 9w1 4w5 5w4 . i think the secondary and tertiary types can inform a person's general ... i don't really relate to much of the funny type 9 description ( minus the thing about knocking something over in a store and everyone looking at me - - very , very real ) but this is me to a t . it was ... can confirm all of the above minus the volkswagen . i think i qualify for extra points in the spacy and spineless categories . i spent a solid 2 hours daydreaming about the backstory of severus snape ... some people are just irredeemably awful cold , hard exterior and soft and sweet centre ... i think i just described a tootsie pop i'm not a believer either , but i wanted to say exactly this . worst jobs i'd hate to do: - investment banker / finance ( unethical ... obviously ) - salesperson for a company ( bad at selling anything , slightly less bad if i actually believe in the ... - tall - eats books - long nose - wears a lot of purple - mystical - floats everywhere instead of walking this sounds like the hunger games titanii sorry to jump in here and i didn't read the rest of your conversation , but you didn't address any of the actual points troispoint made . saying liberal arguments are naive without ...  if i can't be my own i'd feel better dead lol ... what ? sounds like more of an exercise in patting your own ego ... hey , i always wanted a jazzmaster ! you're living my high school dream haha . i also love ethereal stuff of all stripes . if you ever feel like recommending some music , please pm me , i'm trying to find ... you're so cute ! ! i kinda wish this could have been my era but i'm way too young hahaha . cut my hair and dyed it black , wore a lot of gaudy eyeliner , and got really into japanese metal . kept active livejournal and deviantart accounts to record the darkness of my soul . drew a lot of ... i'm a professional artist , whatever that means . i make paintings and they go in galleries sometimes . the responses here that say they can't do art or they can't create their vision or ... i got obliger - obligers respond readily to outer expectations , but struggle to meet inner expectations . in other words , they work hard not to let other people down , but they often let themselves ... was gonna say platypus ( weird , rare , egg-laying mammal wtf ) and then read mythical ... hmm ...  live to eat ! i love cooking . i'm always planning my next meal . i follow like 6 food pages on fb and now my feed is just a nonstop stream of cooking videos . i travel sometimes 80 % for the purpose of ... '