'  i'll have a cigarette here and there - probably only a hand full throughout the year . however , shisha is another thing . my hookah got used all the time until the bowl fell and broke a few weeks ago . shuffle a dream is probably my favorite song in the album .  ratm is awesome . i like the one day as a lion project but man has it been a while since i last really sat down and listen to some of their stuff on my ... gemini .. i don't study it but interesting nonetheless . 1 . i usually keep eye contact but again its situation . like i know at work i tend to look away or down when someone is talking to me because i am thinking more or less where something is that will ... and then some little dragon because machine dreams is one of my favorite albums .. i didn't know what to write so i copied some of the syllabus i was reading ... 29231 i am generally a pretty positive person . my coworkers are always like why do you laugh and smile so much . majority of the time i see things as unimportant / trivial to complain about if one were to ... my handwriting is inconsistent . it is like a weird mix of print and cursive . it looks good when i can get it to slant correctly . sometimes i like to write in all caps though when i'm taking notes - ... the difference is the origin of your psychic energy . it is only a small tendency or leaning towards one over the other . mastery of both / all functions is what you ideally want to accomplish . aside ... i don't care what anyone calls me for the most part . what i don't particularly like is when they throw in a you seem ..  edit : lol .. damn its late .. been up all ... i used to skateboard and was ok . hundred of injuries later , i now prefer fishing and driving . lol . i think the fastest way to improve your communication skill would be to get a job where you have to talk to people like in retail . lost in translations . lol . psychoanalysis is interesting nonetheless . anima and animus for the most part in todays times are irrelevant although they are interesting to contemplate and expand ... yup . just monitor the thoughts that is all they are really just thoughts . they have no power unless you give them . if you deny something then you acknowledge it exists and you don't want it to have ... acid is cool but suks cause i haven't been able to get for a while now but it doesn't matter because it is not necessary . the thing i enjoy most during a trip is being out in nature . it is ... i like jung so lets relate . i'm assuming jung would basically say that your relationship with your anima ( femine personality ) is primative / infantile . it is manifesting itself in the form of some ... i only like acid ... i don't care for anything else . the thing is with psychedelics it is like a whole day mission . right now i am playing skyrim but if i leave it for a few days then i will probably not play it for a long time . when i leave a very long game and try to come back i am like there is too much to do ... i am addicted to skyrim . the game gave me sanguinare vampiris .. can't go outside anymore the sunlight hurts . baking cookies and cakes ... yum  sounds like maslow's jonah complex . it is sort of like we are afraid of our own success so we set ourselves up for failure by being to passive etc .. i find this in myself often . i like to paint and ... lol that was me last week . today : that was interesting in jung's original theory the goal was to become balanced i . e mastery of both functions . when one transcended the dichotomies they would become actualized and fully experience self . i would say that ... i'm enjoying myself for the most part . i like my field of study and the people within it . what is bothering me is agendas and bullshit that i have to put up with this honors thing . it seems like it ... i know java pretty well . i also know a bit of c / c + + and html ( xml , css , etc . ) . really though like once you know one programming language you know basically all of them . like the only difference is ... i have been in one serious relationship . before that 2 year relationship i messed around a bit but it was weird because it was with girls my friends liked so i held back a bit . now i been on like a ... that was fun .. introspective you like your own company ; you're a very interesting person . tracking your own mental processes , knowing what you're thinking and why you do what you do , is ...  i was thinking the same thing . when i am stress out and pacing around my room . stress causes my logic to like implode . generous creator no . its not weird . psychoanalysis has several theories . i would sum it up as that is what we know and that is what we want . ever hear people talk about a significant other and call them mom or dad ... i find myself projecting really badly . like it is so blatant that it stares me in the face and i'm just like wtf ? my relationships are patterns .. the people specifically . any vague resemblance causes ... it is just a business . i don't vote and i don't believe in government . hmm .. i often find myself having conversations about this with one of my friends . i have been single for a while and would like to explore more interpersonal relationships but i feel like i am out of ... 15 at my gf house . i consider her my first real gf . lol .. her dad came home i hid in the closet and he stayed in the house for a bit .. lol then when he went to his room i ran out of that house ...  lol my week  ... i just do what i do . whether it is conformity or not . i learn and form my own thoughts , beliefs and opinions . '