' no offence but , ( insert extremely offensive comment ) as if saying that makes the following words any better or acceptable . you're too nice i think you were the victim of a depressed infj with his fe suppressed . his actions make him sound like he was dealing with a lot of stress that caused him to hold back his feelings . a healthy infj ... perhaps he just wants to catch up with you ? i wouldn't go into it expecting anything more than dinner with a friend . don't over think it and make it into something huge . master your feelings and ... this is such an accurate description of infj - intp romance . i thought for a long time that i needed an extroverted partner to bring me out into the world but what i really needed was someone ... i'd say you're an infj . your ni / se is spot on for being an ni dom , but your fe is far too high for there to be any chance that you're an intj . your depressed / stressed state is what really gives ... the functional issue with having fe and se as an infj is that we tend to mould ourselves to our surroundings . the chameleon stereotype is definitely real as our responses become tailored and our ... estp or entj hf11 i think all is good and you're on the right track with your relationship . i agree with what vivid melody said about being good friend and also on goodbyes . being a good friend is ... i find that i don't like doing things alone not because i'm afraid of going out alone but rather i want to share the feeling and experience with someone else . it feels emptier and less enjoyable to ... i've run into this problem as well . people tend to meet me in my fe-se mode but don't realize that that's how i am all the time . i get mistaken for an extrovert and other extroverts expect me to ... my intp wife zanah 0dia says that she enjoys sharing theoretical situations that she has no intention of actually realizing outside of her mind . it's the thought that counts - the wife sometimes i think i'm far too polite at times , then i remember how much it stings to stir up emotions , so i hold my tongue . ` ` ` shouldn't you be wearing deodorant ? ... i grit my teeth and tell myself not to let it take over . i've let sadness take over too many times and it only leads to falling into a dark pit . instead of thinking about why i'm sad i try to think ... maybe i'm trying to help you with the seduction of our kind ? i'm not suggesting you chase after me xd the problem is we're well aware of what's going on and it kinda ruins the mood , eh ? entp should try to find common topics that the infj like so that they can start a discussion . once started the ... i have plans for a counter attack , beware . it'll happen in your own backyard . : ninja : flirting is an lovely awful thing with an entp , you guys have such great chemistry but your ... welp , i'm a little miffed that drunk parrot didn't give me a seductive invite to this party . i missed a lot of it ! entps are really fun friends for an infj . your humor leaves us laying on the ... fi doms have issues with ignoring their te and relying on their fi too much . without te there's no way of getting fresh values into their mind to refresh their fi . this makes it very hard for them to ... no idea what the thread is about but i don't like jb . he's a terrible person for spitting on his fans , street racing and other disgusting acts . if mbti is ever to be taken seriously as a part of psychology this type of thinking needs to stop as it breeds confusion and mistyping . what's the point of mbti if everything is wide open and ... maybe you could explain this in a little more detail but from what i am understanding , you're talking about having difficulty talking about emotions with others ? i've often found it hard to ... when you patiently listen to te rants waiting for them to get to the point , whilst also trying to silently predict the rest of what they have to say . i have to stop myself from finishing others ... souls with a side of fries . ti / fe users will tend to think that objects are tools for their , ( or others ) use , otherwise there's little to no interest in said object . it took me a little while to come to this realization and it ... it's some where in those walls of text > < here's the short version ... fi-ne doesn't require the extra step of interacting with a mental fabrication like ni-fe . the ni-fe user is logically aware ... just to make it clear , i have nothing against xnfp having sympathy towards objects . if it makes you take care of the object i can't see it as a bad thing . what ever your personality type is i hope ... i'm not being lazy i'm being respectful to the original intentions of the thread . you obviously were unaware that the conversation was derailing the thread and posted yet another reply . the proper ... can it be measured in your case ? this is getting off topic and your arguement is litered with flaws . start another thread in general discussion and i will join you there . eh ? i don't think your definition of science is accurate . you should take your theory to the nts and ask them what they think . what did i just read ? this made very little sense to me . physical objects do not retain memory or feelings . they are inanimate objects lacking emotion , thought or even a nervous system . being nice to an object does not ... i'm not sure ? as far as i can see gender effects the places we commonly frequent very little . the places we frequent are there because the satisfy our functions in some way . so if you strip away the ... seems like a good business to go into as cannabis is finally being legalized in north america . there should be a massive market opening up for it . if i don't end up producing these for sale i'll ... i have a small spacecase 4 piece titanium , it's been working for 3 years now with no faults besides getting gummed up too fast and knocking off the goodies from the material . plastic won't be ... i'm currently into designing my own herb grinder . it's being built like a tank and shouldn't have the short falls of other designs . i finally picked up pokemon x again and i've been loving it so ... i feel more comfortable with introverted intuitives than feelers . inxx are by far the easiest to get along with for me since it's easy to find common interests . ni is constant . it makes up the very fabric of my inner world , something i cannot escape , for it is me and we are one . it's like a dream world , where fantastic things come to life and are killed ... yeah , sps ... i have the worst conversations with sps as i typically have little or no knowledge on the subjects they're interested in . they also have a habbit of poking at you to test you and ... sensors have a hard time with intuitive ideas , it makes them use their inferior and tertiary functions . beyond it being hard for them , they just aren't intrested in it as their se / si functions point ... as a more ti biased infj my reading is mostly technical . i spend hours and hours on forums discussing / reading different technical topics . i do also do a lot of ficition reading when i'm into it , ... the video is meant to make you question your thinking / feeling processes . do you truely feel for the little lamp , or is it just your imagination creating a mental illusion ? i really don't see it as ... this is what i was trying to get at with my posts , it's just not something that an infj would do regularily . we're aware of our thoughts so trying to fool ourselves into emotionaly reacting to an ... i agree with this , but i feel like the emotions generated by ni-fe are not as intense as those that have been generated by fe-se . the knowledge that i've fabricated the entire thing in my head breaks ... step one : place person infront of you step two : stare into person's eyes step three : ? ? ? ! ! ! ? ? ? step four : person feels as though you've stripped them naked to the core . emotionally unavailable ? i'm with an intp right now and she has plenty of emotions for me . her lack of emotional extremes and tilt towards ti logic makes for a stable partner i can relax around ... ni-fe can project into the world but it's not the same as when you have a genuine emotional response to a person , is it ? . you might have a partial feeling towards the inanimate object through ... you felt sorry because someone else could use the apple , you thought that it's wasteful for someone to throw away an apple . you're reacting to the actions of people , but not actually generating ... i explained things with an edit just as you posted to me this is an fe motive to help someone out , not so much to help the lamp out . if you wanted to save the lamp because you felt it was a ... relationships are about communicating your feelings to the other person . if you don't tell them how you feel then how can there be any relationship ? ~ 8/ 10 relationship questions that pop up on this ... i don't have any feelings for inanimate objects at all . they're just objects , they have no feelings . this commercial sums up everything nicely . if ... '