' intp mascot could be the brain bug from starship troopers . i think this actually has a lot more to do with it than circadian cycle . i always fall asleep best when i feel accomplished . if there are things in my life that need fixing and i'm not doing ... 188530 1885 38 took these in new york harbor on a very foggy day in may 2014 . it's a schooner from spain . look closely and you can see the crew wearing orange immersion suits . going under the ... i don't know . just kinda get a similar feeling from most of the pictures . i think i'm beginning to see an infp look . i'm totally the black sheep of my family . it's all passive though , not a lot of conflict , just the sense of being / thinking on a different level . it's great that you have friends , darlingwildflower , ... that's a good one . warning : this is just a rant so if you want meaningful material , look elsewhere . so i know i'm a couple weeks late but i just finished watching the last season of how i met your mother and ... ... freud would have something to say about this . oh my god , you guys : silk âx80x93 interactive generative art seriously . dosto yevsky i agree we're still an extremely young species very much controlled by instinct . thankfully we have a bit of extra brain nowadays to pretend otherwise . shoreline yes , i think each ... you forgot to add this : rainy mood - ish means ' kind of ' or ' partly ' . he should have added this to his post : gotta love clint eastwood . agreed , everyone has pretty cool voices . good thread mee 2 . i love playing around with this thing . vocaroo | voice message although most people can tell you what they think they want , it usually plays out differently in the real world . basically it's difficult for a subject to examine itself . also , you may have ... some sort of audio library by infps would be an interesting project . poems , short stories , monologues , etc . that's the sound it makes when i hug someone . i get mine from intps r us . let's keep this lighthearted . so far in my short experience with life in this world i've discovered a few things . traveling and experiencing new cultures is humbling and it opens and broadens ... here's another one of me with better recording equipment . link i know i'm not going to win so i'll just give up now lest this thread run away on a tangent . very nice . i especially like the term meatworld vocaroo | voice message 0100010 0110 1001 0110111 0 0110001 01110010 0111001 0010 1100 0010 00 0111000 0110 0101 0111001 0 0110100 0 0110001 0111000 0111 0011 0011 1 stop speaking so many languages . just stop . i'm overwhelmed with jealousy . being stagnant ; not having an important goal to work towards . i feel like shit when i feel like there's nothing meaningful going on in my life . i think a man only needs one thing in life . he ... i do the best in those rare moments when i'm able to turn my inner monolog down and just act as if the person was just a friend . it's difficult but it works for me . no way . i've seen nothing but sincere posts from dosto since i started visiting this forum . ;) i often see a post i want to respond to . here's what ensues : 1 - write up a couple paragraphs 2 - decide i don't like the way it sounds 3 - rewrite a couple sentences 4 - decide the whole thing is ... there's a pm coming your way ... 101378 this is fucking hilarious . this is one of a few quotes that really stuck with me . this is amazing , people : this + this = chill as you have never chilled before : woahdude metaphor i think you look borderline psychopathic happy . like , straightjacket happy . in a good way . ( it's not an insult , i have a strange affection toward weird , creepy things . not that you're ... my rammstein senses are tingling . i rarely use emoticons and i'm a grammar nazi . teh post diddn't make me cry ether : wink :: sad :: confused :: wink :: wink : most people who have heard of rammstein think they're just some crazy german rock band , but their lyrics are extremely poetic . here's a translation of one of their songs . at first you think it's ... i know , i know . i was just helping him practice ... sarcasm ? of course i agree with you , now i feel bad . my intention was not to mock you amir.daaee . if it was real life i'd give you the ol ' ... cute is sexy . touché step one , learn to use proper grammar . step two , there is no answer . you just go try something and you fuck it up . then next time you fuck up a little less . soon enough you'll be a pro at being ... it's called being a human . if you didn't size situations up , you'd let a bear come up and swipe your face off . that being said , we also have the ability to realize we're doing things . accept the ... you weren't put into the infp category , an infp label was put onto you . the types are used to generally group somewhat similar people together , not show you a manual to what you are . you look more like a film noir red to me . ^ these remind me of an old flash game where you go to these weird planets made out of trees and stuff solving puzzles . i can't remember what it was called but it looked a lot like these pictures . father of dragons yes there's a lot of responsibility . in my particular position i am in charge on the bridge for 8 hours of the day . i'm also frequently the only one supervising cargo ... my living situation is complex atm . i work on ships , 3 months on , 3-4 on , 3-4 months off . since i graduated college , my vacations have consisted of a couple weeks here , a month there , a few weeks ... i'm the same as the op . i like to get my thoughts going again and my senses warmed up . i'm usually pretty good in emergencies . not directly , but i've felt pretty shitty about a situation once or twice . if i could just skip straight to grandchildren that'd be great . i can't ... '