' i'm a straight a student with pretty much no effort . it's all thanks to my freakishly good memory . yep sounds like me this is so wrong that i don't even know what to say . i bolded the correct parts . i'm not mean , you're just sensitive : tongue : try bmxing , it's awesome those are called axioms and are necessary to make progress in some fields stupidity is you i hate sports . i don't even find them remotely entertaining . i bmx though , it's a lot more fun . no rules , just having fun and practicing on your own time with friends . i don't hide my true self what is this maybe ints but not ents ideal you real you introversion | 16 % 23 % extroversion | 70 % | 63 % intuitive | 70 % | 66 % ... that doesn't sound much like me . i don't know but being narcissistic is a pretty good feeling . : laughing : cool story bro well i have an enfp friend and she likes my jokes fine so don't worry . nfs really aren't that sensitive . although you should avoid joking about her faith . unless you make a joke like i couldn't ... all the nts those are both good points . but from debate are important skills like analyzing , judging , adapting , etc . all in a speedy flow , it certainly requires intelligence i have an intj sister and we get along great . edit : wait fuck just realized how creepy that sounds in a topic about dating it's not a scam i love you . debating is usually my way of testing people's intelligence . i've never met someone better at debate than me i find it hard as well . i currently have convinced myself that i am the smartest human in the world . logically i see fault in this statement , but it's too hard to let go of the belief . plus i'm a ... to kill myself would be to kill all the hope humanity has because boasting helps give her the external validity her ego needs . i bet you really did enjoy terrorizing little children lol what a selfish , egotistical person you are ! helping people because it makes you feel good ! : laughing : ahh , the age old belief that gpa is somehow correlated with intelligence . may i direct you to the following quote ? in the educational context , a person ’ s intelligence is often equated with their ... i'm an entp and i'm sexy that sounds like a load of bs to me you sound very defensive and insecure and you also seem a bit elitist and unintelligent . i'd make death die . learn how evolution works then try again haha that's what i thought too read the thread wrong , snip what exactly are you trying to prove with this ? do explain . i always have the best comebacks . however sometimes people get their ego damaged too much and try to fight me ... not really . there is nothing preventing genetic mutations from being positive . we see bacteria become immune to various antibiotics all the time . evolution at work . humans have been slowly ... thanks for avoiding my argument not that , i mean the whole system of positive genetic mutations outliving and replacing base genes . you know , evolution . evolution does not assume that there is no omniscient creator of the ... how can you reject the very concept of evolution ? do you not believe in genetics as well ? there is no way evolution as a system can be refuted unless you don't believe in genetics , which would be ... i verbally castrate everyone who attempts to bully me . i agree so much ingested anally ? god you sound like such an arrogant snob . consider buying a gun , and i'm not talking about for use on others . you sound like the type of person i would want to shoot in the face . stop being such a nagging controlling egotistical idealistic piece of shit hermoine is probably an isfj my mom is an isfj but she's understanding at least . although she's pretty much the exact opposite of me . i act slightly different around different people , but it's not to hide anything . its because i'm at various stages of relationship with each person and they all have different senses of humor . i can ... same for me . right here ! 10char not irl , but on here i have obviously '