' dreams : mine are either very mundane or incredibly bizarre . i dream a lot about ghosts ... past lives ( which i'm not sure i really believe in ) ... precognitive dreams ( usually only about the people ... not my best , but i still love it because i think it's sweet and it was a miracle that i captured it at all . ( these are my neighbor's cattle . i took it last easter ) . ... i used to love reading the ya classics by lucy maud montgomery and louisa may alcott . i was hooked on the victorian / edwardian eras and just a simpler time . it was the slower pace of life , having a ... - people listening only to respond with their own unrelated thoughts . - small talk - my know-it-all , condescending brother . ( even though he really is funny ) . - loud noises - people on ... it's like you wrote down my exact thoughts , missinfj . you must be my twin . : tongue : oh , absolutely . it's the small talk and facades that drive me bonkers . which is why i detest even the smallest family gatherings so much , especially during the holidays because i know they're ... honestly , i just try to be invisible because i really have difficulty living side by side with other humans . : tongue : but i would say that i'm both a dreamer and damned realistic . i'm ... i am so sick of my mother always arguing and belittling my father . i get it that she's unhappy in her marriage and that decades and decades of listening to his negativity has rubbed off on her , ... cool ! personally , i couldn't even begin to guess . ( i'm still trying to type some of my family ) . i love the emily series . i think i like it a little more than the anne books . which kind of ... mine was far too long so i deleted it . i'll come back later ... i'm not sure there is a point to life , to us personally . ( as in the soul lives after death ) . maybe we're just part of a bigger picture we can't understand . in the long run , maybe we don't mean ... - so i love my mother , but she drives me nuts sometimes . ( and has no clue because - of course - i keep my feelings to myself because whenever i dare to share them i'm told i'm being negative . oh , ... i'm getting really tired of picking my battles - aka avoiding them because they're always started by someone else - and walking on eggshells around particular people . i hate conflict , but i also hate ... well i finally did it . i made the decision not to go to my niece's graduation party today . it broke my heart , but i did it for myself . it's my way of coming to terms with everything . which i ... she really complains to me the most . ( probably because i listen and we have such a strong bond ) . my brother mentioned that to her the one time , but that's no surprise because his fuse is very short ... a little help , please ? a while back my mother took the test . we think her result was enfp or enfj . she keeps saying she wants to know what her type is , but she hasn't taken the test again ... so ... people , even strangers , are getting on my very last nerve today ... my internet is being extremely slow and taking me to the wrong pages ... and tonight i'm worried about my dog . quick question : ... my brother and his wife are coming over tomorrow . ( for some reason my brother thinks his very presence is a balm to the soul ) . i dread seeing him . i am not a fan of him . while he can be really ... i can't wait to read everyone's ! ( which might have to wait . our internet is s-l-o-w out here in the boonies ) . here's mine . i might chicken out and delete it in a bit , but for now ... the ... it's the only place where i can express my thoughts without being judged . in daily life i keep e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g to myself , and it doesn't take long for that permanent silence to get to me . sounds silly , but when i won a radio contest once the dj told me i was the sweetest caller he's ever had , and then after i hung up he asked the traffic / helicopter guy .. didn't she have a wonderful ... i like the simplicity of decorations for valentine's day , but it's message should be present in our daily lives and not only one day a year . what i'm not a fan of is the commercialism of it . i ... 2015 is starting out horribly . - my grandmother has been told she has an aneurism in her brain . - my aunt's husband has a tumor in his kidney . - my father lost his job today , even though he ... took this one last week . i love taking photos of the moon when it isn't full . i like seeing the details ... well , what i feel like - because it is true - is that no one knows the real me . ( my mother understands me better than anyone , but she still doesn't really know me . she only thinks she does ) . my ... not a fan of annoying house guests . over new years we had to dogsit for my brother and his wife - again - and it wasn't a picnic . lots of messes to clean up . ( which we keep to ourselves . we never ... exactly ! this is so true . pretending to agree ... it's exhausting and it does lead to resentment . - when someone asks my opinion , and i know they won't like an honest answer , so i'm forced to lie ( which i hate ) because i don't wish to hurt their feelings or have them get angry with me . - when ... i think that my mother understand me pretty well . not 100 % , but close enough . the rest of the family ... not sure they ever think about it . my siblings , especially my sister , are pretty ... absolutely ! i think i just landed on the wrong planet . : tongue : it's everyone else that's in a fog , only they're not conscious of it because all that extroversion and small talk overpowers it .  ... reading this has made me laugh because it's so true . only the other day my mother told me that i don't understand how much certain people - an aunt and uncle in particular - adore me . that they ... not too much , but i have to say that when my niece and nephew were little i was the best aunt to them . those two kids were the loves of my life ! ! ! it was a magical time . i miss it like you ... the first time i took the test was a looong time ago , when my father brought the test home from work . ever since then i've taken the test 3 or 4 times total . every single time i've gotten infj . exactly ! i live with someone like this . i love them more than anything , but they have no clue that they're always playing the victim . ( someone actually told them this before , and it made them so ... i go through periods of having pretty normal dreams ( which is how it is now ) , while at other times ... weird . i'll have dreams about outer space , other planets ( to the point where i can't even put ... i took this photo with my new camera the other night . ( this is the smaller version of the pic , but i love ... i love reading other people's blogs , but i gotta confess that i'm tiring of those ' picture perfect ' sites . i'm just not buying it . : tongue : ( although i usually try to catch up on them every once in ... the ghost and mrs . muir portrait of jennie rebecca i'd rather be rich harvey she couldn't say no defending your life mother finding neverland miss potter always pondering the meaning of life . umm ... a lot ? quite a lot . actually , all the time . i probably talk to myself - and my pets - more than i do other people . this is gonna be a long one ... lord knows i love my mother more than anyone , but she's draining the life out of me . 24/7 she complains about how miserable she is with her life and my father . ... a video my mother shared with me , of a wedding in ireland . it is quite possibly the sweetest gesture i've ever seen a person display . there really are some good ... feeling a little annoyed and frustrated tonight . growing up , i thought my family was pretty normal but as an adult i know that isn't true . my father is a sociopath . ( took years for me to accept ... crying : pretty much never , although for a while i did cry almost every night . ( not that anyone ever knew . no way would i allow that ) . not much frightens me , but intimidation ... you bet . as ... i'll have to have a proper thinking over to give an in depth answer , but for the moment ... something along the lines of a dolphin that's been thrust into the rainforest to live and try to blend in ... this is one of my favorites by sulamith wulfing . it would take too long to explain just why it ... one of my dogs , which really is a huge cuddler . 90111 she behaves more like a human newborn than a dog . she's so sweet and so unique that i want the little darling cloned . : tongue : kristin jack randall in the outlander series by diana gabaldon . he's evil . '