' i did a form like this before umm so i just turned 16 and i am seeing my psychiatrist on tuesday . i have been seeing a therapist for about 8 months and she thinks it would be a good idea to take some ... i any of you been on paxil before for anxiety or depression ? ? ? please tell me how you responded to it obama is i think is definitely a intj ahhh ! ! that sounds just like me ! that is crazy . were you officially diagnosed with it ? ? i agree . and since we have such complex inner beliefs and we can't express them . i think that would fuck anybody up . yes / no , experiences , numbs emotion ? , helps you socially ? please let me know what you have been through with them ? ? ? to never find true love and to never find my true meaning or purpose . i am afraid to die without achieving anything and without impacting others in a positive way . ah i still have a paper to write about socialism , a test to study for about electronic configuration ! but i just can't do it ! ! ! it does sound as if there are a lot of cons to taking anxiety medication , but i am still a bit undecided . if there is a chance that i can open up my inner realm of mind and ideas i would really ... thanks so much everyone ! my anxiety is really not that extreme at all . i get really afraid of peoples judgements of my , so it is difficult to let my personality fully out to others . my social life ... i recently signed a form that let my psychologist talk to my psychiatrist ( shit i'm becoming more fucked up ) anyway she suggested medication for my anxiety . i am already on meds for my add . what ... i have these same issues you . i think i am going to go on anxiety medication soon . for the 23 % of you out there with no disorders , know that i am so jealous of you . no worries i have two of those :p i have noticed that a lot of infps tend to have a pretty wide array of psychiatric disorders . i think that this site is a cool , open place and i was curious about how common disorders really are ... just try to wait it out and try to find something positive in your life . i was feeling this exact same way 6 hours ago . you just have to bring your mind to something bright and hopeful . - hypersensitive - yes , but i usually keep it to myself - unable to get a work = yes - shy - yea , kinda more anxious , it really depends on the situation - pathetic - i definitely wouldn't call ... i agree i think you sound more infp . first off head vs heart is thinking versus feeling and in your isfp vs infp descriptions you sound like you are a caring person . i think that the biggest ... thanks so much everyone for your comments , she is transferring sunday . i am just so anxious about seeing her idk why , i just dont know what to expect . i definitely would want to change the world . i don't think i need to really save it , because it isn't in complete utter turmoil . but i would definitely want to change many , many things about it . my ... in a week , one girl who i have a long history with is transferring to my high school . she has taken advantage of me too many times and we are on terrible terms right now . she is transferring from ... i really think that being a doctor would be tough for an infp . it is nice to help people . but it is one of those careers where unless you own the hospitial , it is all about following the rules and ... yes ! that is like the perfect description of how i feel . yes ! i always try to hold engaging conversations about grades , or the weather or whatever , it usually ends in awkward silence due to my extreme lack of interest in the conversation . but start up a ... i think that people generally overlook the passion that infps hold within . i don't know about the rest of you , but when i get excited or passionate about something , i feel so thrilled and inspired ... i hate being judged in any way and get freaked out by any labels placed on me . but i think that i might be so afraid of judgement because i judge people a bit too harshly sometimes . i have a huge ... i have the same thing too ! ! i think i am just so afraid to open up to people because i am afraid they will not understand or appreciate my emotional depth and sensitivity . ughh its annoyinh i love personality type i am obsessed with looking at college i want to move to portland i am awkward i get way too intense in debate yes ! ! ! they are truly the best . whenever i get them i feel aas if my world is so beautiful and perfect that nothing can every shatter it . i have add and a lot of similar symptoms . i am very impulsive , procrastinate , somewhat hyperactive , difficulty focusing . my biggest issue with focusing is that i have such scattered thoughts ... out of 5 ( 5 being the best ) , how much do the infp descriptions describe you as a person . i think this has been done before , but i think this is interesting my dreams and goals are what really keep me going through my day to day life . haha they are pretty specific and idealistic but i love them . ok here is my little dream . in 10 years i want to have ... infj ! really any nf would make me happy i am terribly disorganized i agree . i think they are brilliant and really interesting , but feelings are really important to us . it would be a tough relationship because feeling is their worst function and thinking is ours ... well i would say the ones i know are extremely outgoing and strong socially . they are usually pretty strong willed . the ones i know are pretty loud . i dont know if you know anyone who is really ... i am completely in love with a guy from my history class last year . i some him at a party but otherwise i haven't seen him at all , but ever since i have loved him so fucking much . reaally really ... if i am really attracted to someone , i just tease them , and stare at them hahah kinda creepy . but i have to tease them because i am too afraid to do anything else i agree cartman : entj kyle : enfj i think stan is just pretty average and low key stan : estp dwight : huge istj jim : entp micheal : isfj kelly : esfp i am sorry but i really doubt the month you are born in a . k . a the time your parents decided not to use protection has anything to do with your personality . and astrologys just changed their times . i ... i want to be some sort of writer . i could completely picture myself in a coffee shop living somewhere in the northwest just writing my thoughts away haha probably awkward staring . umm idk suttle things to show i like you . the people that i am not attracted to i will probably talk to more they are definitly out there , i know like 5 . they are also not too difficult to spot because they are so extraverted i was just curious what the most common stage in life is for infps on this forum i have it ummm and it is really annoying to deal with it . you can pay alot of money to get diagnosed and stuff . and then you can pay more money to get meds . idk if i would suggest that or not though i prefer therapy a lot more , but meds probably make a bigger difference . the meds change your brain chemicals , while a therapist is more for figuring out what your issues are and talking it out with ... always a night owl ! i often cant fall asleep before 1 am . idk why i decided to take early bird chemistry that starts at 7 . but whatever i agree with you i am really against the death penalty , sort of also jail for life . i think people commiting mass murders should not be sent to jail , but to a mental institution because i think they ... yea it's such a bad quality but i really struggle finishing things i want to do well on my finals so badly , but it is just so impossible for me to focus ! does anyone else have the issue of needing to get things done in the last minute . if i do things ahead of ... '