' 1v1 me rite now . let's settle this with our fists ! : b i feel confused , torn , and worried . maybe even a little heartbroken . just lost in my feelings and don't know if it's just me or what . most of all just tired . have a good new years everyone . scared . the only thing that i really would want to change is not being absolutely terrible in school , but at the same time every little thing leads up to our present . the present isn't so bad , and mistakes ... i'm a son of a gun . i'm the outcome of cum . warning : some of it is nsfw xd i loved using facebook to talk to people using the messenger but since dating and facebook got involved i have deactivated it because it just causes me a lot more stress and another outlet to get ... dealing with a shitty breakup :( 59702 i've learned to be quite confident ! my secret ? develop a terribly big ego about yourself ;D i mean people see an ego as a bad thing normally , but that's cause they see the negative sides to it . you ... don't do it , dude ^ - ^ you just gotta find your passion , and stop caring what other people think . you say you're a poor excuse for a male , but there's no such thing . that's prolly just dickheads ... haha good luck ! : 3 i actually suck terribly at studying / homework . i'm taking a biology class at my college ( microbiology ) and i've gone through 10 chapter's worth of information without opening the ... i got a 76 : 3 thank you for doing this ! i would have to say yes , i would ! i'm my own soul mate , and yes i'm actually very egotistical ! i'd be on my own ass all the time telling me to get my homework done and help ... hey guys , i'm niveus ! i'm curious as to what your favorite cute / romantic song you've heard or enjoyed . the reason i'm asking is i want some more sources because i'm making a mix cd for my ... bad mood : edit : reason ~ super upbeat overly happy music to cheer me up : 3 good mood : i saw you mackin on that hella fine girl ! my nigga's got swag ! 5036850369 this is my precious little kitten ; he's a sweetheart : 3 ermahgerd ! i always got that a ton during my freshman year of highschool ! people always thought i was super straight edge and innocent ~ i mean i still do get it , but not as much as that year . @ . @ all ... hehehe , well that depends on which kind of button you're talking about ! there's electronic buttons , phone buttons , pointless buttons , clothes buttons , and my favorite : belly buttons ! ! : kitteh : i have to say , i'm actually pretty vain when it comes to physical attraction . but again we're just talking physical attraction and not emotional attraction because the two are very different and ... the last time america has had a draft was back in the vietnam war which ended in 1975 . that's pushing 35 years ago , and honestly i don't see anyone bringing in another draft unless there's like a 3rd ... hehe , i'm a bro c : ahaha , aim and formspring sound like really short replies back and forth xd i'm more into larger paragraphs haha but yeah , i found that there are considerably more female on the site i use than ... i'm an infp that roleplays ! :D * squee ! * i use gaiaonline's forums though haha i also don't know if it's any rarer that i'm a guy too o . o beats me haha ? i use it to rp ( roleplay ) in forums o . o writing and stuff , making pretty costumes , stuff like that haha of what i've tried , most drugs didn't seem to really effect me that much ex . weed , ecstasy , adderal / ritalin . but i like to drink , though not beer . the taste is always bad unless it's like mike's hard ... my first word was pizza haha i was a fat baby xd oh dude , hells yeah , i can see that xd thanks though , i should find a really good artist who has free time and ask them to try to do it ; o surf deviant or gaiaonline for this unknown person > . < ahah , thanks , they're practically my trademark ; o i used to have a magenta-purple light hoodie , but i lost it on a trip to montana i think : c it was so groovy ! you kinda need guts to pull off the ... i like to be colorful > . < bondage intrigues me xp i'm a bit of a masochist and i like d / s i dunno , i like being a victim i guess o . o hehe also , i like girls with short hair xd eh , i think it's more of a case by case thing . me personally i'm an over-flirt . if i show any interest for the person that is . if not then i'm very cold . and by over-flirt i mean i go so bold that it ... for me , i did shrooms one time , i had a completely awful trip . at first it was rather mellow and just got darker and worst till i was hiding in bed and no difference happened between opening and ... i disagree with the person who says that hitler is unable to be typed . if i went and started killing people would that no longer make me an infp . do you think that he was always messed up since ... you got my hugs brother infp ! ahaha , i get what you're feeling , a bit . it's hard to hide your emotions from other guys , in fact i was bedridden today and yesterday because my stress and emotions went ... i definetly wasn't judging her as a potential dating female too . it's more of a curiosity killed the cat type of thing . i responded to a post in a forum by her . i'll put the entire short talk down ... this happens to me all the time , it's weird o . o yeah , i'm an extremely aggressive driver . i'll see someone going fast ahead of me and i'll either speed up and match their speed or pass them xd i even keep up with my friend's corvette in my little ... hmmm , doesn't sound impossible . but what about ecstasy , cause that didn't work either @ . @ i can agree actually with your vision . and i actually really like the part quoted above . not to be a ham or anything , but i actually hold all of those things highly on my scale of personal ability ... maybe i'm more oblivious then i give myself credit for , but i don't really see these people who are too meek to ask a girl out or see females as superior and that whole thing . maybe most people in ... yeah , i'd have to thank you for putting it in a more nice way , cause obviously you can't convince people if you insult them or make them feel like crap . but put that way , it's a lot more agreeable ... a year ago i went to the doctor because i was certain that i had add by looking at symptoms and my unproductivity , and i got prescribed ritalin , but the funny thing is i didn't really take it . so ... so , i was having a conversation ( which was more like a written rape ) with this person on another site , and her post was the one italicized below . honestly i want to hear whether anyone agrees with ... highschool for me is ( present tense ) rather irritating . most of the kids are so wrapped up in their own little worlds of friendship and drama that they don't really appear to care about their ... eon : dragon reborn by alison goodman sharp objects by gillian flynn walf tower , wolf star , wolf queen , and wolf wing all by tanith lee l'amber by tanith lee stargirl by jerry spinelli the ... this is exactly what i think ! and it does suck getting the friend zone , that's where i end up most of the time because i'd rather get to know a person then date and other people preffer to date , have ... what about d.gray - man ? there are only like two girls in that entire manga / anime lol i suppose the side characters and such i guess . or you should try mushishi , it's more on the artistic side and ... an infp is like a sloth , moving at our own pace . led by our dreams hiding our true face , that fills our mind to the seams . yes we analyzing everything we quoth . ( by far not my best but i ... '