' i absolutely love that movie ! everything , especially when he decides to cuddle with her instead of make love . wow , i thought i was the only person here who liked it . haha :) / salute do you play wow ? haha , sorry just had to mention it due to the slash before verb . i think the men are just coy ... since theres that stereotype of how most just wanna get in our pants anyways so perhaps many of them are trying to show respect by avoiding that area . but isn't it a ... he does tell you but it really depends on you're willingness to know him and know yourself through him . the point of being a christian isn't about following religious rituals but keeping a healthy ... aww rogue , i'm sorry that you're being treated this way . but to be honest , some people only change after a terribly situation beyond themselves occur . and besides , you sound way too good for him . i practice forgiveness too , but there comes a point where it becomes intolerable anymore . i guess you just have to learn when to stop . aela , i just hope you don't get to a point where you become so bitter that it's discouraging to see good in humans . i know that's a natural trait i have and it has been a disadvantage as well ( being ... we're candid , alright . i think it just boils down to protecting someones dignity . i do it all the time , even if i could easily get back at them for being injust or inconsiderate to me , but i don't ... no , no . you're not weird but i do think you're more p since p's are capable of taking in so many things . it seems as if they tend to float above the situation or monitor it as several dialogues are ... that's so true about the introverted sensing . my little isfj girl friend does that quite often . as an ni it's kind of intriguing to watch them describe the events of their woes . it's like they put ... well , i think he's angry with me or tired for that matter . there was alot of exchanges in the beginning via text most of which were misunderstandings and it's gotten pretty bad since ... and due to ... well , i know you've stated that you prefer honest communication with each person involved in the relationship , but since nobody can read minds , and assumption is the closest thing you can get to ... nice ! i have the same knack with dancing . it comes to me so easily . perhaps its because infjs are sensitive to the sounds , emotions , and expression with music ? on my multiple intelligence test it ... a nonmonogamous relationship is called polyamory , and i too , am too sensitive for a nonmonogamous relationship . unless i willed to deny myself and give too much of myself away without reflecting on ... very insightful ! thank you :) i thought you were just one of those enfps that ran away because you were scared or freaked out about his insecurities raining on your parade . but how could an enfp so ... does this apply to every guy ? i got into a bit of a tiff with someone . complicated situations , won't dwelve into it , but now he's ignoring me . sits right next to me in class ( im in college by the ... oh , i think i've got an idea of what you're thinking but i'm not quite sure ... my intuition is a little off today ( lol ) : tongue : touche . it stings oh so very hard when your affection and ... ouch . ... horribly screwed ? in what sort of ways ? after reading all the men's top 5 and their willingness to help someone struggling ... i can say the same for wanting an infj boyfriend . : wink : in most of the relationships i've heard of , not one ... wow i've never heard of this before . sounds interesting though . thanks for sharing : happy : . i'am also into mma and cycling . really nice to know that infjs are an active bunch :) i've heard that intps ... personally ... i get along with all of these types on a deeper level than your average hangout-buddy , but there's one that always topples over the other in terms of core relations . they are ( 1 ... i lived in the city growing up , a very urban one ... but the level of adventures were similar . even as an adult , i still need to play outside . i find it quite funny how your boyfriend thinks its ... deliciously defined . hehe : laughing : especially adventurous . wow , we infjs are quite the lovers , yeah ? makes sense . i struggle with insecurities too but they're primary concerning the condition of my heart ... so i was a little concern . but thanks for the clarification ! : wink : no problem . i just love the aspect of using my legs since i'm a pretty fast runner ... and my arms are scrawny and hands rather tiny and pathetic ... but what's nice is that i can shoot swooping perfect ... oh i've definitely tried it . its almost like soccer or any sport with a sole object and opponents . so clumsy that i even watch my own fork fall to the ground before realizing it just fell ... then again , it's something i could write :) but yeah i'm pretty darn clumsy ... funny thing is , it'll hurt ... i really liked your answers too ! i thought about putting tall , conformist ( dislike ) , and antisocial ( dislike ) but thought it would have been too much of an expectation . thanks for breaking the ice ! ... i was thinking about putting down alot of the things you said but made them simpler :D - totally concur with affection , warm eyes , intellect , and serious and playfulness ( although that's my personal ... mine's would have to be ... top 5 characteristics : 1 ) integrity 2 ) humility 3 ) quiet strength 4 ) open-minded 5 ) compassionate top 5 physical attributes : sequel to the top 5 things men prefer in women , i decided to make a thread for the men to view . a thanks for helping infj women understand what it is that you desire . : wink : top 5 characteristics ... seems rather moderate / at ease considering the tension has calmed from the previous misconceptions . and yeah i do know what you mean in terms of getting a negative energy , but sometimes it could be a ... everything you written totally described my female isfj friend . struggles and all , but i totally know where youre coming from since i've encouraged her to speak up as well :) thank you ! some characteristics , behaviors , physical attributes ? do they overdrink ? act out despite their true nature to be accepted ? are they gung-ho ? very focused on obtaining material things and pleasure ... most of them applied to me ... i guess it depends on the infj . the only thing that didn't correspond was 5 ... but then again , i'm not one whose too concerned about acquiring money . as someone else said , ... 9 out of 10 for me . : wink : although im not an isfj , from reading the first post on this thread , it appears that the possibly isfj girl has some insecurities and fear of having those insecurities trifled with . anger might rouse ... also , i get the romantic notion that i'm a hero embarking on a quest ... can't explain it but the physical activity serves as a platform for my imagination . i guess it varies from person to person but have a tendency to run about excitedly when i'm exposed to the great outdoors or a large empty area i can play in . i also love the thrill of soccer ( the ... went out with an entp once . let's just say it was the most taxing relationship ever ... even though i wanted to be there for the entp , there were certain things about him that made me feel like i was ... simply put it , yes . i've been told i'm able to display this interesting balance of seriousness and playfulness . personally , my take on things would be seeking wisdom with a childlike heart ( not to be ... when people seem to only talk about their agendas , achievements , and other social endeavors . nothing wrong with doing so but it comes to a point where it seems like those are the only things they are ... second oldest of four but i seem like the oldest ... he stated mission trips , so i'm guessing he is :) nope , you're not the only one . in middle school i was known as the trancequeen ( sort-of ) . i could identify almost a dozen different styles pertaining to the dj . i loved ( and still do ) ... hey sln , simply put it--i'am a believer in christ , too . and i've heard that story as well . your view in having a desire to know god instead of trying to convince others that something is truth is on ... aela , i believe this thread was meant for men who love women , thus all information given would obviously be categorized under a heterosexual man . as for the women and myself ( who love men ) , ... '