' take this with a grain of salt ( i suppose ? ) but this is the account and tbh it seems pretty reliable to me . from the account , i basically get : 1 . luhan is the type of person to have one dream ... this . i have been confused about this with luhan for a while . this is also why i'm hesitant about typing bts ' jin as 6w7 isfj even though that's my gut instinct for him ( there's either some ... oh dear , you're trying to get the mathematician to justify herself in a social science . this is incredibly difficult for me to do , since i can't produce graphs on this . hold up . xiumin i'm 99 % ... italicised - they're not my typings and the person said they were guessing / didn't give 9000 reasons why or why not the person is that type . that's why they're italicised . if there's a general ... i will keep going with this list okay snsd taeyeon enfp 4w3 jessica intj ( is this a guess ? ) shinee key esxp 4w3 jungkook ( i think ) is another intuitive of some sort . he's really difficult to type for me , i think he hides a lot of his personality ( he reminds me a bit of sehun , which suggests infp , but i really ... this is pretty much what i thought when i saw rapmon being typed as an sp ... btw , i'd like to add / to amend to the list : snsd taeyeon enfp 4w3 shinee we should really make a big , organised list here ( at least of the more popular idols ' types ) that people can just copy-paste and edit as they wish . basically you can add to the list or alter ... tabs , tabs , tabs tabs tabs tabs everybody ! in all seriousness i am terrible and i get distracted every 5 seconds that's pretty much the conclusion we came to . we thought 4w5 for sure and i was pretty sure about 6w7 but i thought there was a chance of 7w6 , so i wasn't 100 % on that . i think i'm going to leave ... type 1 - type 2 destiny lund : 2w1 - 7w8 - 9w8 sx / so eliza . peace to you . : 2w1 - 9w1 - 7w6 i dream of a supernova : 2w1 so / sx musicalmeggie : 2w1 - 5w4 - 9w1 aha . now i understand why his se that i saw felt really , really different to chanyeol's se . it was ne all along ! * smacks self on forehead * well , the reason i probably didn't see enfp for him is ... enfp 3w4 ? i agree 100 % on the 3w4 ... but why enfp ? surely , if he was an enfp , he wouldn't piss me off quite so much ? ? ? #whatismylogic but seriously i don't see fi as dom / aux for him , unless his ... nice analysis . i think for tao his mbti ( esfp ) has always been way more obvious than his enneagram . though if he is a type 2 , i have no idea why he would be my bias . that's the part that doesn't ... ooh , a sone ! hi ! i completely agree with enfp 4w3 for taeyeon , btw . kind of explains why she's with ( or ' with ' , depending on which sources you read ... ) baekhyun right now . whether they're in ... me as a child . academics are the only thing i've ever been good at . unless it has put my life in danger or something before , yeah . i have a problem with that . i can't find it , but my evidence for luhan being fe-dom is all the stuff his friend said about what he was like in school . tbh he sounds like my esfj mum in a lot of it / the few esfj and enfj men i ... luhan as istp ? really ? interesting . why do you think he is a ti-dom and not an fe-dom ? chanyeol is estp . the reason he often comes across as j is because he's an enneagram 8w7 , which is more ... this , i believe , is kai's real personality xd this is where , i think , the difference between kai and sehun is its most pronounced . watch it and tell me ... to me : 1 . i could see isfp or infp or enfp for sehun . he is verrry hard to judge , mostly because he's not the type to show his thoughts at all . i have noticed that : - his closest friend in the ... sehun is fi . it's most evident in his interactions with tao ( you should look at taohun posts ) . i thiiink he might be quite ambiverted too . i can definitely see infp but i wouldn't be surprised at ... they have a 90:2014 show , which mostly features xiumin , chen and sehun , i think ? it's pretty good . there's also a surplines show ( ? ) with xiumin , kai , tao , chanyeol and sehun . starting to think ... you know that thing that dumbledore said in harry potter about choosing between what is right and what is easy ? try that , but add what is right for you and what you think is right for everyone ... jarring ? i can't explain it . it's like when someone is an unusual type combination and there's things that don't quite work . here are my exo ( ot10 , 3lazy5following kris and luhan now ) guesses ... also , i've been watching shinee stuff recently and i found myself being really drawn to key . for enneagram , i think he's a 4w3 with either a 471 or a 479 tritype and i'm leaning towards 471 for ... chen : i don't know what it is . i just really see that he is a sort of shining star or inspiration to the rest of the group . i don't think that there's anyone in the group who actively dislikes ... enfj , just about to do a phd in statistics xd we exist omg yay , a type 3 ! i love type 3s . i'm rare among 6s in loving them i think hahahaha i'm 6w7 , 641 ( 6w7 , 4w5 , 1w9 ) tritype , which is apparently the philosopher . i think my sister is 3w4 368 or 378 ... yeah , get a host family . seriously , get a host family . takes a lot of the stress out of going and ensures that you don't have to spend like 3 months of your life learning japanese every day xd ... that's what me and my husband were thinking of doing until we actually went to japan about a month ago . we went on out own , no hosts , just randomly exploring tokyo together with no real plan aside ... i always get put off by spontaneous trips and shit because i am always the one who has to organise them . unless it's just calling someone up and being like pub ? or whatever . i'm always in for that . uhuuu i have been here . i have been here so many times . i call this the rollercoaster conundrum . 1 . ooh ! looks like my friends want to go on the big , shiny rollercoaster . this is going to be fun ! ... imma just come in here with some controversial opinions on exo ... xd firstly , why has nobody got enfp for chen ? 1 . nobody in the group seems to dislike him . if anyone is the ' heart ' or the ... so , how does 6 and 7 work ? xd rainbow esfp husband . can confirm that this is 90 % of our interactions and also roughly what happened when he tried to teach me to play halo . just press the right trigger to shoot and then you get the a ... i've only been on about ... 2 dates , as you'd probably call them ? i mean , i love getting to know people and all that ... but i don't like the formal social construct that's built up around ... i don't care if i lose at just dance to my sister or anything like that , though . individual achievements ? nope , don't care , four stars is cool with me . this is me . this is exactly what i do . i prefer to lead , unless i literally have no idea what i'm doing and / or someone else would be a much better choice than me . usually i prefer to be the smart ... for some reason , nobody ever guesses that i'm actually a mathematician . somehow , they just can't get their head around it . most people i've asked think i did some sort of artsy thing like english ... this is me ( enfj ) and my sister ( enfp ) . we have the best conversations . sometimes , we just sit there making random noises at one another . we sing a lot too . we do have a tendency towards the ... be prepared to laugh 5w6 sp / so and i think i'm a 541 ( none of the other descriptions seemed to fit ... ) who are you ? a 22 year old pink fluffy unicorn procrastinator from hell . i'm a postgrad research student in stats . i also write very bad parodies . people mostly fascinate me and i love being around ... '