' donate / sell my stuff , or let my parents deal with it when i'm gone ? listening to music and waiting for my mom to call . it's getting late . 1/4 of a chocolate pizza , one slice of oat protein bread with liver pate , some puffed rice . i'm thinking of eating some more , but i'm not sure what . i went to the doctor today . it was really difficult to tell him , but i did . i told him about the self-harm and that i've been planning my own suicide . he said he wanted me to talk to someone today , ... from my favorite christmas movie . thank you for sharing . it's not a psychologist . it's the general health doctor ( i don't know what they're called ) . he could refer me to a psychologist , but i'd have to be on a waiting list for a ... well , the appointment with the doctor is tomorrow and i'm ... nothing . i don't know what to tell him anymore . it's too late to cancel . i thought hanging out with some friends would make me feel better . it didn't . i payed attention to the conversations and i wanted to participate , but all i could think about was death . it didn't ... i have an appointment with the doctor next week . there are some physical issues , but the biggest problem is that i'm feeling even worse than before . i've started hanging out at graveyards , trying to ... from page 1456 of breivik's manifest : i remember this . stella mwangi won mgp and went on to eurovision , even though helene bøksle was much better . a lot of people still believe that stella won ... well , maybe they could put them behind glass . it would be a little bit boring , but i guess we wouldn't be allowed to touch them anyway ? they would need a lot of people to donate their bodies . out of curiosity , i let a cut bleed for a long time a few days ago . i held it under warm , running water , and picked on it whenever the bleeding seemed to slow down . it was an interesting experiment ... decided to go for a walk ... bad idea . people everywhere . i think i'll stay inside for the rest of the weekend . got dressed today ! took me more than four hours , but that's okay . probably . thanks for the advice . i'm not sure anymore . - - - why do simple tasks seem like such challenges ? i've spent five hours trying to get dressed . i have to put on some clothes and brush my hair . it feels like an ... i went through some boxes with my old stuff in them , and i found expired chocolate , cat food and antibiotics . the cat food expired in 2012 . i also found a bunch of candy that looks even older , old ... one of these youtube recommendations is not like the others . i could buy a taxidermied bear and put it in the middle of my apartment . there's no real help available and i might as well give up i already know i can't actually make everyone hate me . besides , my later actions would explain why i made them hate me , and then they'd feel bad about hating me and probably even blame themselves . i ... because it's annoying . i don't know enough about anything for that to work . most people don't care about my political opinions . besides , i need a lot of people to hate me , and they all have ... how do you make everyone hate you , without actually hurting anyone ? 38 again . cool , cool . it fits very well with today's date , 7/8- 17 . when i say i'm not good at flirting , i don't mean that i'm awkward or mess up words . i'll straight up change the subject to dead animals . you think i'm cute ? well , look at this dead and rotting deer . i was a really bad friend . so she left , which was a good decision - but then she came back a few years later . now she's doing drugs and we don't have anything in common anymore . i'm trying to be a ... it would've been pretty cool if someone actually offed themselves this way ( and livestreamed it ; otherwise it would just be a waste ) . what are you ... math professor quotes : linear algebra no , i had already justified it . i know . planning on seeing the doctor in august , until then i just want to get by . i was writing a confession about wanting to hurt myself , and i got to the and the only thing stopping me is ... then i realized there was absolutely nothing stopping me , so i went straight to the ... i've been gone for a while , so here are some thoughts from the time i've been offline . it's not worth the read , i just wanted to pour it out . i just had a discussion with a ( male ) friend about ... a week ago , i stopped talking to my friends . i miss them , but all i ever did was bringing them down . i'm tired of being that person . they deserve better ... and so do everyone else . i'm going to take ... how ? probably not , but i don't know how . i tend to share things that i should've kept secret . not really , except that i should probably stay away from forums in general . my statistics textbook is actually pretty cool . they have a lot of interesting examples and comments . my favorite was about the bills of mortality . rising of the lights sounds very mysterious , but ... hah , she had almost convinced me to go to the doctor and get help ! she had made me forget all about the money problem . i would've ended up with no money for food . i'm glad she's gone . i guess i was ... she doesn't want to be my friend anymore . i didn't treat her well enough , i had no respect for her , blah blah blah . the same bullshit as always . she also told me that she can't go around ... pretty much , except that i've seen people at the centrum say some of those things too . edit : you know what , no , i take that back - it's not like the horseshoe theory . the centre isn't any better . i'm talking to people all over the political spectrum , and i have noticed a very worrying trend . most of them say pretty much the same . the only big difference is that they're talking about ... i worked with the sick and injured cats at the shelter today . it's sad to see how much they had been suffering , but it's good to know that they are safe and will get all the care they need ! soon they ... no . i just read what is possibly the most challenging piece of literature i have ever read . there are still some things that do not make sense to me , questions left unanswered ... but it was all very ... names are so weird ... i don't really like names ... sure , they are somewhat practical , but i don't like being reminded that i exist . other people too . calling them their name makes it all feel so ... eyelids are pretty cool . the inside reminds me of a fish . the outside is nice and soft . interesting . the first thing that comes to mind is that a forum is much less important than society as a whole . secondly , the rules on forums tend to be less fair than the laws ( here ) . your last ... '