' i have a technical question : how long can i listen to my ipod through the speakers of my car with the engine turned off before it drains the battery ? will it drain more and more if i do it more than ... all the ladies like me . like , seriously . if i ever want a harem , i could probably do it . if only i was attracted to girls ... you go coco . you need to post a picture of it . :D i knew you'd love it ! i know a lot of you are cat lovers , so i just thought you might enjoy this ... :D i never have been . i always give up the crush eventually when i realize i'm never going to see the person in real life again . 1st time was a boy i was friends with when i was 4 . i had a crush on him ... tell your head you can't lose something you've never had . your head should know that you need a mate just so you can stop looking for one and spend more time on thinking about stuff , so it needs to ... they only go to class m or k planets , so the mass would be pretty standard . why rob banks when you can steal 40 cakes ? ? i highly doubt the size of the image was what he was referring to . looks like a mad case of indigestion ... might i interest you in some tums good sir ? for your convinience , i have an analogy lily for you ! ! see , we may not say we love you 15 times a day , but we'll be there for you in the ways that ... didn't you know ? sarcasm is the lowest form of wit . you should try some racist jokes instead , you'd probably get a better reaction from your audience . i knew i shouldn't have google mapped my running route . did i really need to know that i was only making it a mile before i had to go home ? why am i so athletically challenged ? ? ? / mope i always write to the professor . when i described my thought process as i put together essays to a friend he thought it was dishonest , but i don't think so . i usually pick the pet topic of the ... what genre ? no fair ! it's of me ! ! it looks just like me . on topic ! ! that's probably it . i thought they reminded me of you , yet i wasn't sure they all looked like the same person ... antiant are the avatars you use pictures of yourself ? they're all quite lovely . i'm rather proud of this painting i did ... so you're saying that sora is also a poser ? ? ah , now we've derailed the thread again ... whatever shall we do ? i don't have anymore pictures of myself to re-orient the thread ... i do have some ... oh don't worry , you were plenty cute . i was just wondering at the unnecessary holding of the head . i didn't realize you were posing on purpose . :D if you had read the whole thread you would have seen that there are several intjs from nyc . research is good for you , you should do it . was your neck feeling too tired to support your head anymore ? today a girl i barely know was complaining about her lack of dating prospects . this is the second time i've ever spoken to her and she let me know all about the strange boys she always ends up with , ... volt why would you have sex with someone you don't even know if you like ? also , your story sounds like a weird indie film ... why is it that ridiculously low self esteem is socially acceptable ? what is the point of all those raise your self esteem lessons if people wont take a non-depressed person seriously ? are we all ... when the porn thread is completely ignored by moderators , but the photo thread has been closed four times . :P ( five if you count the commentary thread ) except none of those books have words in them . gasp ! ! oh noes ! ! ! depends on where you live ... there's tons of it in rome , and most of it's a lot more juicy than that . well , you have to admit , he does the whole glasses and mild mannered disguise thing ... the similarities amused me . :) ... i crochet because i'm too cheap to buy christmas presents . thus , scarves . ta da ! ! ! that's my favorite thread . :( now i must pout . no . and if you bring trolls to bed with you you will be punished . but of course ! though a menage a trois would be more my style . splice together fauxmances ? ? create beautiful drama a la daytime soaps ? :: wiggles eyebrows :: puts them in the recycle bin . they're of no use if they're broken . might i suggest buying a new one on ebay ? that seems ... slightly ominous ... i'm sure it's just scanning to make sure you don't have any ttds . computers love me and want to keep me safe . sounds like a promising beginning to a beautiful romance ;) here , this might help . :D you laugh , but my chemistry professor wears a hat like that ( without the ears ) whenever he does an experiment . particularly of the blowing things up kind . there ya go ! she's also in ' i shall wear midnight ' the last tiffany aching book . she's super old though . also , i got the job ! ! ! yay ! ! ! unbelievably sexy ? where are the ladders ? what's the point of having sexy bookshelves if you can't reach the books ? ? ? i have a lesbian crush on audrey hepburn's eyebrows ... actually , the nerves in your lips are super sensitive , and you get pretty tingly for a while . i would try gently rubbing sugar over your lips if you want to see what it's like . i had my first kiss ... but does it smell good ? and i think you'd better watch out for the robot , we know how it feels about ipods ... add that to its obsession with flowers ? whoo-ee . '