' your mama dresses you like a couch . have you thought about things like adrift ? adrift : create your own interactive fiction mostly open source if i recall correctly , and they can be used to create games without being terribly coding ... you know ... we intps tend to be all-or-nothing types . we can carry a torch for a looong time if we genuinely have the feels for somebody , but when we know it isn't going to happen ... we move on . and ... you know ... we intps tend to be all-or-nothing types . we can carry a torch for a looong time if we genuinely have the feels for somebody , but when we know it isn't going to happen ... we move on . and ... 13 zoe : first rule of battle , little one , don't ever let them know where you are . mal : ~ screaming and shooting ~ whooo im over here ! zoe : of course there are other schools of thought . realize that the ice is part of you . but so is the side that gets dramatically and violently emotional every once in a while . have a little patience , the feelings will come , and then go five minutes ... understanding ( or truth , or clarity , or some variation of that thing ) = most important thing . time and effort = limited quantities time and effort spent on things not understanding = less ... then the door crashed open ! said the angry platypus's mother . itali it is . let's do this thing . well then , if we're in the same boat let's row somewhere nice . where urine should not be ! you realize that your asking intps to be 100 % sure of something is like asking if we've found the source of ultimate truth in mbti ? and that therefore the mark of true intp behavior here would be to ... for 5 , why not just ask her what she wants done ? in what world can one know everything ? and in what world can one be happy all the time ? and if i'm to only be happy some of the time in this world , then what good to give up knowledge ? and if ... that's one way of doing it . just keep in mind that you'll probably get more out of the applying than you will out of the reading . in fact , the best way would be to get immersed in a program that ... name : ever play the game as a child where you invent your own language ? avatar : if you don't recognize snidely , then we're gonna have problems . integration happens slowly . i mean , you can read stories that make you feel things , but it's probably not really going to help you feel all the time . not really . in this case i'd recommend treating ... we intps do give up a lot . i mean , we usually don't get all that wealthy ( although sometimes you get a bill gates ) , and we're not usually very famous ( although sometimes you * do * get an einstein ) ...  ... i'll let you draw your own conclusions . if there is a logical intelligence out there , i've never met it . i look forward to the new experience . more like an npc with certain ... bughouse tendencies . fair enough if you're looking for a set of rules . i usually go by a criterion , namely value . but yes , this will do in a pinch ! and very nicely done at that . :) game theory , mostly . one of my greater dreads in life is to wind up with a dull , non-challenging job where i don't use my problem-seeing ways for anything constructive . cyber-speak is like that too . sometimes you go about searching for new abbreviations . who first did lol ? or tl ;d r ? fair enough . yes . he in all likelihood is similarly infatuated with you . ok . if you have feelings for this guy , but also don't want a relationship , and if you hooked up twice 11 months ago ... alright . you see where there might be some mixed messages there ? so . ... video game offline . or you can be like me and read more in a day than most people do in a month . or you can just sit there and be annoyed at the hundreds of new and obnoxious sounds that occur ... i could be wrong , but i don't think 16personalities asks questions according to cognitive functions , just according to the four possibilities . now , the introvert-extrovert thing is a glaring problem , ... sure she answered the questions accurately ? and , yeah , i'm being a little obtuse here ; but if you're that far off there's probably something in addition to the test's natural weaknesses giving you ... i guessed as much :) but i know and practice tai chi . just puttin ' it out there for comparison . dirty fighting , meditation , and harmony , both inner and outer . guess i'm too much a carnivore for ... i hear te sometimes moonlights as fe ... did the site description fit her ? i recommended that test mostly because i really like that site's descriptions of the types . thorough and pretty well ... just because you're an intp doesn't mean you can't have lots of things in common with other types . in fact , mbti is meant to give you more ways to relate , not less . if you look into it , you'll ... to be honest we usually just go with the flow . you'll find us wherever we need to be , and there isn't really a single place . i mean , we have hangouts , and those tend to be more geeky than not , but ... tai chi : redirect punch , break arm , trip opponent , step on throat while catching the next attack ... also approach fight only from the stillness and tranquility of harmony with the universe . don't go ... grew up in central montana in the states . every winter we get at least a day or two of - 40 windchill , and a few weeks of 0 * f weather . and i like it . your 0 * c stuff is just about time for a jacket , ... hm . i still see it as about 50/50 that he meant poorly , using that phrasing . although , if he couldn't predict that you'd be bothered by what he said and / or couldn't be bothered to change it so as to ... well , i didn't see specifics , but if you think he's being a jerk then something with the format : now , to be clear , when you said ___ i heard ___ . was i right , do you really think ___ of ... all the time . see also walking into walls , and forgetting to eat . yeah , i feel a little uncomfortable in grouping people tightly . and i don't think i can just put my finger on it and say intps have one way of approaching relationships , and i haven't even done a ... aw thanks , and i'm happy for knowing you as well . :) and it's been great to compare notes , and thanks for letting me take in some of your perspective . and i promise i'll answer that last message ! ... ahh . but to other types ? there is a gradual coming-to-know that happens while considering romantic prospects . for us , i think it's far more all-or-nothing . meaning that it can be far more acceptable ... in my experience the biggest difference between the ti i have and those my entp friends have is that theirs get less practice and while when confronted with a situation they might go to their ti ... don't knock it till you tried it :) that feeling , where you're not sure if the person you're giving knowledge of the deep things to will leave with it or stay , but where you stand to gain so much ... the anticipatory sadness , potential ... '