' i feel like when it comes to interactions sexually its a trust thing . i do not give out trust to many people . barley anyone . the dynamics between me and someone and me and another one is ... i don't know many entps , but i can tell you from my perspective , that they balance me out . they are easy going , creative , meaningful . one of my entp freinds , the way he speaks is almost like the ... someone i love . someone who loves me . trustworthy and adorable . big d and the kids table ! yeah boi as long as i'm helping someone in distress who is genuine . i am willing to talk about anything . can i just say that i love this thread . i have been talking about this very subject with a close friend . she told me she was always boy crazy and had a guy in every class in high school she labeled ... i understand how you feel . personally when i'm in a stressful situation i freak out in my mind . it sucks because i want there to be harmony with everyone ( i know i'm a hippy ) , but i can't controll ... i definitely have a side to me that even annoys me . this side usually takes place at work . i am a hairstylist and feel the need to connect with my clients . there is a tremendous fe outpouring that ... 84 ... i'm really crazy and flirty . i don't have any problems articulating my words . it's easier for me to be more social and extroverted . not sure if its already been said , but when people take my happiness and having a good time as that i am shallow or am stupid . i can almost feel the opinions people have of me . and to be thought of ... my biggest fears in life probably is unfortunately and ultimately attributed to making a fool out of myself in doing anything . so i just get in my zone focus on why i am doing it , gather as much ... 1 . reggae / rock / oldies / punk whatever gets me going . 2 . kamikaze - the impossibles 3 . moonshine - the supervillains 4 . weezer , pepper , passafire , the impossibles , the swellers , 5 . i like royals by ... yes i'm the same way . i tend to take things people say and constantly mull over them . and yes that was rude for her to say that to you . she took advantage of being in a group to put you down so ... it would be awesome if you could update this thread in how it ends up . i truly do hope you can get her back :) . it seems like you truly love her ( as a freind or whatever ) . i would say good luck ! to me someone bringing up past failures is one of the worst things a person can do . i'm so hard on my self and it's hard for myself to forgive myself . past failures and ... i second this ! our fe ... so a current situation i've been facing has made me curious how my fe works . now i've heard it said that fe demonstrates socially acceptable behavior , seeks to take care of , create ... i have an intense stare i've told been told . i think i freak some people out . when i speak to someone else who stares , it doesn't ever bother me , but now i wonder if they too are possibly an infj ... i haven't read through this whole thread , but my friend's an intp and we connect and get along for the most part . when she has an idea though and i am trying to get her to see all the different ... not sure if its already been said but my friend has told me that i feel too much and think about others too much . i have my own standard of socially acceptable behavior and when someone doesn't ... intense yessir ! they are friggin awesome and if you don't mind me asking , wut band are u in ? u can message me if u want i've been obsessed with recently : passafire , the decendants , streetlight manifesto , four year strong , larry and his flask , the swellers . kind of all different from each other , but i know the ... i was doing a scroll through the entp forum and decided to steal this post from saksham . so what makes you guys happy , small or big ? it could be anything . i'll start : . singing and moshing at ... i have always struggled with self esteem issues . i never fit in , i felt like i was always different from everyone , therefore i felt as if everything i did was wrong . i would cry for hours in my ... my childhood i remember being tortured by guilt . whenever i got in trouble , small or big , i was always overly anxious and disappointed with myself . sometimes i just couldn't have any fun because ... i personally don't like assholes , although my intp friend is in love with them . i work as a hairstylist and it is an emotionally draining job . when i get home i have to just sit down and kinda vegg out . i love my job and making people happy and feel good about themselves , but ... i hate the spotlight . ill be thinking and thinking and then i'm put on the spot and go blank . it's terrible . marla_s thanx for the song ! it made me actually laugh today ! sunsetinparadise and peguy thank you guys sooo much ! i feel like this is what i struggle with most and it's amazing to get your genuine advice . i may try the burning paper thing . but what i ... hi guys . if i'm in a situation where other people are directing their feelings ( bad feelings ) towards me , i become so nauseated ... terrified ! i think i gauge my value based upon the people i am ... i have an intp friend i vent to and she vents to me . my world is a crap shack without her . i've found that finding someone who gets you and talking it through with them helps the most , even if you ... hey guys , i think i've accurately typed one of my coworkers as an estj and was just wondering if you guys have had any interactions with us . positive , negative , how do you view us ? i remember my junior year of high school my name was called in roll call and people acted as if they had never heard my name although i had known them since middle school . i know i send off bad ... a guy i work just asked me if i wanted a boyfreind . and i said no . and he said all girls want a boyfriend ... yes i like the idea of a soulmate . someone like me but in the same way so strangely ... in this order : esfp , esfj , enfj ( this is obviously based on people i know which has tainted my view of these types ) peguy because to me it shows that you care how u are viewed by others in a genuine way . i like peace keepers . and some on here are not :( . so it's nice to have people who make personality cafe a ... i like you just because you posted this ! :) there are healthy and unhealthy people in all personality types . i know if i believe in something i will stick to it . and the more i get to know people the more they see what i stand for and ... i was typed as an intj ! ? the test is interesting :) in day to day life , ill be partial toward those i love . i geuss was my point . thewanderering your point is why i started the thread . because i'm not totally convinced and i want to know if any of the guys i like match the theory of personality type pairings . collecting data ... true , i hate when people make me up to be someone i'm not . but hey if someone falls in love with u , i know im willing to explore a relationship . there are certain boundaries i don't ... jamie.ether i can't recall . i've read so many essays , articles , posts , books . but i think this saying goes because all of our main function's is intuition . yes all the time . even when i am traveling i am daydreaming about a perfect life with a perfect guy in which everything is so deep and yet so playful and free and fancy . a consistent lifestyle ... to me , it's a crushing devastating blow . ill always try to beat the odds and prove that i have the capability , not always successful . it hurts me to have someone else put such little faith in ... have any of you infj girls been with or met an entp guy ? i don't think i even know one . with most guys i meet there is a clear lack of connection that turns me off . i know everyone is an ... '