mmmkay ... entj's . ime , they think they understand me . they don't . at all . they try to tell me about myself . i tell them where they're wrong and attempt to explain some facet of myself . they ... wonderful post ! when i was reading the op , i actually though , ' this is when you have a chance to develop fe . you've hurt someone you genuinely didn't want to hurt . now figure out how and why it ... i dunno , dude . i love enfp's . ya'll are my favorite not-entp type , but kanye ? enfp ? i would think he's less of a douchebag if he were and enfp . yes , that's the basis for my reasoning . i don't like ... that is precisely my point . i have a number of self-medicating bi-polar enfp friends ( not joking ... 1/4 of the people i consider close friends are self-medicating , bi-polar enfp's ... i love them ) , and ... i don't think you've given enough information for anyone to do any kind of typing . that's all pretty superficial stuff and anyone of any type could be described as most of those things . why does ... meh . lucid dreaming is only cool to people who can't do it . kind of like the dr . seuss story ... the star-bellied sneeches ? maybe ? the one where all the cool kids have stars on their bellies and so the ... i didn't read the whole op because i've never done psychedelics . i'm honestly a little scared of what i'd be like if i ever did any of them . i know acid is supposed to be fucking awesome , but i ... turmauge not gonna lie - i fully expected to see some chaotic evil's in here . i'd be a lot more surprised if an entp takes the test and winds up as lawful good - that seems completely anti-entp ... you lie ! an entj getting emotional about something he isn't in love with ? ha ! well , i guess you did say time management ... :P sorry . couldn't help myself . ok , so actually to the topic ... this ... look , you know you're an entp going into college which gives you a leg up on those of us who didn't . know that even if you get to set your class schedule , you're not going to like it . know that if ... hmmm . i would have guessed that i'm chaotic neutral ... and wished that i'm somewhere on the line between chaotic good and chaotic neutral , but i just took that test on the first page , and it says i'm ... i can see where you're coming from . i could even argue that while he opposes slavery , he uses it to his advantage to buy django to help him find the brittles , which would seem to make his stance on ... wow , everyone thinks shultz is an entp ? i think he's an enfp . his views on slavery and the ways people should treat each other seem rooted in his very firm beliefs of what is right and wrong , which i ... i can get on board with walt as an intj , but i think he's a misanthropic entj . i think he needs to be around other people and needs to feel their admiration or fear ( i'm not sure he sees a difference ... i'm kind of shocked that no one has brought up the idea of mary being an entp . i think the complexity of her character is fundamentally based on the fact that she's stifled by the traditions that ... i'm actually really unsure about hannah's type . the way she views herself and the way she acts are completely at odds . i think she's an s who thinks she's an n . if she's an n , then i don't think her ... that was a great book , but i read it 2 or 3 years ago and can't remember enough about any of them to feel comfortable typing them . what i do remember was that the parents were so incredibly unhealthy ... i'm not all that well-versed with cognitive functions , but i don't think that's how the order of functions works . i think it's pretty common to find entp's with low fe and si . the function order ... i'm a lucid dreamer . i don't have to try to do it , but i do know that feeling of your limbs feeling like they are incapable of moving - it's always my legs that go first . that's kinda how my mom ... thought you were ignoring me ... i'm just not engaging anymore . you're boring . as a whole , i think we're pretty smart . i also think that we are pretty good at sounding like we know what we're talking about , even when we don't . can we all just say that entejay is the embodiment of everything that has the potential to make us mad but that , rather than angry , we get frustrated or annoyed and then lose interest ? and then can ... i used to do that to some extent . at some point , i realized that sex with some level of connection beyond lust ( an actual romantic connection or friendship ) is a lot better for me than sex without ... yeah , i don't really want to put myself out there like that by writing myself . i don't think i'd ever pursue publishing if it showed a reader too much about me . i looked at some of the death ... thanks . i'll look up the death spiral . it sounds familiar . :) it's definitely a novel , and i'm trying really hard not to do it , but stuff about him and me keeps trying to slip in there . you're ... heh . thanks . i'm actually attempting to write a novel . i keep trying to not make it about the enfp and me , but i keep failing . we are both absolutely exhausting in general , fighting just makes it ... oh , he's plenty logical . we both have a logic block when my emotions get involved , though . we both over-think it and get in this weird over-thinking and over-emoting spiral . my only solace is that i ... i don't think you were rambling at all . i think it made perfect sense ( considering i don't do it ) and is eerily consistent with what i know from enfp's in my life . i've definitely been in that ... i know , right . all that unhappiness in exchange for being in relationships with people he doesn't like so that he can relate to people better sure is working out for him . he's so enlightened . i'm with gingertonic . you can just go away . i can't figure out why it is that none of us want to take all of the advice this guy hands out . he's so charming . you should probably just ask her . tell her you'd like to do whatever she wants you to and that can be talking about it , specifically not talking about , or you can take her to dinner or bring her ... omniblade i'm going to piggyback off diamonddays post . people are always going to think you're weird . we are weird because n's are a much smaller percentage of the population than s's ( 15 % ... umm ... you asked me a question about people . i answered a question about people . it's on you that you thought i was talking about me . you seem to jump to a lot of conclusions based on the premise that ... i never said anything about my preferences in romantic relationships . i said some people have the goal of happiness . never said one single word about what i personally do . in fact , i even said that ... specifically , what convictions of mine ? i'm pretty sure we haven't been talking about my convictions . i saw that you said your dad is an entp . i also saw that you think we live by standards other ... open mindedness is dismissing things you don't like for yourself as wrong for everyone and close mindedness is anything that disagrees with that . got it . the sad thing is that i think you have ... there you go again with thinking that you are open-minded while claiming that other viewpoints are wrong because it's not what you prefer for yourself . your premise seems to be that anything that ... that's probably pretty accurate . but , sometimes the hermit crab smells like bacon and keeps our attention a little longer . that's all we're really looking for . someone who smells like bacon . :) i love the fact that he thinks you should get in a relationship with some poor girl you aren't attracted to so you can better yourself . that sounds like a really pleasant situation for her . that . right there . that is plenty of proof that you do not have much understanding of how entp's work . we entp's live in a world where every standard is set by someone else ? you mean this group of ... oh , so the only path to enlightenment is the path you choose , and it applies to everyone ? got it . yes . i'm also not the one running around here implying that my skills of dealing with people ... he's already said that he can get along with infp's as friends , he just doesn't want to be in a committed relationship with one . and your argument is that he's not going to be able to function in ... i dunno . i'm pretty sure he was trolling . you know ... the whole thing about debating not being fun unless one is a mindless animal ... and then pages of debating . has to be trolling ... or a mindless ... welcome . you can always choose to look at this guy as an interesting challenge , even if you don't find him personally interesting . if you can usually work people over pretty well , then it has to ... i had a conversation once with my old roommate about how i didn't understand why they always have people on cop shows working with a whatever-they're-called to draw a picture of someone . clearly , i ... wouldn't you all be fighting over who got to be in charge ? oh , look ... just did the same thing you did ;) i don't think that shows a very strong understanding of entp's , in general . we'd all be off doing our own thing but simultaneously trying to entertain everyone ? that doesn't make much sense . also , ... i'm usually pretty good with directions , but every now and then , i'm really horrible with them . there really isn't much middle ground . first of all , you're never going to get anywhere with the professor who went and talked to the other two , because she cared about it so much she sought them out , so this is one of those times that ...