' i was going to start a topic today about how hard i was finding getting over my ex . ( the enfp ) we had a horrible relationship but it hurts me to see him moving on . that's probably selfish of me , but ... i'll be twenty in a few months and i'm quite frightened about it . partly because i'm scared of wasting my life away without accomplishing anything , but also because i'll look at a headline about ... i once exclaimed oh my god , those cows only have one nipple each ! my friend replied , uhh ... those are boy cows . i don't think i've ever felt like more of a doofus . keep your eyes peeled oh god , bluuurgh . please do not peel my eyes ; they are not a banana . :( i used to get drunk once a week when i went out to a nightclub , but i can't do that anymore . i drank to make my social anxiety go away temporarily , but now i'm actually working on my social anxiety ... me : infp ex # 1 : intp letters that didn't work : f , t relationship description : extremely onesided . we were eachother's first lovers and i wanted to see him a lot . he felt too smothered and needed a ... were you bullied in school ? yes . what grades were you bullied in or were you bullied throughout your whole school experience ? i was excluded and isolated in primary school , but in secondary ... i love sneaking out of the house at night to do things i shouldn't . it's one of my favourite things to do . i dream about doing terribly socially inappropriate things , and then wake up appalled . ... usually sexy things , if it's a warm and calming shower . if the water's not hot enough i'm usually thinking about how much i don't want to be there . my best friend on earth is an infp . i love her dearly . aw , i thought this thread was about our favourite williams . :( i guess i'll go now . i want him . hmm ... this is interesting . i knew i couldn't be the only one . it's true that i have an interest in the darker side of things . i'm fascinated by horrible things like serial killers and torture , ... i cried yesterday when my intp ex-boyfriend got my hopes up and disappointed me . again . yes , i sing and i've been told i'm very good indeed . i'd love to make a career out of it eventually . i'm ashamed to say that i actually don't have the patience it takes to master an instrument . if ... i'm totally into snape from happy popper . he's just so ... rawr ! actually , any character played by alan rickman . infps can absolutely dislike poetry . i love poetry , but a friend of mine who sat next to me in english class would practically have a tantrum whenever we had to find meaning in a poem . but maybe she ... i'd love to type ireland . meeting new people : i'm probably around an eight . ( drunk , three ) with people you know but not well : six . ( drunk , two or one . ) with your group of close friends : two . with you closest friend : one ... the intp i know was an only child for the first seven years of his life . he believes these years of quiet play shaped who he grew to be . ( 1 ) where might somebody find you ? i don't get out much , so you'd have to catch me when you can . when i do go out , usually i'm wandering alone through bookshops and dvd shops , lookin ' like a total ... irish born , irish raised . i used to be ambidextrous , but i got out of the habit . now i'm just a righty . my voice drops about an octave when i'm with my friends and family in comparison to what i'm like with strangers . i sound like luna lovegood waking up from a deep sleep when i'm talking to a ... oh , you . : happy : * sorry to interrupt * some of my favourite people on earth are intps . i'm a total groupie . : blushed : gosh , it really varies . i generally dislike receiving comments on my appearance , or any other superficial thing . the comments that mean the most to me are about my personality , and seeing as ... i'm not especially attached to my name . in my year at school , there were three people with my name , and i was the least popular of them , so i learned not to respond when my name was called . i ... oh , intps . why can't one of you love me back ? ! ! : crying : my infp best friend has the weirdest dreams i've ever heard of , and she always has the good luck to remember them in detail . they're so trippy , i'm really jealous ! i rarely dream at all . oh , and i once scored 2 % on a maths exam ! i truly am terrible . hufflepuff . : mellow : i don't . i like her songs , and i thought ' twas a purdy picture . ah , jaysus . thanks for welcoming me , everyone . : happy : aw , now i feel bad that i've never been given a weird compliment . i suppose now i have something to look forward to ! 1 . herbivore 2 . infp ( asaurus ) i'm a cyborg ( but that's okay ) . what a film ! don't ya got t * * s ? ! stick ' em out , for god's sake ! - crybaby . mama : isfp papa : entp sister # 1 : ixfx sister # 2 : infp i felt exactly the same until about two weeks ago when i took a chance and went out dancing with my friends . i was terrified at first too . but after some practice ( and some drinks ) i loosened up a ... oh dear , this brings back memories . i've always been terrible at maths , in almost any form . in fact one of my worst school memories is one of me having a panic attack in front of the whole class ... gemini , here . i scored intp , aw yeah . your ideal romantic partner is known as the architect . as a romantic partner , this type can be playful with great energy to get things started , but not quite as good on ... i cry when i'm frustrated and when i'm just feeling generally sorry for myself . ( aka , when i'm totally pmsing ) . i never cry at telly programmes or films , but that's only because i do a brilliant ... i'm listening to the flirt by shirley and lee . i'm a 4w5 . how predictable ! oh holy shizz , i'm glad this thread exists . i've scored 100 % introverted on the mbti each time i've taken it , but drinking the ol ' alkyhawl turns me into a full-blown extravert . i've only ever ... hello , i'm a lickle shy infp lurker who's finally plucked up the courage to join in a bit . ... please be nice . : blushed : '