' this . totally this . for the record , i've never had trouble getting dates . if anything , guys have always found me friendly and approachable . please , i'm going to cause the cataclysm when i pull the wings off a butterfly . because i'm an overachiever like that . i'm an author . my job totally rocks . too much of anything annoys the hell out of me on facebook . kittens , politics , passive aggression , whatever . we're going away for thanksgiving , so i'm mentally organizing and reorganizing everything . it's too convenient plot-wise , yet so rare in real life . i've rarely seen it done well , so i just don't bother . having said that , though , i read the rook ( not romance ) a while back , where the ... basically it boils down to this : the best writers are those who have a fundamental understanding of human nature . so it doesn't matter how wild and far-fetched a situation is , the writer has to have ... messing around with a new novel's first paragraph . i'd throw me the harry potter books and tell me to write them first . i hate it when the conflict could be easily resolved by the two characters sitting down and communicating . the conflict has to be realistic . i'm super jazzed about seeing it , but ... yanno , i'm just not sure there's enough material in the hobbit alone for three movies . i'd pull him aside and say , i know you're a fucking creep , so don't pull any shit . live . do as much as you can . try new things , especially food and places . learn as much as you can about everything . talk to people . listen to them , too . and don't be afraid to admit that you ... i'm looking forward to the election being o-ver . but the sad part is that the moment it's over , they'll all start campaigning for 2016 . if everything wasn't funny , i wouldn't have to laugh at it . so there ! dishonored . but only because my guy mocked me for refusing to play anything except fallout 3 . : tongue : i'm going as one of the 99 % . # 1 . no good can come of any other course of action . you're young . get out there and live as much as you can . i've just started dishonored . i'm mostly just filling in time until fallout 4 comes out . * weeps * i love writing and it pays the bills--very , very well . beyond the financial aspect , it's the love of entertaining readers that thrills me so . i love twisting words on the page , and in the process ... i don't know if it has meaning , but you can make it meaningful to you . i went through a period a couple of years ago when i wasn't eating properly ( stress , relationship problems ) and about three months after that my hair started falling out . my hairstylist is the one ... a few things : the lifeboat by charlotte rogan - hate the protagonist , but very good otherwise . code name verity , by elizabeth wein - totally excellent . white horse , by alex adams - a bit like ... i cried when i realized i'd paid money to see titanic . dear op , i used to be like you . but then i grew up , met the right guy , got to the right point in my life , and everything changed . yeah , sleeping on my side is tough and uncomfortable , and yes i've ... seriously great sex . a pina colada . top-notch sushi . in any order . :D i'm a lefty , too . writing a guest blog post for later this month while looking at engagement rings ( because my guy proposed yesterday ! ) daniel o'malley's the rook . love it ! oooh yeah . i do want to go skydiving and i'd love to get a pilot's license ! as a kid ( pre-twenties ) , i was definitely an adrenaline junkie . but as an adult i'm more like this : yup . a good discussion about a subject i'm passionate about really gets me going . learn to laugh at yourself . this is really , really important . around 5-6 months . they healed up pretty fast ! my boyfriend will either : a ) not bother . or b ) not bother . so i just go along with that . i'm in the wrong forum for me , but ... ... i love having my hair brushed . i'd walk across burning coals for a man who'd brush my hair . sex does it for me . i hardly get any these days , which is why i'm probably so freakin ' tense all the time . i had mine done ; it hurt like hell . but when the boyfriend and i split i let them heal up . now we're back together again but i haven't bothered getting them redone . maybe someday ... debating with myself . i've tried to read and love eco , but ... i just can't . i can't deny his brilliance , but his readability leaves to a lot to be desired , which means for me - as a reader - he's failed at his job ... what about indoor rock climbing ? it's not expensive , plus it looks like fun ! an engagement ring . because the longer my guy goes without proposing , the worse i feel . he proposed to a skanky ex when she got knocked up , but with me , who he supposedly loves , and with whom he ... i can't do these silly typing tests . i type around 100 wpm ( touch-typing ) , but everything i write comes out of my own head . they're never copied words . if i have to copy , i'm lame-o as far as ... don't sweat it . you can be an entp and still be a caring human being . i am . mostly . but your entpness means , when necessary , you'll be able to compartmentalize . it's a very useful thing . you know this entp loves you when she says it . i can count the number of people ( outside of friends and family ) to whom i've said , i love you , on one hand . i've never said it and not meant it . once people start whining about how they haven't had it easy , i toss them in the selfish pot . no one has it all that easy . each life comes with its challenges , and how we choose to overcome and ... 73 % of people would disagree with the original post . i've never had a fictional crush . or crushes on celebrities . go , me ! i'm about 99.999 % sure i'm going back to bed . the sandman is stalking me . i hate it with the power of a million burning suns . weird for an extrovert , i know . also weird for someone with a job that requires it . :D '