' great topic ! ideally , i would like to operate from a starting point of trust , but too much experience has proven otherwise . i don't get hurt that much either , but that's because i'm usually on alert ... hm ... complex just because you can do something , doesn't mean you should . bookmarked . thanks for that . sometimes i need a reminder that my world has become too small . hahaha , i do this all the time , it drives people nuts . something big is in the air , i can feel it . 1 - life experience . people usually come to me for advice and i usually have an answer based on experience or from knowing how others deal with things . i feel like an old soul sometimes lol . 2 - ... i struggled a lot with this . i wanted to be real and genuine . when i told people what i was planning , i got some very odd looks too , like it never occurred to them at all , or why would you want to ... you're on wikipedia , it's hours later , and you're way way way way way off the topic you originally started with , feeling full and satisifed . sorry to hear that , man . i participate in cancer forums , and yes , people with other types of cancer do post in subforums for specific types . things start to get nasty on internet forums when ... the roman emperors were no fools . they used games to distract the populace while the empire was disintegrating and corruption was rampant . similarities to today ? i think so . the empire is crumbling ... the internet is a godsend for me . my world really opened up and allowed me to express myself much better . i'm way more outgoing and articulate online . on forums , i can take all the time i want to ... fight or flight ? that would make a lot of sense . i tend towards flight , so if i'm confronted like that and i can't flee easily , i totally go off the board . i typically donate goods to organizations and not money . that way i know it's much more likely to be real , tangible help i'm providing , and at the same time i'm not wasting stuff by throwing it away ... the super bowl is history . i thought i would be free of the sports chatter for awhile . now people are already talking about baseball , all the while happily ignoring everything important going on ... i hate the good morning ritual . walking into my building at work , i have to say good morning to eleventy billion people . i just saw you yesterday . i could write a book on this , but i'm going to stick to responding to your post above . as someone who has battled it ever since i can remember , i agree that therapy is the long term solution to ... you aren't alone silt ! i think you've got a great attitude for a lasting relationship ! my wife and i have been through some very hard times , and without commitment on both our parts , we could ... i know you've got my back . hehe . great fun ! we mostly laugh at each other's quirks now . that's a guy thing for sure , but i usually do read the directions lol . here's one i got this morning : you can't eat that for ... the tendency to remain silent seems to be a pretty common one here , i'm glad i'm not alone . i don't think i'm weird because of it , but a lot of people do think i'm weird . i just don't feel the need ... scored really low on lawful ; > not surprising . i usually find a way to get around rules and conventions if needed and tend to distrust authority figures in general . i got the same alignment on ... yes , many times . i really dislike that word too . it's very subjective . so anyone who uses it is subjecting you to their definition of ' normal ' . usually this will conform to societal conventions but ... istj wife : why do you always change things at the last minute ? ! istj wife : that's not in the plan ! istj wife : the sign says not to do that ! istj wife : nevermind . i'll do it . istj wife : ... i'm an only child with an isfj mother and an istj father . growing up infp was ... difficult . they were both very distant and rigid and uncomfortable with me trying to express myself , expecially in ... and the fact that we forget to eat so much ; > that is an really good one , had to have been written by an infp or with heavy contributions from them . i have a very hard time with finding the right words to comunicate my ideas and insights ... if it's in nature , so be it , doesn't bother me . it's nature ! nature does not succumb to any rules or values of ours . this , however , is yet another example of human meddling in nature for sport , ... i feel like this quite a bit too . i recently got my enneagram and it's 5w4 . i've had a great deal of inner conflict and turmoil since i was a child , including this issue . can you please explain this ... i was just wondering if there are any common traits among us when it comes to work habits . unless there's something i have to do right away , a lot of times i'll be able to do an entire day's work ... i took one look at it and thought , hey ! that's me ! i've gone on solitary walks in the woods thousands of times . the guy in the picture is moving ahead , but looking back almost forlornly . that's ... i can get very passive-aggressive , usually after i get slighted in some way . it won't show on the outside , but inside i'll be seething , plotting , and generally being very subtle and insidious . at the ... maybe it's my infp nature and impatience with convention , but i really dislike cliches . a lot of people must like them , because they're so prevalent in society . love them or hate them ? what ... if you were perfect at it , you'd be jesus ! we're all fallen . i had to struggle with this recently and i'd rather not see anyone else have to go through it . it's called a midlife crisis for a reason , and it seems to be happening earlier and earlier . i think it ... think of this debt as an investment . there's a big difference between consumer debt and investment debt , short term and long term debt . try to look at it this way . people are rarely unable to start ... everyone wants me to quit smoking . i know what it's doing to me , but i like it too much . are adhd people of the inattentive type really nps who are being medicated to conform to society ? why doesn't anyone else understand how the world works ? - when you call someone , get their voicemail , and hang up because you feel silly talking to voicemail - when you call someone , get their voicemail , and it's important enough to leave one , but you ... thanks kytaari , if you want to talk about it i'm around . i have more experience than anyone should have in this area :/ i'm pretty sure i'm infp and always was , i just repressed my f so much ... a woman . it would have to be a woman . i've only cried a few times in my life and only once in front of a guy . he is my dearest and closest friend but still ... i felt uncomfortable . i learned from a ... this . the less people understand someone , the more fearful and uneasy they become of that person . they are also likely to be very uncomfortable in their own skin . i don't get hostility , but i do ... i'm 38 and i'm getting a lot of good advice from this thread ; > a few things hit me especially hard . i can't emphasize these enough . stay true to yourself . many people will want you to be ... my wife is a solid istj , almost the complete opposite of me . it took us a long time to come to an understanding of each other , but i think that was more due to our individual personality quirks and ... thanks , i've tried to start but just ended up erasing a couple drafts haha . a lifelong issue . i've got so much to say but can't seem to find a good way to express it and get lost in the wording . damn ... hey everyone , i'm patrick . i've been lurking quite a bit , researching the hell out of everything about personality here and teh interwebs in general . i really took ' know thyself ' to heart and its ... '