' i try not to take the idea seriously . if i want to make a change , the time of year makes no difference to me . just the same , i resolved to take over the world in 2011 . cheers ! i'm interested . but i'll have to wait until the date gets closer to give you a definite yes . i might have to work that saturday . yeah , the ugly double standard rears its head again . my wife's friend is french and always wants to hug and kiss on the cheek ( baisez ) . she's a total hottie , but i hate it nonetheless . my wife always ... i hate being hugged by anyone but my wife and kids . i seriously regret not studying hard in school and getting poor grades . it doesn't make any difference to my employer but knowing i could have done better is a huge dissapointment for me . i'm not particularly smart , but i tend to think too much about things . it sometimes leads to analysis paralysis . it could be said that i am a deep thinker , prefering to contemplate subjects too ... fireman , policeman , astronaut and a pirate . yeah , definitely . seriously , if i could do anything i'd be independently wealthy so i could contribute to society in whatever way i fancy at the moment ... been there . done that . only it was lake havasu and i was miserable . i actually stayed in and watched tv which made it bearable . i wear mostly shorts and t-shirts , though i would like to dress more fashionably . i just can't seem to do it . i understand particle physics but fashion eludes me . true . they indicate anxiety . which is raised when someone is lying . the problem is they are hard to detect when you are interviewing a suspect at 3 am , your tired , he's on crystal , and you want to ... thanks for the info . i attended a good interview and interrogations course that helped a lot . but a lot of crooks are great liars . its what they do for a living ... as a cop , i think i can answer that . i am good at solving problems and connecting ' dots . ' i can make associations using just information i obtain through the computer . however , as an introvert , i ... no . no . no . a taser on the tongue works great ! gosh , you are all so young ! that isn't confined to just intellectuals . how about politicians ? how about pompous ( yet brilliant ) engineer types like steve jobs . i think you may be referring to liberal professors who pontificate ... care to elaborate on that ? { quote ] some of the smartest people i know are complete idiots . [ / quote ] yeah , and einstein couldn't dress himself without help . we all have different intelligences ... so true ! but for me , i'm glad i am book smart . i guess i am just accepting of it ( finally ) . i tried to fight it , unsucessfully , and deny it , but in the end i couldn't . though i do feel embarassed ... i used to be gregory house m . d . but i've gotten a lot better . now i'm more like adam from mythbusters . just more introverted . i'm probably unusual , but i like country music the best . i am very ecclectic . i also like 80 ' s and 90 ' s rock ( nostalgia ) . some classical and some current pop too . i don't think being a dvm is weird . being a mft would be unusual . i got into my current profession because i enjoy helping people . however , i don't find it particularly fulfilling . especially since ... i was kinda short and really young as a child . dumber than a bag of hair and can be extroverted around people i know well and am comfortable with . aaah ! google let me down ! thanks for keeping me honest . every rose has it's thorn - gnr remember me - tim mcgraw just to see you smile - tim mcgraw my boss recently said i appear to be kinda geeky until you get to know me . i think she meant it as a compliment . lol ! i didn't say this , my buddy did . we were at an accident scene and someone asked , i'm looking for jose . my buddy points to multiple body parts and says , well he's right there . and there . and over ... i'm in the same boat you are . i scored 57 % n and 43 % s . so i have both tendancies , as i think you do . however , from what you wrote , i think you are more n than s . you like puzzles and solving ... i second those and add sex ... definitely lots of sex : tongue : mmmm . ice cream . i'd eat all the ice cream i could find . i think you might be missing the broader point that all types have a particular and significant function . for example , most of the people i work with value concrete knowledge ( i . e . common sense ) over ... in a broad sense , what is typical of intj is an off-beat or unusual sense of humor . we sometimes make jokes based upon references to obscure information - like 17th century literature . and nobody but ... rabbits lay eggs , i . e . the easter bunny . thank ! sometimes i forget that . was i ranting ? i guess i was ... sorry bout that ! :) though i don't agree with drug use , if you weren't hurting anybody or stealing anything nobody really cares . you handled the situation if a very mature way . but if the cop wasn't a rookie , he ... that one actually might work . sorry to say , but we've heard all of these before . you might be suprised , but cops are some of the funniest people i know . i was a poli sci major . i wish i had chosen something more practical . i agree with business or intl . relations . letters from iwo jima . good movie . i don't think anyone is too thrilled to see me naked , anyway . so i don't really mind them . i can see how many people would be offended , though . what's wrong ? are you mad at me ? why won't you talk to me . you never want to talk about stuff . are you mad at me ? : sad : one of my neighbors knocked on my door . when i answered she asked , is your mother home ? i was 35 at the time . i guess i still look like i'm 16 . i dunno . thats a very good question . i am an only child . i think its the classic genes vs . environment debate . and i don't have a clue to the answer . yep . i have trouble falling asleep . then i have trouble staying asleep . i've had problems like this since i was about 15 or so . i try to exercise regularly and sometimes i take melatonin to help me ... stupid people . stupid people with authority pisses me off even more . i try to be nice to everyone . but i dont have to be around people i don't like for too long . so it isn't hard for me to be nice to them during our occasional interaction . yes , i would feed a rapist ... yep . i'm always get to the point . especially on the phone . my wife always criticizes the way i talk to people . i'm not trying to be mean . i just sound that way , i guess . nah , blow it on a big party for all your friends ! stay out of fortex but mutual funds are fine . you have plenty of time to recoup any losses you incur so be aggressive . check out morningstar.com for ... hello and welcome to the fourm . i look forward to chatting with you sometime . wow . thanks to all of you for the warm welcome . i've really been enjoying the forum so far . i look forward to getting to know all of you . horny pretty much all the time . '