' shortstacked and ready to gamble ... why spend time on the internet ? i just update my facebook with my phone telling people about all the cool things going on in my life ! my friend's friend has this boat and we're all gonna go party ... i'm very sarcastic , dry , witty ( i think ) , and enjoy pure randomness ... random random random ! :) isfp vs . isfj i was already married and divorced so i answered yes based on that . would i get married again ? maybe . you nailed it , and now i'm depressed ... :/ even if you already decided you don't like the beastie boys , you should listen to this ... life is becoming unbearable . i think my emotions will leave me soon . i can't handle all this negativity . i'm so tired of being alive . i think we probably make judgements like many others do , but our judgements are more flexible and bend with time and action . i don't know about other np's , but for me , i rarely hold grudges ... how about an infp who has learned proper capitalization ? : wink : all np's have the cognitive function ne very high in their function order , either dominant or auxiliary . it follows that the advantages of ne are shared with all np's ... we love brainstorming ... you bring up a good point there . what are these obvious reasons about it not working with an enfj anyway ? i'm not sure if i know any enfj's in real life , but i can't think of any glaring reasons ... i think you have definitely idealized our type too much . good luck on your quest , but limiting love to only one type is a mistake , imo . stressful day complete i feel the exact same way , my friend . i'm surprised and a little disappointed to see such extreme views in this thread . they're more personality / morality tests . i remember one of the questions was like is it less wrong to steal from a large corporation than a small company ? stuff like that . to quote austin powers ... ouch , baby ... very ouch your name and listed type are istj , not intj ... typo ? anyway , i don't think you need to come up with a list of things to say back or anything . just acknowledge him in whatever way feels most ... so you throw in the towel just like that ? sounds infp if you ask me . : wink : it very well may be chocolate ... it's just a stock photo i found on the intrawebz to go with my name . in fact , let us now pretend that it is indeed chocolate hidden under golden wrappers ! :) place ... there will always be classes regardless of money . it will no longer be rich vs . poor , though . it will be the powerful vs . the powerless . i wish this were not the case , and maybe someday we can ... i actually like money . it allows me a great deal of freedom in this world . wow , that sucks ! i'm sorry . :( it's hard for me to think of a fellow infp hurting someone like that , but i suppose it happens . :/ * hugs * incidentally , i've unfriended people for less , because ... maybe a big turn off , especially if it violates his values . i respectfully suggest you end one relationship before considering another . even if you would never tell him that , he may have that sense ... who can really define what love is for another person ? i think it's possible to fall in love with anyone for any reason over whatever medium is present , but that's just me . i'm sure lots of people ... night time is the right time . i've always been a night owl since i was a little kid . it seems the best time to be awake . :) i could fill volumes of books with all the stuff i've typed and then deleted out of frustration in it not coming out just right ! i feel your pain . you don't sound stupid at all . i'm sorry you're feeling the way you do . i feel pretty much the same . :/ being a male infp is a difficult cross to bear , imo . posting on perc is a good thing to do ... ... i still believe in paradise ... but now at least i know it's not some place you can look for ... because it's not where you go ... it's how you feel for a moment in your life ... and if you find that ... nothing too hard , i'm at work . i'll just have a strongbow cider . ;) we are definitely misunderstood , that's for sure . for those wonderful people who get it , we will do anything for you . :) i used to play mw2 all the time back in the day . i became kinda bored with it , though . there is something inherently evil about pumping out a new version of a game twice a year . call of duty lost ... to be more specific , it's envy . i envy people in love . :( something about me puts people off ... probably my looks first ... then the fact that i can't deal with idle chit chat ... then my social awkwardness of having actual opinions ... then my tendency to ... lol ! you're welcome ! :) this movement is an utter failure . i empathize with people that see the world is unjust , but this is not the path to resolution , imo . as an outsider , i see it as a vague complaint from bored ... i believe so , yes . to be clear , it isn't 100 % accurate . it is our best assessment based on what we are perceiving . i can be fairly emo at times , and sometimes i really believe fi is the culprit . there are times when the weight of the world seems to bear down on me . i can feel the struggles ... the ... the way i understand fi is as follows : it is a function that allows us to determine the essence of a person . to drill deep down and find the good or bad in them . that gut feeling you have ... constantly . even at this very moment ! : shocked : no , neither . it's not dumb ; i know exactly what you mean . it's easy to feel this way when we're alone . :( you're a beautiful girl and i know you'll meet the right person . don't lose the faith . :) i'm feeling worthless , overlooked , marginalized , patronized ... i'm pretty certain my ex-wife was intj . while it did end in divorce , it was my longest relationship ever and so i'm deeming it a mildly successful pairing . no problem at all . i think it is possible for any type to be happy with any other type , but there are always challenges . it sounds to me like nf with sj have a lot of challenges and it relates to a ... yes ... i spend too much time on perc ! this thread may be of interest to you : very much a philosopher , not a crusader . i'm so counterculture i see hip culture as mainstream ... lol ;) '