' then i guess maybe engineering has more of the stuff that you like , from what i've heard . i'm doing some basic stats at the moment , and although the underlying maths and logic is interesting , it ends ... tau . for the fun of it . teach me this friend-zoning technique , o master ! ! : shocked : nuberschutze maybe you underestimate how bad i am . i have basically almost no videogame experience . i'm that person who always comes last at mariocart every time and dies over and over and over in ... doing a bachelor of science in maths and physics at an australian university , i'd say any girl had as much equal opportunity and encouragement to choose any subject in school and also at uni ; the ... algebra ~ ~ ~ it feels more efficient . although often algebra will arise from geometry . especially in physics . we learnt this in first year maths of university . a little knowledge on how trig , power laws , complex numbers and ( i think ) binomial expansion would be required ; stuff you learn in high school . you ... you could always read the manga , or the original webtoon . would that count as spoiling it ? hug people spontaneously and hang out with as many of those it guys as i want without having to worry about sending wrong signals and being innapropriate . i've always wanted to have all the fun ... demond onepunch-man ? though that was last season , i think . it wasn't in this case , since it was simply just a matter of her being around for long enough that we learnt how to be good friends to each other . but trying to rationalise other's behaviour as a ... oh , found you . i didn't take too long to track you down , actually ... : cool : hi , i'm the aforementioned intp friend . as proof , i can say that this lovely enfp dyed her hair pink today . indeed , when ... the funny thing is that being individualistic is popular nowadays . the crowd is conforming by standing out from the crowd . being a christian is interesting , in that , the non-christians think i'm ... yeah , i understand what you mean . the writhing darkness that eats you up inside . perhaps change happened because i wanted to be set free from it so badly . working on stuff that we enjoy and are good ... indeed ... but how do we actually get motivated ? challenging oneself is hard work , and sometimes shoulds feel more like chains of not-good-enough more than a motivating factor . i struggle with this ... gengar _ ^ what he said ? sure , feelings are inefficient . they're messy and sometimes uncomfortable . if it were simply a matter of communicating facts , they are not needed . however , people like to ... kiriae well , i can only agree . everyone has their way of studying , and if you find practicing is not necessary , then there is no need . especially since it's really boring ... if there's no reason to ... yeah , emotions are pretty hard to understand . i found that if i put on some music , and immerse myself in the emotions safely , then after a while i feel more comfortable . classical is great , because ... yes , this sounds very familiar to me ... : unsure : i totally understand ! tt_tt i used to think that in high school ... and sure , i did okay . i got the 2nd highest final score ( like the american sat ? ) ... short answer , god said you must not have any other god than me . , and to be in relation with him ( christian ) , we are to worship and love him alone . so to believe in all religions or any other goes ... if you haven't found this already , this site is gold : top manga and their top manga list is pretty good . i've read ( or tried up to 1st volume ) around 90 % of the first 5 pages . and you can download ... sorry to get back to you so late . anyway , i figured out that it was my sister who gave me the dodgy info , and after some digging around , i found the article which she was ( probably ? ) referring to . ... why do you want to know whether intps are mostly atheist ? is there an assertion you wish to make ? sure , there are probably a lot of atheist intps , but a lot of the world is atheist , so i don't know ... if something is actually wrong : why are you asking this ? do you really want to know ? how much do i trust you ? what do you want to hear ? aghh , i let my facial expression slip , was it that obvious ? ... uni is pretty fun for me . i've been here for about a year . maybe because i'm in australia , in a small , laid-back town , so the profs are relaxed ( their jokes are as bad as ever , though ) , good vibes ... dear intjs ... i have just returned from a brief visit to a certain thread called , excerpts from everyday conversation . please , please reassure me that those first couple dozen pages are not ... hear hear . in some ways it seems that isfj are very trustworthy people . seeing as the only isfj i know can top me in any sort of intellectual debate ( i never want to get in a real fight against ... i don't need you as a friend . ? yeeep , jealousy right there . good luck when ( if ? ) you tell him . no harm in laying all the cards on the table . likewise , also very oblivious of the bullying that happened to me in primary school . i think having no friends hurt more than the actual bullying . sort of just stuck my head in a book and ignored ... i was going to say something , but became enraptured by jeremusic 2 ' s cube . - fin . is it a magic cube or a highly technological cube ? um . yes , f / t bubble . pessimistically , you don't fit in with ... it sounds pretty useful to have an arranged marriage system , as long as there is no pressure . no doubt your parents , being experienced in marriage , will be able to pay consideration to qualities in ... thanks for sharing that . your writing style is pretty decent . the problem is , most people aren't interested in our ideas ... maybe a bit weak , but the mentalist ? a bit off topic , but i've heard dahmer is very good . my classmate likes to talk to me about sociological / physics / psychological / futuristic ideas , then asks , what do you think ? instant spark of interest , now i'm following them like a lost puppy . i do find excessive bulk muscle ( the type you get at the gym ) to be gross ... preferring lean and slightly muscular . likewise , large hands with long , slim fingers , as they look capable of being ... yup yup , much larger ratio of male to female friends . my best friends are male , but unfortunately i've had romantic complications with all of them . probably they mistook my intense friendliness ... you guys are really so lovely . reading through this thread has been very soothing , in a way . sorry to interrupt ... my male isfj friend is likewise one of the loveliest people i know . i think he is ... agreed . and they can stare at each other with sparkling lovey-dovey eyes and exchange love poetry and sing love songs under their windows . the possibilities that just opened up are enormous . anyone who rebukes a mocker will get an insult in return . anyone who corrects the wicked will get hurt . so don't bother correcting mockers ; they will only hate you . but correct the wise , and they ... hello ! i'm an inxp split pretty close down the middle of f / t . i'm in a pretty similar situation that girl you described ( but i've never dated anyone : blushed :) i have a really great guy friend , and ... living and spending your life together with anyone takes effort and compromise . i'd like to think that it's a choice to love and care for your partner every day , through thick and thin . i think two ... since the purpose of this thread is to make the other fellow believers feel less lonely , maybe we can share some joys and struggles of being a christian ? and i'd like to hear more about your ... with people who sincerely care about me , and i care about , it's pretty meaningful . i've learnt to hug friends and people who want to hug , since it'll make them happy and it doesn't bother me too ... heh , yeah . people are sometimes surprised because i burst into tears and physically cling onto them like a child , and then suddenly analyze my emotions in a rational way , while tears are still ... heh , yeah . people are sometimes surprised because i burst into tears and physically cling onto them like a child , and then suddenly analyze my emotions in a rational way , while tears are still ... it's an all-or-nothing . if the emotion is controllable , then why not just be rational ? when we truly feel the emotion , it is only because it has overwhelmed the dam of rationality that was ... get yourselves to a psychologist . they've got a piece of paper and nice chairs . we don't . aye . most social interaction can be thought of as a game . therefore the first step to winning is to find out the rules . then you formulate the winning strategy . this is just a speculation , but maybe ... the ultimate psychological experiment . it's almost like being able to create a person , by the way you train them . add the child's individuality to the mix , some love , and various uncontrollable life ... '