' i like chess . but i play for 2 weeks then leave it for 2 months and then play for two weeks and leave it for two months , etc . i find computer games to be excellent because new games are constantly ... and yet that's not perfectly accurate . damn universe , not being perfect for our units of measure ! i agree with most of kevinaswell ' s post . i love physics . and history and math and biology and philosophy and history , sociology , astronomy ( i assume that's what kevin meant instead of astrology ) , ... it's too bright but other than that i don't see much of a difference . i don't know . but i do know i can't go high and i can't go low . i'm stuck in a very narrow range . it's quite annoying ... i don't . and then i miss my chance ... i tend to look at the bright sides . it doesn't take much effort for me . edit : contrary to op i don't sleep much , exercise , eat healthily , etc . my body is a mess but it doesn't stop me from being ... none . i'm not a big fan of music ... no way ! there are real people behind the avatars ? to be honest i'm just not that interested ... occasionally i'll want a girlfriend or something but most of the time i feel as if it were too much of a burden . i'm pretty content . and if someone were ... major depression : very slight dysthymia : slight bipolar disorder : slight-moderate ... it's my grandmother's birthday so i probably won't do much ... i used to be like this but then i started getting philled in . you look good without your glasses wut ? my glasses are more a part of me than my hair . just feel like pointing out that talking to yourself is fairly common , across all types . and it's a myth that it's a symptom of you being crazy unless you actually think you're talking to someone . in ... clear talent in this thread . lol , i read the entire thread and have reached the same conclusion as many of you daniel radcliffe . i don't look like him at all . not that i hate him , though . the intense fanboyhood this homophobic , anti-abortion , anti-anti-discrimination laws , dude gets . he's not a lot worse than the other republicans but their followers don't wield the same passion ... i will . 10 character limit blablabla ... august 2011 , that's not so old ... how old is this place , anyway ? ron paul 2012 ! ! great ! forget everything i just said ! ( or wrote actually ... ) one should read it . you know that's what l would do . this is hard . possibly richard feynman . maybe j . robert oppenheimer . maybe even gauss . i'm also a darwin fanboy . but i think my vote goes to william thomson aka lord kelvin . he did some pretty ... at least one , possibly two or three . funnily enough , if you go to certain articles this lines up with the more commonly known rule #34 . khan academy let him learn by himself and only ask you if he has a problem understanding . as a teenager i can almost guarantee it'll be much more effective . at least if it were me .  ... pretty much everyone here prefers the night , what gives ? but i completely agree , night > day . fred phelps and the entire creationist community as a whole . you have been pitied . does that even make sense ? 44 % , a realist it says . but the test is total garbage . i don't even consider myself very skeptical . semi relevant . i'm decent at olympic math and arithmetic but i'm not very good at memorizing a huge number of proofs and theorems . that's not a problem with conventional food products . the problem is how much people eat of it , you can live a healthy lifestyle while still avoiding eating organic . i can't speak for your specific tomato but generally speaking all evidence says yes . and i deny your claim that the other tomato is being grown incompetently . how is the burden on proof on ... the evidence is all inconclusive and most of it comes from a comparison of hormone injections vs cancer rates / whatever they're trying to find and ignore any and all changes in lifestyle since then . if you choose to listen to actual research then there is hardly a debate . there is no evidence to suggest that organic food is any healthier . edit : if you want to buy organic because you care ... doesn't have to be related . in fact there is little evidence in favor of it . until some standards as to what free-range means are adopted i'm not buying anything with that label . i call bullshit ! i remember 3.141592653589793238462643383279502884197 ! but then again maybe i am a dick ... it's very easy to remember using this classic . well lets say its effects are debated ... each to their own ... i'm just sayin ' ... tau . if i'm forced to choose between pi and e then it's e because pi is wrong . hate to break it to you but there is no difference , except the price ... specifically sections : consumer safety and nutritional value and taste i'm sure this has been posted before but i'm not going through 200 pages to find out . what pisses off an intp ? extroverted , nonsensical control freaks . since there is the nerdish one i don't see why i'd ever need another mood status : laughing : but in all seriousness i don't think there is a need for more . there are like 30 already . edit : ... lol someone necroed a 5 months old thread ... but anyway , i don't really have a problem with it . as long as it is not for too long . i don't believe in a god . honestly i find the whole idea to be a little ridiculous , just how did you arrive at that conclusion ? but i try not to be a jerk about it . especially not in real life . ... to be fair the greeks probably invaded troy because of commercial interest . troy is in an excellent location to tax greeks traveling to the black sea . there is evidence the greeks did travel to the ... it can happen but in general i try not to . if it's a close friend i tend to take it more personally . but as other said , we're humans to so don't be very harsh . '