' you know your an istp female when you tell the guy your newly dating you have the perfect movie to watch . he comes over and you watch the movie teeth . he gets uncomfortable when you say that's so ... packing your suitcase for the trip right before heading off to the airport . you look on the bright side when the airline loses your luggage for a weekend trip . now you have a good excuse for ... victoriab ... it is very well possible . i live in colorado and have been drunk in many parks ... haha 12849712850 5128513128 521 this may help . temperament part 2 : the mbti's 16 types and cognitive functions se : turn outward for emergent tangible observations si : turn inward for stored tangible observations ( facts ) ... kadia 2 i also agree with you . whatever the istp is interested in , they have the capability to be good at . i have become obsessed with economics . what camp are you in ? have you seen this ... ... my ni right now is almost as strong as my se . i need to whip it back into shape ... and my fe has delighted me in many emotional outbursts and uncharacteristic behavior . since learning about the ... if i was christian this is something i would think about probably more than sex . my close friends are starting to have babies . i didn't grow up around any babies , so getting used to holding one was a big challenge . i spend time with the babies because their moms are my closest ... objectivism ( ayn rand ) reality wishing won't make it so reason you can't eat your cake and have it , too self-interest man is an end in himself capitalism x93give me liberty or give me ... tzara ... bring it . i just scored 88 % on some psychopath test . fpx i like explosions and crashes . watching air crash investigation right now . oh please do ... i wasn't trying to invoke terror in the mind of an entj . just criticizing them like this thread was titled . it seems like you are assuming everyone wants to invoke terror . go ( enfj ) suck up to ... do you know the meaning of the word criticize ... enfj , feeling lonely today ? entj schedules too many actives in one day . we all know the distribution of types among the population . my question is why ... why are infj the most rare ? from an evolutionary perspective or whatever . why are isfjs so common among woman , ... supply and demand . more rare types are more in demand so a natural flocking to them happens . linda berens ( author of the understanding yourself and others series and dynamics of personality type ; telos publications ) came up with some nice short phrases and analogies for the perceiving ... $ 115 dollars to watch this series ... why don't they make it free ? i mean everyone deserves to know how dinosaurs fit in with christianity right ? i would rather laugh than talk . i have no interest in small talk , only do it if it makes the situation more comfortable , probably due to the fe . it's automatic . i only talk a lot when its a topic ... they order sushi delivery for your apartment unexpected . the intj says , you shouldn't have spend 50 bucks on me . i like him enough to not tell him it was actually 100 . one day i'll be rich ! i prefer chocolate ding dongs ... actually , istp girl ! ! ! i think istp out rank infjs . btw i think we have the same functions , just in a different order stack ... i was just being silly , but confident . why do you hate my type ? well , i'm an istp . not much to say because we are the best ! at first i felt like istp was most like intp . the further i dig , istp is a lot like intj as well . i envy most the most aggressive ... you find p people utterly disorganized , messy , random , dysfunctional . alex is my favorite character . she seems like a estp , but just guessing . this was awesome ! i have a 1913 grandfather clock . it keeps excellent time . still getting used to the chimes . when it is about to chime on the hour ( more than 8 times or a lot ) i walk away from ... yes , makes for an interesting day at the airport security with tsa . one blue sock , one white . i never throw away socks . i met a gentleman from india who refused to wash his socks , threw them away ... how to tell intuiting from extraverted sensing | the interstrength group nice explanation of differences between se ni and si ne confusion of types . i think you explained this very well . as an istp i have a very strongly developed ni , and only test 15 % s through the mbti test . obviously , its the istp that is the most curious . my only drive on this planet is to ask questions , discover why and how things work . that and friendship , love , and sex , and a meaningful career and ... you don't upgrade your iphone because , meh , it still works fine . you always have your cell phone on vibrate , because you can always hear it go off . i do things in retaliation just to get back at someone . even if i know that i shouldn't , sometimes i just can't help myself . i enjoy messing with people just to get a rise out of them . tend to get ... i also agree , i love to be touched and touch back . giving massages and getting them back is my language of choice and it usually leads into sex . if you really like the person and know what you are ... when you smell everything , not just food . like books and paper . the only winning move is not to play . hilarious , its actually quite natural for humans to see patterns that are not there because our our ancestors who over analyzed had a better chance at survival . taking the test , i score as an istp . i , t , p are above 75 % . s is like 15 % , so i felt like i could swing either way and maybe be an intp . but i'm confident i am an istp because i relate more to the ... yes , couldn't agree more . i like drama . when the debt ceiling comes up for debate , they only pretend to debate , everyone wants to increase it . it is all for show , but they are all on the same ... not into video games now . i did go through a sonic the hedge hog phase when i was 8 . and i remember liking bomber man . can we be friends ? yeah liking fantasy or not probably isn't an istp thing , excuse my ignorance . it's weird i love things like jurassic park , alien , star trek , independence day , jaws , how to train your dragon , ... your a feeler when you support the minimum wage increase . you think with your heart and not your brain . feelers tend to be traits found in woman and democrats . i have never been able to get into lord of the rings , harry potter , and others . i do enjoy some scfi though . i keep hearing about game of thrones , but haven't tried it out yet . is this an istp ... excellent question , i am wondering the same thing . i have a business idea and i'm thinking about pairing up with an intj type , or someone that is good of implementing ideas and is very organized and ... istp atheist i'm just now learning about the tendency of my type , istp , to easily fall into a dom-tert loop ( ti - ni ) , while suppressing the aux se . i've also heard of being in the grip of the inferior function , ... '