' man , a lot of ixxx's here . but if this floats your boat , not judging . anyway , a lot's happened since i was last here ; i moved , met some other singers , and as a result , finally discovered how i am ... poems , prose , song , any art form that doesn't ever get put into the art thread . it takes tears to learn that lesson the hard way :') glad to help cameras . he really likes ... wait for it ... cameras . not people , cameras . his ji dominant function isn't directed toward people , it's directed toward things . does he love to talk about cameras and ... when you make a yearbook advertisement in a way that makes people almost cry upon hearing and seeing it . hey , what's spatial direction ? i really don't know what it is ... i ' make ' my own music , just bursting into song at times throughout the day . that's how i am an artist . hrm anyway , the music i listen to is music that i can pour my emotions into no matter what my ... why is everyone here still on fears about relationships ? i mean , it makes sense to take everything into account , but sometimes you just can't do that ... for us , it's on relationships that we can't ... it'll be better than it sounds , i hope ... umm anyway there was a poetry thread ... that .. died ... and an artwork thread ... that appears to be pictures only ... but nothing on any other language ... fi-se : no act of kindness goes unnoticed . attention grabber . feeling for isfp's is more easily expressed nonverbally . if you can show your feelings through body language and quick but warm glances , ... my friend ( working on better , mind you ) made me smile today . we played frisbee in pe . everything today has sucked but that . that is the only reason i can think of to actually make sense of things ... deep blue , dark red , and forest green . deep blue palette would be blue primary , white / gray in far less abundance and , if placed correctly , in equal amounts . looks really nice . dark red and ... i second ... no , third ? the post above me ... because i have similar issues at times . it's like ... like you want to talk to people , want to spit out a random observation or something you've been ... who do you think is more quiet , isfp or infp ? that's just nature for a majority of introverts . it doesn't rely much on type when you think about it that way . it more depends on which one of them can ... so you see a picture . i would see the picture , i be like , ok , what about it ? because i see a picture . plain and simple . se . can you try to find hidden meaning ? durr , of course . it's not that ... doitright . dora ? explored ^ ... or was it raichan explored ? ? ? thumpity thump thump thumpity thump ... hehehe .. i need not say more . for the guy in your sig : falalalalalalala fail ! in a pres . bush voice : my fellow americans ... in the midst of a global economic crisis , my strategery for avoiding the public eye in this ... things get steamy between me and girls . things get frosty 10x quicker between you and girls . .. problem ? * edit * i just looked at the last post date . sorry for bumping ... i migrated here after the enfp voice thread just today . and now i have another song . two recordings of me doing two lines of the ... if you wanna be my friend , go ahead . i'll even give you my thumb ... looks like you might have been sucking your thumb for a little too long ... ehhheheh plasmabeam i ♥ disthred beautiful ! uh-uh . no morpheus 83 rainwizard unfortunately , the person who rescued him was a zombie , who upon saving him killed him and ate his brains . youaredumb whatmyname not our kind ! not human ! i hereby declare you a nonperson . tencharcnt ( to answer , if spaces count as characters , then yes . ) problem ? rofl yourmother you misread the above post . problem ? cleaning is repetitive in action and tedious as well . not worth energy used in the process . not to me , anyway . maybe it's an unconscious way of compensating for wrongs , of the person or of ... mine ? i didn't know i could ask to have it changed . it's just my name . ' gross ' was changed from ' grossenheimer ' during wwii . german last name . hebrew first name . waddaya know ! yes , first a backstory , to ' lead in ' , as to why i started this thread . stupid of me ? yes . yes it is . screw the norms . hrm . anyway .. after going to a friend's house because i had depleted my ... i can finally see the resemblance between you , your avatar , and mary poppins . don't talk about her mum like that ! she's a nice lady ;) lol i think the hospital switched you and him at birth . then dropped both of you . luvlypictr okay ... definitely not a panic attack ... i want to get the f * * * away . not agoraphobia . i can see someone , even myself , refuting what i'm about to say , but here goes : i love how there's so many nf 6 ' s here . you guys put it in a way that sounds just right to me ... it's really ... no , no ! my soul ain't yours , mas'r ; you haven't bought it-ye can't buy it ; it's-been bought and paid for by one that is able to keep it , and you can't harm it ! - - tom , uncle tom's cabin . learn ... it didn't help much but i'm more sure that i need to follow the instinct . i always chose flight before ; it doesn't feel good to stay . okay , sam , never jump into the fray . once again thanks . fireydemon yes ... that is true .. although anxiety will drive to a different goal than a positively-oriented counterpart ... well , that's not really what i was talking about ... i meant that around big groups of people i always get a certain feeling ... i used to instinctually interpret it as ' run away ' ... ... thanks ... '