'    hi beautyfromashes ! i am one :) . ( i am not a registered counsellor though , my professional background is actually in social work ) . i've also volunteered in the area prior to working ...  i have been described or could imagine others see me as : kind , eccentric , funny , silly , self-absorbed , gentle , quiet , ' too nice ' , a ' good person , ' reflective , intelligent , insightful , pessimistic , ...   ...     ... hi robin thanks for posting this--you're showing a lot of strength in getting this out here in the open . i can imagine that is difficult , especially since you are saying your family ... i'm feeling proud . i'm a youth mentor and my mentee ( little sister basically ) is showing a lot of independence and strength in her life transitions . i really like the experience of watching people ... for the most part , i like being single . i've always been someone to value having the opportunity to develop who i am and to figure my life out . i like to have the space to do that . it's something ... thank you too alive ! great idea : smile : i'll go : joyous : . something i admire about myself is that i see the positive in what can be seen as ' dark ' situations . or , rather i see the shades of gray in life's difficulties so i am able to ... i think it's okay not to know or spend some time figuring it out . i recognize though that there's a lot of pressure--i certainly felt it at the time . there's also the potential to pursue both in ... i wouldn't . i think people should be free in their individual emotional expression and that there should be less stigma surrounding the less favourable ones . also , i'd say there's a lot of ... i swear i mostly listen to these while thinking of certain people in my life :p layful :  and ... for ...  ... i learn best through reflection — basically when i ’ m given ( and when i give myself ) adequate time to process information . also , i learn best when i am personally connected to my work and learning ...  just my opinion but your friend doesn't necessarily sound high-maintenance to me . perhaps self-conscious by what you have described but i don't know if i see this as being ' high-maintenance . ' as ... ... to me it is getting insight into how people become or became who they are . basically , how people can ' show ' themselves through small actions . i really like those sorts of subtle expressions or ...  ... i'm pretty inattentive to detail when it comes to grammar / syntax / etc . i'm also pretty unaware of the placement of objects ... that being said i am very attentive to detail in some ways . i am ... close / long-term friends : infj ( s ) , exfp , enfp , esfj , istj ( s ) , estj other friendly people ( either those i feel i have lost touch with , who are newer to my life , who i see every once-in-a-while , or ... thanks for sharing :) . i can relate to being called an introvert or extrovert depending on the circle i am in . and , yes , i meant how you see introversion ... not necessarily in terms of good / bad but i ... i'd say it depends which personality type you identify with ( not what others tell you ) :) . ultimately , people are on a continuum of personality so i don't think persons of any type should be ... i'd woken up early , and i took a long time getting ready to exist . - - fernando pessoa life is never made unbearable by circumstances , but only by lack of meaning or purpose . - - viktor frankl ... resilient '