' when you have to wait on someone for something and they intentionally draw it out to keep your attention for as long as possible . this is probably the thing for me which has the biggest discrepancy ... i'm actually not against small talk , as long as it's more of a bridge to real talk and not extended . tips : ask a lot of questions , especially about whatever you're interested in . think of ... hmmm , kind of ... not really a stranger though . i do compartmentalize my emotions , so that although they can affect me , they're not part of me . i personify my emotional side , that part of me isn't ... yeah , i actually used to be really into writing in my late teens / early 20s ( nothing i'd really like published , just interesting things to kind of get practice for things i actually do want ... guys , it's important to be unique ! and different ! don't worry about others , just be yourself * ! stand out ! * unless a part of who you are resembles anything common . then you should be someone else - ... well apparently i'm the only non-modest intp ! because if it's an sincere compliment , without any ulterior motives , that i agree with , i usually respond with some version of why thank you ! and yes , ... intp-infp-estp . entp , i'm rather attached to my functions . wouldn't mind being an infp or an istp either . it seems exhausting to be an intj though ... or any j for that matter , it just sounds like sooo much work ... oh wow , this makes me feel really unobservant . because i probably wouldn't notice if someone displayed zero emotion . i mean in any case i kind of just assume that peoples ' facial expressions are what ... nothing ? anything i can think of that would stop me pursuing him would mean he didn't fit perfect criteria :P i can kinda relate but kinda not . i'm actually coming to a point in my life where i'm becoming less egotistical and more empathetic , and as a result i'm less depressed , although it took a long time ... fears : not being able to provide for myself and my daughter , corruption ( of myself ) , cockroaches , public vulnerability . i was a manager for two years at a movie theater . and yeah , it was hard at first for me to tell people what to do . tips : don't ask them if it's not actually an option . a way i found to do this , ... i mean i don't care if there's a bunch of type me threads or anything it just seems more convenient to sticky one typing thread .. a benefit of stickying it is that the op could mention some basic ... well i can't speak for everyone but i'm not against the popular opinion or doing what everyone else does . i have my own values , morals , standards , opinions , etc . but whether they happen to coincide ... it depends on how much the way people perceive you affects your life . if meeting new people all the time is a big part of your life , keeping up with current fashion is important . but if i'm a writer ... no man i can't handle this on my own well just based on this you seem to have a slight perceiving preference but are better organized than most perceivers . it's kinda hard to tell for sure based ... guilty ! well not the grammar nazi part , i actually hate it when people correct other peoples ' grammar . as long as you understand what they're saying , why call them out on not following rules ? but ... we need the entp to come up with the overall goal , and to make people think they want to be taken over . they'll also help to keep the alliance working together rather than against each other . their ... name : yorisen astrological sign : aquarius personality type ( mbti , duh ): intp age : 27 no , i don't think astrology affects your personality . i don't really know that much about each sign so i ... probably like a 3.5 , i feel like i understand all of the cognitive functions really well and to the point where i can try typing people by their personality as a whole rather than adding up the ... ok here's some questions as a starting point , these are questions i thought of when i was trying to type everyone i knew when they weren't sure of something . you're going on a trip . which would ... i often imagine what it would be like if i lived in a time and culture where i was expected to wear things like that . i mean i like them it's just ... you know ... i also like taking about 2 minutes ... to get him to open up : be direct , but not aggressive or critical . ask him questions about himself in a way that glamorizes him a bit , but not in a flattering / manipulative way . for example , tell him ... yeah articles like that should really be called if you're a man / woman exactly like a typical man / woman portrayed in the media , you should realize that the opposite gender , if they're exactly the way ... yeah supposedly the best matches are ti-doms with te-doms , si-doms with se-doms , etc . with the same perceiving function . extraverted judgers tend to stress me out a lot , but in good cases it's ... well , just for funzies : gryffindor : sps slytherin : nts ravenclaw : sjs hufflepuff : nfs i only spend like an hour on the internet a day . i finally figured out how to keep my dishes washed , laundry washed / folded / put away and house not messy a little less than a year ago . it's still ... i think less in terms of my society and more in terms of the world . i wouldn't mind living on someone else's dime if by supporting me they were investing in my future contribution to the world , ex ... i'm the same way , i wouldn't necessarily say i have social anxiety but i definitely get a bit keyed up and stressed in social situations . i'll do things like ignore people in groups so i can talk to ... ahahahaha ! but do you jaywalk all hunched over and awkward trying to hide it ? it doesn't matter what you say because my mental image is of a guy with the same posture and expression as your avatar . 1 . willing to commit to lifetime monogamous partnership 2 . willing to ( eventually ) discuss most relationship issues objectively and with overall relationship happiness as a goal 3 . honest and at ... i used to be able to remember things really well ... when i was younger i had ocd and around the time i was 10 it was getting to point where it was interfering with my life . over a period of 2ish ... of course , bill knew that the feelings of peacefulness and security weren't simply a a by-product of watching the lights ; it was a command , sent through the light patterns and into his brain , that ... this is somewhat vaguely related to the topic , hope you don't mind - i've only read the first two but i have to mention something that really bugged me . it seems like a theme was that , if you have ... aww , thanks ! : blushed : my original intent was for it to be only funny but shit kinda got real accidentally . sneaky poetry ... no , but here's a haiku just for you that i've been working on for quite some time : anarchitektur probably has a penis because he's a male . when i see you ... what happens in my head reminds me of the origin of the universe because i don't understand it i mean there are theories of course , i understand those but there's not enough ... it starts off as something positive : i'm going to just accept the things i can't change and ends with something negative : ... so i don't care anymore . ughh ! why did i teach my 4 - year-old daughter critical thinking skills ! :P 1 ) are there any non-pet lovers out there ? if so , why ? i love pets , don't have any right now though . i have not the resources :( 2 ) which non domesticated animal are you most interested in and ... lol ! i mean i realize that they can't exactly control their emotional reactions , just how they respond to them , but yelling at someone who can't hear you ? or my favorite is when people will yell at ... my mom asked me recently if i actually never get angry or if i internalize it , because i was the chillest kid growing up , and the chillest adult now . i really just hardly ever get angry . my younger ... i think intps like talking about ideas with other people and redefining , clarifying , adjusting those ideas . the best medium for that is typing on the internet to other people - when you're talking , ... i think that innate intelligence isn't all that important to survival of the species nowadays because , here's the thing , dumb people can still learn and do intelligent things . you can't teach someone ... ahahaha .. and here i was thinking i knew things properly . i wonder what would happen if they did that to a baby ? you simply can't activate all neurons in your brain at the same timr . it's physically impossible - i don't know but it seems like people who claim this don't realize that much of the brain controls ... my mouth gives it a 10/10 measure ? i'm not claiming to be able to measure achievability of standards . but for example , i would never marry someone who wants to say , murder my daughter . that's a pretty easy standard for most ... from all the information i've garnered , most humans use around 100 % of their brains , though obviously not all at once . the vast difference between humans is what they use their brains for , and how ... '