'  ehehe have a great time everyone =D to travel in between semesters and maybe take some months to do it too after i finish my degree ... also meeting interesting and nice people along the way =) have a great day everybody =) ps : i'm not depressed ahahah ohh booo ... he is just cray cray : wink :  to drink about a week ago i discovered that filthy frank ( yes , the weird / funny guy on youtube ) makes / made really cool music ... your dog is hotter anyway hope you all have a great day =D 570162 vinniebob the doors - celebration of the lizard ( absolutley live ) 567770  567650 hope you all have a great day : wink : it happens to me too =P n powaaa ehehehe hello , universe_inside_my_head ! ( eheheh it looks like i'm saying hi to myself beacause of your user name =P ) i think your going to enjoy it here ... ' till next time ... au revoir ! =P ahahah funny that you asked , but no xd it as to do with my name , i know ... i'm original * sarcastic * you know about santos populares here in portugal ? because it's going on right now , all moth of ... yeahhh finally someone that was been to lisbon =P if you ever came around and need help you should sent a post xd do you travel alone or with friends ? i guess both ways have their ups and downs am i the only one that gets the meaning of this xd it's funny but has kinda of a sadness attached to it . in a certain way i can relate # enfp ... i really don't want to be at home too xd i usually go out to lisbon in the weekends . i enjoy having a good time with other , especially foreigner since i like to meet new people that are in a certain ... hello matt , how are you ? :p roud : i'm glad you found perc =D there are alot of good people around here ! i'm pretty certain that you will make some friends here =P you are not just an introvert , you ... let's make a toast ... to hodor 526818 kinda numb ... like something in my life is missing =/ you can always say you are diabetic and the person will feel bad for saying that and will probably stop =P i'm joking ! ! ! you can always say you too or be creative =D i don't mind sleeping 5/6 hours a day ... the more i sleep the more i want to sleep so my problem is that if i wake up at 8 or later ... i feel like sleeping more 72h studying ! ? dammm son that's ... i want to sleep but i need to study hi grimsol , welcome : tongue : 517186 you can say i was a really nice kid . i was friendly , wouldn't throw tantrums , friendly and respect other kids and adults ... also had good grades as a baby ... always smiling and eat all the food ... to be truly free so do i , dissonance , so do i :) well mister dissonance , it's time for me to go . i shall leave you to your moves and interact with others ;) it was a lovely night indeed sir drunk parrot , congratulations ! i'm sorry i can't stay ... dissonance oooh that's a really nice song ! thanks =D i'm always looking for new music another one to the list =D yeahh , you'll be a great dancer =P at leat a great jiggler =P yeahhh nice outfit ! ! ! you came xd people ... look what i found xd dissonance , it wasn't the fairy dust xd it's your inner dancer that wanted to aww everyone p . s : i'm actually dancing xd lets boogie =P yaasss queeen eheheheh =P eheheh do the hustle * sings along * dissonance yes , that is great =D step by step you will get there . you can jiggle and tap your feet too xd well ... guess people don't mind this song ... right ? ( i went through all the djs ' songs =P ) dissonance , you can choose another song =p i when for one ... dissonance , i will help you in this one =p just relax and follow my lead xd dissonance humm ... yeah ... i think so . want to help me find who did it ? ;P 516370 why so serious you shouldn't worry xd maybe they are still getting ready dissonance this is another album from them ... i've never listen , so ... let's hope it's good xd 516322 i've been listening to the other link that i posted and for some reason it kinda fits the scenario , i guess xd dissonance aww i'm glad someone listened to that part of the album xd '