ya , you do seem like an nf to me ... that is , at least , if your original post was mostly true . as was stated previously ... yes it is extremely difficult to tell sarcasm from sincerity . that , is a great compliment . we take pride in our ability to do so . lol , you didn't even mention downsowf ... and we don't get offended ... we just troll . and just about every other word too ... trolling aside , this ^ definitely helped me a lot . i relate to many of the intp's on here and the test doesn't always give you the right answer . so , i would suggest doing what downsowf said . time to ... who ! ? what ! ? ... oh , it's you . you're back ? i thought we scared you away ? oh well , guess we couldn't do it . no ... come back ... i was only kidding ... nah nevermind . make a red cabbage ph indicator , it's extremely easy . take one red cabbage , blend it , mix with some water , strain it into a cup , and tada ! a ph indicator ... meh . sorry , i already beat you to it . edit : fruitless venture or not , i'm too lazy to delete my posts . me 1 - pretty good imagination , if i do say so myself . 2 - more interested in science , but i don't find english to be that bad ( social is much , much worse ) . 3 - ya , i always tell the truth too . 4 - don't ... wow ... nothing in white this time . hehe , we've got a real english major here . xd , sure does . ya , just about exactly the same thing for me . about 413 or so people in our school ( pre-k - 12 ) and about 15-30 students in each grade . and almost everyone is esxx or exfx . so , the bible says that something happened ( like a flood ) , scientists find evidence for this happening . therefore the bible must be true ( at least in some aspects ) ? how can that prove that there is a ... still in high school , but i am basically considered : weird , a nerd , smart , annoying ( no idea why , i don't even talk to them ) , reserved except around teavhers i respect . most people think that i ... 3.14159 ... i eat pie all the time ! i'll keep that in mind . but what you said about memorizing right before the test basically describes my entire experience with english classes . and cookies , don't forget the cookies . lol that's hilarious nonetheless that still sounds very interesting . xd well i have looked at him a bit especially since i'm in high school physics atm . thanks both of you . both answers are going into consideration but , since i am most likely going to go for physics , i am probably going to see how it works out for the first year or so . anyways , any ... well thank you . i think . maybe . hmm . lol . btw l is my favorite character . so , i am planning to go to college for physics . i was already accepted at my top choice college . but the questions i have are these : is anyone here a physicist or taking physics in college . do you ... i don't mespell anythig ... dur but yeah i do sometimes mispell until and lots of others that i cant remember at the moment edit : i just fpund another word ... misspell as you can see in the above ... ... you cant screw a nail ... unless thats what you were aiming at . it depends . i took a japanese course a few years ago ( can't remember much though ) and i was outside of my comfort zone for the first few days . but people started interacting with each other and it ... thanks , that's a great idea ... now i don't have feel so akward when someone walks in when i'm talking to myself i talk to myself a lot . sometimes it is to weigh my ideas , other times it is to try and see what it would be like to act differently . basically , it's to test different things . it is also usually ... hmm , i hope you don't land near my house . lol ... fuck ... someone hurry up and make an everlasting life potion ... * dead * i would probably say somethinglike that too , at the end at least ... don't know what else . that's making me really hungry now . silver some rocks , not many though . what do you love most ? thanks and yeah it's awesome with how it's big . hello my fellow newbie . hello there , i am new here . i am an intp , i think . i don't know mich about enneagrams so i can't tell you that . anyways , i'm just typing this to get started so ... hello ! : ninja :