' yellow and orange . cool site ! thanks ! going camping . camping supplies eternally furnished i hope . no other campers allowed - only animals ! ;) for me , intense = sexy . other attributes and gender are secondary . isfp - i like rpg , pretty slow paced , 1st person only . i prefer adventure games ( as opposed to shooter games ) like elder scrolls and thief . my all-time favorite is morrowind , although i've got it so ... i may have to steal that one . i love it ! ! do we have a thread like this ? looked , can't find one . 149250 hey ! i resemble ... .. er ... resent that ! : laughing : maybe i should change again ... according to the post below , i'm sx / sp instead of sp / sx . either is pretty accurate , but the hyper-intense dominatrix just sounds so much ... cooler ! : cool : ... hi . i'm suzy and i'm a 4 because on online quiz told me so . i've always marched to the beat of a different drum ... in a hippie sort of way so of course i'm a 4 . makes perfect sense to me . : ninja : 145513 kyusaku very insightful . bah haha ! : laughing : that person that is over at the edge of things , happily by him / herself and who has been mesmerized for 10 minutes by a ladybug ( or a leaf , a squirrel , someone's dog , drawing in the dirt with a stick ... i am not agreeing that all infps are annoying - we are all unique individuals . but since this thread caught my eye , the only trait i find annoying about the infps that i know is a tendency to ... yes . that's a whole different ballgame isn't it - our love for our children , that is . 143386 that is all . i am the complete opposite of almost all , if not all of this . yes-exactly . except for with my kids . i grew up in a home where my mother completely over committed my time . i wasn't able to just be - and i was always around people . ugh ! i probably do have issues with commitment . and what you are ... just for the record , i am not neurotic and don't think i have many issues . i am however very very commitment-avoidant - even with platonic friends . it's nearly impossible for anyone to pin me ... definitely true for me . it's hard for me to get attached to someone and i'm hard to get to know . i have a very hard time making a commitment too . ( ... almost gives me anxiety attack just thinking ... i always have . recent pic - - 140937 my profile pic is recent also . i am over 40 . my quarter-sleeve has begun . 140873 1408 81 thank you both ! i am still looking for patterns , but had a crazy day at work and didn't really get to start recording data today . i'll start tomorrow though . i have an idea for a chart . so do you think your mom's primary motivator is feelings or principles ? my guess is feelings ( just hidden under a tough exterior ) , but i don't even know her . ;] yes , you answered it ! your decisions are rooted in your principles - just as mine are . for me , everything stems from there . empathy or conforming to social standards are the results of filtering ... 1 . do you think you have as a guiding principle ( whether intentional or not ) through life , to try to stay out of the way of others as much as possible ? yes . i absolutely hate to make phone calls ... i'm copying your question onto my ( digital ) notepad . this is going to take some thought . great question - and great story / explanation ) . i do the same exact thing , by the way . this will be fun ... i know - it was a hard question to convey ! it took over an hour to get the question in my head in an understandable form . :) to get this straight - you do usually follow social conventions , if you ... yeah - none of us like to be put in a box - stereotyped . but i think most people have a primary reason they use more than the others . i have an answer for myself , but i'm holding out for a few ... figuringitalloutasalways i believe most people use all three but most of us have a primary . i have a friend who feels others ' pain deeply . she responds ( mostly ) out of empathy . my dad ( and i ) ... i think social conventions vary greatly from area to area . i am in the deep south / bible belt area and fairly rural . my specific area is steeped in tradition and conventions that are sometimes just ... wow ! great list ! most of these scare me too - except the unrelated ones . ( i love all things nature-even ants . ) 1 - do you normally follow most social norms ( conventions ) ? i don't mean things like laws or rules at work . i'm referring to traditions and social behavior . in my area - southeastern us , these would be ... i have the opposite problem . i have a pretty serious lack of empathy . i'm not a mean person - i just don't feel it . sometimes i wish i could . it's just not there . i act on principle alone - so i ... i'm not an extrovert , but i lurk here because it is interesting to observe my flip side . it has nothing to do with romanticism or desiring to be ' complete ' . it's because in a way i relate and am ... beware ! defective or missing heart . do not attempt to date or befriend . commitment . speaking in front of a big group of people . surprise ( uninvited / unannounced ) company at my house ( horror of all horrors ! ) well put . i'm known for my brutal honesty - seriously . if you met 10 random people who know me i bet all of them would mention it . ( and most of them would also mention that i'm crazy but that has ... though i've ever doubted my isfp-ness in the past , there is no doubt now ! haha ! you could have been writing this about me ! ;) isfp and infp both love nature . infp might love reading about it , looking at pictures of it , thinking about it , planning their next outing . isfp would much rather be out in it - experiencing it in ... i just inhaled my koolaid ... : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : you made a really good point - i'm in my 40s and my personality is much more balanced than it was when i was in my 20s . also , i've developed coping strategies to help me thrive and survive in my ... i know exactly what you mean . ;) thank you ! once i got on the isfp subforum , i knew it was my ' fit ' . also , i found a group fellow isfps who are in the intj grip a lot of the time and another group who is also not nice . i guess ... well , someone who knows more about mbti is welcome to correct or clarify this answer , but isfp and intj use the same functions . when i'm in the grip i'm using my secondary functions which are the ... ok - big question . this is one of the reasons i was typed ( here ) as an isfp . i am basically logic oriented unless my values / principles are involved . i did 2 questionnaires and that was probably the ... lol ! no - i love them ! ! : laughing : speaking from an f point of view , many ( if not most ) things , i don't feel strongly about . so in most cases my emotions don't affect my thinking as much as you would think . at work i have to make ... i used to think i couldn't possibly be isfp because i'm too aloof . but feeling doesn't necessarily mean feeling toward people . i'm feeling toward my dogs and my passions ( nature , hiking ) and my ... '