' : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : : laughing : actually not being people's person helped me to get on well with kids i am tutoring on occasion . as i don't bullshit them and give them some elementary ... only when i catch fire and ninjuku-renju is a variant of gomoku : wink : yet it is big gov we constantly see pandering to corporations and abusing it's power to create laws and enviroment that makes it difficult for small businessses and self employed people . you argue ... i think this is not something anybody ( barring anch-cap folk ) is saying . the libertarian point is that power begs accumulation of more power and people in goverment and state offices are just as ... caeser as good 50 % of western players i found out through hikaru no go too :-P ;-) . i enjoy all aspects of learning really . sometimes i do tsumego , sometimes i just play , sometimes i have strong ... there have also been cases like just barely age of consent girl giving bj to her few months younger bf convicted of statutory rape and put on public list too ... hysterectomy maybe ? irritation ? often i find people are lacking knowledge or depth of understanding to follow my thoughts and it takes effort to contain irritation and just explain . getting better at it with time , ... have you even bothered to read anything but that one short sentence from my post or have you just ignored the rest ? i find it extremely disturbing that i can be accused of rape and my reputation ... both :-) i just won straight 6 games on moravian open event actually :-) sorry for latence of my reply . i thought i will get an notification or something . thanks for all the replies . i think fair point to be raised is that i am more against hero worship than actual concept of a hero . the thing is that i noticed that a lot , especially in american ... definitely no . castration shares same basic problem as capital punishment . it cannot be taken back if you make mistake sentencing innocent . the idea is very disturbing . especially nowadays when rape ... the problem i see here is that far pseudoliberal left hijacked mainstream public discussion and set up left extreme as a new normal making . when absolutely and blatantly ridiculous concepts like ... pilgrim _12 : i am quite impressed you took the time to read study and analyse it rather carefuly . i need to stress what i said before that even among libertarians there is wide spectrum and also that ... dulcinea : i think you hit a nail on the head here . big gov . wet dream are people who are essentialy children unable to take care of themselves and make their own decisions so the goverment can play ... that you can bring forth hypothesis without having reasons to and than ask others to disprove it . idea , that is very basis of religious thinking ... joseki are hard man ... this will be very minor contribution to the discussion but regarding anita's videos on gaming i found it little manipulative how of all the whorehouse scenes in witcher 3 she picked one where geralt ... wanting to tear down monuments means society that is uncomfortable facing parts of it's history . and it is positively stupid to judge complex historical issues like slavery with modern mindset and ... in short i was always libertarian . ever since i was a kid i despised bossing and bullying and only later i found that it is called libertarianism . now it is important to mention that there are ... so here i decided to share some thoughs i have been brewing in my head for quite some time . it struck me when reading about that pilot who managed to land plan on hudson river and there fore assured ... speaking only for me personally i hate being injured . the failure of my own body and weakness / disability is very humiliating . i'd say do not be overbearing and ask help beyond usual only when he ... 702882 for the record i would probably stay away from canibalism . too scared of kuru disease . wait . it's a phase . as in there is an end to it ? ! : laughing : wisteria : in that sense i definitely agree with you whole-heartadly . every trend will have outliers , every cathegorisation scheme will always be merely a tool to better understand reality . in using ... some time ago i have discovered this amazing board game called go - many of you might have heard of it in light of recent google ai surpassment of best human players in it . and i have fallen in love ... i try to not to lie to concrete people . when i was a teen i had compulsive lying habit as a way to protect myself against hostile enviroment ( high school ) - i don't nowadays . i feel little to no ... when i spend tens of hours searching the internet for the best wristwatch / go stones / headphones i can get at my price most closely fitting my requirements especially regarding practical side of issue ... i am cultivating what i like to call jim morrison 1971 look full beard and shoulder long hair . just because fuck you society . to me 1990s are just another step down from 60s and 70s in quality of mainstream music . the closer you get to the current year , the more out of mainstream and deeper into relative obscurity you have ... quite frankly . i think ( post ) modern feminism is silly and deeply flawed idea at it's basis . in fairly equal society it goes hey , let's solve problem of coexistence of sexes by talking about problems ... nicoloco 90 : i totally agree with you . the way that the political correctness , pathological tolerance of the intolerant and generally totalitarian leftism has gotten out of hand is extreme dangerous ... i will get to avoiding procrastination later . oh , definitely punisher . cause he doesn't fuck around : laughing : i went out for a 17km jog and it started raining , like totally pouring down when i was in the forest . rain always makes me feel super cheerful and joyful so i am running in there howling , screaming ... my brother who has much stronger preference of p over j i extremely good on not having finalized opinion on anything . no matter on your position he will always oppose you though he usually has no ... you tease haha ps : you witcher fan ? no , fucking , pillows , on , my , couch also help to always keep stocked on eggs , meat and whey protein only touch my headphone amp with utmost love at care ( second only to my penis ) allow my to ... for me ? psychedelics , most definitely . i love learning more about the most hidden compartments of my consciousness . knowing my own soul so to say . i love how they unlocked my thinking to work in ways ... from my experience no . most enfps i know value conversations that make them feel good . for most part dicussions do not . becouse lot of you people take it personally when your views and ideas ar ... allright . i think this will ruin my image as a music affitionado . but fuck it . here we go . don't hit me .  ... i have finished this fantasy trilogy few months ago and was quite taken with it . it is fantasy , which is my favourite genre . yet very fresh and unconventional . imagine adult harry potter with more ... 456786 my homemade hackjob modification of polar hrm belt to fit on zephyr one . had to cut off the plastic so it can be mounted . zephyr ones seem less sturdy to me and are not locally availible . i found out this totally awesome online radio that only ever plays 1964-1968 garage music . hooked nothing , absolutely nothing well . with psychedelic drugs setting is of prime importance . dmt has kind of burnt-plastic technical smell reportadly which might encurage such experience , espetially if they are expected . freebase ... i would say yes to a degree . thinkers usually take things more on the face value . it is not inherently deceptive behaviour per se , at least in the way feelers think of it . it comes naturally to them ... yes . starting to regret it ... hallucinations are the least important thing about psychedelics experiences . on lower dosages you barely get any . the way they change perception of self and the world , the way they open the mind , ... psyvhedelics , mainly acid and shrooms changed my life for the better in revolutionary way so much i can't even put it into words . i got deep insights into how my self works , what is of import and ... '