' i love men who never wear the color pink because it's girly . i love men who lift weights and get big and take care of their physical body . i love glasses too , i think they're cute . i don't like ... you're handsome xaiban :D i know ! ! loool i always think that there should be timed sitting where the people who have been standing up too long will switch places with the people who are sitting . i really disliked seeing old ... loool too true . you say something that's been bothering you and then you regret it right away because of that persons reaction to it . : sad : lol no , my only second life is skyrim . can't get to the mirror ... too lazy ... will ... post ... results ... when ... possible ... but do you think that the test really works ? ! well i guess it varies with each individual , but yes , it does disgust me . just thinking of having a sexual relationship with a woman is extremely repulsive to me . i didn't intend to offend you . you're so cute ! you're so nice ! thanks for listening , you're the only one i can talk to about this how do you always stay so positive ? you're so religious not true at all ! :D the thought of being with another woman disgusts me and if a woman shows interest in me that way i would make it clear that i am not interested in her and if she didn't get it or ... maybe she doesn't roll that way ? maybe she prefers men ? you did mention that she had a crush on a guy .. i know it hurts , i've been in your same situation once .. but your father is right , you really do need to stop being depressed ... i know it's not as easy as it sounds , i wish that i had a button that ... i wish my dad was nicer i wish my mom was less anxious all the time yes i feel more comfortable around guy friends . i also have girl friends but with guys its more fun . maybe its because im more of a tomboy i like video games , martial arts , parkour , dirty jokes ... all ... i would never say true hurtful things to someone i'm in an argument with ! there had been times when i got into serious arguments with bestfriend and she would say the most hurtful things imaginable ... i have no idea ! :( i've been trying to find out ... maybe they come when i'm stressed out ? ? ? :/ of course good looks give off a good impression , but what will truly lead you to success is your good actions and not your good looks . true ! i have to express my feelings or else i would feel like an emotionless zombie . feelings are wonderful and every feeling is justified . usual procedure would be to evade then when it is no longer evade-able , i confront like no tomorrow . yeah it happens to me sometimes when i'm not sure about something . but i don't think that it's you not having an opinion , as you said someone pointed out that there was something bad with it and you ... eeewww lol loool cephalonimbus almost 80 % of my dreams involve me being chased by a serial murderer who wants nothing more than to kill me . eeek ! wellsy what you need is a hot girl in bed ;) rabbitheart ugh , i'd hate to have to clean that . my favoritest food in the world is oatmeal soup : my own creation of course ! ingredients : 1/3 cup instant plain oatmeal 1 cup milk 1 tbsp cinnamon powder 3 walnut halves * brown sugar or honey for ... well fuck it . if she hates you so much why try so hard ? i personally don't give a rats ass about someone who doesn't appreciate me . i am straight and i am against homosexuality . marriage should be between a male and a female . peace . annoying people , people who nag , not being able to beat something in a game ... my dad makes me angry ... the world . what's your favorite time of the day ? i'd go in a corner and bitch about my life . tell her why wouldn't i love you ? what's there in you that's not to love ? also , it might not hurt to mention that while she's crying , feeling pity for herself , there are people out there who are ... if you suspect that she will seriously act on it , then call the police and they will handle the situation . also , it wouldn't hurt if her mom found out about how her daughter feels . sometimes , ... if the internet didn't exist i would either be reading a book or watching the stars . aww i love your wedding style so unique ! is the style based on lotr a lawyer married a woman who had previously divorced ten husbands . on their wedding night , she told her new husband , please be gentle , i'm still a virgin . what ? said the puzzled groom . ... subject : 6 reasons to think before you speak ... body : here are six reasons why you should think before you speak - last one is great ! have you ever spoken and wished that you could ... separated by a common language women's english yes = no no = yes maybe = no i'm sorry . = you'll be sorry . we need = i want : sad : don't hurt animals .. for decades , two heroic statues , one male and one female , faced each other in a city park , until one day an angel came down from heaven . you've been such exemplary statues , he announced to them , ... one day , a man came home and was greeted by his wife dressed in a very sexy nightie . tie me up she purred , and you can do anything you want . so he tied her up and went golfing . ... things you can only say on thanksgiving : 1 . talk about a huge breast ! 2 . tying the legs together keeps the inside moist . 3 . it's cool whip time ! 4 . if i don't undo my pants , i'll burst ! 5 ... a boy and his father were playing ball in the front yard ... when the boy saw a honeybee . he ran over and stomped it.don ' t do that , that was a honeybee , his father said , he wasn't doing anything ... yes , this is the thread for all those jokes that infp's think are hilarious ! if a thread like this has been created before then by all means delete this thread and refer me to it . if not , then ... loool so true ! also everything else you said is true , especially the debate part . i love debating but sometimes i don't because like you said i'm scared or i just don't feel like spending ... meh , i whisper it anyway , i guess its because i'm a girl i wont be perceived as a perverted sex offender as much as a guy would lol refugee loool so true ! sometimes , when i'm bored of listening to someone i feel like cosmo from the fairly odd parents with elevator music in my head . honey , suicide is not brave . it's actually a very cowardly act that some weak humans commit to escape their problems instead of face them . we're all going to die someday and we'll have forever to be ... i go with having lots of loud sex . oh yes ! ! =P '