' so today a friend of mine , who almost never catches on to sarcasm accused sarcasm as coming out of insecurity . i admit that maybe once or twice i used sarcasm in an aggressive way but in general i ... i love really emotionally driven music that is written with wit and intelligence . music is the easiest way for me to express my feelings without feeling to vulnerable ... oh also , i've learned to always go with my vibe or premonitions about people or events . i tend to be able sense when something bad or surpemely wonderful might happen if a certain person , or string ... i have always been really good at observing relationships between people and predicting how things are going to end up , even as a child i remember telling my mother if i thought her friends were ... i am secretly ( only with my boyfriend ) really lovey dovey , and send lovey texts and write sarcastic , but still really love infused things ... i mean i usually have to counter it with a joke ... but i ... i think the hardest thing for me and other entp's i know is having the ability stay on task all the way through a project and not just jump from big idea to the next , without focussing or ... is it possible that charlie sheen is an entp ? because i can ... ha my parents are intp entp it has forced my mother ( entp ) to be more organized and more feeling ... but its a very interesting and hilarious dynamic . we really ought to have our own show ... my poor ... ha i definitely have full conversations in my head ... like trying to figure out how other people will respond if i say x , ... it isn't very healthy since once i have the convo on my head the actual ... ha sounds like me , and i am an entp ... all the other types to fill in the gaps , while we all sit around contemplating how to make the entp village better ... and never getting around to doing it because we can't stop arguing , making ... ah , i am sorry honey but i cannot see a universe where an isfj and entp could possibly coexist for an extended period of time ... someone tell me why i am wrong with a well thought out argument and i ... whenever an entp says something nice , or emotional a mean comment or a distasteful joke must come after in order to balance out the soft stuff . oh man that always used to happen to me , so now i cheat , and keep a wad of sticky notes and a pen beside my bed just in case .. of course i never get around to any of the brilliant ideas anyway but ... heathcliff is not an estp , he's more an intx all i know is mercutio is badass and a definite entp and r & j are two of the most annoying characters in all of shakespeare . like seriously ! seriously ! you've known each other for like 2 seconds , ... yeah i love it too ! i was wondering what his personality type is . still not convinced he's an enfj ! but you could be right ha ughh sometimes true & i also try to judge people based on who they would be under nazi rule the hitler's the mengele's the people who stood by & did nothing the people who gave their ... yes ! but not so much with personal relationships ( because i think i subconsciously make these things happen ) but with other people's relationships or other things . & people get ticked at me if i say , ... i don't really understand what this means but i am always an 8 sx / sp / so ? ? i don't even know where to begin with wings . i don't know if this was your meaning but i do make awesome gifts ! i like to last minute go to the dollar store buy a bunch of cheap but useful stuff stick it into a reusable container , flourish it , ... my best friend tested infp btu i don't believe it . i don't know why but when i read the profile it just doesn't fit . i think she's an isfp , but i can't figure out enough evidence to prove ... basically , i just don't feel / want to believe that this body & material world is all that there is . i don't necessarily there is any power up there imposing their moral agenda on us . but even if ... i always though to juno as entp , but maybe that's just because i am an entp and everyone who knows me and sees that movie thinks i am just like her . i put atheist / agnostic . but i do sort of hope there's a higher power . ... when u bothers you because , seriously , can't you just type it properly ? ? but then you would use u to save time and energy urself . elizabeth bennet is an enfp ( in the book ) - keira knightley can't act so that's probably why it doesn't match up darcy is for sure an intx i won't accept anything else . jane is an isfj , her and ... i can't explain why , but the way your messages come off it seems more f ! i know that's wierd . i think to really know you would have to pinpoint how you interact with people , feel about them etc . what ... yeah i was going to mention that zach seems to be a bit autistic too ... but he's also a bit of a caricature add on to my previous statement ! ( sorry i should have read this first ) i have this exact same thing , and i suffer from borderline personality disorder . i wonder if these sorts of things are common ... yeah i cry all the time , usually when i am alone . i love crying , but i usually only do it because my emotions have built up & it can sometimes seem out of the blue to people who witness it ( if ... well you can , since i am ( well borderline ) yeah ! i feel that way too . whenever a waitress is nervous or stressed out for example , even if they are acting totally cool i can tell . people don't believe me , but if i ask them they usually break ... i find i can recognize what they are feeling , and tell how people are feeling . but i have a hard time actually sympathising and / or caring , when what they are feeling is extreme for the situation or ... well first of all you should lower your standards . that might help . second of all stop whining no one ever gets anywhere through whining . third , the key is to only take classes that you are ... ha , when i did my gr . 12 english project on orwell's 1984 my group and i were speculating who would be what type of person in the society . some were proles , some were being watched , some were middle ... hahah sounds like entp friends ... just always be honest and i know it's been said a million times but be yourself , that's just true for any person no matter what type . oh and don't take anything we say too seriously , unless it is ... ha this made my day . what about rusell ? - seems sorta entp to me ... i am going to say taht i don't completely disagree ... she actually isn't that stupid , i don't think . i think she just doesn't care ... she admits she's a shitty actress , it's not like she is unaware ... why so sure ? she seems impossible to type since lady gaga is not who she really is . what does this mean ? i mean what are you trying to say ? ha because i am interested but i don't understand . you don't know what to say ? or they don't ? ugh yeah i hate when someone who i was ok with / liked / respected suddenly does something stupid or irrational i can never ever think of them the same way . my expectations of people are always way to ... stupidity ! yeah into the wild i cried because at the time i watched that movie i was very similar to chris in the movie wanting to go off and stick it to the man and whatnot and i realized how selfish and ... into the wild ( i cried ... for hours ) becoming jane inglorious basterds when harry met sally les choristes the thin red line the original star wars trilogy star trek ( jj abrams ) ferris ... that's great but you didn't say what was the dumbest thing , thus making your post slightly dumb '