' it's a well-established stereotype that esfps are independent and like to move from one thing to another without being tied down a lot . but all personality types are capable of falling and staying in ... knowing someone lied to you , but not knowing why ... what to do ? it ruins the feeling of the interactions ooh , baseball bat reminds me of flcl and once i thought of that i thought the ramones have a sort of similar-ish style to the pillows too ! i mostly think that it's easy to mistype as an infj without being one . not that i'm trying to defend an infj's rarity , but in real life i used to be part of a group of 3 ' infj's and it turned out one ... 1 . the ps4 menu idling music is so annoying 2 . that video of that fake hippy guy saying ' if meat eaters acted like vegans ' ... i know it's meant to be ... talnfj hey , nice to see new politics getting love ! are parodies and covers allowed ? because get lucky definitely always just reminds me of the league of legends parody get lp but without knowing ... ooh , no contest , definitely reminds me of this waiting a little is probably a good idea , but a month might be too long . maybe a week ? just casually asking her how she is , if she wants to vent at you or anything . obviously you can't force it and ... oops , a depressing direction , sorry ... i more or less just agree with what user 87 said if she has something going on that's preventing her from committing i think it's really not you . if it were me , i'd appreciate for the guy to stick ... visuals absolutely . not sure what else to add to this , but my view of the world is kind of just overlaid with this network of meaning . 1 . when people cancel plans last minute that really gets to me . when people cancel plans last minute by just not showing up and don't have the decency to tell me they're cancelling ... it causes blind ... do you dare to label yourself as a feminist ? how do you embody this ? - yes , absolutely . i always have trouble feeling like i embody any of my morals or stances because i'm so quiet i don't go ... bus stop , finally ! traveling since yesterday now just let me sleep . incidentally , haiku are supposed to include kigo , a phrase associated with a season . and juxtaposition . let me try again . ... can you tell us what it is now ? as for the sleeping topic , i work while i sleep . i'll pick something i need to solve , start thinking about it before i fall asleep , then i'll be just about solving it when someone drags me out of bed ... wow , i'm interested there are a lot in common ! i agree with these two : - sleep with a pillow between my knees - must be covered in a heavy blanket even in the summer and i'd add i also like to ... every single time a mealtime rolls around i wish i could just skip it for convenience's sake . it seems like such a hassle to figure out what i want , get it organized , eat it , then clean up after ... i think either should be fine . i love ne in all its forms . my husband's an entp who i think was an enfp when we first met and started dating , i loved him then and i love him now too . my sister's an ... on the positive side : - i love drawing , particularly character design . it's just really exciting to put together aesthetically pleasing outfits and physical representations of characters and ideas ... oh yeah , that happens to me . as others have pointed out , it's basically ti's fault . it's not even always that i'm being contrary , but sometimes my brain just gets stuck on that inconsistency and ... my current avatar ( and only one , as far as i remember , i don't think i had one before ) is a self portrait . i drew it on my birthday as my birthday celebration . i like to draw , so setting aside time ... when i stray from my usual social bubble it just puts a huge spotlight on how different i am from the average person ... especially here in the pacific northwest where i am vacationing , everything is ... i've only ever dated one person and i married him . entp . clearly it stuck . if s / n conflict is the biggest issue i think i would be okay . my dad and one of my best friends are both isfjs so i have plenty of experience with si-doms . thank you for the information , it's very ... my real name actually is duciel . actually it's my middle name . my first name is sarah . i've got a whole story just about that . when i was a kid my parents and friends called me ' ducie ' . when i ... i'd love to hear more about your experience with infjs ! i'm really interested in infj / istj friendship dynamics but i don't know a lot of istjs personally ( or i probably do , but i don't know their ... of course they can get along . it doesn't mean they always do . from my personal experience i have an entp husband , and entp childhood friend , an intj friend who i share really strong mutual respect ... i personally think it wouldn't hurt if you were to ask her herself whether she'd prefer company or time to herself ( in the context of asking her if there's anything you can do ) of course in these ... more than anything else , emotional intimacy and a constant insatiable drive to pursue creative work . i never do , but a lot of the time when i try to explain a problem to someone else i solve it right away . so maybe talking to myself would help . my isfp friend talks to himself all the time . i'm more ... i'm married to an entp and my childhood best friend is one too . i don't see them as simply hilarious or crazy . i love the way they think , they're like fountains of ideas and they have a lot of ... i totally get that . i feel like all of the most interesting parts of me are impossible to express so when it comes down to it i don't express much . i find ' fun ' in my own ni world and not the se ... i feel like this all sounds pretty normal and that dave might be reading too much into it ? they both like each other and she also has some other friends . i wouldn't pathologize it by calling it ... going again . sorry ? is that okay ? a specific disease you absolutely don't want to get in this lifetime ? i'm really afraid of arthritis because i draw ... that and dementia because it's terrifying ... you'd like to learn , but have no idea how to go about it : how to write music you think is an amazing idea : this thing my isfj friend came up with where at new years we each take turns playing a ... well , i'm married to an entp and i find that to be a perfect relationship . i've gotten along really well with all enfps i've known , but didn't have romantic feelings for the . and estps are really ... the enfp i know best is my sister and we get along amazingly well . we've had about 3 fights in our entire lives . and with siblings that's kind of a big deal . the thing that most annoys me that she ... i'm entirely passive . the few times i've tried to initiate , it's never worked . i like to let the right people come to me . the people who bother coming to me are typically people who are worth having ... this post reminds me so much of how my entp husband talks about me , it's hilarious . i read it aloud to him and he kept going ' yes that's so true ! ' in a very affectionate voice , then wanted to hug me ... personally i sometimes just forget that i never responded ... i think i have a few messages in my inbox now like that ... i read them and then i couldn't think of what to say , so i put it off and then ... “ whether you think you can or whether you think you can't , you're right . ” - henry ford whatever you can do or dream you can , begin it . boldness has genius , power and magic in it ! - goethe ... my husband often gets frustrated , telling me i let people take me for granted all the time . i don't think i do . i think i decide i want to help someone and i do it and i don't care what their ... i'm so sorry you feel that way , i understand that too , i was wishing just yesterday that i didn't have to be an infj , but we have strengths too . i hope you can find that . i feel a fairly constant sense of loneliness and disconnect from the people and world around me . i'm basically trying to be an entrepreneur instead of trying to get a job . i have yet to see whether it will work out or not , but it's definitely my preferred method of dealing with this problem ... i don't relate to any of them very much at all , to be honest . the test gave me so / sp / sx but i wouldn't stand by it firmly . all three of them sound like they're just half wrong and the other half ... i definitely agree with not liking to be touched by most people but feeling very clingy towards my husband and needing to hug him and hold onto him to ease my stress . i think with a lot of people , ... '