' i'm not infj , but this happens to me all of the time , with the most random people , and in the end we are sitting there staring at each other and they say i really have no idea why i told you all of ... to me it conveys more of a feeling of angry depression , like there is no closure , and you just have one more thing you would like to say , so you are stuck stewing on it . also for some reason the ... lol nothing tops christmas vacation : my favorite came out by accident ... i was having a bad day ... and right after i dropped my favorite bowl and it broke into a million pieces i exclaimed : damn a fuck ! ! ! ... shit ! ! ! it has ... i take a multi vitamin + iron and biotin i wouldn't say that crowd noise energizes me ... its the energy of the people around me that gets me going . i do very easily get swept up in the energy of those around me , in whatever they are ... im snuggled up with my favorite cat shimo watching tv , making the best of this rainy evening before work in the morning . im putting up my christmas decorations : laughing : enfj - teacher : shocked : i always get told that i would make a great teacher ! i feel like my fate is sealed lol having a wonderful day off ! ! ! wo0t ! : tongue : hmm ... i do have an older brother but he is 8 years older than i am ... so i suppose i would be considered the oldest ... drat ... my younger brother is still the baby lol this enfj is the oldest ... blue enfj : laughing :  just got off from my first day at my new job . its about time i get some human interaction . woot ! i am freaking fantastic ! lol , just got off work . how are you ? dominant , eclectic , sensitive , amusing , dependable ironing ... i freaking hate ironing ! stupid scrubbs ... makes me so angry ... stupid wrinkles ... rawr lol helllooo fellow enfj ! welcome ! : cool : i primarily recognize people by the way they walk , and the shape of their body . hey , hey i wanna be a rockstar ! hmmm ... this almost seems like a good launching pad for my quest for world domination ... : crazy :   show ...  show me a yummy breakfast omg ... i've read his books , and i really wish he would finally finish a dance with dragon's sometime this decade . book one was by far the best , but i'm somewhat dissapointed with a feast for crows . ... i dont understand it either ... it's just an odd thing ... my husband decided once to poor all of the left over water into one water bottle ... i wouldn't drink that either . lol ! the crust is the best part ! i dip mine into sweet and sour sauce : tongue : when i eat chicken nuggets from mcdonalds , i eat all of the crust around the chicken nugget first , and then i eat the chicken lol , and i never ... ever ... drink the last two inches of water in any ... wondering how my husband can be so dense ! rawr : angry : i personally know phoenix 400 . he is my favorite stalker lol : tongue : show me what is most important to you awww that does suck : sad : especially because vii is sooo much better than viii . im sorry :( have you tried going to any used book stores ? i know the ones around me carry videogames ... or any pawn ... just got done with a yoga work out ... so now some relaxation time and a movie ... what to watch , what to watch ... hmmm show me destruction show me snow at the beach : yawwwnnn : going to bed ... goodnight all thank you verrry much :) lol show me a crown roast i've heard liv tyler quite a bit by your side ~ sade  show me something furry '