' how my bestfriend's gf bought me double the liquor i requested . she wants me to pay for it all ? damn my moral compass . i still to this day occasionally surf the net for new cool virtual pets . im a total gamer . i can easily solve others moral / relationship / personal problems , and present a short and clear solution . but when it comes to my own , well to put it best-ahhh . anyone in the same boat ? yeah the first 15 minutes i was on the fence , but after i thought about it , i feel completely justified well , maybe discussing a time were you just let your anger go on some one , to a smaller or larger degree ? i purchased something from a person who i am only slightly familiar with , and it was half the ... ok most of my life , when someone tried to cheat / disrespect / trick me , i just let it slide off of my shoulders . i felt guilty for not standing up for my self . i usually put on a mask of it doesnt ... bi-polar aye ? yeah when he is around his girl he is completely diff ... maybe shes his trigger lol . hahaha nice . ok basically best friends for about 5 years . the last 2 the relationship is off / on . i think he is estj , he took the test , but it was a while ago . anyway , i have always been respectful , and helped ... anyone scared of something uncommon ? im terrified of open water . wtf is down there ? oh yeah , not to be cute / different , i am dead ass serious about being scared of octopuses . they have fuckin ... im scared to make a list . when i complete it will i die ? welcomebuddy . my feelings exactly . your life will be better . ( or at least easier to deal with ) fuck you goku . someone asks you question , and you know the answer , but you still say uhh / umm like your thinking , before you respond . eminem perhaps ? i sleep better in rain . yeah its crazy . im spazin about it . * backs away slowly * hah thanks . no grape then . smoking is more my realm . drinking im a lil bitch the only thing i learned from 2 1/2 sem . of college . im dwelling on how i have called out of work 3 days in a row , and i only have a doc note for the 2nd day . do you think that bs will fly with my boss . im the host . not much of a drinker but i ended up with a gallon of cpt . morgan . what do i mix it with ? ive got pepsi and grape soda mybest friend is estj . its odd , most of the time i want to slap the piss out of him my cool watch . i was a nerd to the core . harry potter , dbz , alot of books . i feel like a 48 year old man in a 20 year old body . ahhahha i loved that show ive got lounge cancer lol . sike i dont have cancer : bored : . i think cybin pretty much wrapped that up , maybe aggressively but his heart is in the right place . i certainly hope you smoke . thanks given . anyone watch inyuasha ( sp ) i got picked on for about a year in middle school , then i started responding . what i said was usually more insulting my best friend from 9th grade is enfj . he is a little more open than i . we always always have deep discussions . we have always had a love / hate relationship . its kinda annoying . he will ignore me , and ... sometimes i clean / reorganize . i would say i am a canvas whos borders have been painted but no middle . the painter cant decide what color comes next . i just loled my pants . idk about all that all i kno is bama sucks balls ... generally . yeah 1:37 is going to f me up for the night had to shut it off then . besides the demonic cat eyes shit that song was hellza cool . i love any song with a piano . rock / rap / eh a little country too ... what did you say i wasnt listening . lol i detest when someone doesnt respond . i always think they hear me but are just being a bitch . im 19 until july . then i transcend . oh yah gundam and zoids . now that i think about it im going to download the whole zoids series .. i gotta argue that dbz consideration of yours . it was manga , then the anime was created . i have deep rooted feelings with my dbz lol . i watched g . i . t . s if i ever saw it was on but never made a point ... i love it . my 3 1/2 year gf is isfj . best friends for about a 2 years before we dated . nice tits too . did / do you watch ? i worshiped dbz as a child and still do . pokemon was a deff fav of mine . yu-gi-oh always ... and home movies on adult swim if u wanna count that as anime lol ( idk even know if ... i would like to think she does , but im a dude sooo i hope she isnt lez ... : mellow : omfg i felt exactly like many of you are saying . you all articulated way more than i could to my gf . i felt like that when i moved away from my house on a bad note ( both times , but the second time i ... yeah i have to use street names to get anywhere . me and a buddy ( entj ) have both always cracked each other up by asking each other dumb questions like what if kids who shit there pants , had to wear a brown shirt the rest of the day ? i have gotten lost several times on they way back from work . i am horrible with directions . i have lived in the same moderately sized city for almost my entire life . i still cant drive anywhere further than 5-10 miles from my house alone w / o making a wrong ... well weed is legal in italy ( but still controlled ) so maybe it was some potent stuff . people react diff so maybe weed isnt for you ? weed doesnt have the substantial effect of making me forget the ... i have always hated the way i sound when i hear it aside from when i am actually talking . i also detest the way i look on camera . i look lost to be honest lolapalolza : crazy : '