' wow . i was actually listening to the radio about something like this and i feel that in relationships people change and we can't always expect people just be ok with certain changes - - especially ... i'm definitely a homebody . i love to just grab a blanket and watch movies or read . if i do go out to hang out , it's usually just with a friend or two barefoot at the beach or the park . i'm not a fan of exercise per say , but i do feel better after working out . i take kickboxing classes and exerting all that physical energy is really mentally cleansing . currently ( well in august ) working on a msw - - trying to become a lcsw / therapist ( if i can get myself together ) . my major in undergrad was psych with a double minor in creative writing and philosophy . so do you think it's possible that you could encounter a soul mate and it just not be the right timing ( or what have you ) and so you don't realize it ? i think you have an interesting ... i dislike the fact that i have to write in order to express myself - - it's kind of a gift and curse kind of the thing . if i don't write for a long time , i have like withdrawals because there's too ... so are you saying that there are multiple soul mates that you may encounter during your life ? if so , i can get down with that theory . if that's not what you're saying then ... i'm ... i'd be the one smiling at people as they come in as i sit on the couch and text ( or in some cases , pretend to text ) as i people-watch for the first hour or so haha . i'd really just stick to the ... i believe you are destined to meet some people - - maybe even marry them but to think that there is a soulmate out there would just ... eat me away inside . i think everything has to do with timing and ... i think it's funny how some people think plastic surgery somehow defies the aging process . they don't seem to know how terrible ( and terribly obvious ) they look . i love to see people age ... it actually annoys me that extroverts are somehow seen as better . like , uhh ... i'm sorry that you need other people around you to be happy . coincidentally , however , a lot of people don't know how much ... yes lorelai haha , i am really terrible about being passive-aggressive especially to my boyfriend . he'll ask me how i feel and it's mostly just me agreeing with things because it takes me a while to ... i think the only thing that keeps me pretty sane is writing . i actually hate that i have to write alll the time but if i don't get my thoughts out on paper , i literally start shaking because i ... i honestly wish i could give you a hug right now . not a 2 second , pat-you-on-the-back and go our separate ways kind of hug but a real effing hug . a hug that will soak up all of your pain ... this is a really good question . i found myself thinking about it a few months ago ( my 25th birthday ) and before that , i never really gave age or aging too much thought . i guess it's partially true ... 4w5 this makes me seem extremely anti-social and always depressed . although i do like to hibernate a lot and like to be ( or am comfortable being ) sad sometimes for no reason at all ... i don't have ... justjac thank you for that : happy : i'm just trying to find things that i can improve on - - and i definitely need to be more assertive , as opposed to passive-aggressive , especially when it comes to ... well i'd like to know what kind of things you learned from each other , if any . i'm sure that since you're still good friends that you've talked about different perspectives on things ( maybe ) in ... i'd be interested in an infp male because we have so much in common but ... i'd also be a little scared because i know difficult and complicated i can be . why don't you enlighten us on how to woo ... ok , i've got another one that a lot of people tend to hate but sucker punch ... also possibly off topic but still a good movie , rachel getting married well i wish you many run-ins with infps . i'd really like to meet an estj , i think we could learn so much from each other - - or it could be a disaster . well ... i wouldn't think that how i look should be a factor on personality cafe . i like people to focus on the things i say , which is why i have the avatar i do ( to me it symbolizes the inner beauty ... this may have come up before but being that estjs and infps are exact opposites , i'd like to get their thoughts / assessments on infps ... someone ( kaleidoscope socioapathetic ) tell me ... ... my interest has peaked ( or piqued - - damnit ) ... what is your idea of amusement ? i mean ... what does being friends entail ? indieandsoul aahhh , you stole the words from my mouth . to add to that list , i'm going to go with : - grease - moulin rouge - the sound of music - the rocky horror picture show random page from one of my thousands of journals . judging by the content , this was three years ago but my writing still looks the same . is someone doing a handwriting analysis ? this boy's life and let's not forget , the man in the iron mask ! yea ... he has evolved into a righteous actor , he picks amazing roles - - brad too ! ha ! i just read the title of this thread and rejectedreality i too thought of jeff who lives at home because i watched it yesterday . i totally get his philosophy on life but i mean , i'm not a stoner ... i love tom ( 500 d . o . s ) but as an infp , sometimes we can be a bit of a summer finn . we love to be loved and wanted but as napoleon said , sometimes we're a little fickle . we love to just connect and ... ummm ... - when people try to sound intelligent and say conversate , it's converse ! ! ! ( if i had only one pet peeve that would be it ) - people who can't handle deep conversation / you know the ... umm ... i'm going to with regina spektor , hero . in my life , basically , i'll pull through anything because i'm the hero the story .  i'm glad i got an intj opinion . i think you guys like to be the hero in the situation , like we're some poor , delicate , scatter-brained damsel in need of your help - - and we do need your help ... seraph 114 - - i am grateful for your insight , as i can follow the truth in it . i suppose the answer is always balance and we are still working to find it . fiel - - ahhh , you sound like me haha . this ... his complaints are usually focused on how i always seem to be in a different zone , he never knows what i'm thinking ( and when i tell him , he just says oh ) , and basically that i don't really notice ... you know you're an infp when ... - you get irritated when you're thinking intently about something and someone interrupts to say , what are you mad about ? - how you feel at the moment trumps ... i have been in a relationship with a male intj for about 5 years now and i still feel like i'm walking on eggshells when i'm around him . i have yet to really relax around him . i don't know why i'm in ... i'd be really upset if i woke up and was 100 years old , so option 2 . experiences give the best stories . i don't want to live like an old robot . the particular sadness of lemon cake by aimee bender everything haha - never let me go - swing kids - for colored girls - a walk to remember - dead poet's society - alpha dog - the passion of the christ - gia laughter . zoning out the rest of the world with a good book . writing . hugs . park swings . sunny days & cool wind . silence . i'm going to combine a few i've seen and add to them : - into the wild : has some really prominent philosophical theories - good will hunting : finding the courage to grow even if it means leaving ... ahhh ! ! ! i love ( and hate ) both of those movies ! ! no wonder you're married , you have great taste in movies ... frankly my dear , i think i just fell in love with you . i got relations of benefit ( me being the benefactor ) . isn't this a bit shallow ? basically if he figures out he doesn't need me , he's out . the only way it works is if i'm settler and he's the reacher ... '