i used to be the confidant of a whole forum . they all trusted me when none of them trusted each other . i also seem to take people under my wing and help them through stuff . in fact i'm doing that now ... forgiveness isn't the same thing as keeping yourself open to being hurt by that person . you can forgive someone and cut them out of your life . forgiveness is something you do for yourself so you ... she calls you pig , you call her pig fucker , i call it wishful thinking on your part . that would be taking life too seriously , one person in this thread knows what i mean by that . why point out the obvious ? kill it with fire would work better , nice try though . another infj , staring into the abyss . then my last life was pretty good . but i'm not engaged , married or in a relationship and i have no plans to be . i also don't have nutsacks . i have no illusions about how things really are . i also don't expect people to be anything but what they are . i may live in my head a lot but i know what's going on . i don't remember us ever getting mad . trying to remember how to navigate this forum again after being given another link . poetry too ? i have one that seems apt . when i look in the mirror what do i see ? is this the same face that i wear outside ? do others see ? what i feel inside . i just had to look , haha . i don't think it's possible to shut off my mind , i am always thinking . i can go back and forth and work on several things at once and keep track . i'm not sure how much of that is being an infj or if ... i've never met any other infj face to face though i have talked to one in im's . i pretty much did the same thing with him that i have done with other types . people come to me to work out their ... i pretty much get along with everyone . interesting huh ? no one ever accused me of that . maybe because i'm a good listener and i tend to take care of people . what about female infj's ? i've made a career of toning it down . the death stare , oh god , it's what drives my mother crazy . i always believed her when she said somehow i set her off . but looking at the thread , i've been both . as a kid i could be alone for hours ... it's the best type for me because that's what i am . i don't think the other types suck though . i just figure people are what they are and i respect that . to be honest , i've felt like that with my family all my life . i felt like they were just tolerating me and i wasn't really like them at all . at some point i decided it can't really matter , i have to ... i'm not easily offended either , on another site they called me untrollable . i've done a few things in my life . i ran through a woods that was on fire , i climbed buildings . i kayaked the mississippi even going through the locks . i also used to walk through really bad ... well if i wasn't able to get private property , i'd never be able to do a lot of things i want to do . i'm talking about making things which i'd hope would enrich society in the long run . i don't give ... well if i wasn't able to get private property , i'd never be able to do a lot of things i want to do . i'm talking about making things which i'd hope would enrich society in the long run . i don't give ... science is a series of educated guesses and a process of proving or disproving them . sometimes a theory that has stood the test of timme does get overturned by new evidence . scientists are people too ... i'm not sure about blowing something like that unless you blow then collapse the individual petals . i know you can manipulate the moltan glass to make things like that and i have heard of people ... yeah they can be . my best friend is an intj , we meet on another forum . we both thought each other were cool people and just started talking . i'm closer to her than anyone including family . in 5 or 6 years we've never ... i finally have enough posts to post pictures and i found this thread again , here are 3 cards i made . the first is a block print , the 2nd is watercolor and the 3rd is colored pencil . ... i've never been drunk either . when i turned 21 i gave myself a limit and i've stuck to it . i probably was high with my pain meds . it might have just been me being hyped that the pain almost went away ... dragging my feet about going to bed . they are plowing across the street anyway so it's pretty loud . the perils of a living language . when i was in grade school , ain't was not in the dictionary and we were punished for using it , now it is . things change . if enough people use it in a particular way , ... why did you continue to smoke 9 times if it didn't work ? eh , i hate the feel of the morphine , vicodin and crap i had to take for pain . i don't understand what people get out of drugs . more to the point , i wonder if i should know their name . i've actually been friends with people for months and if you asked i couldn't tell you their name . everything else sticks but it's like i have ... there's not much that they can do to me . i don't post my picture on the site and haven't updated any info since before my accident and move . my name is rare but if someone finds it they can find out ... i'm chewing on unpopped kernels right now . i never went to starbucks and now with my medical condition i don't dare . i enjoyed that clip . edit : and about that quote about a man lying with a man as a man does with a woman . somehow i think most if not all men lack a vagina so i'm guessing they have nothing to ... my sister is straight and went to her prom with a girl . this was in the 80 ' s too and there was no problem . it seems kind of weird people make an issue of it . yeah , i went into research mode . there's a spot somewhat between the eyes and under the brain where the gland sits . the pocket it would fit in is empty . there is a name for the condition but i'm to ... when i was in high school we had a big kiln and i could work with ceramics . i was getting the hang of it when i graduated but i haven't been able to do it since then . i have no kiln or studio i can ... that's fine , i assumed as much and i'm not mad . you feel what you feel but you choose your behavior . so be mad but be civil , haha . yeah , i've faced several things . i had a bus bench shoved into me by ... i don't really want to be negative . i didn't get a lot done today but there is always tomorrow . well i am speaking from experience . end of hypnosis know that the last three years of my life have been pretty bad . i could feel sorry for myself or i can choose to be happy and look to the future . i ... i was wondering that myself . i didn't suddenly get stupid when my nerves were damaged .