' for choral : the harmony of the spheres - by joep franssens ( choral piece based on pythagorean mathematics ) five mystical songs - by ralph ... fuck astrology ! let's talk about the babylonian origins of trigonometry : wink : . great choice in empires . why do people keep writing islamic empire ? there's no such thing . the empires of the moors , arabs , and ottoman turks were not the same at all , even though they shared the same religion ... there seems to be this belief that heavy fe users shape their entire lives , values , and belief systems on whatever society collectively believes is right . this implies that infjs are incapable of ... and therein lies your problem . european and american loaning programs tend to be egregiously skewed in favor of the lending institution . this is made worse when banks realize that they can ... empires always fall because they are unsustainable . it takes too much money to rule the world , and finance constant global militarization and propaganda campaigns . it takes money to constantly bribe ... my favorite person in the world is an extj . but contrary to extj lore , she's the most emotionally mature and open person i've ever met . i'm not sure if any personality type collectively works well ... i'm not really a dubstep fan ( i prefer trance ) , but i found some melodic dubstep / brostep that's to die for ! ... i haven't taken a math class since 2006 , but now that i'm in a statistics class ( for psychology ) , my love for math has been rekindled . there's nothing more satisfying than being able to solve newly ... sometimes i speak too intelligently for those lacking basic comprehension comprehension skills . so i'll reiterate my point in more simpler terms so that you can understand me :) freedom of religion ... you're right that the most fundamental issue is the lack of secular laws protecting lgbtq people . but sometimes even that isn't enough . for example , while it is generally illegal to discriminate ... religious freedom isn't limitless . similar to our system of governance , freedom of religion is subject to the natural boundaries that comes with giving the same freedoms to other citizens . and this ... i think you should change your post back to its original contents . you know , the part where you addressed another user by her real name ? i thought posting private details about people's lives was ... that's so beautiful :p roud : . honestly , i'm not sure personality types will help with anything in this situation . what caught my eye when reading your post was the part where you said your ... unfortunately , gender and race tend to be equally important factors when it comes to discrimination in elementary , middle , and high school . but discrimination in school is such a broad category , i ... yes , i was told this by uttermess ( thanks , dude ! ! ) . here are the links for anyone interested in reading what they had to say . korrasami confirmed | mike dimartino bryan konietzko the only thing ... the missing piece of the last scene , i feel ya : sad : . i haven't been this emotional in a while . i guess i'm also sad to see the avatar universe end . wait , i know what will make me feel better : 243346 2433 38 edit : i ... guys i'm so fucking happy ! it's 6:40 am where i am . if i was next to the love of my life right now , i'd wake her gorgeous self up and show her just how happy i really am . does anyone else feel the ... eternal , i hope you're saying ... what i think you're saying ! don't play with my emotions , girl . * runs off to watch series finale * i'm scared to watch it now , because of your reaction : crying : . i have a feeling something depressing will happen . i cut out your spoiler when i quoted you , so i don't know what it said lol . but how did you see the finale already ? where did you watch it at ? i've never been in relationships with the people i've experienced genuine , passionate love with . the first woman that ever showed me passionate love , was an enfp . we grew up together . i was in love ... hmm it could explain why i like asami so much ! exfjs can have that protective fe energy that i find enthralling . hmm i'll keep enfj in mind as write my korrasami fanfic :p roud : . korra is on season 4 now . have you been watching it ? i buy my episodes on amazon . and i never thought of asami as an enfj . for some reason i viewed her as an isxp . but now that you mention it ... i'll ... i like the direction they're moving him to . also , bolin is coming into his own as well . i love it ! i can't stand korra as a character , but damn ... i love the romantic subtext b / w her and asami ... for legend of korra : book 4 , i have only one thing to say : korrasami ! ! ! 228402 that is all ... my problem is that i use cartoon and cgi interchangeably . but i meant the cgi show - the one that came on cartoon network . it's a pretty damn good show . it gets really dark towards after awhile , and ... i also would use a style that oscillates between forms ii & iii . i think form iii would be my default way of fighting , though elements of form ii would always be present in some way or another . on an ... you are like a warm fire and hot chocolate on a fur rug . you are just so refreshing and warm and sweet , and sensitive and accepting . this statement ^ was not only surprising , but it was also ...   here's one of the best women composers : clara schumman indie rock choral ( especially religious - orthodox ) - dmitri bortniansky - sacred concerto no . 26 , hospodi , bozhe izrailev x97 vocaroo | voice ... classical german lullaby ( well known in america - the melody anyways )  , absolutely beautiful ! the song seemed to have a celtic touch to it , and i love all things celtic ( the melancholic atmosphere of the song only made it better ) .  ... extjs , ixtjs , enfp , enfj , and xstps . these are the types i tend to get along with effortlessly . i will match your digital .  i must confess that i think all armenian duduk music is mystic . i'm in love with it all ! ! it's nice to know that i'm not the only one who is aware and appreciative of the skyrim soundtrack . i ... hmm i'm in an armenian mood again , so ... if you want peaceful music for a night of relaxation , homework , or to just simply clear your mind , then ... the thing is that i'm not blunt in general . i'm only blunt when someone says something that i fundamentally disagree with , or when i can no longer let someone's behavior continue ( normally when a ... does this mean that you think i'm a fi-te user rather than a fe-ti user ? if so , i'd love to see your reasoning for this . i'm still not sure whether i'm a infj or infp , or maybe something else ... she's welcome to join us anytime . i have a whip , chain , and collar that's just dying to meet her :p roud : . agreed ! it wasn't a bad movie at all , but the songs ( which people are obsessed over ) were nowhere near great . they sounded pretty generic to me , and i only felt compelled to buy just one song from ... game of thrones the last airbender / legend of korra buffy the vampire slayer xena warrior princess also i really loved warehouse 13 . i was very sad to see it got cancelled . you are a both very brave people ! i'm always inspired by the strength and perseverance that foster kids posses . i've come into contact with many ( through work ) , and i swear i loved every single one ... agreed ! ! ! i'm so glad they got out of republic city . korra is much more mature as well . and i'm excited about getting to know bolin and mako's family . i have a good feeling about this season . don't look at his behavior through the lens of mbti . rather , view him as the uncaring , selfish , and self-absorbed person that he is . personally i don't see what type has to do with your situation , ... '