' ... what happened ? also , reality check time . you're 17 ? you don't have and won't have 100,000 dollars to spend on plastic surgery . stop torturing yourself thinking this is the route you need to take to fix ... how many threads are you going to make about this ? you keep getting the same responses from everyone , and that's not going to change . you need to get off the net and seek therapy . 3w2 there is no possible way for me to answer that as i'd have to know every person's type i've encountered , and unless you know them extremely well i think it's too hard to type someone's personality . i shoot with a canon t2i for now ( i want a 5dmiii ) ... i didnt worry too much about the camera and spent more money on lenses , but now im ready for a new camera . my favorite lens is my 70-200 f2 . 8 ... i'm a 3w2 ... i don't know what my tri-type is . sexy ! if you need any help / tips / tricks let me know . my father and i own a successful dealership . :) i'm very critical of myself and my works . i always think , i could've done this & that better . sometimes i wonder if that's why we as isfps don't handle criticism because we're already so ... i love it when i get that feeling . i think my best photographs come when i have that desire to create . i don't believe that isfp's are the only people that can be artistic . however , i think it comes more natural to us . i think we're more creative in that aspect and maybe even tend to pick things up ... what do you shoot with , and what's your fav . lens ? i'm like that too . i have a hard time with over-the-top praise where it doesn't feel genuine . i hope he doesn't take it as gushy praise even isfp's like words of affirmation . :) i really enjoy reading your posts . they're so full of wisdom and insight and you've helped me understand a few things about myself i hadn't before . keep it up , you're an asset to this forum . ... i can't really draw at all . i don't necessarily think that isfp's are all artists in the sense of painting / drawing / etc . art comes in many forms , my artistic ability is photography . i have ... haha ... i accidentally ended up in the wrong sub forum and was all like , wtf ! ? ! ? ! also , how do you express your artistic side ? i'll start ; i own and run a car dealership with my father , and photography is my art . life is well ... life ... sometimes it just gets in the way . :) love is fantastic . i'm with the love of my life and she's absolutely perfect . i love her to pieces ! work is as always a roller ... yup ! this place is the reason i joined perc . i finally felt like there were others like me and experience thoughts and feelings much like i do . very cool place we have here ! first of all ... it's you're just like your father ( sorry pet peeve of mine ) secondly , saying those 5 words to me is sure to set me off . my style is pretty simple ... solid color fitted tees , jeans , sneakers , short kept hair , and some sexy stubble as my g / f calls it . :) if it's cold i'll throw a cardigan on ... today - im feeling really really good ! my anxiety / stress is at about a 0 right now , and ... i finally feel like life and the plans i've made are starting to come to fruition . finger crossed , i'll ... historically i've always shut down , got sad , etc . i don't like being yelled at at all ... recently tho , i'm much more combative . it's not my true self at all , and i hate it . i'm with the others and don't really know where to begin ... i would've been offended after only living there a month and that happening . if we were cool and had that type of joking relationship then i probably wouldn't have , but not knowing them that well ... interesting that you said that ... when i took that picture i saw it in b & w . stressed , slightly anxious ... but it's not as bad as it's been lately . so that's good . :) it's good .. that's just your isfp coming out . :) do you feel that you see the image before you even take tho shot ? i do .. that is a very cool picture ! i like it ! i got 3 as well ... 3w2 to be exact . why not just take the test ? i enjoy photography . i really like to just drive around and get lost and find cool things to take pictures of . however , i don't get a chance to do it as much as i'd like as life gets in the way . ... i like color period . it's hard for me to pic a favorite because kinda depends what the thing is .. but if i had to .. i'd pry put blue and orange up at the top . pretty good reason .. lol isfp - physical touch when you about wreck your car driving through a historic parts of town because you're too busy checking out the cool old buildings to pay attention to traffic . lol ! you can buy a a video game and in a year or two have nothing to show for your money . with a tattoo i have a piece of art that will be with me forever . it's not that i , and maybe ferroequinologisteq can't speak eloquently or in coherent well thought out responses . the problem ( for me at least ) is when there is an emotional feeling or attachment ... ^ agreed just keep doing your thing and working hard . you'll be their boss someday . 30 is still young .. i just turned 30 and started on my sleeve this past year . i'd actually recommend to most people they wait til at least late 20 ' s before getting inked . there are a lot of factors to ... my best advice that i can give you is wait until you're old enough / mature enough to know what it is you really want . at 17/18 you're going to change so much still that what you like now might not be ... it's a known fact isfp's are the best . :D that's another problem tho ... i don't feel all that artistic . i mean , i love photography and taking pictures but i always feel like i am mediocre at best . i'm by far my own worst critic .. you're welcome ! i was all wtf at first too .. hahaha nevermind i see you said he is stressed out ... that right there is a big part of your problem ... is there a way you can help him de-stress ? '