' lol silly , why would you want friends ? other than professional relationships and business outings i segregate myself from the rest of the human race as much as i can . i socialized a lot in high ... that's a difficult question , i've cuddled with , made out with , slept with girls just because i'm attracted to them and their available and i've left the same girls which from their perspective makes ... i did when i was a teenager , at the moment i don't smoke , drink or anything , just eat and sleep and work :P authority and self-sufficiency max , vanity medium with a dash of entitlement , level 20 , i do love me :P haha i always knew i was a narcissistic d-bag it's not a surprise :P i have at the moment three friends that i respect and trust , i have many acquaintances though they are just a means to an end socially :P giving me potential access to others i may connect with . ... well if your already in close proximity regularly to these people on a daily basis you're halfway there . engage them find out their interests and motivations take the initiative and ask to ... it's hard for me to know what it's like for feeling types because feelings are not part of my decision making process . i tend to simply observe situations and make a rational judgment call on what ... you scored 100 out of 100 masculine points , 24.167 out of 100 feminine points , and 49.167 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . lol that's right ladies she's not wrong bro , lots of sex appeal in the intj picture thread , plus you obviously haven't seen my picture yet the stern but lovable face of masculinity :P lol pzelda i'll pm respond to you we kinda high-jacked this thread lol um who cares ? lol lol young people .. you just can't think like that , everything is subjective your looks your personality . strength and confidence make you attractive and it comes from ... i've never actually met one to my knowledge , though i like bugging them in their forums occasionally . absolutely all my decision are primarily based on my interpretation of the outcome to the larger objective . i prefer to control the world around me for a lot of reasons , i don't trust ... maybe however i like hearing myself talk . :P ya i like to weigh in :P lol , i like you , you're almost as a cold as i am ... almost :P quite easy to antagonize though lol :P umm , me :P for an intj manipulating people to get to the top is easy if your driven , however as much as people annoy us we care about their well being in an egalitarian , logical , rational , ... easy ( hard to rank the first two though ) lust greed wrath intj 8w7 ladies , i'm deranged :P i cannot be hurt so i'm going to have to believe it is at least feasible that you cannot be either , this would be by definition an exercise of futility . p . s . i care about as much about grammar and ... don't get her wet or feed her after midnight ... lol but seriously never got that dude , i am an intj guy and i had an intj woman and it wasn't great . i couldn't deal with the i love you , i ... lol i actually totally understand , like i said i connect with so few people and they all share the nt coincidence ? and that is why i am here as well . exactly i would never start anything but ... my younger brother is an intj , older brother and sister are intp's my two best friends are intj and intp so i lucked out in that area but i came here to try and understand why i really connect deeply ... i'm used to talking to the rest of the mundane population so it's difficult to get used to talking to people similar to myself . i find cheating and hitting unacceptable behavior on both ... lol same all my girlfriends were literally girlfriends at one point . 1 . ) why do people say that intjs hate humanity / people ? hate is a strong word , i feel that i dislike that most people have a tendency to be irrational and illogical . in addition i dislike that ... lol , what i mean is outside a relationship . it's my fault as an intj myself i should realize everything i say will be over analyzed and scrutinized by other intj's to come up with what they believe to be the most logical interpretation of what ... i didn't mean to generalize to the extent that i am saying the entire female population , rather a large portion , much like when i say people are stupid i mean at least the majoring or greater then ... lol don't worry i'm not offended i can be quite the a-hole , i am perfectly comfortable with that . don't misunderstand me i would prefer a relationship that is equal and has equity for both ... i don't conform to anything :P so i feel you in any professional setting i am solid , rational and logical , i don't honestly feel comfortable sharing my feelings with other intj's , intp's etc because i need to maintain a high standard of logic ... intj's make great friends but its difficult to understand them in a romantic way after dating one myself i have a better appreciation for those that are in touch with their feelings for sure :P lol , ... lol , there was a reason for her lashing out , the problem is most intj's are not comfortable or in touch with their feelings they spend a lot of time dissecting them and over analyzing them from a ... i'm 6 ' 0 tall , brown hair which but i buzz my head , brown eyes , usually have five o'clock shadow or a goatee i weight 200 lbs right now and am around 11 % body fat because i just finished a winter ... life is not a static entity , it is a living dynamic entity if we are not willing to change with it we well go extinct . i live my live very dynamically i would say that nothing i do , nothing i believe ... _s . il ok i'm going to give you some advice that i wish someone would have told me when i was 16 . f $ # k other people , it doesn't matter what they think it only matters what you think . happiness ... lol , now your starting to understand me :P if you could compress all the i don't give a f % $ ks in the world and infuse it into one individual that sir would be me :P ya i don't proof read anything because i don't really care about your ability to properly understand me :P you're lucky if anything i type is even feasible english . lol my brother and i are both intj's and are both workaholics , both work 70 hours + a week , i spend most my free time working out and he spends most his free time painting . not enough time seems to ... i feel similar i would rather only live while i'm making an active contribution to society , i would rather die saving people from a burning building or taking a bullet for someone to be completely ... i was referring to myself as interpersonal , yes much like there is a difference between internet and intranet , controller and comptroller , in and out . ash is my actual name however the nonymous you ... i'm motivated if i really want something , the only two things that regularly is work and workout , because i am motivated by money professionally and my hobby weight training . it's all basically about ... interpersonal :P what about nf guy's you mistook for females ? ya it gets old real quick lol , well guy intj's i met are the closest friends i have , i dated a female intj though once the sexual component exhausted it self it was cold hard logical conversation wasn't the greatest relationship ... i appreciate the visual education :P lol lol , i love cloths and bodybuilding so i know how you feel , i'm like the way i look don't really give a d * mn what anyone else thinks though i'm an a-hole :P haha i'm pretty good at flirting with ... hello ya same , i asked around as well i've never met one but i tend to gravitate towards intj's because their normally kinda a-holes like i am lol you're going to throw up a nyan cat on me ? ... i meant more that they are not particularly the most cuddly / lovable people to people they are not close to :P lol lol no they can't . untameable / unchainable brother , however i'd love to ... i just don't want people i know that i have a heart otherwise i lose my power over them :P 8w7 ftw , . lol i don't mind internet hugs from strangers just not real strangers . that's ... i did answer thread 1 but i feel compelled to answer this as well . i like to have control over things , especially initially in a relationship i like to gauge the other person and remain ... '