' scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation . up until this point you had both been ... i have thoughts about this . just reactions , fantasies , or feelings i have or have had that feel related to this--energizing thing . :P 1 ) i like to listen to music . i like quiet music , but i like ... those people's perspective ( or me in their shoes ): i guess it would be like if i had a video game i really liked and my friends liked . and then someone else i know comes over , and he's an expert ... thanks for looking out for me--i appreciate you . yeah , this thread is fluffy and i don't want to ruin that vibe . :P feels kind of like cursing inside a church . let's pm i'm sorry . i just want to be like a flower . a flower doesn't have a point . my bed is soft . maybe that's the point of it , but i don't feel that softness unless i actually lie in my bed and let my ... that's all i got . if it's not helpful , then disregard it . yeah , you're right . i wish it was shorter . here's something slightly shorter i wrote just now . rare beauty i understand that you feel alienated and downtrodden because you have desires that ... hey--why not i like frumpy girls because their souls are usually stunningly gorgeous . :P and the whole plain , simple , down-to-earth , comfortable feeling ... it's like they're relaxed , i feel relaxed , and we can ... this ... music reflects who i am when i need a mirror music assures me that someone else feels what i feel , whatever energy i happen to be music comforts me when i feel estranged music speaks ... skip beat is still happening ! i squee like a little fan-girl every time a new chapter comes out :P future days by can a ) i made friends by haunting certain threads or sub-forums and spending time there with some other people who did the same . or someone posts something or i post something and we feel similar , so i ... i came here to nominate nick drake ... thanks , now i get a second choice . :) i'm going to nominate talk talk . i want to suggest that someone else nominate can .  my favorites : atmospheric sludge metal ethereal wave post-punk my favorites are probably nana , akagi , and berserk . piano improv i was avoiding masturbation for several weeks , but i broke it this morning - - which i'm very sure is what drew me to this thread . ;) pro-celibacy the positive effects that i have noticed from ... if it feels like an insurmountable amount to study , then bracketing or chunking it into smaller units might be good ( divide and conquer ) . along that same vein , i tend to attack the easier , ... holy shit--suede is my favorite . ( i was 5 years old at the time that they were playing with bernard butler , so i can't say i remember them . but i found them a couple years ago . ) i just want to also give you a hug and flowers and bracelets and everything pretty under the sun . i hope that even if there are many unsafe people and places , there is still a place or time every so ... i feel like there's a perfectionism here that i can relate to , which is i don't want to put energy / effort into something unless if it truly meaningful and worth doing . and i don't want to settle for ... mer sang non harsh'd her hallow was sharp'ned breez'd crisp flung--ack remount ere bu o hao hir so wa yes , i feel like that meaninglessness used to affect me very strongly . the hot issues that made me angry / depressed were animal welfare and global poverty . i guess my thinking was similar : there ... give yourself a hug . :) feeling panicky and sickish isn't fun , whatever the reason . something i do a lot nowadays is breathe ( sit still and 4 counts in , 8 counts out , then try to make counts ... i haven't had a strong enough reason to learn lucid dreaming , but it seems like a skill that's open for the taking ld4all - the lucid dreamers community . guide on lucid dreams , dream control , ... aha ... :D good shit ... a new chance to steamroll those punks commonly referred to as peers . lots of delicious souls left for the ghost collection ... they'll see how they like being ... i don't have any experience with this , so i only have imagination . but i don't like seeing a post without responses . i can't tell you to do something that i haven't done or felt . i feel like i'm ... the atheist pantheon ( hehe ) talking about numinous experiences : what they seem to say is that there are certain spiritually significant experiences ... these are some things that i think you've either said or hinted at that i can agree with , and that i think many religious people might be able to agree with also . some religious ... this is an ongoing issue for me too . the medium-term way in which i'm coping is by just not accessing the good parts of myself as often . it's not a final solution , but it's a stopgap measure that ... i've always been very selective about my close friends , even if i might have many acquaintances or try to be generally friendly on a shallow level . if you have expectations that are important to ... it's sometimes good to find things out , even if you don't act on them immediately . like you said , it's nice to know more about what you want or what you're interested in . some questions i might ask : ... i feel like you've explained it pretty well intrusion - calling several times a day including work - stalking as you put it - trying to move in ( and i guess it feels like ignoring your feelings if ... have you tried looking at the anger / annoyance ? it's something i've felt before to be upset with someone , but not really able to express that or feel like i'm able to fully escape / resolve the ... i feel like when i'm good at navigating social situations , it's if i have a kind of confidence that i'm a decent , good , adequate person ; i have good things and positive energy to share with others ; ... i'm not sure i have much to contribute , but i just saw there were no responses to this yet . i do music , though not for my job . i feel like i tend to approach my job and music differently . with my ... ( thanks for understanding that i change . ) yeah , it's cool to meet nice people who bring out the best in you and vice versa . i hope whatever care or sadness you have can be of benefit . yeah , ... i love you for saying this . scientists very wordy . words are all-mighty--you bow to the method , or you're heinously out of step , and you'll be bludgeoned . the logic is excoriating--nothing but ... lolll ... that dog is seriously no joke . dog : [ eyes turn yellow ] a warning , human . the hour is near for the sacrifice of the young maidens . their blood of terror shall be collected into the ten ... i am in an arctic escape , and the poison enters me . but , it passes through me , because i am made of water . i am sitting either by myself or with a person i highly highly trust . in a safe place where ... i remember reading that only 70 % of hsp's are introverts . oh , and i like your avatar . :) there is a certain kind of unspecific dis-ease that comes from being at a desk wearing clothes that don't fit . a sort of chronic deflation wherein i imagine that because i am rewarded for pretending , ... global 5 : sloan rloai ; sloan + | r | loai ; primary reserved ; r ( 74 % ) l ( 62 % ) o ( 60 % ) a ( 66 % ) i ( 56 % ) rloai ( 3.1 % of women ; 2.3 % of men ) ... a clockwork orange ... lololol right now , i'm pretty partial to the velvet underground , the jesus and mary chain , talk talk , suicide , suede , david bowie , ride , and captain beefheart . exactly where that trash belongs . : laughing : j / k , i <3 ponies . every time i see any posts by , i just get this big stupid grin on my face . i tend to just mess around more than post ... your reasoning process is awesome . :p roud : '