' if we are using logic i guess i will expresss some connotations here : - just because multiple people had praised you by being xyz that does not mean its fact , or its real or its accurate ; those ... my angry self says : fuc ... destroy that idiot with pure logic my diplomatic self says : umm dont build enemys for free but dont let him do that ever again i think the key factor is : what ... intjs are our inside animal , and we are their outside warrior its a darwins law aplication : only the best / strongest will survive , let the nature do its job : you can not save all the stupids all time . 702178 here is what happens and the solution : 1 - you are a pickle , he does nto like pickles , the faster you understand this the better . 2 - even in the event he likes pickles both of you suck as a ... prepare for a post that will change your life with new , creative , never written info ... im going to frame my answer , by using these definitions coming from a highly scientific source , ... and this is why i hate hospitals ( in general ) .. sorry for your loss maybe you just wanted to pee ... just saying ... you : good morning i have a date for an interview . secretary : name ? you : stawker better known as genio retardo secretary : - on the phone - genio retardo is here sir : laughing :: laughing : first point is false , there is a lot of scientific studies and lots of research ; keep in mind it also depends on which specific area are you talking about.business managment is a mix of hard science ... after reading sangoire's novella above , i've reached the conclusion that i'm never going to like diplomacy . fuck that shit , too much effort . why do you think you should feel anything about it ? , mbti type is not important in regards to some post before i found this : show me the roi of those marketing tactics and let's see which one is killing it : cool : uhmmm ... if you want a wild sx adventure i guess that could be important ( in a really shallow way ) but if you want something seriuss ... my vote goes for : a ) you are a ... what was the question ? im not whining , its a fact , wellcome to the internet , but you are correct it does not matter anyway . yeah let's waste time reading profiles because the information there is highly accurate / true right ? and especifically in this forum where people even change gender ... brb ... you should also consider napoleon style was based on a this is what has been working for a long time so lets keep doing that style in terms of master strategy ; why ? every single person was afraid ... technically speaking this would also involve internal rate of return and payback period ... : laughing : my bet is $ 1 that he / she is under 25 . 680641 executive gz :p roud : im going to be the devil's advocate and i would not point out that you op seems to be an egocentric kiddo that can not control his emotions and need to grow up and learn to be a team player ( sorry ... you got me fuck i loss the chance . fucking life get me busy doing so fucking much stuff damnn fuck 1 - since when you have to have a high-powered career to fit in ( really absurd term bbut lets pretend its used correctly here ) into entj mbti type ? please show me real proves of that aka : stereotypes ... be carefull what you wish for ... you migth get it and i even have the soundtrack for that : follow two main methodology for start ups lean start up , canvas method the combination of both methods will give you enough information and data of your market and bussines idea to know if its ... remember when people said : trump easily could lead usa to huge conflicts ( aka third world war ) . no , congress will stop him , power balance will screw him well , i dont believe trump can gop ... you should stay away from unhealthy people and stereotypes ;p robably a better perspective . go ahead , i dare you to post frecuently and fake it a long time ( im talking more than 3 months and with daily post at least ) idoubledareyou.on the other side the system its not flawless and clearly ... we have no proves or information to deny the possibility that thebrown ones are made of shit . i feeel sooo old but people tend to see me younger than i really am . since i was 20 i feel really old . in almost everything 20 years of lifetime is a lot of time . you can hear the facpalm sound at the end of the phrase.but look at thwe possitive side your cv can get some attetnion and have strong points to get you into a a spot maybe you need to change nationality ... : kitteh :: tongue : disclaimer : this is going to be my personal opinion based on your side , your point of view and your description of the situation , therefore i'm assuming what you are describing is done with all the ... just my two cents here : if you are not happy in a relationship you either : end it , change it or adap to it.it looks like you are going to take one of these options.problems are there to be solved not ... double post op op two words : grandfather , grandmother . “ the conclusion was when you have these microbial exposures early in life , your innate system signals your adaptive system not to have asthma , not to have allergies , ” holbreich said . “ we have an ... this does not probes or shows anything.you are comparing a population of billions of people vs a population of maybe 300.000.even if you only take usa population its : 325 millions vs 300.000 . u . s ... k i will bite , 1 ) sounds like you want a piece that you need to solve your puzzle , which its not a good reason to be with someone , depsite you being attacted to him . 2 ) i know what i want , then i ... personalitycafe.com/entj-forum-executives/random-thoughts-tangents-etc- he is a rebel . '