' i used to be absolutely in love with tom hiddleston , then he started dating taylor swift . that was bad enough , then he wore that i heart t . s . t-shirt . so , his choices and judgments are obviously ... man crush : ( i . e . would marry him in a heartbeat ) colin morgan ! ! ! - - i've only ever had crushes on male celebrities if they are good , kind people as well . 547762 girl crush : liv tyler as ... healer . without a doubt . : love_heart : i have heard from other infjs on this forum that it is indeed pretty typical to feel this way . however , my main fear isn't so much finding someone and hurting them , but just never finding ... yes to the first , yes to the second ! i'm another one of those who has been single her whole life . ( i just turned 24 , by the way . ) i cope by trying to focus on my goals at the moment . due to the fact i've never been in a relationship , ... aww , thank you ! i was trying to appear tranquil . : happy : 538946 love is the garden through which all other virtues may blossom . ~ me : love_heart : and i accidentally responded twice to this post , so that is further proof that me and technology are not meant to be mixed ! : laughing : copper north ... oh my god i know what you mean ! hashtags are so damn annoying ! what do they even mean ? ! #confused ( haha , see what i did there ? ) : tongue : hello again everyone , i have recently been reading an excellent book that some of you might know , entitled testament of youth by the inspirational vera brittain . for those of you who aren't ... compassionate . wow . can't we all just get along ? ! and antipode , yes i definitely understand and identify with your desire to wipe all injustice from the world . i seem to experience in equal measure heartbreak and ... so many ! jack dawson , frodo baggins , legolas , aragorn , will turner , harry potter , merlin-bbc , peeta mellark , jim halpert , the phantom of the opera ( even though he's a bit of a psychopath ) , mr ... chocolatentropy ... exactly ! :p eaceful : larch ... i like your way of thinking , but my only problem is that i live in the us and i wish to go to the uk to get my counseling / psychotherapy degree . where are you from where they offer teaching ... curiously ... wow . thank you so much for sharing your story with me . you have such a beautiful , eloquent way with words , and i imagine your expressions are emblematic of your own loveliness . i had a ... hello again infjs , i am feeling quite down these days because i am on the job search , and no matter how hard i try i can't land anything . i graduated college in may and i absolutely need to go to ... stelmosdream ... there are many great postgraduate programs in counseling / psychotherapy over there . plus , i have always wanted to at least visit . not to mention , i want an adventure . : smile : rather unusual ... you made some great points . i actually like what you said about potential romances being halfway across the world , because i'm actually planning on moving to britain within the next ... i apologize in advance for how pathetic i sound in the following post : it is an ever-present fear in my mind that i will most likely never find someone special . i am not articulating this view ... spitta andretti ... indeed it does ! i'm sure your name will remind me of another taste as well ! : laughing : du toit ... yep , you sound like me ! my voice also does that when i listen to people singing . weird . also , horror movies are an absolute no-no for me . yippy ... yeah , i had doubts that it was personality-related . however , neurologists are hypothesizing that those with mirror-touch synesthesia have more mirror neurons than average or at least ... marvin the dendroid ... i don't know , i do get excited pretty easily . : laughing : tetsuo shima well , that's what i thought initially , but apparently it is a legit neurological phenomenon . ( i first learned about it in my neuroscience class . ) hello fellow infjs ! i have more recently come across a phenomenon that i believe i have been in possession of my entire life , and that phenomenon is mirror-touch synesthesia . i knew that i have ... i think my level of sensitivity has remained stagnant over the course of my life , it's just that now i am more aware of its presence . colin morgan-as soon as i viewed his performances and observed him in interviews and other interactions , i knew he was a fellow infj . absolutely . i still am highly idealistic . it can be a burden , though because my fantasy world is far more beauteous ... oh yes , i definitely am . i've often wondered why that is but i think it's because it allows me to stretch the wings of my compassionate capabilities , if you will . now , i am encouraged by the fact ... june 30th - infj enigmatik i know , right ! i first heard it in a fan video for merlin and arthur from bbc's merlin . : smile : i love studying love through all areas of human thought psychologically , sociologically , philosophically , biologically , historically , and through many other avenues . i would say my idea of perfect ... only 5 ' 3 . : rolleyes : oh yes . many of my dreams involve celebrity crushes of mine . however , i am more likely to remember disturbing dreams such as deceased relatives coming back to life and dying again or reliving ... i understand what you are going through . i am actually planning to become a psychotherapist / counselor and there are many reasons i prefer this path over sociology . for one , psychotherapy as a field ... what do you all mean by the eyes ? is it their expression ? i would imagine people would have a difficult time spotting me because my eyes are so small . : confused-new : i was raised in a predominantly christian home and i became born again when i was a teenager . i was a strong evangelical until about my junior year of college , and i am now an agnostic-atheist . no ... absolutely ! some of the most uncomfortable situations i've ever been in is because of witnessing other's discomfort . for example , seeing a waitor / waitress drop dishes is the most horrifying thing ! ... yes ! no one else i know understands ! my usual schedule consists me of going to bed at about 5:00 am reading until 6 am and waking up in the late afternoon . ( when i have a day off , that is ! ) it's when ... i could never stray in a relationship because that would require two people finding me attractive ! : laughing : i definitely understand your thought process here because my experiences are quite similar . all during my childhood years , i was abysmal at math and science , yet very artistic . however , as i got ... yeah , i have been told i am incredibly smiley , especially in front of other people . i don't really know why . i guess i just like to come across as kindhearted to everyone i encounter , and smiling is ... oh yes ... as graham norton said , hiddleboners all around ! : tongue : i have already seen it , and he is delicious . lol thanks for agreeing with me ! i also don't understand how people think tom is an introvert , he is so obviously an extrovert to me . ( watch any of his interviews where he's goofing around and you will ... right now , both tom hiddleston ( obvious enfp in my opinion ) and colin morgan ( infj ) own my heart right now . in the past however , i have had multiple crushes including ( but not limited to ) leonardo ... '