' has this worked ? i wasn't a loner at school . i always had friends to hang out with ( although i didn't feel any kind of meaningful friendship with the most of them ) , and always had / have a best friend . these days ... i will immediately form some judgement about every new person i meet . might be good or bad , or neither . it will just be a sense of who i think this person is , and a lot of the time i am too quick in ... please believe me when i say socialising on the whole gets a lot better after high school ! even parties . it's always going to be easier for an chatty extrovert , but people will also value quieter ... law - for the same reasons as anuttermesh mentioned . retail - would feel bad for being so false all day . waitressing - would spill food on customers and then cry in a corner . any office-based job . thank you so much . i particularly love point number 6 , which is the main reason why i'm doing this . :) it depends a lot . i have a couple of friends who constantly takes tease me , make fun of me ( and vice versa ) , and that's absolutely fine because it's them and i am so secure in their friendship . when ... i have had a few lucid dreams in the past . one that i remember vividly is that i was being chased down a long , windy corridor in an old house and i knew there was some horrible beast chasing me ... my father and brother are both intps and i have great relationships with both of them . i think they are both more grounded in a sense than i am , more matter of fact and less questioning . my brother ... oh yeah , there are some people's personalities that i flat out despise . typically the loud , obnoxious and intolerant type . i also dislike people who constantly whinge and complain about their ... i know a lot of the time i take criticism personally when it ( apparently ) is not meant as a personal reflection . i really have trouble detaching my feelings . if something i've done and tried my best ... well done on your working visa and your decision to go exploring ! i've recently come back from a 6 month travelling trip . it was amazing and exciting , enriching and rewarding . of course there were ... amelie , delicatessen , thelma and louise , into the wild , misery , tarnation . recently saw the artist , which really drew me in , but not sure if i would class it as a favourite :) i think kaleidoscope summed up my feelings pretty well ! i would agree - consistency in people , or maybe an environment , is a must . i like to know where i stand with people . i need to be in a ... routine ! rushing ( yet at the same time , dawdling ) . people who keep me waiting . rude people . cruelty to kittens . bullies . the price of public transport . there needs to be some suspense and chase , but some reassurance that you are not going mad and imagining things . if i send you a text or try to call you , please don't ignore it ( or forget to ... maybe you will be a doctor ! i don't think you are schizophrenic based on your handwriting alone . my writing isn't bad , but it depends what mood i'm in , my pen type etc . i love hugs , but from the right people ... close family and friends , no one else . sometimes i don't want to let go , but i force myself . they are just very comforting . from the wrong person , a hug ... i agree . nothing wrong with being alone unless you feel lonely . as much as i love my alone time , being independent , and away from anybody toxic , i certainly need people close to me in my life to feel ... as a previous poster has already mentioned ... giving gifts is something that hints that i like someone . i become slightly obsessive about people and love to make things for them , especially if they ... i kept my head down so as to avoid bullies , this worked for the most part . i was never targeted for being ' me ' ... that's actually something i've had to face since leaving school ~ ! i was quiet , but ... i apologise if this has been posted before ! i'm interested to know the job roles of other infps . what do you like and dislike about your current job ? and where do you see yourself progressing ? i ... what keeps me going is my faith that there is a calling out there for me , that is undiscovered and i do not know even exists . all the bloody time . especially of people in authority , for some reason . and then i get nervous around them and can't even speak to them . it's ridiculous . i find these mini crushes come and go , so ... i understand exactly what you are saying , and sometimes face the same battle . i think i am happiest , socially , when i am in some sort of ' community ' ... i found university was somewhat like that - ... i've never watched it , but someone at work keeps trying to lend me the boxset as a kind of joke . i'm guessing from that alone that i would hate t ! well , yes ... it is important not to set expectations in others too high . we are all human and none of us are perfect , after all . but i feel like the kind of expectations i do set are there for a ... i really don't feel that i ' lead ' in any way ... i naturally fall into a submissive role and tend follow others ( often without conviction ) , or do my own thing , when i realise i don't have the power or ... well , i suppose i would chose neverland ... because it has that sense of wonder and the ability to be what ever it wants to , whilst having the sense of nostalgia and innocence , and preservation ... from a very removed and objective view , my advice would be to look after yourself first and foremost . not that it is a case of blaming someone , and i don't know your full situation or relationship , ... i will never , ever be the ruler of anything . but my very vague and unrealistic agenda would be to help the poor , the orphaned and the homeless , and stray cats . i really like the girls names violet and olive ... but i've always like the name naima , which is an arabic name that i first heard from john coltrane's song , since naima was the name of his wife . i've ... i don't know what the difference is between liberal and libertarian ... but i'm definitely left wing . and i'm a lesbonaut . i do it at every given moment in my day ! i nearly crash my car multiple times a day because i'm so far away . it's usually in the bath that i day dream . i have one every morning for this reason . i scored 23 . i have wondered if i am autistic before . the main thing that makes me realise that i'm not ( and maybe most infps ) is my very strong intuition and empathy i have with people , and an ... i actually love the tradition of christmas ... i mean , our own family traditions , stuff i can feel nostalgic about , and revert back to a child . i love that . i love christmas carols , wrapping ... i can relate to what you have said . i think my constant fear of failure and feeling of inadequacy prevents me from putting my music out there and playing with other musicians . i can only play with ... i procrastinate and torture myself with guilt for the 4 weeks that i've had to do the assignment , and then write 3,000 words starting at 2am the night before it's due , giving myself an ample 7 hours ... that's funny you mention about collecting the rocks . i used to have what i called my china collection , basically , bits of chipped plates and mugs that were either broken in our home , or that i ... i am slightly more adept with small talk than i used to be .. the nature of my job has forced me to be . sometimes i quite enjoy it , sometimes it's forced and fake , and a lot of the time i abhor it ! if ... stop organising your bank statements , and come and listen to this live madrigal choir next door . your cat needs to be stroked more . my desire to live ! i think i have fear of the fear of death ever taking over my want to live . i sort of agree . growing up , i wished and prayed that i would have been alive in the 60s , i wore the tie-die and flares and loved anything ' hippy ' . i'm really not as hardcore as the real hippies in ... oh , and dignified people falling over . i think i can be quite witty ... i enjoy puns , really cheesy ones . i can be sarcastic and take the mic ( although i can only do that to people who i know i won't offend ) . i enjoy dark , surreal , weird ... i suppress my hurt , anger , sadness , thinking it's not my place to confront a person , or that it is just easier to try and forget about it . sometimes i do move on and leave that behind , but 9 times ... the sims ! ... i'm not sure i understand what a tri-type is , sorry ! but these are my results : type one : 6 type two : 19 type three : 13 type four : 29 type five : 23 type six : 23 type seven : 13 i'm not against casual sex all together . i could never have sex with a complete stranger , no matter how attractive i found them . but sex with someone i know but don't necessarily want / expect a ... '