' i have always liked drawing . i sometimes like to draw really ugly people . it's interesting . but beauty makes me cheerful though . beautiful sceneries , architecture , art . nature . i don't know if this ... someone expresses their love for me and i , thinking that love is a waste of time because i don't see us as a good match in the future ( ni ) , become a jerk . : rolleyes : i usually think i am , because ever since i was a toddler , i heard people talk about things that were obvious . it seemed like things were not obvious to those people , so i would be surprised , even at ... hi everybody : happy : ! what are your thoughts about the phenomenon of gossiping ? i think it's mostly boring and unnecessary . although i sometimes enjoy it if i'm finding about an unexpected story , i ... what if marriage is a social construct and married at first sight fails because of that reason ? i can only speak for myself . to me , i take pride in the intj-badge . having been criticized from the moment i was acknowledged for being smart by kids , my family and acquaintances alike , it feels ... my development is the same . i was a pro at sarcasm , got into trouble for it , and then i felt it to be a bit passive aggressive . i think entp + intj must be a marvelous pairing , although i have never been in a relationship with an entp . i think her behaviour is quite low , and if people follow her lead , they are even worse low lives . i don't know them , but i know this type of person and their thinking level is quite primitive . i quite agree , although i think not everybody is trying to undermine people who stand out . i think that most groups have a few gate keepers who feel justified to bully people that stand out , because ... a lot of people state that they use sarcasm , but not a passive aggressive style of communicating . however , i found some sourced on google who found sarcasm to be a form of passive aggression . is it ? ... dafuq : shocked : you assign meaning to my words . it's an efficient answer . i could write a long story that would come of as more sympathetic , but the message would be the same . it could be the case that a person ... how do you feel about using sarcasm and / or being passive aggressive in normal conversation ? i have used those communication styles in conversations i had in the past , but found that people did not ... honestly , all kinds of people have shown interest . and i have shown interest in a great variety of people as well . i do think introverts like me better than extraverts in general . furthering social harmony and profiting from being seen as nice . i have little empathy as well , because i cannot put myself in the shoes of somebody like that . but i do sympathize . i probably wouldn't really retire until there's no other way , just like my gramps , who kept working on his business into his 90s . he is a great rolemodel to me : happy : . someone who complements me i think . an extraverted person or a socially succesful introvert , who looks great ( not gonna lie ) . and is not scared of my opinions and my rants of thoughts , but is able to ... i'm the bassist of a band that is rising in popularity as we speak . i love being on stage . at first , it was hard . but now i have one clear purpose on stage ; entertaining the public , by all means ... i think that groupthink causes mankind to celebrate its greatest victories ( inventions after inventions , discoveries after discoveries ) as well as its greatest evils ( war , bullying , animal cruelty ) . funny , i had a similar experience . in my princeton guide to dinosaurs , it clearly states that birds are dinosaurs . so i said this to a a fellow student after a lecture . she just did not believe it , ... i think this vapid idol worshipping and mindless following of the cultus of celebrities is better than worshipping and blindly following something more dangerous , like an evil dictator . still , i ... a small village in a winter wonderland . thank you ermenegildo , i never looked at it like that . so , if i understand correctly , their behaviour could be a sign of empathy . i witnessed that the enfj's that i know are very specific about who ... hey everyone : happy : , i am an intj and i have a question about some things . i know 2 enfj's . i find them difficult to understand , there might be a possibility that they are unhealthy . but they ... i think some success will cascade into more and more success for me . i may get tired of people and then i may start pushing people away . but i am determined to not repeat mistakes like that : happy : . the unthinkable has happened . i developed a crush on an esfj i often come across . - this person is in a relationship with somebody else - this person's way of thinking is entirely different from ... i'm a bit ambivalent about love . it is something i eventually strive for and hope that it will get on my pad . on the other hand , i am currently not interested in it at all . because of past ... for myself , i prefer written messages , because i read faster than i listen . but , as most people aren't like this , and won't follow written language ( most people just don't read letters and ... i think it's nature . i've always been introverted and thoughtful , just like my grandpa before me . i don't know how to deal with it . people in groups are often irrational and biased . one on one , they seem susceptible to logic , but in herds , they forget about logic . so tell me when you find out ... pervasive groupthink - try to be properly groomed ( don't know if you're allready doing that ) - pay attention to what is being said in conversations . say something once in a while in a group of people to show 1 ) that ... my question is fairly simple . sometimes i have a vision , a good idea . but this idea is blocked . not by logic , but my emotions ; people are feeling that i may be too strong or something . especially a ... i did not like about a third of my teachers , i did not care for about half of them and the rest of them i found to be really kind : happy : . i usually thought of them as some kind of babysitters ( why ... stupid , but harmless fun - thread . i'm disciplined about diet and exercise , especially diet . i am interested in food : happy : and the nutritional value of food items . lately , i've been exercising rather lightly , but i have to get off ... i would advise not to generalise like this . i know 2 intj girls . one is selfish and sneaky . the other is lovely , witty and funny . both look very feminine . say hi , find out what kind of science major she is doing , be interested in that ( even if you have to force yourself ) and go talk to her about that . perhaps ask that question you mentioned and be ... l a yes . caesar ! 1 ) tried it once , when a friend invited me to play . my team won , but i just kept running into the enemy , because i did not know what i was doing . afterwards , one of the other people was whining that ... i know some people who play league of legends . whenever i watch them play or watch excerpts of the game , i always find the game to be completely random . the characters , their abilities , the art style ... i like building railways in minecraft . i'm not sure if that counts ... : tongue : . i have always liked strategy games in which one builds and improves a ( historical ) city . making it flourish and ... put people with aspergers and people who test as an intj under a ct-scan and find out . no offence , but he sounds terrible : crazy : . yutyrannus , a huge feathered dinosaur .  macrauchenia '