' i think we do agree . i personally don't consider myself alpha , beta , or foxtrot ( lol at my own joke ) . people are people . we both agree that having emotions isn't the same as being weak , whiny , ... literature ... i'd suggest ' everyday zen ' by charlotte joko beck . it's a solid introduction into mindfulness meditation , what it means to sit , etc . ch'an buddhism isn't exactly the same as zen but ... being emotional doesn't automatically make someone not alpha ; every single human being , regardless of his or her type is emotional . we all feel things intensely . but emotions need to be kept in ... i'm a ch'an buddhist , so it's a daily thing for me . actually , it's an all-the-time thing for me . it has brought more clarity to my life , lowered my stress levels , and eliminated the fits that i'd ... glad to know i'm not the only one . i meditate , so i know what the thoughts / feelings are behind all this . i feel like , of all the women i've interacted with ( and it's quite a few ) , she was the best ... i've resolved this issue , but i appreciate everyone's input . i started taking yoga classes and i lowered my standards a bit so that what i once called acquaintances are now friends . i still don't ... i keep trying online dating on and off . i usually disable my account or delete it out of frustration because everyone i talk to just aren't what i'm looking for . i tried it again a little more ... agree on all fronts . i don't understand how people can watch a baseball game , much less devote an entire conversation to it . same goes for football , hockey , boxing ( though i have to admit i love ... well , i tend to be kind of ... over-confident , so negative feedback wouldn't devastate me ; it would just give me a better idea of whether i'm too sure of myself or not . financially , i'm in the 250k / yr + group . like you , i lead meetings ( with clients mostly ) and i'm very self-driven because , well , when you're self-employed , you have to be if you're going to be . you ... when i'm upset , i usually can't help but show it . if it's someone i don't know well or someone who is particularly sensitive and who i don't want to hurt , i'll just be distant and quiet . maybe say i ... just re-read your post . he's definitely interested if he wants to meet you after work for drinks . i'm definitely an alpha ( according to your description of alpha ) and i'll tell you that i wouldn't ... nevermind ;) i appreciated that you took the time to offer your opinion . it's just frustrating when people perceive me in a way that is totally opposite the truth . i'm open to friendship with everyone i encounter ... i find commonalities in a lot of different types of people . i'm social and friendly with pretty much everyone i encounter ( unless they're a total ass to me ) . but , something has to attract me to ... i knew a guy that was homeless . he was one of the classiest people i knew . you guys are totally , completely misunderstanding where i'm coming from . it has nothing to do with money or superficial ... communicate with her , try to understand her , and , if nothing you do resolves the problem , leave . don't totally cut her out of your life but don't let her have any power of yours . parents can be just ... i don't think i'm better ; i think i'm different . i haven't had a friend since elementary school . in high school , i had acquaintances - likeminded people i got along with well enough but never did anything with after school . same thing at previous ... this morning , my mother was still criticizing me . but , when i came back from my 3 mile run half an hour later , i think i entered the twilight zone . she's back to her old happy and uncritical self . we ... i've changed a lot in the last year . i went from preparing for the priesthood to being an atheist , from loving hamburgers to being a vegetarian , from being pretty sedentary to being in the best shape ... dude , you are awesome ! that girl is really lucky to have your attention because most guys ( myself included ) aren't as wise as you've been toward the whole situation . i'm a little ashamed to say it ... thanks for your input pinion , oldmanrivers . yea , this definitely needs work . i think i'll take some creative writing classes at the college in town . this isn't terribly representative of how i'm ... hey captainmcmuffin , keep us posted about what you decide and how things turn out . and thanks for saying my post made you feel better . knowing i helped someone makes me feel awesome . i'm the same way . there are times when i'm super social and times when i'm reclusive , and what i want out of any relationship ( business , romantic , parent , sibling , etc . ) changes depending on which ... haha ! in any other context , that sounds horrible . thanks thismustbetheplace . thanks ! hell yea . i'd love a run-through if / whenever you feel up to it . this first chapter was written quite a while ago before i started writing ( business copy ) for a living , so grammar isn't a ... the first part applies more in this case . i responded with the truth . i love myself and think i'm great and would be surprised if any * compatible * woman felt an attraction to me . let me try to put ... to be honest , i'm just looking for a way to rationalize running like hell from this whole thing . i'm not intimidated by her . it's just that seems so wonderful already and we haven't even started ... it does absolutely make sense that you start to de-value something that you think you might not be able to get . it's what some kids do when they can't get something they want ( and what i do when ... i could've written that post . seriously . yea , i think you need to give it at least a bit more time . if she's smart and emotionally mature , she just wants to be sure she can trust you before she lets ... let's say you meet a great gal at a business meeting at a company you do work for . let's say you give her your card and tell her you'd like to talk to her in a not-so-professional context . let's say ... i agree you shouldn't overthink things when you meet someone new and things just start moving in that direction but i don't necessarily think experiencing a relationship with someone who isn't who ... sounds like it really isn't all that serious for her . she's definitely * not * head over heels for you . we men have a tendency to think that a woman is hiding her feelings when , in reality , she may ... i think distracting yourself from your thoughts and emotions is the best way to lift your spirits . for me , it has to be something productive . when i was depressed , i couldn't read novels and i ... now i know what to do if a woman kisses the palm of my hand ! haha . see , before this post , i would've thought she wanted a piece of liver . that's what my dog wants when he licks my hand . this new ... damn , you sound just like me . i can't seem to withhold a compliment from a woman i notice anything positive about . if she's got nice hair , i have to tell her . if she's got big , beautiful eyes , i'll ... you guys are awesome ! acey , that's a good suggestion . my first novella , ' missions of peter clark ' was a young adult historical fiction piece . it was published in 2005 and it was in first person . i ... fyi , i really don't like the restaurant scene but it's kind of important because george becomes a major player later in the book . that scene establishes george's character as wealthy , influential , ... fantastic input and advice , alyosha ! i can see the grandiosity you're talking about ( george being super rich and the food being the best fred had ever eaten ) and i can also see the awkward pieces of ... fyi , making oodles of money is over-rated . seriously . it's only great when you're making all that money doing something you love to do - which you'd love doing even if you weren't getting paid to do ... come on ... you're an infp , so you've got to have some sort of artistic passion . if you love to write , do it for a living . if you love to play music , become a professional musician . if you love to ... i know . i often spend half an hour in front of the mirror in the morning captivated by my reflection . i'm just so damn sexy ! hey , you didn't have to say that confidence had to be rooted in reality ; ... haha , i guess fred isn't a terribly common name in our generation . if you could suggest a name , i'd appreciate it . :) could you read this ( somewhat long ) first chapter of a sci-fi novel i'm working on ? i'm seriously thinking about going ahead and sending off the first three chapters to an agent i've worked with in ... haha , go for it ! online dating sucks , though , and some guy was just killed in my area by meeting a woman he met online . she picked him up at the mall for their date . turns out her husband was hiding ... yea , i've had that too , where you develop an attraction to someone who you weren't initially attracted to . i don't mean ' love at first sight ' ; really , i think it's just the subconscious projecting ... you know what sucks ? i'm an introvert . while i'm actually extremely outgoing when i'm out and about in the world ( talking to strangers in the line at the grocery store , buying a coffee for the old ... i don't know if i'm the typical guy but if a woman complimented me , kissed my hand , painted me in the buff , or any of the other things you described , i'd love it - if i liked her . now , quite a few ... omg ! you're pushing 35 ! you're an old fart now . could you sense the sarcasm there ? old is a 90 year old who had the misfortune of developing dementia . for someone with all of their mental ... '