without knowing anything about the different cognitive functions . i playplayed basketball for a really long time , and speaking strictly about the game , there's very few situations that would ... i'm sorry for misunderstanding and not reading your post clearly . i am glad things turned out like they did for you , and hopefully you can find closure =) . since i'm still young compared to you , i ... i'm really sorry if that came off as bad for you . i don't mean that parents are the sole reason for why you are as you are , or that you need to celebrate them as your hero and what not . it's just ... is it that feeling when you look at someone and your heart hurts ? i think i felt something similar not long ago , but i managed to rationalise that it was not meant to be and proceeded to ignore ... i have some of the same issues . my only solution is to detach myself when i grow up . if i can become financially independant , i can move somewhere else and pursue the places in which i can be ... i try to rationalise it . many times i get upset is because other people are acting / being negative , and in those cases i just ignore them , but i don't blame myself . if there are situations where i ... okey , i've had a few thoughts and inspirations that were initially focused on other people . i basically felt that , people who appeared as weak , usually had very strong cores , on the other hand , ... i think you should seek more interaction with people who make you happy , and less with people who make you unhappy . so if you think someone is a good influence on you , you should friend them =) disorder rating paranoid : low schizoid : high schizotypal : very high antisocial : low borderline : low histrionic : moderate narcissistic : moderate avoidant : high ... i'm an infp type 9 as well , and i kind of get how you are going through this . when i was seventeen i went through really dark periods , however , right now i am actually more or less cutting ... social changes hit me pretty hard , i used to be pretty extroverted before first grade , had several female friends , and then boys and girls kinda got seperated when we started in first grade . i got ... the first step is to sleep 8-9 hours a day . the rest will come after ! at the moment my fantasies are much more enjoyable than my real life . chinese and vietnamese ftw ! i'm even afraid to turn 18 . death is horrifying . sometimes perfect is the opposite of what you thought was perfect . in search of becoming better i always seem to be directed back to who i actually am or who i want to be . the most aesthetically ... i actually think that with good attitude and sleep patterns can get you very far . i know i've let myself down with lazyness , procrastination and bad habits in general . i'm not sure if i believe in ... thanks everyone =) i watched the ken robinson movie , and it is truly inspiring for me ! i think you guys are right , i've already set my mind , so i should go for it 100 % . i think something within ... hey people =) i am currently at one of the most significant crossroads of my life . that being career choice . the title sums up the essence of my problem . music has always been a huge part of ... about the hormone thing , pay attention to the days you're feeling down , i've noticed it happens to me around 15-20 th every month . autumn and winter , the seasons for cuddling inside =) john mayer - do you know me ? playcount : 449 hints fail on me , because i have something called hope ! you should send him a very dirty and sexy message =P i think that is what would provoke me the most to take contact =) i believe in love , and i don't give a damn if you don't . i probably would've loved it ... but it would be so hard to initiate it , and opening up . i am really starting to become the kind of person i want to be ... and myself is the most sacred thing i have , i would never walk away from that for some benefits in life . i don't want to dishonour ... i have a cousin who is netting a lot of wins in solo , i would expect hes a isxx , but i am not sure . anyway , i expect he is working on routine , and simply succeeds in doing the things according to ... not lonely actually , i think our central broke down =P so all we got is here xd i would describe my hidden darkness , not as something where there is a lot of bad things ... there is just nothing good . there is a difference between having had many traumatic experiences , leading to ... the more i think , the wider my perspective becomes . the happiness of my life shrinks in the proportion , and to be frank , it sucks . a moment of removing all understanding , insight and consequence , is ... there is never a way back when you do those acts towards a person . drugging , a person will have a scarmemory upon himself forever . imprisonment , there is no way back , time goes by , time does not ... i live to not live up to the ' male ' stereotype . it means that i won't be able to get into a relationship with those who won't love me for who i really am , and i am totally fine with that . never as a freak , but always ' out of sync ' with other people . this is truly a great speech and a great message . i am glad that there are other people with their eyes open . i can think that i know exactly how i am perceived by others , but i am 100 % sure that i can never know the full picture . others might act when around you , they might be nicer than they actually feel ... i have to disagree with many of the posts here ... don't resent your parents . despite every bad thing they do towards you , they only do it because they love you , and want you to grow up . i am forever ... i usually give a warning . if you receive one , don't ignore . love , happiness & truth =) i am clumsy ... that is why i remain calm and cool as much as possible =) i always tell the truth . i suck at lying ... but when i tell the truth , i do it with no hesitation , so it might look like i am lying . don't really know . picking the child , i would have known that i did the right choice . it would be much more tougher for me than the child . picking the spouse , would have ended up a scenario with two broken souls . i ... i live on being polite ... except when i am with my closest friends , then i can be a littleor very nasty ... these cocky people see so little compared to humble people . one word - seinfeld . baby dogs are supercute ... but catgirls are sexy ! if you really knew me , you would know that i am sad because of all the people who doesn't have the chance enjoy life like myself . the fact that the wealthiest keep gathering riches , and that the ... it has to be someone i am attracted to . but the thing here is that it is not very respectful to take up someones time if you really do not like the person , because she deserves someone who likes her ... you know ... i have had my ups and downs , and i tried to find the reason for it ... males have hormone cycles , when they are low on testosteron they become more aggressive or inwardly ...