' my friends are virtualy all women . and always have been . yes ! totaly with both of you on this , its also much worse if theres more than one person present , but yes , some times the procesising can take days or weeks ! ! i think its also something that ... i kind of get this , but possibly more common ( though hard to prove that ) is that people dont tell me , even though they think it , but i think generaly im like the spanish inquistion , ie not what ... like my heart is a sharp and jaggerdy rock do you mean that if your atracted to someone you cannot religh on your intution in the way you can with other people . ? i think it is well established that we have trouble with things were ... thankyou fotomoose that is a much ehalthier way to look at it :-) but i do realy need to stop now as it is effecting my work and risk deraling all of the good work ive done to get my life working ... yes i too agree that being an infj makes us very esay to abuse but in my case it was also my infj ness that saved me , in as much as although so much of my enviroment was negative , my intution told ... ha hi zech its complicated but yeh shes unavailbe well she said she was ( she may be fibbing girls have been knowen to do that ) but were ' friends ' and we realy are we share so much but my ... i think it is the atachment that causes suffering , and yet the sufreing gets balmed no the love i have a saying love dosent hurt the pain comes from other things . and if only we can seprate ... im realy stuck in an unheathy place of obsessionaly thinking about a girl . i just cant stop thinking about her i know this is pointless and the only purpose its serves is making me feel bad ... oh yes i know that ' extravert side ' all to well mr.hyde yes im realy hopeing to avoid that , i have been making progess lately on just being friendly and open and calm so lets hope for that . oh yes , well i havent been in the same room as the lady in question for 3 months , but its looking she will be at a launch party on thrusday that im going too . and i need to be profesional and ... ha yeah i was just telling a friend how my current obbsesion is getting out of hand and its just not ehalthy anymore but gawd ive got a belly full of rocks ! i just want to turn it off now ( ive ... looks like a kawasaki drifter i just started rereading rebuilding the indian . last night ( i can dream , but right now im stuck with a bmw and a moto guzi ) hi perdant hes doing it the wrong way , you cant fix the depression untill you adress the add i had 10years of them trying that . but anti ds will help level you out so you can focus on the add ... thinking about this . its not paranoia that i suffer from my battle is between clarity and hubris before i knew anything about infj id seen that had unusaual abilty to know peoples intentions ... ii take the view since im not in a long term realtionship then that must mean i have yet to meet the kind of women that i ' like ' ( and likes me back ! ) * * bit of a sore point there . i alawys throught my feelings of not being good enough came from being consitently told and showed i wasnt good enough . i now know it was only my ni that saved me because it kept telling me i was at ... so how do you see this as a realtionship rather than a friendship ? because it would appear to make things alot simpler ( theoreticaly ) well that is the best offer ive had in a while so thankyou , but unfortuntly i wouldnt go near aother entp with a sharpend stick ! but i do still apprecate the offer . yes i completly agree i belive he was one of the most important visual artists of recent times in any medium though i dont belive he could of done it with out ms.blow . oh and now ive got tears ... im not a girl , but iam infj which gives me a certain honaery girl status . your doing the right thing now keep talking about this t anybody who will listen , it doesnt matter what they say if you ... i found i could have realtivly casual sex ( not one night stands just not ' offical realships ) whilst i was medicated on sertaraline ( zoloft ) but now i just cant even bare the throught which is why ... you made me cry sy rest in peace alexander i started to consouily ' cull ' damaging realships from my life before i had found out i was infj now i have learnt the importance of fe and for me it is essentialy to talk and talk about my ... then go on to think since the stars in the consterlation are light years away they may already of blowen up and so the constilation your looking at may already not exsit accept were was her ' near psychic abilty to see peoples hearts when she married tom cruise ? you dont need to be psychic to know what kind of man he is ! :-) i giggerling at you avatar skyra this is very true , i have had sucsess by consiously ' labeling ' people so i know what to expect and more importantly what not to expect . that way i can have forfilling realtionships with people on ... oh yes i know this one all to well , whats even worse is that when we mee ' significant ' people our intuiton always knows so our behaviour changes , so these people never even see our ' everyday selves ' ... ouch ! treeghost oh thats so close to the bone . but yes i agree about the having to pace things , which is actuly fine and easy most of the time because you already with most of the people it can ... thankyou unico :-) you maybee need some infj friends i think that kind of stuff scares alot of p [ eople . i think infj's can scare them just being us , because we bring up things ther trying to ... unico what do you mean by ' intense ' :-) i understnd this to . mind you as part of my self discovery i felt that i had to sever contact with my longest standing firndships as i relised they were not healthy for me . i think as we get ... what he said . you miss understand me . i was not saying that hell would be a more disrable place to be . though as an atheist myself its clealy were the people i would want to spend eternity with will be . yeah all of the above all though certainly with all th realtionships i was in , im certain none of them were with the ' right person ' im not so sure with the ones that i never allowed to get ... i dont belive in the concept of heaven , youl notice that discriptions of hell are always ' better ' than discriptions of heaven . so im certainyl not trying to make heaven on earth , iam however ... although i would say having read through all the possible combinations im not realy fancying any of them ! maybee this is why iam single ! and so very realy see other peoples realtionships ... girls with guns , never ruins my day . thankyou cyamitide your a star . i found that very intreasting and actualy helpfull in healing my battered heart :-) hi again . well who i ' use ' at the moment are penfirnds , so ther is no danger of them being indiscrete since they dont know or in one case live within 4000miles of the real life people im talking ... your in shock . dont worry your emotions will catch up . hi whilst realy close friends are ofcourse fabulous , i realy dont thin you need one yes we need to extravert our feelings , but we dont need the person were talking to to give us advice , we just ... i would disagree with that , surely the most wronged would be his wife and children , call me old fashioned , but he is not free to have a realship , weather he has the moral integrity or , not but you ... wow thank you for that fabulous and well considered replie arleccio i find what you say about the war photos not moving you were as they raphael maddona does , realy intreasting , i find often we ... its true having recently done this and been rejected it realy sucks ! ! but it is better than not telling the other person because in reality your still being rejected just in slow motion and it is way ... ethanol 1st , reaserch into realtinships shows ( unsurprisingly ) that one of the things that realy helps for long term health , is shared values having said that i can certainly seee how to people ... i feel itchy and scratchy and wistfully aching i would agree , im much more intreasted in dialectic than debate '