' so what type of tool are you ? the only way to deal with a troll is - ignore ! ignore ! ignore ! they only do it to get a rise out of you . if you ignore them the small-minded person will move on . i mean completely ... well it sounds interesting . let us know if you give in to it and reinstal them . okay ? : wink : easier than you think . it just takes a bit of practise . and it all depends on how much you want to stop feeling like crap . you need to make sure that your interest in types isn ’ t causing you to create a problem where there is none . i would ask the other girl if we could have a chat . i would want to clear the air . as for ... for all the lovely people on here . happy valentine wishes to you all ! ! and remember , if you ’ re not in a relationship , you don ’ t need to wait for anyone to buy you some chocolates and flowers ... the only piece of advice i have is to not concentrate on how long you have gone without playing as this might just leave you feeling hard-done-by . instead look more to allotting yourself game ... i come from the “ we are what we think ” position . so my advice is , fake it till you make it . think and behave the way you would like to be . it may feel a bit phoney to begin with but you will soon ... we all want to make our mark on the world . and we do this by gathering our possessions around us in order to feel that we are a part of everything . i ’ m sorry for your present situation , it sounds ... no you don't just need to suck it up . what you need to do is make some changes in your life . when something isn't working we fix it , or ask for help to fix it . begin with some small changes . and stop ... simple . itx 92s because you think it . stop thinking it and you will stop feeling it . the quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts . welcome ! ! yay . even if your not in a relationship you can still have a good time . buy your own flowers and chocolates . go soak in a scented bubble bath with some music playing and a glass of wine . ... you know you are an intuitive when … .. you would like to warn someone about something but you're afraid they'll think your a nutcase . your friend is compensating for something - perhaps not getting enough attention - let s / he know that you know and that you will be their friend regardless . ask them to be honest with you . this is ... welcome . ..   since hex 92s not here to defend himself , it seems unfair to comment on his behaviour . but if what you say is true then i suspect that his maturity level is so much lower than yours . this isnx 92t ... thanks . i ’ ll look out for that . i agree with the above . i can recognise extraverts ( e ) , introverts ( i ) , and emotional types ( s , f ) thatx 92s it . still learning about other types . unfortunately , all extraverts . i ’ m quiet , intuitive and sensitive . extraverts seem very loud to me . or maybe i ’ m just envious . it is up to you to choose your own direction in life . it is very important to realize that we create our own destiny from the thoughts we think and the decisions we make . no i donx 92t say ' sorry ' easily , unfortunately . i wish i could . ix92m a great reader and a bit of an armchair philosopher . they would be robin hood types - steal from the rich to give to the poor . i believe we create our own reality from our thoughts and actions . this hasnx 92t gone down too well when posted in some other forums . we often treat strangers better than we treat our loved ones . cultivate true friendship with your loved one - being a friend helps keep relationships healthy . congratulations , sarek from rose xx 128 ... don't dwell on what went wrong . instead , focus on what to do next . spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answers you seek . who would i be without my story ? who woud you be without your story ? there are three kinds of busness in this world mine , yours , and gods . live out of your own busness not theirs . if your living ... i don ’ t like debate . if asked for my opinion i ’ ll give it . what they do with the information is up to them . how many of these books have you read ? * = read * 1 pride and prejudice - jane austen 2 the lord of the rings - jrr tolkien * 3 jane eyre - charlotte bronte 4 harry potter series - jk rowling ... 1 . do you remember the first impression when you first met them ? ( if you haven ’ t met one : would you want to meet one and do you think you can get along with them ? ) i would get along with an isfj ... positive affirmations is a good tool for improving the quality of your thoughts . the quality of your life will depend on the quality of your thoughts . getting the mind out of the gutter top ... there is nothing either good or bad , but thinking makes it so . ~ shakespeare i look forward to seeing what you choose . people take different roads seeking fulfillment and happiness . just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost . - the dalai lama when they ask , why should i believe you ? tell them , you shouldn ’ t . you should think for yourself . i take great pleasure in finding quotes and words of wisdom and sharing them with others . feel free to post your own favourites . ix92ll start us off . life is bizarre . the more bizarre it ... i ’ m happy to let them have a few coins . if they are genuine enough they are grateful for whatever they get . it's not sappy or cold to be sensitive . you may be a bit over-sensitive . but it sounds more like guilt ; down to the way you react after the fact . i think you are a generous personality but maybe ... reading other people's blogs may give you some ideas . thanks for the hug . can't have too many cyber hugs . i can understand that . i didn't do too well at school so i became quickly overwhelmed with all the information i was taking onboard . i had ... you're a lucky woman . i wasn't so fortunate . i came from a tough background of abuse and violence . but i always knew it didn't have to be that way and it didn't have to dictate the rest of my life ... darkestar , oh that does sound like me . but in my defence i'm a lot less judgmental and only hold grudges for real serious infractions . in my case i give first and take later as in if we want ... '