' nope . i'm fine with what i have . i'll wish that i had something that someone else has but i won't resent them for it . i don't make the conclusion that someone is better than someone else because ... dude , check that shit out . its a great disorder to have . i would be envious if you had it . its actually a disorder that acts more like a superpower than a disorder . you are able to remember insane amounts of data and do outrageous computations and learn languages in a very short amount of ... check out bicentennial man . well if the robot can feel then it would probably feel like a person with a photographic memory and synesthesia . i require the deep thinking that the intps possess . so one night i was wondering how parents could keep all those pictures of their children naked in their photo albums and not be arrested for kiddy porn . i wondered if a child porn charge would stick ... i can't say i'm intrigued by them . i think they can be fun sometimes . i haven't been acquainted with enough nfs to assess my reaction to them . well i deal with them mostly badly except for that one time i broke up and actually felt relieved that i had done it but i was still lonely without her emotional support . then one time i also went ... for the love of all things sacred can i please join your family ? i don't care if your last name is mydickhurtsalot and i have to wear red footie pajamas all the time . just save me from the non-nts of ... maybe the people that make these threads recently encounter someone the think is an intp but is really an infp . i begin to wonder how feelers like people with low empathy . maybe we just sound ... i have almost the complete opposite view as you do . i see it mostly as an act of relief . how many times have you vomited and thought to yourself wow ! i feel better ? i think so . not really sure since i can't think of any instances where i have . maybe i don't . for fucking shit up . its like the intp thread is just the greatest place to go on vacation / holiday ( for all you brits out there ) . i certainly can't understand it . i've noticed that i connect more with guys than i do with girls . so then i thought that maybe gender doesn't matter all that much in the grand scheme of things . i'd like to think that i could be ... referencing personality descriptions was what did it for me . i kept getting istp from one test but that was only because i kept saying that i liked things to be practical because apparently as intp , ... you avoid making it look insulting by showing that you're concerned . can one be concerned and insulting at the same time ? nah . it makes too much sense . britta is the best . she's an atheist and doesn't care if her underwear is clean . a woman after my own heart . what makes ti-ne-si-fe look like a good stack to someone as a 2-3 year old ? just hoping someone can read it and find similarities in their life . i wonder ... intp - chapter 3 : tonight's main event--romantic relationships versus the evil twins of the intp psyche i'm a child of the aether . always forming the clay of my soul into a someone that is always aware ... wait what ? the dark circles are like a distinguished medal you get for serving in the ranks of the intp military . they're something to be proud of like a purple heart . be proud of those things that show you ... so what would an intp look like ? how would one be identified ? i'd say that you could guess by noticing if there were circles underneath the eyes but that would only narrow it down to xnxp types i ... 63478 so what makes an intp ? whatever was happening between me and said person ends right there . depending upon my relationship with the person and the material being discussed there may and there may not be a gloating section . well i'm pretty damn sure i've never interacted with intps so what would be the driving force to make me one ? well i think it may be biological . its of course not something that is easily explained but its the one that stands up to my criticism . i have never been diagnosed . i only barely know what it feels like to be depressed because i had small episodes when i was a kid . i distinctly remember being about 4 years old and realizing that my ... i'm sorry but i don't think this friendship will work out . now i think pepsivanilla 93 said it quite nicely . i think i'm dying . just think about what you're doing when you say nice things about us . what happens is very much like what happened to the wicked ... i would have to agree that having an intp dad would be fucking amazing . you lucky lucky girl . i have had no intp interactions irl . i've only met intj girls and one istp guy whom is my best friend ... maybe . has made me question my masculinity . any other intp guys not like throwing fists ? entp + intp = rainbows made of encyclopedias well sf for sure . after that its almost random guessing . esfj ? is it a trick ? if it is then i'll get you for lying . yeah . we're just the scouts . i was recruited back in ' 09 after the great information holocaust . there was such a shortage of willing scouts that i decided to serve my country the best way i knew how . this is why god hasn't sounded as absolutely bat shit crazy as he used to . if i can believe that matter came into existence ( meaning pure creation of matter ) from nowhere then i wouldn't have to try ... triggerhappy 923 since you're an intp there seems to be more credit lent to your story . i know that you've put the story through the logical ringer so its like something has been peer reviewed . of ... i talked to an enfp on fb and she is really nice , understanding , and caring . she likes writing erotica and i'm not sure if thats a good thing or a bad thing . she said she was comfortable telling me ... 9w8 all very true and she did apologize . i've done very little star trek watching but it does intrigue me . picard is pretty cool . hey man if louis c . k . can do it then its cool . crass is the new cool . he made a joke about masturbating as an adult on a playground . this is tame . you realize that i'm an intp right ? we invented sloth . '