' i guess i should leave a bye or something . i won't be logging in for about 2 years starting some time tomorrow , got some things to do . so ... bye o / wait for it ... 468642 10 things you were doing wrong : some level of necrophilia would be implicit in such a game . oculus rift's first costumers : oh , the black thing i'm not allowed to rub steel spoons against or they will scratch it . nice . i see . it's the second time i see an istp discussing with someone else and then they change their attitude because the person explained themselves better but the person doesn't realize it and think there's ... it's the one used to make the tubs walter and jesse need to dissolve their first body ( that's all i knew about it before this exchange ) . unfortunately it's not used for regular bathtubs . hmm ... if it's not made of polyethylene it might not be safe , as i've read on this site i found while looking up what the heck is sous vide : ( at the ... while people spend their time discussing unimportant things someone in japan invented a suit that lets you take a bath without getting wet . 457193 * larger file : ... 456505 wall driving robot car : liftware parkinson spoon : i think elliott hulse ( yo elliott ) , from the youtube channel of the same name and the strengh camp channel ( ) , is an estp 8 . scientifically accurate catdog yoda's death remastered cut . yeah , i can't even stand getting a haircut every month , i don't know how she doesn't get bored with the high maintenance . i was contemplating how i can keep up with that post without a problem . i blame it on my sister for knowing about dye stuff ... she can't keep the same color in her hair for more than a few months and ...  robot's wheels with rotation patterns and design that allow them to move its frame in unusual directions ( sideways , diagonally ) . ...  i just figured out matt damon and mark wahlberg are not the same person . in a middle school's secret santa i gave a dvd with metal gear solid 3 written on it to the guy i was assigned to . and when he tried to play it on his playstation 2 he found out it was actually a ... to ̶ d ̶ o ̶ troll list : - post in the spend five minutes to write a poem thread at the nf's forum and write a lame poem ... ͟ c ͟ h ͟ e ͟ c ͟ k ͟ ͟ ✓ ͟ - suggest that i'd give star wars : episode vii ... shoot ! i came in here to shout 24601 ! but someone had already dropped that reference . noctis thinking takes me too long so by the time i'm done and the five minutes are gone this poem wi η φωτογραφία θα ειναι διαθέσιμη σε λίγα λεπτά = the photo will be available in a few minutes you're welcome . if this doesn't make any sense , either you ain't lucky or i'm going insane . ... poor removable disk ( D: ) . he always seems so troubled . he changed his username to something more christmas-y . it was santabob i think . haha . it trades safety over underwater mode though . i like washington's spider-man pajama pants and clinton's nuclear-attack-button alligator . oh , bill has got lewinsky too . i didn't know the usa's presidents were this cool ... presidents of the united states - album on imgur length = 3:14 length = 2:44 1 up why are you wearing that stupid bunny suit ? this is my boomstick ! no , wait , that's not right ... loud eating in the library what my beard looks like today , after i decided to toy with it . 440098 groovy ! i was thinking meh , but considering this info and that trailer i hadn't seen yet i'm gonna have to give it a shot . * starts geeking out * my favorite one is evil dead 2 , followed ... just saw the username luvnlife 4sho mentioned in an article , lol . i really enjoy these sound oriented abbreviations . 439170 could you expand ? regarding the bolded part . edit : wait , nevermind . i'm asking nonsense questions again . the pyromaniacs ' motto . 9w8 . because of all that hopelessness and numbness . what do you think of genos ' type ? shift + tab i dig keyboard shortcuts too . 433410 i really like that phonetic once . its logo is an owl . maybe it really does . '