' because i have trust issues and an unreasonable demand for privacy and alone-time . thus i have a hard time staying close to people . i'm definitely not the best person at keeping friendships alive , so ... it's been quite a while since i posted anything in this thread , so , here we go again . 29327 29328 yeah , i lean towards p too . i just don't want to make a hasty judgement because as stated above i haven't finished the book yet . but i don't trust my skills in typing book-characters or real people ... i'm actually reading it at the moment . but i'm only halfway through it . from what i've read up to know i agree that charlie is probably some kind of infx i'm a little nervous . my final-exams-week is starting tomorrow . and even though i've always been a rather good student and feel like i've studied enough for the exams i'm a tad scared of the ... i wouldn't say that we infp's have stronger fears or more fears than other types in general . i ` d say it's rather that depending on the surroundings introverts are prone to develop a lot of fears ... you are right , i can definitely see the similarity . maybe it's a more common infp eye-color * haha * . when somebody asks me i normally say they are green too . 13640 i present you my weird eyes that are neither really blue , nor green , nor grey . i'm not that bad at learning new languages . well , at least it's easier for me than mathematics - and everything is a piece of cake compared to that . my first language is german , so i'm fluent in ... as for me i only initiate things when they concern people i regard as close friends . and since i don't have that many close friends due to general lack of common interests and the shallowness of ... hmm ... i feel like sharing some of the pictures i took when i had a little photoshooting together with my dog . she's a bit of a diva when it comes to taking photos though , so it wasn't that easy . ... well i guess we infp's don't really have a choice . it's like we have to watch stuff that contains conspiracy-theories and supernatural occurrences . but seriously . sometimes creepy stuff happens to ... i'm currently in the middle of x-files season 2 . season 1 got me so hooked i had to buy the next 2 seasons on dvd instantly . the only negative thing about the show i have to mention is that i ... let's just hope they don't decide to produce a whole album with her where they let her make brain-melting songs about all the other days of the week . earthquakes in japan , zombifying songs like ... ok it's a german song but it's a great one . i know most of you won't understand the lyrics but i think it's one of those songs where it's not absolutely necessary to understand them as long as you ... as the years go by it's getting harder and harder for me to trust people . not that i've ever been one that trusts easily to start with . but when i really felt a connection to someone i always tried ... i recently noticed that when i'm around other people and feel uncomfortable i do the fake yawning . i don't have the slightest idea why i do this but it's always triggered by social anxiety . also ... if i really had to give myself a label it would be indie . and since it stands for independent it's not really a label at all . plus the music is just awesome and the clothes are the best :] so i ... the uglies trilogy by scott westerfeld is great . it's also quite dystopic like the hunger games but in a different way . or clockwork angel by cassandra clare . it's about demon-hunting people ... dear chris , first things first . enjoy your elementary-school years . you'll have a lot of friends at that time and nobody will push you to do things that you don't want to do . in fact your teacher ... 1976 so - now hopefully everybody can see that this thread is safe to enter again :] ok , i can live with that . we have a deal ;D now we can go back to the status quo and continue with make-believing that infp's are the shy , innocent , fluffy little creatures that live high up in the ... ok ... i guess now we have reached the point where i will keep my theories to myself in order to not get beaten up or kidnapped by the secret infp-mafia . now that i think of it ... let's just pretend i ... i'm sure there's a high possibility that you're not the only one who would enjoy that idea . hm .. i suddenly have the bad feeling that this could actually work ... probably because infp's aren't as ... just sayin ' ... i hope this thing isn't slowly developing into some kind of black-market where people deal with pictures instead of money . - weird infp conspiracy theory - nooo ! peer pressure is like kryptonite for us infp's . it can seriously make one sick . : o personal freedom ftw ! i was told about this band by a classmate some weeks ago . i think their music is awesome . in my opinion they sound a little like mgmt - and that's a good thing . you're something else i'm a 100 % sure that you brought that topic up - why o_o - because nobody else here could've had such an idea hey , be quiet and go back to your world ( ok i ... so i've seen that a lot of infp's like to wear fake glasses . i'll support that theory with this pic 1926 and here are two other random ones : 1927 1928 organisation is the last refuge of a tired mind the only things in my room that are totally organised are my books and my dvd collection . should i ever start to try to make my room look ... did you read the book series ? oh ... in my case reading would be the wrong word ! i devoured them ! it's one of the best trilogies i've ever read . are you excited to see who will be cast for the ... who said that infp's were antisocial ? just try us on a day that doesn't end in - y :P how come so many infp's are posting their pictures here when in real-life we're so hard to find o_o . that's a mystery up for discussion ! my innermost is like a lighthouse . i may let some people in to explore the ground-level . if they are trustworthy and honest i grant them access to the higher storeys . but up to now i've always kept ... so ... here's my post ... ( i regret this already .. because i don't consider myself photogenic at all ~ _ ~ ) 1828 1829 you're the most normal , average , and down to earth person i've ever meet . maybe even on the planet . you're such a rational thinking and practical person . i can definitely imagine you as the ceo of a ... in my case it's not that they think i'm dumb . in fact they know that i'm quite intelligent ( especially regarding languages ) and try to use me for their own good especially when there's a test at ... i guess that's quite a typical reaction for an infp . our personality type is very likely to repress anger and negative emotions . on the long run we have to work through our emotions though and this ... well people could probably find me : -> in a bookstore ( well yeah an obvious choice for an infp . and when i'm there i tend to stay much longer than the average person because i want to make sure ... you know you are an infp ( or maybe it's just me ) when you empty the dishwasher and accidentally break a glass . when you notice it you feel a little bad about it . not because you have to discard it ... i've started writing a book several times but i never got really far . but i have the intention to make a change in 2011 and develop a plot that is worth the effort to write it down . one of my biggest ... oh i so wanna read that book too ! the storyline always seemed very interesting to me . i just haven't found the time to read it up to now . probably because of my mild book addiction which led to ... my favorite song of the year 2010 award has to go to one of these 2 songs here : wasting away by tonight alive ( or ) revenge and its thrills by tonight alive oh i sooo love the books . i've read all 3 of them in a rush . i'd say those books definitely made the year 2010 a whole lot better . i'm new to this whole personality-type thing so i don't really ... officially i'm roman-catholic . but i don't really believe in christianity or any other religion . ( like pretty much all of the people who are my age ) . in fact where i live most people aren't ... i wonder if my avatar gives away my type ? * haha * anyway - hello everybody : 3 ( english isn't my first language , so please excuse spelling or grammar mistakes that will occur eventually ) i am the one who is out of touch with the person in the mirror . i am the one who thinks words can be far more sharp-edged than razor blades '