' sometimes . and my chinese zodiac sign's a dog . but i suppose i'm slightly more similar to a squirrel . how to win friends and influence people by dale carnegie ( but when you're reading it you have to keep this in mind : what i found most interesting was that the last chapter of how to win friends ... 10 myths about introverts | carlkingdom.com :: writer . director . artist . ^ ^ i agree with you on there being a difference between an unfertilized egg and a fish - but the thing is that when eggs are produced all the male chicks get killed because they can't lay eggs when ... that song would be kind of perfect :D - but i have to take an excerpt that only lasts 20 seconds > . < . well , i'm definitely considering it ... and thanks to everyone else ! ! i really appreciated your ... ach wie cool , die unterhaltung hätten wir ja die ganze zeit auf deutsch führen können ^ ^ . it does ^ ^ - and i bet it would stand out :D what song would you like to be played at your graduation ? ( we all get to choose and i can't really decide , so i'd be really grateful for some new suggestions ... thanks ! ! =) ) ethylester , i remember you from when i first found this site . i really enjoy reading your posts and it's always nice to see your avatar because it gives me a feeling of familiarity and it somehow ... first of all , if you're inside , try to get out and go somewhere where you can be alone , or , if you prefer , somewhere where there are lots of people . just don't stay the way you are right now if you ... yes , i used to have that feeling a lot . when i was a kid i was sort of waiting for my story to begin - i was into fantasy - so i was somehow always anticipating the moment when the adventure would ... i remember you , you're one of the people who used to post when i first came here , welcome back ! :) by the way : when i was about 13 i discovered the thing with finding happiness everywhere and being ... well , this might help if you want to think your way out of a rut . here's a link : but you probably don't understand german , so ... [ / quote ] ( the thing with wanting to make a thread is true and it's what i was going to post it just like that , but then i had this idea ( sort of a story about two infps or whatever you want to turn it ... when i'm stressed i often get into these two states : there's the one in which i'm really quiet and not really there and i feel quite dizzy and as if i'm in a dream , that gets relieved by music or ... i was just listening to this and the pictures and the beginning of the song fits , although the part afterwards doesn't sound that lonely ... and it synchs up really well with this scene from star wars ... i'm subscribed to this thread and when i read this i thought you'd be an nf , so when i came on here i was a bit surprised . xd but that fits in with your comment . sensors using metaphors and thinkers ... the title made me think of this one : dreams ... maybe being a healer isn't just about healing those who fight ( i suppose you mean for the good side ) but also healing those who do wrong . ;) because that can actually be worse than being treated badly ... me too ! xd my voice has become much more distinct in the last year or the last few years . ( i'm sixteen . ) i didn't always know it was there . when i was about thirteen i read something about ... amélie poulain , perhaps ? ( do people outside of europe know this film ? ) as a kid , i used to think that i might be whisked off into another world at any moment . and sometimes , if it got really windy or something i thought : it's going to happen now =) ! - oh no ! you're not ... actually , i can really relate to some of the stuff on this thread . but i did think that i might be an isfp once and my n isn't very strong . well , after reading parts of this thread i went to the ... yes ! squirrels ! ! ! :D and clothespins and huge lakes with floating libraries and trees made of chocolate :) ) ) ... i think that the way the person in this song behaves and feels might describe ( some ) infps or nfs ... oh my god ! i used to do that when i explained chemistry to a friend . and i put philosophical things about relationships in there , too ^ ^ . i googled it and found this : and also this , ... well , it's cool you did now . - edit ( again ): oh , now i get it ! you did , you only had to close out of here . sorry ! - i just noticed that this got lots of replies in a short time . i did a long post and ... whoa ! 14 views and 13 replies nearly everyone who looked at this has replied ^ ^ ! edit : oh , wrong ! ( blush ) , but still ... do you know about masquerade ? it's the survival game we're supposed to play . ( i'm referring nfs ) please look at this ... that was written by an infj . and this : if you really mean this , the ... oh , welcome ! =) and loads of us lurk - me too ! especially , when i'm looking at other types ' forums ... and if you need to convey any other emotions : ~ (: - ( <- studying's making me tired and i'm ... i was thinking about this today . i'm doing a project for school on the gdp and how it doesn't really measure wealth and how we're really focused on economical growth even though there is a limit ... well yeah , but to me it sounded as if i was about to molest someone for a moment-what does that say about me ? :/ but if it had said guy instead of girl , it might have sounded a bit like that ... lmao oh my god , yeah ! especially prepare to feel loved ^ ^ ! hey , this thread is kind of similar ^ ^ ... i just looked at your profile and saw that you're ... i'm not an intp but perhaps you don't get enough sleep ... that can be a big problem . the part with evil and adapt to society made me actually shake my head and mouth no xd . you know , in the way that you sometimes talk to someone in a movie when a hurt person might be about to ... me too ! ! sometimes i even switch languages , so i'm sure the people around me don't understand xd ! rainbow =) oh , i'm going to volunteer this summer . i've wanted to do this for ages and it's finally worked out ! =) so i haven't made any experiences yet , but i think it'll be nice even though some people can't ... yeah , i was wondering if you actually meant that , because you posted so quickly xd . the thing with sybil and the mk-ultra is scary , isn't it ? that's interesting , too ... oh , this is weird ... i was looking at this thread yesterday : here are some quotes : ( catalysts equals dreamers ... mine was tiny , too , at first ! i don't know if you care anymore , but first you've got to select edit post . then you click on that yellow bit on your picture . a box should appear and you've got to ... i've only watched one real horror movie and i felt sorry for the monsters , especially for the evil spirits xd . i mean , imagine being that tortured and pained to turn evil and to have to hurt others ... oooh ! this is stunning , isn't it ? ;) : 13657 so , it wasn't pointless . i think it's a lovely thread :) , it made me feel better about myself . by the way , i make comments like i know this sounds silly or i'm probably wrong but or this isn't ... oh , i just read your thread , thought should i answer ? , then snuck away ^ ^ ... and when i want to post something , it can be like this : i type it in . i look at it ... i'm not convinced . i copy ... '