' i wish my life was in order ... so many ideas and possibilities , yet so much procrastination ! i've never heard those names in my entire life . i regretfully admit that i will only visit paris fantastic , i will go there next month . you need to give me the rundown after you come back so i come prepared ! oh really ? :D 3w2 or 3w4 , sometimes is feels impossible to differentiate between the two . one of the easiest ways is simply finding out about their insecurities ( asking the right questions , leading questions are key here ) and compliment them on said insecurities . make is sound sincere ! you should stop pushing his buttons , because what you want to happen will not do so by pushing . he doesn't want you to compare him to anything you might know from his past . this is because he is ... entp i really want to find a nerd girl who is beautiful and fun , but they seem hard to find . not to rain on your parade , but i don't want to see a sagging , aged body at all . looking forward to it :) knowledgeable , likes to delve into subjects i suppose the title sounds almost as confusing as what i'm about to describe here . i'm starting this thread because i can't get a grip of who i am , since i'm constantly changing , adapting to achieve ... esthetic hello , and welcome :) vivid imagination fan of fiction , as long as it has a dark side to it . intelligent ches , i believe entp personalities do have an advantage point in sales , generally speaking . i've sold just about anything , currently i do business in shanghai , closing deals with distributors ... new here , looking forward to meet you fellow entp friends fry eggs , bacon , add black pepper and pizza spice . then drown it in taco sauce . genuine compliments are usually received as smooth enough to go in for the kill . hidden attributes , worth pursuing . enjoying my precious coffee . first sip , instant happiness . worst when i was a teenager , working in industrial / factory and even janitor . one hour felt like one week , incredibly boring . respect to those who can do it year after year . strangest living in ... i find it impossible to be just friends with women , thus preferring male friends . not sure why , but it i can't see past the sexual tension so a new acquaintance becomes a sexual partner or i chose ... 1 . i'm in sales and abolutely love it . what makes sales so appealing is that you get to use your extraverted side as well as analytical sense . every potential client is a new challenge and you have ... sounds great ! i know very little of him as i've only seen one or two videos . he seems energetic and he is , no doubt , extremely successful in his business . grandmaster yoda , i suppose having one of the featured personality types in this government is a start . which one are you , may i ask ? hello everyone , i'm very excited to discover this website . like many of you , i also came to a point where i wanted to explore my personality further . this community seems like a great resource for ... '