' yes ! they are one of my weakness types , so fun and full of life :) i have more close enfj friends and have always gotten along with that type . i'm 22 and have noticed this bad behavioral pattern i've been developing . i have a tendency to get attached to guy friends and develop feelings for them after a while . after that i can't get them out ... i used to be scared of needles and vaccines too but i got over that , i get the comparison you are making but to me it's just in a completely different category . when you go get a vaccine you can't ... it could have something to do with my sex drive , sure . but i've been this way all my life and i don't just have a problem with romantic touch , but also the platonic kind . yeah i'm from a culture and family where we are not physically affectionate at all . my mom was a good mom and took care of us but there was never that kind of hug and kiss thing happening in our ... 22 and maybe about two years ago . why ? i do admit these things sound cliche but a hopeless romantic does unfortunately describe who i am . yolo is just a dumb word to say do spontaneous crazy things and live wild in a shorter way .  ... i don't mean to make it sound like he would just be willing to drop everything and date and commit for life : , ) i just mean i know there is a connection between us and i know he is physically ... i don't have a history of sexual or physical abuse if that's what you mean ? i don't have any other particularly traumatic events in my life either apart from the classic daddy issues and being ... to me this sounds a bit like you are asexual ( nothing wrong with that ! ) . i have felt sexual attraction to people before and do think i could get into sex if i got over my fear or letting people down ... i don't know :D there are so many labels and reasons probably but i just want to fix it rather than over analyze it more : > this is actually such an interesting perspective ! it is so different from mine but i totally get where you are coming from . logically and morally sex isn't wrong , it's natural and i think girls who ... thank you for your thoughtful response , it's nice to feel that someone really gets it ! the basic textbook advice is always just don't do anything before you are perfectly ready and the right person ... it's ... complicated : , d we are classmates and became friends , we hang out daily on a friend group of around 4-8 people . i know he was into me in the beginning ( i don't want to sound conceded lol but ... is that sarcasm lol ? : , d i think many infjs have this ability to hang out with pretty much anyone . i'm not judgemental and can get along with most people easily . i hang can hang out with a party drug crowd one day and then ... i agree with this ! i love sun but a rainy day once in a while feels so calming and refreshing . i can listen to different kind of music then and it's more socially acceptable to be sitting in with a ... i'd be interested in hearing how other infjs express anger and frustration . does it happen often or rarely and in what kind of situations ? i can add my response later in too but i don't wanna ... i can relate ... i get feelings towards people who are either emotionally unavailable or someone i could never actually date ( housemate , teacher , friend's boyfriend etc . ) . i think it's a self-defense ... artistic , loving and caring but also a bit selfish and naive . sorry : , d i thought i was an infp at one point briefly , but then realized that i really wasn't : , d yeah i agree , i appreciate you saying that :) i'm just sometimes tired of being such an hopeless romantic and over analyzer or every potential relationship , i want to just learn to go with it and ... i hate my ni , i feel that it honestly makes me so disconnected from the world and people most times . yeah sure it's great to see things from many perspectives and understand things on a deep level ... i know that logically . but i've been alone my whole life and avoiding any possibility of intimacy or sex because i've had that attitude . i'm trying to develop as a human and not be so stuck in this ... what does this mean exactly ? do you have to have the same level of a libido and be into the same things or ? so you have an open relationship ? i could imagine being okay with something like that maybe at one point honestly how can a girl be sooo bad at sex that it'd be a deal breaker ? i want details , is it because they are too shy or boring or not willing to do certain stuff ? the problem is that i don't think i could have sex with someone without a romantic connection ... i know that is how life should be in the ideal world and i haven't done anything with anyone because i am looking for a person who really would get it and be okay with it . but i'm also trying to be ... yeah ... i feel you :/ i feel i've missed out on a few potential romantic relationships in my life since i knew the other person had a sexually active fast and would feel pressure to put out so my ... that is honestly what i feel like i'm gonna be like . my biggest fear when it comes to sex is disappointing or boring someone because i'm so shy and not into super wild stuff . i kind of don't care as ... gives me some hope i guess : , ) but i also don't want to force someone to wait for me and miss out on living their best sexual life so it's complicated i'm kind of afraid of the words meaning action aspect of an estp . if i told an estp i had feelings for them and they felt the same way they would probably just see it as the next logical step to hook ... haha yeah :D if i'm at a party or something and someone just randomly puts their arm around me or grabs my hand i just kind of like freeze and try to get out of it as fast as i can without seeming ... maybe there's hope for me yet : , ) how soon do you start to get sexual in new relationships with a partner ? if i may ask i've been trying to do that and honestly have made huge personal improvements on some stuff like hugging and platonic friendly touching . it's so funny though that i'm still at a level of a 13 year ... it really does depend on the person and situation a lot for me too . if i like someone enough i am okay with them being physically close and even sleeping in the same bed , i just don't want it to get ... i don't want a pity pass , i don't want to bore anyone or suck at it : , d i'm an infj-t and 4w5 nice to meet you :) i had a relatively good childhood but i grew up in a family of thinkers that always made me feel like i was the black sheep and there was something wrong ... actually i've never had sex at all :D the idea of being so shit at it that someone would just give up on you is pretty horrible tbh . if you care about the person can one bad first sexual experience ... no , you're welcome to join in too :) i just am mostly confused about the estps and their views on sex i'm nearly 23 and as long as i can remember i've had problems with physical intimacy and expressing emotions through physical contact . i don't just mean in a sexual or romantic way i've even been ... for me it's not about morality or some kind of societal values , i just don't feel comfortable getting physical right away . i want to know the person and have a connection first and i kind of feel ... you're an intj though ? :D that's very different from an estp perspective how could a girl be so bad at sex that you give up after the first time ? yaiks : , d i don't judge other people for having sex casually but for me i need to have some kind of connection or trust before ... this is actually very accurate , he takes it pretty hard when people close to him are disappointed in his actions . like he will try to make it up to me if he feels he messed up something before . i'm ... this actually makes a lot of sense . he doesn't really care about what random people think ( unlike me , i care way way too much ) but he seems to care a lot about disappointing people close to him . how long are you willing to wait to have sex or get more physical in a new relationship ? do you see sex as just a standard thing that you jump into pretty much right away ? how important is sexual ... no he definitely is , estps have extroverted feeling as their third function and i can see his sensitive side though he tries to hide it :D he would never tell this stuff to just anyone but i'm very ... i have a close estp friend and he is the sweetest and kindest person i know . however , i've noticed he is often paranoid about people not liking him even though they really do . he is always the life ... '