' seasonally dependent and outdoor work can be like this , but even office work can be like this if there are time dependent projects with other people's work depending on your tasks being completed . one of my business ideas is harnessing cattail and marsh grasses as a feed stock for energy , fertilizer , and building materials . once a market is created for these materials , then production and ... there are some jobs that you just need to finish before you can leave . this can be anything from needing to clean up after the days work or prepping the workplace for the next day . it can be ... in actuality the person is being asked out , however they are also getting all the date preparation plans sloughed onto them which is kinda rude to be honest . if anyone does this be sure to suggest a ... i remember going through something like that . i think it might be a bit age and diet related . i remember being continually spaced out and just forcing myself through the day and never wanting to get ... if it's a recruitment agency that is trying to get you into the it industry then just forget about it . they want you there because they can sell you to multiple companies and make a ton of money off ... there definitely does need to be educational reform . my list goes as follows : - empowerment of teachers to discipline the students and give punishments . - accountability of teachers to ensure all ... i don't think the super compressed matter of a singularity is still considered to be in an atom state . so getting the world sucked up by a black hole may actually destroy the world and everything it ... i think nf idealistic nature is focused more on ideal human behavior and social systems and interactions where as nts focus more on the structures and non-living entities that manage and organizes ... it looks like the solution to your predicament is to accept that god exists ( after all there are a bunch of immortal and omnipotent people all around you . if you can accept the supernatural you ... turn the intp into an omniscient all-seeing god , so that he already knows everything about everything , but is intangible , transparent and cannot affect anything . the problems with earth are societal and political issues , not technological ones , and barely economic ones . we have the technology to feed everyone on the planet , we have the technology to give ... i recently typed my younger brother as an istj . we get along pretty well , but i have noted that he gets irritated when i try to show him or teach him how to do something , or start talking about some ... that would be the it would be too much effort to pursue my dreams option i have dabbled in writing , video game design , board game design , economic and business ideas and theory . i've acquired a decent knowledge base in fields of my interest such as renewable and ... i recently decided that it was a time for a change in my life and so put in notice at my workplace to quit . i have a few ideas and goals that i have wanted to pursue and so will put some time in ... why is this necessary ? i'm genuinely curious . [ / quote ] the reason indoctrination is necessary is to instill community and civic loyalty into the members of your society . if the members of your ... consideration towards other peoples emotions and situation comes only as an afterthought , as i am internally focused . so being brutally honest and blunt comes naturally . also , i seek acceptance ... isn't that more like having interest in the system that is society rather than being interested in people , wanting to know and talk about all the daily social interations of friends and the ... to determine they are an n can come down to the possessions that they show off and seem to be proud of . ns will have gimmicky items that are a little strange and imaginative , while s's will show off ... recently i have fallen hard for the modern monetary theory , which among other things specifies that government , as a creation source for the country's currency , does not have any real need to take ... you may in theory be able to make it a dual system . capitalism vs a worker / producer cooperative network my idealized system of socialism is having an interdependent network of worker-owned ... this might mean he has already achieved his goal then , since it is a fantasy that he'll ever achieve changing his type . ( now there is a paradox ) there you go posh eagle , the very fact that you ... sorry , i meant inferior fe . this seems like a you know you're an intp moment though since you felt obligated to comment on my error rather than respond to my message . i think it would come down to a bruce banner and the hulk character to fully epitomize what an intp villain could be like . we are normal until our inferior fi ( sorry meant fe ) takes over then we ... well , i have heard that intp's make excellent hitman / assassin / snipers , but even that doesn't necessarily mean evil , just capable of emotionlessly doing harm to others . as for evil though , i think ... my thought was that your dislike for estj seems to be the it is setting me apart from others perspective , and as you previously stated : i am too domineering being domineering is most closely ... my impression is that you are too stuck up on changing in the wrong ways . you seem to think that becoming or enhancing your intuitive introversion will mellow out the commanding presence that sets ... ya , i like playing video games and used to be really into them , but a lot of the times i get as much out of it when i watch someone else play . i think for me to really get into video games again i'd ... it seems to me that almost all intps have some vice or method they use to unwind . even we get brain fried if we pursue and investigate and analyse our interests too much and so vegging out in one way ... another one might be as a gathering of photographers . look for the people with landscapes , curious objects and emotional moods to their settings . you can probably steer away from those who do lots of ... i don't argue , i correct their way of thinking in the most polite , direct , and methodical manner possible until they see their error of their ways . while i'm not one of them , a lot of us have a deep passion for music , so maybe music stores , or the guys hiding and carefully observing the crazy people in the mosh pit at concerts ? credit based economy i have nothing against s types , most of them can be great industrious people and we can get along fine , just esf types . it is fine if you are just watching them from a distance , as the strangeness of ... bump i would not confront him to explain what you don't like about him . this would be too direct , and may really raise the discomfort level between you two . it may work well to just tease him a bit ... like i mentioned on an earlier post , i find the thinking / feeling designation more typically on it's own as being an indicator on how you direct your thought than to how you think . a feeler has a ... another glaring problem with education these days is that a high proportion of people end up in university because it is the expected place to go after graduation , but they don't really know what ... but of course to discriminate against people based on an intelligence aptitude quotient would be wrong . . . but it would also be very effective . i've actually thought that general education ... the goal of general education should be the following : 1 ) to prepare a person for living in the current world 2 ) to steer them towards and provided guidance for their future possible occupations ... the mbti thinker where your personality type is * * t * essentially means that the things that capture most of your interest in the world around you are physical objects , structures or systems of the ... early to bed and early to rise i think i know just what you mean . personally i have a hundred odd ideas and interests that i would really like to develop , delve into , or accomplish . however in order to do so i would i have to ... i've been selling trees locally . either collect seeds in fall and cold stratify and sprout them , or go around and dig up newly sprouted trees and transplant them into pots . ensure that they'll ... okay , i wouldn't exactly call it courage , but alcohol can definitely transform your behavior . i find it really loosens up the internal controls i have . it may even transforms me into an extrovert by ... i will abide to those with authority ( usually ) , but won't respect them unless i understand and agree with their decisions . i want to respect you , so expect me to question your choices , expect me to ... you make it sound like you'll invest in oil on the stock market but you can't just invest in oil on the stock market as that would be commodity and futures trading which is different than the stock ... you sell equity in your company in exchange for money as stock , a little like getting a loan completely on your own terms , with no expectation of every paying back the principal . the stock market ... natural selection : because women in the past who valued and experimented in scientific knowledge were labeled as witches and stoned or burned at the stake , or they were socially less valued by ... '