i'm only lazy when i have nothing to do . i can't do that sj thing where they are constantly grazing around for jobs to complete . i'll let a bunch of important things build up , destroy them with 100 % ... chef whites ( all my clothing is actually black ) , lighter , dallas key ( used to clock in for work ) , house key i defeated teenage acne , it was on my cheeks , chin , and forehead ( clinically diagnosed as ' moderate acne ' ) between the ages of 16 - 21 this is the secret . drink water , stop being a greedy pig , ... i'm complicated , it true but i don't smell like poo no , i mean it i've had a monster turd , i've seen it no pungent drama on a panorama view of you my poo i beg of you i more or less decided my career at 23 years old , around 7 months ago . i just need freedom of expression , and right now i am pretty much portraying my greatest self through catering . i was ... entjs are interesting people ! i never put myself in a situation of conflict . my episodes are very brief , and promptly dealt with . my anger can sometimes explode if the environment is right for it , but it's so unlike my nature , ... it's been awhile - staind there aren't rules , it just nice that if you make a comment to somebody's post that you give them a notification ... i don't recall anybody in this thread making a link between si & the past , so i just figured unless you pulled an idea out of the blue and it made no sense , that you made a direct reference to my ... you became very entitled , very quickly . another infp trait ! you bust out your guitar and start serenading them . yep , when i went for an office job ( recruitment ) i was anxious , and felt small compared to everyone ! then i got a job in a kitchen , and i'm basically the boss ' knight in shining armor . practical jobs ... yes , i do . isfps will explode , dance , and burst into a scene . infps will walk onto the scene talking about something that happened in the past . we are similar , mind you . we both love to discuss ideas . i tried watching a youtube video on gravity , it looked like a university class was being presented , and it just annoyed me . it was not concrete at all , and you basically get a few impressions and ... yes , i can tell the difference . esfps will break into dance at any random point in the day , for no reason , uninfluenced by external factors . isfps either wait till they are home , or until the ... ok . my sister is an isfj , too . she is a much better artist than me ! just stay introverted , if you are an introvert , and don't be embarrassed to express yourself in what way you deem necessary . when you think about it , you already know how to be authentic , embrace ... isfps only need to be more like their true self , in order to explore and develop their ni . as ni is a subconscious function ( they're all subconscious , but ni is less explicable ) , if you strive to be ... i see some infps have arrived in order to scout out any bargains on offer . si is nice . so , i really like the female vampire asmrs . i'm a man but i would love to make one for the audience . i personally do not watch men make asmr , but i wouldn't shun the idea of doing one . in socionics , istj is an isfps benefactor . they are awesome , provide us with te , and pretty much can't do anything wrong around us . i'm not surprised it worked out well . i had an interaction with an entj ! may i ask , how do you know she was an isfp girl ? haha , i was trying to be funny and look at morrisey's style through a sensual view ! the greatest hits 1 . i popped a spot and it hurt 2 . let me fix your laptop , samantha 3 . jennette , you gave me a boner 4 . for some reason i bleed 5 . egg , ham and chips , that's tradition 6 ... i accept , thank you , istj . what about a month's free trial , like amazon prime . i can offer you some fi , i mean ... it's not much ... but it's still good ! leave me alone ! isfps look like they have a laser beam coming from their face , breaking down your soul . together again - janet jackson infp . i blame all the ( actual ) infjs on youtube . those animated , tempting eyebrows . that expressive face . ah ! ! ! thinking is the process of reaching a decision . intuition is about recognizing something familiar or interesting . sia - chandelier be polite , and be supportive . everybody is their own greatest artist . even the most magnificent van gogh collection would only make up 0.01- 0.05 % of an individuals ' character . the greatest opera only makes up a short time period ... melancholy ( for me ) is that brief 2 second period after you are appreciated when you realise how all your life came down to this insignificant moment , and nothing more . then you realise that there's ... i used to like going to church with my school as a little greek kid because they sometimes gave you brioche bread as a treat . otherwise i'd stare at the clock and count the seconds till 11am , then i ... ask yourself , which type would you rather be , and why would you rather be that type ? when you have answered these questions , then you will truly know . i wouldn't be happy at myself for not being able to return such a wonderful gift . if we're going to play a game of sentiments , mark my word , mine be 1000x more emotional and on point than yours . the ... not particularly , no . no need to tread around eggshells when in conversation with you .