' yeah , sw is great . i saw him on the last tour in chicago . they played the full new album and a lot of others . when they exited , a storm corrosion ( collaboration with mikael akerfeldt of opeth ) song ... i've been with enfps , isfjs ( ugh so emotional * eyeroll * ) , esfjs ( never works ) , intps , and istjs ( that got boring fast ) . i hope my enfp friend is wanting more than a friendship , but i only know women ... if it is a choice , i have no problem . yeah small talk sucks . i don't put any effort into it because it's pointless . christopher hitchens i'm not procrastinating , i'm thinking is my response . the conversation ends and i go back to thinking . then , a few days later i actually start thinking and the task gets done lol . don't look for it . it just happens ( at least in my experience ) i'm a realist my snail would be mr . snail because i have no creativity when it comes to naming things like snails lol not a big deal to me i only like logical ( or what i see as logical ) routines . most routines are boring and pointless . if they aren't efficient , it will not work for me . hopefully you meet another enfp that changes your mind . the two in my life are great . i wish i knew more , to be honest . it's hard for me as well . i'm always thought of as stoic , serious , etc . i only express emotions through words . the words must be just right so there is no misinterpretation . the difficulty of this ... the arguments for and against ( x ) i prefer writing ( not creative ) to math . i scored 100 % ( 12 ) on the act writing section twice . in college , my lowest grade on a paper was an a - . i'll see what my grad school thinks about my writing ... what are your interests and hobbies ? philosophy , psychology , playing guitar , hockey , baseball , reading nonfiction , playing ps3 what kind of food do you eat ? i love steak and pasta . i ... i only know one and that's my best friend since preschool . none of our other friends or people in our lives are intj . i agree with the posts about people being typed as intj just because of ... yes , but i think it's only because we show interest in the people that end up trusting us . outsiders that think we are arrogant ( or any other stereotypical adjective we are described as ) would ... i would say i live in the moment when i'm with a girl ( and all that goes with that ) and when i don't have much to worry about . other than that , i'm living in the future if that makes sense ... i'd cover the $ 4 . opeth , agalloch , porcupine tree , between the buried and me , scale the summit , animals as leaders , enslaved , storm corrosion , rush , yes , and pretty much anything else that's progressive metal or rock . i've learned to approach these situations with no expectations . it's hard to do , but it saves you the disappointment of the situation not living up to your expectations . the idea of the soul doesn't make much sense to me . where is it ? ! lol djent time lol vildhjarta - shadow this yes it exists . some find it , others don't . also , the same neuroscience posts as the ones before . i wouldn't just use knowledge to get rich . i chose knowledge for the sake of knowing things . having knowledge can lead to getting rich , but it doesn't have to . the same applies to anything else . do ... sorry for double post knowledge . i can then get all of the others because i'll know how to . knowledge . i can then get all of the others because i'll know how to . easily one of the most talented bands out there . especially tosin , their guitarist . this song is pretty heavy . animals as leaders : wave of babies probably except for the enfps lol who cares ? my favorite sts song . alpenglow : i'm glad i could help ! sts is one of the most talented bands out there right now and definitely one of my favorites . i like posting opeth because they are my favorite lol . i'm a big fan of ... in mourning : the black lodge i just ended an engagement to an isfj a few months ago . the source of our issues was that we could't meet certain needs of the other . i couldn't meet her emotional needs and she couldn't tolerate my ... i'm 24 and i have an easier time getting along with a 30 year old than i do with people in their mid 20s . i know how you feel . we value things that others in our generation do not and most likely ...  what about when the vocals are removed ? is it still satan's music ? :p example : would you ever adopt a child ? no would you ever cheat on your partner ? no would you ever take a bullet for someone else ? only if it was my child or wife ( none of which i have at the moment , so ...  t-shirt or long sleeve t-shirt with jeans . nothing too complex . if what i wear has anything on it , it's usually blackhawks or darwin related . most of the time it's just plain black or black / gray , ... yeah we'll see what happens . i'm going to grad school next fall to earn a phd so i'll probably hold off on everything . it's weird , when i'm not looking for anything ( as far as girls go ) , something ... i think he respects you right now , which is huge . good job , seriously . you should initiate conversations more often and analyze his reaction . since it seems like you earned his respect , you guys will ... i try not to think about people in terms of being below me . it is hard to do if they are completely illogical or incompetent . if ignoring them / their ideas annoys them , then i guess i like to annoy ... i'm currently a computer tech but i plan on starting a phd program in industrial / organizational psych within a year . i throw temper tantrums . just kidding . i ask for their reasons for not wanting to do it , and then find a way to fix them all while changing nothing about what they don't want to do . well , what's the worst that could happen ? will the friendship be in jeopardy ? i highly doubt it will so acknowledge that its out of character just before giving it . i'd even laugh at myself a bit in ... i think the best way to handle it is to send the text , then put the phone down and walk into any other room . bring a book or something . then , before you go to bed , look at your phone . if you do not ... i have a small number of close friends , maybe 10 or so . my best friend is also an intj and we have been friends since preschool . i hate going out to bars , so as a 24 year old , it makes finding ... i'm an intj in a family with all esfjs and one enfp ( i get along with her the most ) . i'm also the only atheist and they give me a hard time by telling me that there is no point to getting me anything ... '