' virtue & moir perilously preciously , as might the skin of a retina be pressed with all the muscles of moths , your likeness glides , a perfect facsimile glissading my thinnest lens , blackening , ... delay my death or love , swear we're sweetly dreaming this . but if it so enamours you , to carry your dawns upright as you tuck them beyond the curtains , posture us into claustrophobic golds , ... aesop rock supposedly has the largest vocabulary in hip hop capricorn who speaks in equations is never wasted , time unfurls rarely through the aisles of hours which assemble everything junctures idle enough to abandon yourself of purpose . nativized in ... shout out to female rappers .  who built this cube ? why would there be flowers in a desert ? what are they cactus flowers ? well of course i'm not scared of the storm , it's just imaginary ! - me in my head , during ... you know elves are closely associated with faeries in european folklore ? some of us could be elves , or dryad , or sylphs instead . inelfps . ... never been called a fairy . but a girl once told me i was like a sunflower , because i'm tall and skinny and my smile makes the sun shine brighter . svengali when i think of the time you spent married to the knife , i laugh uncomfortably . when i re-watch the wedding day footage in my head i mourn the part where your husband divides you ... svengali when i think of the time you spent married to the knife , i laugh uncomfortably . when i re-watch the wedding day footage in my head i mourn the part where your husband divides you ... pffft . you are now ! this was fairly well written for a person claiming to be inexperienced . you should definitely write more if you ever feel the inspiration strike . infp . ted mosby ( how i met your mother ) , in a mostly negative sense . because i try too hard with relationships , and i seem way too obsessed with finding the one for a guy my age . jd ( scrubs ) , ... only person on the planet with my name ( yay ) , so googling me produces my full address , deviant art , facebook - and a twitter account i created in 2009 ( but have subsequently forgotten the password ... no eye sure . easy-e - 7/10 - i'm into hip-hop , flow is decent but don't relate much to lyrics , nor do i consider them all that introspective . dubstep windows - 4/10 - nyehhh , creative idea , but ... 8.5 / 10 for gates vs jobs erb . not my favourite ever that they've done , but top 5 for sure .  like eating a sandwich . please somebody get that reference . last night i had a dream where i got in trouble at work for spending too much time on perc and reddit . forgive the double post , but i recorded version two earlier this morning . criticism welcome . sorry for the double post , but i recorded version two this morning . criticism welcome . this was my first ever attempt at spoken word style of poetry . it's far from my usual writing pattern , but it was fun . i want to seriously edit this before i attempt to record it . critique would be ... this was my first ever attempt at spoken word style of poetry . it's far from my usual writing pattern , but it was fun . i want to seriously edit this before i attempt to record it . critique would be ... julien baker has recently shot straight into my top 5 artists of all time . the emotion in this girl's voice is really something special . darwin deez always comes up with the most imaginative videos .  ... you seem pretty big into dream pop . you'd probably love beach house . ( i'll also throw out youth lagoon , as a bonus suggestion . less convinced you will like them . ) ...  adding dr horrible's sing-along blog to the list . the whole thing is available on youtube . i can foresee this creating a bit of a harey situation . phenomenal writing . thank you for this . sad to think the woman who inspired this piece will probably never know it exists . i'll be keeping an eye out for more of your writing . + 1 fan base . in march of this year , i was diagnosed with a rare auto-immune disorder that is slowly killing me . it is an idiopathic disorder , to which no cure currently exists . i have roughly fifteen years left ... of the six things this person mentions , i have been three of them at one point or another in my life , and i'm only twenty three years old . i am not willing to specifically state which three . please ... so you're saying that beauty is subjective ? what a mind-blowing revelation . i think you might be the first person to ever notice this . it is interesting though the way you describe ... who would've thought a show about a dimension traveling scientist and his cowardly grandson could be so sad to watch . ...  infp here . i'll start with bronie culture . i watched my little pony in the height of it's popularity . was never obsessive , or fascinated with the show . i didn't go to any conventions , or collect ...  esfj / enfj if the words are personally insulting . isfp / infp if the words are directly contradictory to beliefs which they hold about themselves , even if not insulting . ( ignoring likelihood of ... for the clipping / busdriver fans out there .  father : istp mother : esfj elder sister : isfj younger brother : esfp me : infp ( father <-> everyone else ): gets along well , he does his best to show a genuine interest in the lives of everyone , ... first name : guardian . surname : servant of the farmer infp , 4w3 . ain't nobody stealin ' these cabbages ! also my middle names mean penis and beloved . so i'm guardian penis beloved ... '