' i strongly desire for my father to heal . he just went into remission for prostate cancer last year . unfortunately it had already spread . now he may have skin cancer and seems as if he doesn't have ... thank you very much . i used the work ambition mainly to show that it has been a dream of mine . i have wanted to do the military since i was 7 years old . and i have now come to the point that i am ... to everyone who has posted their feedback , i want to thank you . i've taken time to consider everything in my life and the reasons behind me joining the military . i have decided to hold off . i am ... i must answer by saying that the main place i wish to get support from would be my parents . they have never supported much and they cause doubts in my mind everytime they do not approve of what i do . to everyone who thinks that i do not know what i am getting myself into , i know exactly what i am doing . i know what the military has to offer and i also know what parts of the military i am not so ... i decided to do military service because it is something that i have dreamed of since i was a kid . i want to make my life into something great . i initially wanted to do the coast guard and was sure ... i am 19 years old . i've had a pretty tough life . i didn't grow up with much stability . between bouncing around relatives houses and eventually foster care , i did not get much stability and support ... i find it so very frustrating . i try so hard to let him go . it has been 4 months since we ended it . i'm not sure why i cannot stop missing him . he seems to have a hold on me that i just can't figure ... to be honest , i was looking at some posts on here by someone i personally know . we were together for a short period of time . can't even really say that we were together , it was more of a trial run as ... hey . i am somewhat new to this site . i have had this account since november of 2011 . i've been slightly confused with the whole mbti thing because i would take the test and get my results but when i ... i must say pancakes . mainly cuz they taste good and waffles make it nearly impossible to spread butter . not sure if this is the proper place to post this , but it is a very unpopular opinion in my circle of friends . i grew up in the church . baptist to be exact . despite that background i do not ... personally , i can't stand the movie . the twilight saga was an amazing book series . i believe the movies ruined the book . hmmm . christmas . the most wonderful time of year . for me it is the most interesting time of year . every year around christmas something interesting happens with either me or my family . this year , i ... i must say that it is not at all uncommon to get a result that you don't relate to . i personally took the mbti test twice . my first result was esfp . my second result was enfp . i believe that it ... i am talking about waiting . i posted in this forum mainly because he has told me that upon repeated attempts at the mbti test he has come up with istj or intj as a personality type . he personally ... i must say thank you . with the explanation you have given me , i am quite sure i am esfp . i am definitely more down to earth . i am quite excited to find out that i am esfp . i joined a group of enfp's ... i want to thank everybody for their kind advice . i've taken it all into consideration and things seem to be going smoothly . so , thank you everyone . yes , i turned enfp . i redid the mbti test . i happened to like my second result ( enfp ) better than my first result ( esfp ) . my reason for that being that enfp sounds more like me . esfp had some ... you are so weird you are so random what did you do this time ? calm down why are you always so annoying i must admit that it is true , esfp's tend to be quite outgoing . i myself enjoy my time away from the social world . i absolutely love to go for walks in the woods and just listen to nature and ... may i kindly repeat myself . he happens to live in another state . i am unable at this point to travel . but i do plan on getting to know him better and seeing what happens as a result . i must say that i am not all into boasting . i always try to only claim what i know i can be . i will never claim to be what i am not . i admit i am not perfect . i have made my fair share of mistakes . i ... he is 22 . he does not have a girlfriend . he happens to live in another state . but that is not an issue for me . considering at this point i am focused on getting to know him better than i do now . ok . so the istj that has struck my interest goes by the username of waiting . he is quite sweet . ok . so i have been talking to this amazing istj guy . i am unsure yet if i should ask him to meet . he seems really sweet . not to mention he looks great . i was wondering if i were to try to start ... i must say that i am no longer on medication , because the doctor has given up on finding a working med . i have been on pills since i was 6 . they have not found a medication that works without giving ... i will give you gryfindor so umm .. i used to take neurontin and i cut cuz i like the feeling of having control over something so , i am diagnosed with clinical depression and chronic bipolar . at random times suicidal thoughts will come into my mind . i don't know what to do . at this point in life i am very happy and content ... ok . just so everyone knows . atheism is the belief in absolutely nothing . they do not believe in any form of god and they don't believe in evolution . to them we are here today and that's it . it is ... ok . so i am now somewhat seeing one of my friends . he is a great person and we really seem to be doing well together . right now we are doing a trial run as he puts it . i am curious if anyone has ... hahaha . so pointless . '