' favorite topics : animals school others ' goals and aspirations and how they ended up where they are why people do the things they do psychology ethics / morals movies and tv shows ( usually ... sometimes when i've had an argument with someone or they've just hurt my feelings , i just want to be alone for a while to think about what happened and figure stuff out and get my thoughts sorted ... i wish you could open up to at least one of your brothers , especially if they care enough to approach you when you're crying and want to help you . i usually don't have this problem because i have ... i can cry with pretty much any intense emotions . if i feel overwhelmed or like i can't do anything right ( which happens more often than i'd like ); if i'm watching or listening to something that's ... i was looking for excited today and noticed there's only one e word . excited is pretty common , but that's how i'm feeling . i'm surprised it's not in there . the only spotlight i really like is when i'm acting . like performing the lead role in a play would be fun , or performing a rehearsed speech written by someone else . that i can handle , and i enjoy it ... i'm not like this either . i wear normal clothes , and i'm happy as long as they're comfortable . i don't want to wear something weird that makes me stand out ; i prefer to blend in . when i was a kid i ... haha , frodo ? ! don't you mean gordo ? : laughing : sad that i know this . : tongue : if i like a television show or a book , it's usually because i love most of the characters . the ones i can think of right now are : television : sawyer from lost rachel and finn from glee cappie ... i thought that was an isfj thing . : tongue : i don't really have trouble saying no , as long as i can come up with a good excuse . best : math and english worst : pe ? : tongue : as long as it's a safe part of town . : tongue : yeah , that's pretty much all you're going to get . enneagram type is supposed to be separate from myers-briggs type , as far as i know . i think it used to be 4 , 9 , and 6 on this forum but a lot of new members have joined since then . there are some not-so-reliable studies about the correlation between mbti and enneagram types ... some of my favorites were already mentioned : twix , reeses , m & ms , starburst . i also love : ... me too ! i turned 22 on the 22nd of march . :D especially in the clip you used , krillin kind of seems like an isfj to me . but goku is definitely an esfp , haha ! for me it's not that i want to change my personality , it's that i want to be comfortable enough to just be myself around more people . i like who i am when i'm not nervous ; when i'm around people i ... sanguine phlegmatic 43 sanguine , 14 melancholy , 7 choleric , 71 phlegmatic my best friend is either an esfj or an enfj . my favorite season will always be summer ! it's the time for goofing around with friends and going to the beach and the river . a lot of my friends who went away to college visit during the summer . i ... it lists a couple of people and then any additional people are listed as others , just like on facebook . i know you only have to click on it but it seems pointless . are the smilies for the moods ... i prefer thanks too . i liked how it listed everyone at the bottom . also , like reminds me of little kiddies on facebook . thanks just sounds more mature to me . like works for photos and statuses , ... are moods gone too ? to be honest the new layout is hurting my eyes . hopefully i will get used to it . oddly enough i have become attached to my pet , even though all i ever do is feed him bon bons . : unsure : i don't typically have this problem , but i do everything last minute and sometimes late . forgetfulness doesn't help either . i simply ignore them . i usually feel like i should give them food , but i never have anything with me to give them . i have heard that if you give them money , they'll probably just buy alcohol , so i ... i don't like games where you have to strategize , because i'm terrible at it . i don't mind using my brain , but i don't want to try to predict what's going to happen . when my family comes to visit , ... i relate to a little bit of each of the types , but not completely to any one of them . only possibly funny to you if you watch the show avatar : the last airbender : ... i'm not sure about the type of cotton , but there's a semi-synthetic material called rayon that i've noticed that's often in the clothes i pick . it's comfortable and soft , and doesn't seem to shrink ... taking inspiration from others ' ideas , i would say : lizzie - isfj , possibly esfj gordo - istj miranda - esfp matt - entp kate - estj ethan - estp lizzie's mom - esfj lizzie's dad - estp oh wait , what about gibby ? ! esfp ? carly - esfj or maybe isfj ? freddie - istj - i don't know , i can't think of anything that fits . sam - estp spencer - enfp i agree , alcohol is nasty stuff . i've never been to a club ; i don't think i'd like it . but i've been to dancing parties with my non-drinking friends ( where i knew almost everyone ) , and those ... yep , same here , especially about the weather . i love my 20 - mile drive home from work when it is sunny out ; the road i drive on is lined with redwood trees and it is just the most beautiful thing when ... 1 . right now i'm half-time at a community college and i work part time as a tutor at a high school and part time as a cashier at a small grocery store . 2 . both , actually . most of the time i like ... welcome ! i like animals . . . : tongue : yikes . guys like that literally make me sick to my stomach . it doesn't really sound like you're attracted to him at all . not a bad year , but not all that exciting either . finding out one of my cats has feline leukemia , taking multivariable calculus - - those were the only bad parts . i gave it a 3 though ; nothing ... i have similar problems . i think all you can do is keep trying , until you find someone who will eventually put as much effort into the friendship as you do . hello and welcome ! i saw some of your posts in the isfp forum and thought , wow she sounds a lot like me . i guess that's a given since we're both isfps . : tongue : hope you have fun here ! : happy : my mom , who is an isfj , likes making art . she's good at it , which is funny because i'm terrible . she's also more emotional and creative than i am , at least in my eyes . she's a fantastic writer , and ... my sj parents are like this . my dad's work is almost always outside of home so whenever i see him he's usually in play / relax mode . but when he has household business to attend to , he gets it done ... i'm actually the straight-a type , but i have been getting a little bit lazy lately . school is one of the few things i'm completely confident that i'm good at . i don't always relate to the sp ... a guy who's sweet , funny , and easy to talk to , and of course cute , is attractive . what disgusts me : bad hygiene , no respect , mean-spirited , etc . nothing out of the ordinary i guess . oh , i'm not ... yeah , can't really hide blushing very well either . i think that gives me away pretty often . well , that's a new one . 1 . i'm pretty self-conscious so sometimes i just try too hard to seem aloof , when i really want to interact and be friends with someone . kind of like what uncreative name described ; i assume the ... i relate to all of this ! and hooray for happy endings ! : laughing : '