' honestly ? i don't give a damn if you're impressed or not . they don't have to believe what i have to say . i'm going to tell everyone reading this right now that some of the things i will say will not ... we have the right to shitty speculation . though i am curious , what is shitty speculation ? the way i see it any speculation is good speculation . at least we're trying to put thoughts together . i was under the impression that this was a place to hash out ideas . you seem to be under the impression that it is a place to simply talk about the ideas of a dead psychologist . it would appear that ... we don't have to agree with jung in all things . it doesn't make sense that nurture has no say in a persons character . personality is decided by both . you know someones an infj when they manipulate small talk so that you're actually talking about feelings , theories , or morals without realizing it . so true . my best friend is an enfp and for the longest time i was convinced she was an s . made me feel kinda sheepish when i figured out she was an n . being an infj those times when i create arguments are usually because i was purposely pushing buttons . i'm almost positive it's because of my hidden emotions and other peoples lack of a response to ... i confess to not trying to make friends . at all . and when friendships somehow appear i act only slightly more than civil . i just don't care for people . when i took this test i scored a 97 % ... thank you for the offer empathy bear . i find i have nothing to complain of at this time and so i would like to offer you some empathetic infj . i promise to listen to your daily troubles , pat you ... i haven't asked a guy out before , though if i was comfortable enough with him i think i would . asking would make me ridiculously uncomfortable but i suppose a relationship is a give and take kinda ... uhm ... what about something that isn't a word ? how bout an action . i know i'm rather fond of when my significant other is not clingy , but just little touches . brushing arms or something . so far as ... it's interesting . i know four ( ? ) infj's and all of us , myself included , tend to act a bit narcissistic . when someone says i love you our response is not , aww , thanks . you're great too . or ... how highly do you think of yourself compared to those around you ? yes ? uh , huh ... you don't mind if i take notes , right ? good . now then . how narcissistic do you act around others ? very ... i confess that i tend to think of myself as a nobody . but i don't think people are better than me . without any understanding of your sister or her soon to be husband , going off a generalization of their personalties . i would suggest telling him not to be put out about any differences in opinion ... i imagine in the right circumstance the functions could also tell you the how . to a limited degree anyway . it's funny . i've always known that me and my mum are similar , we've just never been able to relate properly . my mum and my brother have always gotten along better than me with either of them . then i ... maybe just a week where we treat those around us to the nice things we notice . no mincing of the positive words or actions . it might be a little difficult to break down some of our own barriers but ... i'm an aries , my mum and an infj friend are both virgo's . i think that you have wonderful ideas . and so far as i understood you are right . the only problem i think i have with it , is how you assumed that everyone thinks their type is the best , far from it ... i am thought of more as distant and slightly dazed at first . as you get to know me better it usually goes to a little bit cold , and very t j , rather than f j . then finally you start to get to the f ... i can move all of my toe individually . i feel strange speaking for all infj's but for me and what i've noticed from others it's when you could speak for the person next to you because you know how they'll respond but you won't because you ... how do you start to introduce yourself to a group of people you know next to nothing about ? well , i suppose i just did . then again the next line isn't really coming to me . maybe i should tell you a ... '