' i deserve nothing , and ask for even less . now leave me the fuck alone . that happened when i joined the army and moved away . my mom would call me every day once i got my own room and a phone . i just never called her back . i just kept touch if i were to visit or holidays ... never , i am told to smile a lot though . i have , but i show the back of my hand and keep it by my chest . im typically just being playful when i do this . i also shorten later to late . not sure if this really fits . but i think the main response to emotion here is what makes it work . i dont even say anything to these people anymore . what i do is , figure out what's wrong . then i ask them questions about it that clearly leads them down the logical practical path that i picked ... i not so secretly want to be him . ' not me , im in my prime ' ' yeah , you look it , you're so drunk you're probably seeing double ' ' well , i've got two guns , one for the each of ya ' randomly , i ... i say , it's not in my nature to be mysterious , but i can't talk about it and i cant say why . it's from ocean's 11 . dude , i do that all the time ! hahahahahaha yes ! ! ! if i wanted you to know what i was thinking , i'd be talking to you - al bundy to peg . the same thing we do every weekend , pinky . plan to take over the world . - the brain to pinky . who am i ... yeah , i never thought of that . def love han solo . have you ever thought about doc holliday from tombstone ? one of my fav movies and characters too . i just re-watched it this weekend . he's totally ... here's a one liner i used this weekend . at an after party . i was saying how i stand behind a friend of ours , who was there , about something . my witty friend says , oh you stand behind paul . clearly ... hahaha , a friend and i have upgraded the that's what she said to that's what i said try it on , see how it feels . funny your grade school comment too , because just this weekend i left a ... exactly , go see a movie , talk about it for a minute afterwards . pretty much zero pressure in that . just as long as it's with one other couple or friend . frankly , we don't need approval points . don't care , doesn't matter , joke them if they can't take a fuck . what does getting to know mean ? im guessing that you've moved this relationship pretty ... there's no such thing as a stupid question , only stupid people . haha , that's exactly how i would respond . haha , i say shut your cock garage . if i dont care about something and im being harassed about it . i'll say look into my eye i'll then use my finger and pulled down the bottom of my eye to open ... yeah , i was wondering a few years ago if something was wrong with me , because seriously those are the main things that i care about in life , but then i thought it's just because im a man . haha i have zero desire to write anything . like in school , im not sure how i passed any english classes . i'll tell you anything about anything , but fuck 10 pages of fluff . i'll bullshit you in person , but ... same with me only it took a front brake job to get me to start doing them myself . i actually didnt pay the 220 they wanted . i talked to a few people and had a friend show me . been doing it ever ... gambling , driving fast , drinking , women , not necessarily in that order . welcome , same thing happened to me . yeah , sometimes i wonder about that . your last sentence . sometimes i feel like i should just go work the shittiest possible job . digging ditches , cleaning out port a johns . i dont know . i mean ... they lash out , get belligerent and aggressive , then 20 mins later are completely fine like nothing ever happened . i ignore the whole process and don't add fuel to the fire . exactly , i was reading this like , wtf are they talking about ? boring , predictable , same shit , didnt do a lot of things . and i mean a lot of things . two things and on a timer basically . yet would ... being paralyzed is def a fear too . good call . ive had ankle and knee surgery . the recovery was hell ! being laid up , not able to stand . total depression . so grateful and motivated to do the things ... play boxes with my neighbor . or leave . hahahaha sounds like a place i used to work ! can i add a story from what happened there that i couldn't believe and thought was completely asinine ? sure , thanks ! picture this . 5 highly intelligent ... tell me about it . i hate my job . the only enjoyment i get is when i get to design something or when something breaks or doesnt go as planned . i love chaos , there i said it , and i dont care who knows ! ... electricity is fun ! dont be scared . i'd rather get shocked then get someone's poop on me . i only say this because i was scared of electronics too . when i joined the army i picked my job solely on the ... i completely disagree with this . sounds like a pointless game and manipulation . something i wouldnt do . i would however ignore the partner , but there is no test involved . im just mentally done with ... i guess this was a waste of time ... * * edit : i just saw that i could still read what a type 5 was . i thought basically it was saying nothing . didnt know the scores links were to the types . haha * * ... this is what i got too . eh , im an open book . if you ask me something and you're a good friend of mine . ie . someone that i share common interests with . i'll tell you . i dont give a fuck . i live my life with no regrets . if ... afuckingmen ! ! ! ive had too many managers like that . i dont understand white lies . they piss me off that someone would even waste the energy to use one or hundreds of them . i had a shit bag ... messages like that make me laugh . if you don't think that she'll flip out and hunt you down i'd respond by laughing to her . i mean honest with myself . like knowing that i wont smile and that freaks people out . i fucking hate when someone is like smile ! ! it's usually people that don't know me . i'm like do something ... anyone that knows what they're doing . anyone that has struck out on their own away from the norm and is happy . stuff i can admire , you know ? it's really hard for me to take direction from an ... im blunt and honest enough to say , yeah , im not doing that . and wont show up . im like you , i want my car at all times . im a great friend , i hate how bad i am with family . i always feel like my family deserves more , but i give them less to nothing of me and my friends get everything . anyone else feel that way ? im kinda curious . what about same type dating ? haha . i mean , would that just suck ? i dont know anyone like me , so i dont think i know any istp girls . but i like me . would that work or is it a faux ... i took a job with a rather large defense contractor and they made me take the mbti test . i had never heard of it before that . i scored as an istp . the only one on the team . then they later fired me ... thanks ! it is very fitting for me , as probably you too ! hahaha , i had a girlfriend for about 5 months , we broke up . 5 months later we started talking again . i literally asked her why she likes to talk so much . she got offended at first . anyway . im here ... i built a poker table from scratch one day . just up and did it one day . well , maybe i'll remember to show you after i get to 10 posts thanks , i'll just put my feet up on the desk like i do at work then . :) i hate roadtrips ! i dont want to go there , i dont care . but if i have to then i might as well drive , because frankly , your driving sucks and i'd like to live . so what if im speeding . i know what im ... i feel the exact way ! my longest session straight was 22 hours . i can beat that easily if i tried . i'm hyper competitive . ive always loved chess and spades , hearts . basically if there is something ... hey there everyone ! so i just found this forum a few days ago . ive enjoyed it so much that i finally decided to register . ive been doing research into my personality type , mainly because i want to ... '