' i've had problems in the past with binge eating and compulsive eating ( surprisingly , i'm not fat ) . it seems that the only way to keep this under control is to strictly schedule my meals and never ... i do not usually eat meat , but i'm not a strict vegetarian . i don't see anything wrong with eating meat as long as the animal that it is from was kept in good conditions . since that's usually not ... intp and rcuei with the primary type being inquisitive . but this is the first time of taken this so it could be wrong .. all of my stuffed animals had feelings in my mind and i remember getting so upset when they wouldn't all fit on the bed because i didn't want any of them to feel left out . and i didn't have ... it depends on whether i new the person's name or their face first . but usually faces . i've never been diagnosed with anything but i've been depressed on and off since i was in elementary school . last winter was the worst though because there was actually a person attached to it and ... i guess i have a few friends . i have one permanent friend who i don't think likes me that much anymore . i have a lot of friendly acquaintances at school but as far as people who i actually hang out ... i think there's a good chance it's type related . i feel awkward talking about myself because i feel like i'm naturally programmed to take in information during conversations rather than put out and ... does it count if i move my mouth but don't make actual sounds ? ( sometimes i end up talking quietly under my breath but usually it's silent talking ) . i think in speech patterns most of the time . ... once i'm very interested in someone it seems like i can't stop endless romantic senarios from rushing through my head . they aren't really the fateful encounter type fantasies but i would lump them ... sometimes i can't sleep all night because i'm talking to myself quickly under my breath about my ideas and theories . i also have a tendency to think to far into things and analyze every detail in ... i had this dilemma a while ago and it has led to my being nocturnal for the past 5 nights , sleeping from around mid morning to mid or late afternoon each day . i'm trying to decide whether i should ... all as and 1 b feels like the same thing as all cs to me . i want to do something perfectly or not do it at all . when you sit up all night mumbling about your abstract theories and are surprised when it starts to get light out . the boundaries between what is real an what is not are kind of hazy to me , stuff just happens and maybe it all in my head . but then again , maybe i don't even have a head . and know , i am not on ... fairly short and getting kind of shaggy and in need of a trim . but i like the disheveled look . i would classify myself as an infpish intp when i'm alone , an i / entpish intp when interacting with people normally , but an entjish intp when in a position of leadership , which i seem to fall into a ... well i know i am . sometimes i slave over essays but i just can't bring myself to compose that last paragraph . and whenever that happens , i'm always hoping that my teacher won't allow me to turn it in late so that ... i was diagnosed with depression that's cool . what do say to something like that anyway ? ? ? in that case , i would think that being aware that my actions were wrong would be worse . i don't exactly know the percentages but i'm french , german , swedish , irish , scottish , and english as far as i know . in short , a western european mutt maybe that's my problem . i'll try it tonight . :D furniture porn : enter ... it's all there . ( and no this is not an actual porn site . ) ( unless you get off on pieces of furniture humping one another ) you're right , it does depend on how you look at the situation . from the social viewpoint , i don't think it matters if i am a psychopath or not . it would be more what my actions actually are than ... my thinking was that since i knew what i was doing was wrong and hurtful it was worse than if i was a psychopath and couldn't fully understand the negative impact . hmm i'll definitely have to look into this .. thank you .. i was wondering if there is any link between insomnia and type . what's your type and have you had any sleeping problems ? if so describe them . i'm intp and i've struggled with not being able ... i identify much better with my enneagram . i fall somewhere in the 5 4 spectrum . probably 5w4 . i don't fit a lot of intp stereotypes so it's harder to identify with my mbt . welcome , from another intp that isn't into math and science ( excluding psychology ) . i think it may be a 5w4 5w6 thing . even though not all intps are 5s ... i'm not even good with computers . the sad thing is that i didn't have to call her . she was in the car with me . i like to be the center of attention , i just don't always feel like doing whatever it takes to get all of the ... figuring out that i was 5w4 ( possibly 4w5 ) helped a lot because it's a common type among intps and i haven't heard of any 5w4 entps , though i'm sure they must exist . also , a few days ago it took ... when people ask me what's wrong or if i'm okay because i'm quiet . or feel bad for me when i'm sitting alone . if i wanted to socialize , i could and would . oh and when people go beyond saying ... thank you :) i am so far . this is a tough one . better be ... hufflepuff . are you satisfied ? - marina and the diamonds i've been a member since march and a lurker since i discovered the sight . now that i am at a family gathering of people who don't appreciate my philosophical musings , i am hiding in the corner on ... well , i don't have bad posture . my grandmother's a hunchback and i'm scared of looking like her , so i make sure to sit up straight . as far as i know , my neck is pretty normal . i do have ... the narcissism can be amusing at first , but at times it really gets to me . i really need to hurry and finish the first book . i'll probably be good for a few more episodes . i thought they did a good job of sticking to the plot and making bran look adorable . last summer an infp ( i think ) confessed that he had liked me for the past 2 years . at first i liked him back , but grew tired of him after a while . i knew he was obsessed with me so i kept messing ... i'm not sure that i exist , but if i do i'm female . physically , at least . i don't enjoy small talk at all ( not surprising ) . i like to jump right in to some kind of philosophical discussion . conversation between me and small-talkers usually go something like this : ... i try to ignore gender in relation to how i act and how i dress altogether . i have short hair , but i style it . i like dressing up , mainly because i like aesthetic ( might have to do with me being ... change plans at the last minute . don't text them back when they ask an urgent question . same here . my best ideas for essays and projects come at the last minute so it works out for the best . also , if i had started earlier it probably would have taken me twice as long because i wouldn't ... due date . i'm not sure , but i think rdj is my soulmate . i usually only shake hands when meeting someone new . for some reason i always feel a twinge of anxiety when i know the handshake is about to come . but i do my best to shake firmly , and look the ... i've been told i look like amanda bynes . i don't see much of a resemblance . ... my mom is an istj and my dad is an istp . i get along a little bit better with my dad , but i'm not very close to either of my parents . it's interesting that we're all introverts and thinkers . ... '