' for ... for some reason , i can't take this scene seriously ... xd that plastic bag rolling around on the wind outside .. i wonder who it belongs to ? how far has that plastic bag traveled , i wonder , from the last person who has held it ? further , what kind of life was ... hello ! let me thank you in advance for reading ^ ^ my room is quiet right now , and i feel quite lonely . put these things together , and it's a disaster for an infp @_ @ so many worries flooding to ... i love to sing ! not good at it though x_x 37534i don't know if any of you would know her , but this is pyrrha from a game called soul calibur 5 . she's definitely an infp ^ ^ here's a description from the scv wiki : pyrrha seems weak ... agreed , when i read their post . i would hate to have immortality . what would i do with all that time , while i watch my friends waste away ? sounds awful , to be honest .. for me , my top choices ... i read in some article ( can't seem to find it ) that infps have a vivid memory of the worst things that happen to them and can remember and relive the pain of the situation even if it was a day , week , ... i dunno . do folks consider my avatar to be infp-ish ? D8 never thought about it ... i picked this one because it's what i do when i'm at home alone . and sometimes when i'm not alone . but then i ... how do you respond to authority figures in your life ? do you generally question authority or are you pretty submissive ? if it's not my momma ' , then i generally am submissive . i really , really do not ... 2 silly questions and a somewhat legit question : # 1 ) how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ? # 2 ) how do you feel about disney songs ? a whole new ... memes are dangerous to my add-like personality . i should probably get off memebase and do my homework ... after the next ten pages . three more weeks until school is over and i can finally unleash waterfalls of art ! yaaay ! also , new mmo to play in a couple of days ! yayyy ! i overcame an artblock and drew ... oreo blizzards , get your free oreo blizzard hereee :D dd * handing out free oreo blizzards to newbies and veterans alike * omg omg omg this is why i love perc . yesss i feel like this all the time . i've always been aware that i am childish , but it really hit me when i came to business school and found that it's so hard ... ahhh , i'm the master at blaming myself for everything . it's going to be really hard to get out of that mindset , but op , i think you gave us some really great advice and an inspiring ( and somewhat ... if you liked higurashi , i think you're gonna really enjoy deadman wonderland and mirai nikki.they ' re both oh my god blow my mind why don't you animes xd and just in general , i really loved ... around 5 minutes before closing time in any store , i would start to cry if we weren't headed out the door . thought the store would close the doors on us and that we only had 5 minutes to get out ... only watched like 10 eps so i cant say much x_x but i do know that amv and i sooo love it . that and w . u . n are my favorite soul eater amvs . hackm if i could press the thank button a million times , i would . you really opened my eyes . i honestly don't know what to say to all this , i'm starting to cry ! ; n ; i really don't know what to ... welcome ! to ! the ~ forums ! ! ! * strikes awkward poses , throws confetti at you and hands you an oreo blizzard * very nice to meet you , prometheus 92 ! boy , am i targeting all the hello i'm an intp ... quaggy is an awesome person for being interested in mythology ! ! a lot of people i know say it's boring . i don't comprende them . mythologyyy ! taking a roman / greek mythology class right now , so ... also noticed that your name is lucky acidstar ... might that be a play on lucky star ? ! love that anime too . welcome to the - ohmygod soul eater ! i still need to finish that anime ! ! ! huh ? wat . oh ! right . welcome to the forums ! ! ! c : * throws confetti at you and hands you an oreo blizzard * my boyfriend ... welcome to the forums ! ! ! * throws confetti and hands you an oreo blizzard * welcome to the forums ! c : * throws confetti at you and gives you an oreo blizzard * an infj ... interesting ! i don't know any infjs personally . best friend is an enfj though . :) thanks so much for taking the time to reply to my thread , perpetual daydreamer c : slow and easy as possible ... i really really really want to do that . > _ < the problem is , this school has some ... thank you for replying ^ ^ yeah i'm really exhausted ... the business school im in is demanding , and taking a week off would be suicide :/ i'm just trying to hang in there til summer break but i'm so ... sorry for the late reply ! you are absolutely right :) that's a very important piece of advice . you shouldn't always assume that people don't want to be friends with you from the get-go , and hey , even ... i ... 1 ) ... never take anyone for granted . they are very important to me and i make sure i let them know that :) 2 ) ... am a great listener and really care about how other people are doing ( bad ... i love love love love math - - i'm great at geometry and pretty decent in algebra , took business calculus and that was fun . i would think the infp wouldn't be so good at things like algebra and ... hello everyone , semi-new here ! i posted a lot on the infp forum , but this subject in particular is one i wasn't sure where to post about . but .. i definitely need advice , so here i am . : crying : in ... i talk to myself so much that i worry i'll do it in public and people will think i'm nutty ; n ; sometimes i talk to friends when they are actually not there . xd brent bennett ohhh , rap . why did i think elvis rock and roll ? my mind is so silly . xd rap ! that's really really cool , man . :) props to you ! ! ! sorry to hear about the in-laws though . racism and ... brent bennett ohhh , don't make such a decision on my account ! maybe you'll excel in it , who knows ... but you're right , many sources say we're not fit for that kind of field , and it certainly seems ... i really wanna watch disney moves . :| best songs / humor ever . hakuna matata . gospel truth . circle of life . a whole new world . disney is a great company imo :) and disney / pixar , the greatest combo ... i hate leading . i'm not a good leader at all ... but i do have high expectations and ideas of my own , i just never voice them because i hate looking stupid . : i guess it depends on when , as well ... i second this : though for myself i'm not sure about making friends ... i just want to be able to get through the day without upsetting people or making myself look stupid . but sometimes i get ... please help me ; ___ ; i am a very negative person . i am anxious , always worrying about something - school , life , my family , my friends , the fate of humanity , you name it . i don't like myself - - i feel that i am very ... singing my heart out when no one is home ;) drawing , watching tv , videogames , reading short stories , laying in bed and daydreaming ... i really connected to your advice :) i am refreshing .. i know what i want .. degrees are overrated ... it feels so good to hear these things . at the same time , i wonder if they are really true . i want ... ahhh man . totally my thread . see , i watch a lot of anime and play a lot of video games , so in my daydream i am actually a cartoon-animated person , if you get what i mean . and then i imagine myself ... thank you for all the responses - glad to know i'm not the only one ! i'll start keeping pen and paper around and like chris 6224 said , i will try connecting new faces to things i know . i have selective ... princess mononoke ! secret world of arrietty was great too . howl's moving castle , spirited away ... man . amazing movies hello all ! so , i had posted in another thread called you know you're an infp when ... and 2 parts of my post centered around forgetfulness . but then i started to wonder , is it just me ? or do other ... i really love rpgs / jrpgs , mmos , fighters , and puzzle / strategy games . i'm currently playing dark souls , gears of war 3 and soul calibur 5 c : my favorite games are professor layton , all the games ... * hands you like 5 oreo blizzards * your message really inspired me ( and also made me cry on the train ! ) . i really hope i can be that amazing person . no - - i will be that amazing person ! oh pff . how could i forget . skyrim and fallout 3 /: new vegas . amazing story line on both , i love these open worlds what a game indeed . red dead redemption was super amazing for all the reasons you gave ... and hilariously fun multi , too . zombies . in the west . and mythical horses . best dlc ever xd i love ... '