' where does your wisdom come from ? specifically , i liked the part about optimists avoiding the bad . avoidance is usually seen as a negative coping mechanism , but here it sounds positive . commerce is too business-extroverted-people related for me . i'm planning on clinical psychology , but i don't know where to go from there . please tell me which type you think i am ! ( don't say a just because i'm curious about how i come across to others . the curiosity is personal , but we all have personal inquiries now and then ) . i've wondered why we intjs care so much about proper grammar . it seems more like a sensing issue than an intuitive one . even though it bugs me when there are errors in books ( hello editor - ... nope , pa not fl . where did the whole nate the great thing come from anyway ? i've always preferred the temperaments , too . the cognitive functions theory has a lot of correct points , but i don't think everything it contains is accurate . so far , though , i haven't found any ... more female friends most definately . or if not , then something related to it . what label has been applied i can't exactly say as no one's ever said it to my face . i just get the looks , you know ? at least i think ... caffeine - no . it physically hurts me ( which actually can be the effect for some introverts ) . soda - no . sometimes when it's diet and caffeine free , but at that point i think , why not just have ... i sit right up front . that way , i don't have to see all the uninterested faces and make class more miserable for myself than it has to be . ha ha . i usually find something at least somewhat - ... i eat to live . this doesn't mean i don't enjoy food . i do . i like either doing things in abundance or doing them at a high intensity , though . since eating intensely ( swallowing w / o chewing much i ... why do you think you're weird ? i don't drink or do drugs . i like having control of my mind . any alteration - even if it's positive - is unnatural . i really dislike making the unnatural a part of me . tv and all that is ... introverts have been proven to be use more acetylcholine ; extraverts use more dopamine . natethegreat someone had that nickname at the hs i went to . i don't think my hs was thug infested , but then again i wasn't really part of my hs . i did my work and that's about it . do i know you ? rainethewolf , that was how i felt when i took my composition 2 class ! it involved critical thinking so i thought i'd be excellent at it , but it turns out my professor was a strong s , and she ... how could you not think about this ? though it's true as an introvert that i would prefer a small group of friends or sometimes even no one around at all , the fact that i feel that way just seems so ... i guess the glasses aren't pointless then ( they are increasing my gpa ) . they're just boring in the highest ! what about the fact that i must take these boring classes ? are you suggesting i try to ... i usually withdraw from the world with utmost gladness . it's only when i'm talking about something that interests me ( psychology or philosophy primarily ) that i become a confident presenter . well ... ok cool . this fits . i'm 5w4 . i'll be a sophomore in college this fall , and i go to a liberal arts school . i can't stand the way we're required to take general education classes in order to expose us to variety or something ... i'd prefer words to images . ( not that i wasn't confusing readers enough already with my post . ) it's just that most intjs i know are terrified of public speaking . hard scienceu 2002 x96noun any of the natural or physical sciences , as chemistry , biology , physics , or astronomy , in which aspects of the universe are investigated by means of hypotheses and ... i'm 5 w 4 for what it's worth . the hard sciences bore me to tears . the soft are fun though as long as i don't have to get emotionally involved - contradiction much ? i know . absolutely . i wonder if it's any coincidence that i always feel cold ( temperature wise ) ? michael i love love love your post ! that was so beautiful it hurts so much ! ! ! you have got it ! don't feel bad about going on and on because i got upset when i had to stop reading because i ... i highly agree with intjs as being scientists . however , i absolutely hate the fields of physics and chemistry . i like doing experients , but not with potions and such . i like doing life ... come on now . who else out there uses isolation and withdrawing as almost a life rule ? people suck and i don't give a f * * * a great proportion of the time . why do you put up with nonsense ? love ? i've done my research and i'm definitely intj . i can be highly outgoing though and have no fear of public speaking . somewhere along the line i heard about these special type introverts and i was ... i was wondering when someone else was going to show his or her true introvert self ! i had acquaintances in hs , not really friends . people i spoke to about schoolwork if i could . i second this completely ! i've been diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder ( gad ) , yet i'm nt and calm as well ? it doesn't add up . even if kiersey was looking for the overall pattern , i have a ... i listen to mostly pop music - i'm 19 i guess . i listen to the lyrics , but i imagine how they could apply to my life . if the song's about a relationship , since i'm not all that experienced , i might ... maybe it's set to the n's ? ^ ^ you're on to something ( about me that i thank you for because i haven't figured it out myself yet ) . can you go into selfish productivity more ? that feels like what i mean . having the ... the concept is rather obvious , but i think hanniballecter brought it up because he was feeling a strong agreement with the statement at the time of his post . i also love if people correct me on something i wasn't aware of . if i've done my research , i'll be pissed at people for correcting me ( then feel grateful later if i realize they really did point out ... i thought you were putting the last two quotes together ! i guess i should explain further ( to myself and you all ) . i don't just want productivity ; it's very true that even doing something like watching tv is accomplishing a task . i want admirable ... i like this - i like all the replies , but this whole short vs . long term concept never so simply occured to me . i'm definitely a long-term productivity seeker . i maybe get distracted by the ... tine and i started to get this thought in her feelings thread , but i decided to open it up specifically here . who out there is also a highly sensitive person ( hsp ) ? we sense ( through our five ... it's so cool that i found another hsp buddy ! you prove my theory wrong that we're all intjs too . don't worry , i like being proved wrong ( or right ) cuz that means i can move on , searching for more ... my dad keeps presenting this idea to me , and i typed him as enfp ... i wonder ? i'm a highly sensitive person . this results in my feelings being so powerful they can shock my body so much so that i ... this coloring the font red / blue is a technique i use when i'm doing my own fun research . must be an nt thing :) insightful observations : empecinado mentioned that the plot is already known . as t's , analyzation is a joy inexplainable . i believe n relates to the joy in finding more ( new - not ever ... jhbowden , opinion may not have been the best word . viewpoint / perspective may have been better . i just was curious to how other nt's thought about this topic . kiwigrl , of course you're always ... i do it more to myself . choosing to listen to others and let their ideas bother me is my decision after all . some parts of that were so dead on i literally felt pain ( it hurts me to be understand i suppose because it's uncomfortable to me . it's uncomfy because i'm so unused to it ) . the interest part ... peter : ( i keep addressing you this way - by name - because quoting your entire passage would waste space , and i have a serious aversion to waste - i think an i pattern ) . i have always pondered ... '