' oh , one other thing to mention . don't feel bad for being an intp and just know you'll be more appreciated on the outside . we're something of an acquired taste and most people don't develop palettes ... as somebody who regrets not enjoying high school like i could've the best piece of advice i can give you is none of it matters . like , it does , but once you graduate you realise how insignificant a ... you decide to sign up for a forum only to be told that the email address is already in use and you've posted on it years ago ... as an intp , i feel very accutely the disconnect between reality and reality . i believe one definition of insanity would lie somewhere within the realms of reality in the sense that it exists , and ... i've said this to my infj friend on occassion and also told him he wasn't special . i stuggle to see the issue in saying those things , i suppose , but , within the context of the conversations / arguments ... nah , you don't have to take it quite that far . find ways to circumnavigate the system and if you can then help others . i work at quite a loathsome department store who treats it's employees like ... enfps , in my experience , are fun and entertaining and can follow us intellectually to an extent but it all breaks down when it comes to emotions . if you can meet at a certain point , and compromise on ... i think the major detrimental hindrance to an intp and writing is in the smaller detail . we're so focused with an idea that it's sometimes hard to built the little networks outside of our head to get ... i wasn't bullied , as such , but was never made to feel like i was a part of things . i wouldn't consider any of it a negative experience , looking back on it , because most of it was so silly . it's one ... it's only good if the people listen and don't think i'm utterly retarded . any shred of the contrary , and i'll fall to little pieces :D i am viewed as somewhat of a troublemaker at my workplace for questioning or asking things . it's ridiculous . i'm not a machine where input a = output b but i'm expected to be so . as someone said ... been clubbing . was talked into grinding and whatnot haha . it's pretty fun as an experiment of sorts but once the experimental phase wears off it really does depend on who you go with and what ... swearing is good fun to be perfectly honest . i'd rather not use those words but they do have a certain ring to them that others appreciate . like the others have said , everybody seems taken aback ... wow ... it's a simple question really and instead of acting as if i'm a moron for not following you and your grandiosity maybe you could think about it a bit . why did you ask the question ? are you honestly stupid ? clearly , given the content of my post , and the fact i clearly say it , you didn't tell anybody why you're asking a question like that nor what you were going to do with ... aren't all intps naturally skeptical of more or less everything ? : tongue : but yes , i would describe myself as a skeptic . it's clearly not such a bad thing to be though because it helps us process ... saber from fate / extra is adorable as shit yo ~ she is a very cool character though , the artwork is really nice and it wasn't long ago that i completed the game so it saved me having to think about ... as a male it's obviously socially unacceptable for me to carry a hangbag so i wouldn't do it . but by god do they look handy ! : laughing : i do have a single-strap , over-the-shoulder black leather bag ... i got told by my housemate the other day that i was wearing a happy shirt for a change and that this changed my appearance dramatically . apparently i looked like i was a happy guy and ... when you're enfp friend is presenting what he has defined as an intellectual and logical argument and all you do is get annoyed because it's entirely emotional wrapped in the thinnest of logical ... i'm currently sitting here at 2.30 am and , as always , find that i come up with some awesome ideas and thoughts when i'm in this sleepy haze haha . unfortunately , while i can't sleep ( hence why i'm up ... what the hell kind of thread is this ? and secondly , what the hell kind of thread is the one we're talking about ? who goes and creates a topic asking a group of people if they think they're good in ... i have an irrational fear of cockroaches to the point where i feel ' safer ' having bug spray next to my bed in case i need to use it . i always buy the quick kill stuff too . : blushed : i believe my ... okay , this point has me confused . when i've taken drugs it's altered the way that i feel and think as well as the way i perceive things . these things are tangible because it's not as if you forget ... a job where i don't have to do any work but still get paid . certainly a dream for all of us though ! : laughing : so all of my introspection and constant thinking is actually leading me to becoming a happier and better person because i'm applying my ideas and theories for a change . it's just nice to feel good ... i love to watch football , rugby and cricket ( typical aussie : laughing :) . i also watch the f1 if that counts ? i think sports is an awesome thing haha . i particularly like football because of all the ... my previous manager - an istj : tongue : - actually pulled me aside at work one day and told me that i do everything too slow and that i needed to increase my pace . i believe the verbage was that i ... awww damn that would suck ! : sad : for me , it's all in the approach . if i'm relatively confident , it's fine , but even the slightest hesitation or nervousness and i say something stupid or do ... having been an avid gamer my whole life i find that i don't exactly have the time or motivation to play games as much as i used to . it's kinda annoying because i do enjoy them when i can get into ... i get along with esfps i meet and tend to adore them because they're so fun and lovely and such haha . : blushed : i haven't really encountered a great deal of estps with whom i've conversed with to the ... so , yeah , i smoke weed . i don't care if anyone does or doesn't though . up to them . i do however find the stigma surrounding weed to be entirely hyperbolic . so long as you don't go stupid - and it's ... i started to learn guitar so i could jam with my infj housemate but haven't really practiced much since the initial phase because after learning the basics of how to play the guitar i never really ... i'm a bit terrible at flirting really . i usually just tell girls they look nice or that i think they're cool . the response is usually one of awkwardness or they haven't even realised that i was ... i often put so much into parentheses that i find that it tends to compromise the rest of the sentence . or paragraph . it's just so hard not to do that sometimes ! ! : laughing : edit : ... better than not having them know at all . : tongue : okay , so i did stuff with my hair so now have a more recent photo haha . 75666 i have an infj best friend and it's a pretty awesome relationship . we have so many similar interests and it's nice to have somebody who enjoys your company . as close as we are there is still a slight ... i attempt to predict the questions i may get and run through some responses . however , the easiest method is to just be as friendly as possible and try to crack a few jokes if you can . i found that if ... from my experience it entirely depends on their upbringing and school life and so on just like the rest of us . from the ones i know , they're rather outgoing because of more socialising . it's quite ... i find that i can often empathise with others but it's significantly harder to respond to that - either because i don't see a need , am unsure of what to do or just genuinely couldn't be bothered ... only if it's particularly good otherwise i probably won't go back to it . when you spend so much time wondering whether or not to say ' hi ' to somebody that they've more or less walked past by the time you make a decision . if at all haha . usually try and take inspiration from other sources and squish and play with it all until it's fundamentally an idea i've created that is only tangentially based on the initial inspiration . i often ... oh , a proper eating and sleeping routine is so hard to maintain ! i often forget to eat or forget what i've eaten but sleep is where the main issue lies . even if i'm deadly tired i try to stay up ... this seems to be a question that most of us grapple with at some stage ( or stages ) of our life and the only answer i can provide is : don't be a dick . be your normal self but also make sure you're not ... depends on how i'm feeling or the weather or any other number of other reasons as to whether or not i'll listen to those little suggestions . most of the time , i don't , but sometimes i do and get a ... creativity and a sense of wonder and fun . it's kinda the reason i adore esfp girls . it's less of a turn on though and more of a general attraction to those characteristics i suppose , heh . as for ... i like people in general and find them rather fascinating . i enjoy the company of close friends and do like to jump into social situations from time to time . however , these points are only relevant ... i do talk quite a bit sometimes but that's only ever if i'm around people i can be comfortable with , somebody whom i wish to interact with or if i have something to say on the subject ( and how much ... '