' i mostly played around with characters in worlds . there was no connection to myself , just connections between the imaginary characters . always , i wanna be with you , and make believe in you , and live in harmony harmony always . haven't smoked , don't intend to try . i've given the finger to teachers , tossed school furniture around , randomly screamed at the top of my lungs ( loud enough to alert two four storey buildings worth of classes ) , and behaved downright ... sounds like what i've been through with an infp , minus the actually having a relationship for a week part . i do a lot of quiet , reserved characters or hotblooded and crazy ones . i only stick to my character closet though . most of them have tragic backstories . most . for me , i always wanted to lock myself up in my room all day , but my parents wouldn't let me , so i would settle with closed doors . : < my family isn't turbulent at all , considering the shit you ... when people see me , i'm not thinking , therefore i never get called out on this . @_ @ is this normal ? use explosion . : o by overloading your brain with adrenaline , you start becoming more active , and you will become excitable and run around and do random stuff . when you calm down , you will be in a ... i don't do time travel , but i put one of my characters through parallel universe travel and postulate how she would affect that parallel universe given that each one is unique . for example , she ... i usually speak like i'm typing ( i mentally image the words that i am about to say as they would appear on my screen ) so i have success on this front . which also means i always go orly and ... my level of vocabulary fluctuates with the people i'm with . against less english-inclined people , i throw more slang . if not i stick to standard . i don't really use complicated words unless i feel ... 1 . mentally gather a short list of things to do . 2 . choose the easiest option . 3 . execute it . 4 . repeat . 5 . ? ? ? 6 . profit i'm a type 5 but i don't know how to get my wing . type 1 perfectionism 22 % type 2helpfulness 30 % type 3image focus | | 54 % type 4hypersensitivity 22 % type ... it just happens , then i need to manual whatever it is . no correlation with anything , but usually happens when i'm thinking . i manual everything when i'm in tense situations anyhow . i'd flick away the spider while screaming , then spend the next ten minutes trying to coax it onto some tissue paper , then i roll up the paper and toss it out of the window - - good riddance ! i used ... i like my music loud enough that it doesn't destroy my hearing . my friends have complained they can hear my music while walking beside me sometimes , which is not very good i suppose . i used to ... if i had to kill animals to get my meat , i'd avoid it , then one day , when the urge to eat meat is irresistable , i swiftly off the animal , cook it and consume it before reverting to not eating mat ... what if being on this forums makes the idea in the first place ? you never know . :D ooh , i just remembered that one time where i wore a shirt inside out and went out . i only realised it was inside out when i took it off . however , no one else noticed at all . the shirt is just that ... only in soviet russia . i suppose they made it because they didn't have anything to distract them . even then , multitasking is cool . i don't have super logic . :( ti level 40/100 fe level 30/100 help please ? i capture them all using my pokeballs , then release them because i don't want a spider in my party . same goes for them bugs . i leave lizards alone though , they're too fast . i've only ever ... i want a hug from a certain friend ! > w < if anyone's watching , buy me a fucking console with some fucking games kthx i'm still stuck on that big grey box they call a playstation but then again ... excusemewtfrudoing wait i noe wrong ur doin it my mind may not be in my body , but my auto-pilot is running impeccably . i'm not very sensitive . i don't mind touching , i don't mind noise ( i create the noise myself ) . i do do well in low-light conditions however . maybe my training as a kid to feel comfortable in all ... stop it with the emoticons you're pissing me off on another note , if people get in the way of me wanting to go somewhere / do something , my rage meter automatically rises . i would do it , then not finish it . gais i gotta real prob how do i shot web i said the words i have no life during an actual interview with an employment agency . does that count ? maybe i'm so socially awkward it is my normal behaviour . hoe noez i drive other intps into doors for massive gatecrashing action . but after a certain level of energy the mask evolves into the batshit crazy mask . uh-oh . in other news , my infp female friend complains i am far too hardheaded . the leader of the intp world is the leader of the intp world . i only put aside the sociable mask . i left the psychopathic mask on . my country cracks down really hard on drugs . even then , i drastically increase my adrenaline level and i'm on drugs . in neutral territory peeing . waitwat i feel kinda bad now , because when euphy died i was like lawl she dies lelouch is gonna get pwned so hard ! ! 111 and when shirley dies i was like holy shit rolo is totally gay for lelouch but ... because of activities back in secondary school where i was forced to sit for hours in lectures with both feet touching the floor one way or another , i do that a lot , alternating between that and ... if i throw away my sociable extrovert mask and set my engine output to anything but sleepy , i automatically creep people out within a radius proportional to the level of my engine output . i max out ... all the world's a stage and all the men and women merely players , he said . i swapped roles from a heavily ocd-infested introvert to an angry whiny emo kid to my current status which i have no ... on the internet i'll jump in and get blown full of holes so i can get filled in on the situation . if not , i stay out of it , because when you die out of the internet , you get killed off for real hazarding a guess , the intj would do it to correct or create a construct that adheres to their worldview , and the intp would be doing it for the lulz / fulfillment . it honestly depends for me . sometimes i move fast and sometimes i move slow . : o steal someone else's knife , don some gloves , wipe my prints off the knife , coat the knife with some solution that stuns or knocks out the guy so he doesn't yell when he gets stabbed , and knife the ... eh , i have a fairly well-developed fe from the looks of it . i don't feel much , but when i feel something i tend to run with it . i haven't had to comfort anyone yet , so meh . primary aim : provide ... i just channel my mental energy into roleplaying people who fall asleep . it works , somehow . but i fall asleep fairly easily if i've been awake for at least 8 hours . well , at least you can be independent secretly , so people feel like taking care of you , but if no one cares at least you can get by . i swear quite a bit , but i try to cut it down when i'm talking to people . then again i don't do the talking to inanimate objects thing , so idunnolol '