' hey , feel my sweater . you know what it's made of ? boyfriend material . you must go to confession a lot because it's a sin to look as good as you do . the best thing is having someone who cares about you and checks on you . you've got that down . other than that , good humor , good food , good stories . if he's in the hospital for a few days , have a ... do you happen to have a band-aid ? i scraped my knee falling for you . good thing i brought my library card , cause i am checking you out ! baby , if you were words on a page , you'd be what i call fine print . i wish i were a tangent so i could lie next to your curves ... i wanna live in your socks so i can be with you every step of the way . are you tired ? because you've been running through my mind all day . ( i know tons of these but will try to stop with this one . ) do you have a map ? because i just got lost in your eyes . niss , it's been years since you wrote this and i read it today and felt such an appreciation for you ! thanks ! i feel like i need to add something to my previous post . the only way i know of to keep from falling away , is to accept and live under , the headship of christ . jesus must be your leader over man . it ... i agree with what you have written here . i have many thoughts on this but not enough time on percafe right now . i will try to share what i can today . i have always believed that you cannot lose ... you're so young at heart . :-) that's funny ! we are so in our own heads . if people only knew ! when i was younger i went over an argument in my head , about something i was going to ask my mom . i knew she would say no , so i went ... losers can be very charismatic or very focused while trying to win a woman . a woman may not know that a man is bad or narcissistic at first . the worst character traits aren't obvious right away ... i enjoy a good debate because i find it exhilarating to engage with others who have strong opinions . and with male friends in particular ! anger from the other side doesn't bother me in a debate ... when i was a young adult , a man kicked a toddler to get him to walk faster in the mall , right in front of me . i yelled , hey ! and startled the man and he picked up the child . he and his wife gave me ... my experience as an enfp is that we are one of the most accepting of others ' opinions . however , we do have strong opinions and passions we are comfortable expressing . i would call us tenacious ... this is such an important topic ! the reality is that overwhelmingly abusers are relatives or close friends of the family . the parent at the sleepover , the church elder who drives the kids places by ... although it's over a year later and this issue was hopefully resolved , i wanted to add that it is possible to forgive someone without reconciling with them . forgiving does not have to mean , give you ... i have read many books more than once . clive cussler novels are my favorites , plus two other fiction authors , jude deveraux and lavyrle spenser . i particularly love dialogue by all of these authors ... harker , i caution you to treat others with respect here . in two posts you have called members stupid and lazy and put a negative spin on the enjoyment of reading books more than once . you have not ... thanks ! woo hooo ! welcome ! every post is hilarious and has an embarrassing ring of truth ! i haven't laughed like this on this forum in a long time ! i know you asked infjs but i thought i'd come uninvited into the thread and leave a few alternative responses for moms or friends . some might sound corny or silly but a good mood always helps . :-) ... i always feel good when my daughter tells me what she appreciates about me , personal things about my personality . when she does something special like taking me to lunch or for ice-cream and she ... it's possible that when you look down to change the radio , you don't see all that you would see normally . but even without that , stress can cause distracted driving . is there any way to reduce ... amelia , this might seem an odd question , but are you clumsy ? a relative of mine has the same problem , with having several accidents . she is also clumsy , an accident waiting to happen when she is ... clipless pedals ! please consider approaching the manager asap . tell him or her that you are concerned she did not receive your availability from your manager ( have a copy ready to hand to her . ) there is a conflict ... i can relate to your post . i was wise when i was young and i'm goofy now ... and just the opposite some days ! i have had coworkers comment that people never seem offended by my questions and i think ... that is a beautiful way to describe it all . thank you for sharing that . that's a great idea for a thread ! i hope estps will answer ! same here . yes ! routines are really hard for me too . no problem following rules generally , but when someone is trying to oppress or limit me by their arbitrary rules , i feel incredibly frustrated and down . my experience with teasing is that the people who do it know it hurts a little but they like the discomfort . it's funny . plus , if you seem to take it well , teasing tends to feed on itself and get ... wondering if i can bike up a hill that has six inches of snow . might be trying this tomorrow . thank you for reviving the thread ! i think it's beautiful that you want to wait for the reasons you mentioned . a developed and mature person usually has some qualities of patience and won't trample on others . socially acceptable behavior doesn't necessarily mean that a person is emotionally healthy . that's ... it is possible to appear socially acceptable while being very unhealthy . it is called impression management - - managing the impression others have of you . others besides your target , i mean . having ... you are saying that torturing and trying to kill others is healthy enfp behavior ? did they appear to be normal , happy , lively individuals ? was there a sudden inexplicable change ? because acting ... yes , types do bad things . several people have stated that any type can be cruel . no one is attacking you . you are not describing a healthy person , regardless of their type . psychopaths know from ... i don't want to minimize your feelings but cruel enfps are a rarity . tenacious ? yes . stubborn ? sometimes . flighty ? sure . but try to destroy you ? not if we are healthy , we don't . what you are talking ... welcome ! i have been a boss and also worked for both male and female bosses over the years . i have had male bosses who were friendly , trusted me with a lot , and allowed me to work to my strengths , and i have ... the officer may have been a really extroverted and friendly guy , but even so , you were not there consensually . he may have wanted to put you at ease or he may have been looking for information that ... i am an enfp and i can tell you , i have a surprising sense of humor during sad times . my family knows this , and my siblings do too . it runs in our family regardless of type . my son is an enfp and he ... if you haven't done the book , why not do it ? you won't be worse off and you may find it useful . the link below is a series about jobs for people who don't sleep at night . maybe something there ... '