' so intuitives ' explore ' concepts more , read into them more deeply , while sensors are more straightforward ? that's still really unclear to me . they say sensors think more about relating to past memories and intuitors more about future possibilities - but doesn't pretty much everyone think about both quite ... no one has any ideas ? aww [ 1 ] . gif i guess they are mysterious , haha ! hi everyone - and happy early holidays ! :) i wondered if you could all help me decide what type my mother and brother might be ? my mother is outgoing , loud , opinionated , and - doesn't have ... hi everyone - and happy early holidays ! :) i wondered if you could all help me decide what type my mother and brother might be ? my mother is outgoing , loud , opinionated , and - doesn't have a ... presidents do have to force themselves to utilize organization and decisiveness when the occasion calls for it , even if that runs contrary to the natural inclination among many judgers for example to ... hello there ! i've seen the prez typed across the board , which is understandable since many public figures espouse a different imagine depending on the situation as needed , with varying levels of ... hi everyone ! i'm pretty clear on discerning the other functions in people i know well , or even making guesses on people i've seen only briefly or read about - based on whether they're outgoing and ... correct me if i'm wrong , because i'm certainly not an expert ... but my understanding is that fi is our inward consideration of values and peoples feelings - where fe is our interacting with people ... i'd say the first person is definitely more about a unitary , underlying vision with an emphasis on the future . i agree that fe seems like her primary function . sent from my iphone using tapatalk haha - caught ya off-guard ;D that's true , and they're complex people - which is what makes them fascinating ! but if the point is to attempt to classify people into sixteen categories wherin the ... i see that you're an isfj - so do you think a lot of what i've described in her reminds you of yourself in some ways ? i realized i'm probably a little off in how i envisioning typing people when i came up with the same type for two of my friends ... who couldn't be more different-acting ! so i'll try to describe them , ... haha , i don't know if this thread is still active but i came across it googling martin luther king's type ... and i have to say i definitely know what you mean . so often in our society we've ... h those are the types i most often see listed for the great civil rights leader . celebritytypes and other websites designate him an enfj , while keirsey had him pegged as an enfp . what do you think ? ... with all the talk of politics in the air these days i find myself , like many a myers-briggs aficionado , looking through the types attributed to the most oft-heard names ... especially those witht he ... ah sorry , accidentally posted this here too before i saw the cognitive function subcategory . mods - think you can delete this ? i'm not sure if i can haha ! hi everyone ! i'm still struggling a bit to understand exactly the differences between extroverted and introverted judging functions , and wondered if anyone could help clear the concept up a bit ... hi everyone ! i haven't been on this forum in a year - my apologies . grad school makes for a busy life :) wonder if a lot of the same folks are still on here from when i last visited ? ? ... yeah , definitely istj for pappa - no real ambiguity there ! he's just boring enough ;D ( i say it with love ... ) while he likes routine and things to stay as they are , my brother marches to the beat of ... i'm very much an mbti noob , but my understanding is that as judging-feelers with an fe dominance , enfjs interact with the outside world by aligning themselves with the feelings and values of those ... have y'all seen that show ? if you have , wonderful ! if not ... go watch it . now ! ! did you watch it yet ? okay , good - and no cheating and just looking at excerpts on youtube ! ( unless you find really good ... ain't it just like me , to make a post and then not be able to figure out how to delete the thing ! thanks so much for all the informative input as always ! ! in the meantime , i just decided it ... well it's happened : i've signed up , i've posted , i've been typed ... and then gotten distracted and taken two months away from the forum which apparently only further proves my type ! anyway , ... oh it's okay - i cry over it every time ! it's nothing to be ashamed of ... i think even the toughest people want to cry over things like that inside , y'know . they who mourn are they who have loved , and ... game on ! :D ah ... so judging types - i . e . folks with either fe or te as their dominant function - tend to be more decisive , and go according to aplan rather than making things up as they go ? i could see why that ... thanks for explaining that ! so , what makes you think dearest mum is more likely enfp than enfj , then ? so what makes you think enfp rather than enfj for the motherly one ? does fe always imply going with the consensus , or are there some unconventional fe-dominants as well ? so that kind of task-oriented behavior can be te or ne driven ... with the only difference being in whether the focus is on ideas ( ne ) or factual consistencies ( te ) ? just a thought / question on entps and enfps in general : entps are known for keeping their inner feelings closely guarded : it's hard to really get to know an entp is the common saying . which ... hey there , hi there , ho there fellow personalitie denizens ! ! hope y'all had a grand thanksgiving :) it seems to me that folks with an auxiliary fi but a strong tertiary te could superficially ... eep ! i know it's been awhile since i've looked at this thread ... forgive meee ! i totally agree with - well , everyone ! - on my pappa being a bona fide istj . i'll still have to think about my ... hi everyone ! i know i know , i'm posting new questions without even getting back to the threads i already have out ... i'm sorreee ! ( enfps : start more than you can finish ... much ? ;D ) anywho , i was ... i see ... so , an fe-dominant's primary mode of living would be focused on the values of those around them , while an fi-dominant's primary focus would be on the values that they come up with on their ... now you mean , even an extrovert with intraverted feeling will search for answers within , correct ? ( as opposed to an introvert with extraverted feeling , who i imagine would still look outwardly for ... alright , so to clarify something that confuses me about this little inside / outside feeling conundrum : is extraversion / intraverions of a function more about where its source is , or where it's ... say somebody tends to be a recluse - prefers their own company , doesn't really enjoy socializing outside the immediate family , and gets exhausted by crowds or mingling within a few hours ... but , when ... greetings , oh ye guardians of enfp-hood ! ;D i'm fairly new to these forums ( and admittedly still haven't decided on my personality type with absolute certainty ! ) ... but it's seeming veeery ... thanks so much for the kind replies , everyone ! there definitely are some very outgoing introverts , and very shy and introspective extroverts ... and it makes sense that the intuitive-dominant ... it at once seemed as though both of the extraverted judging functions suited me , but niether in the intraverted sense . alas , further reading on cognitive function theory and discussions thereof ... ahhh ... now here's a finished paper plate to feed our little campfire ! i was reading up some more on the differences between intraverted and extraverted functions , and it seems that one way of ... wow liquidlight - just , wow ! thank you so much for taking the time on such an amazingly detailed response ... that really does help me to understand the subject much more clearly ! ( and further ... everyone wants me to be their function ! ! i feel so ... wanted and loved ;D ( personality type : magnetic ! or vain xd ) thanks so much datamaiden ! that's exactly why the t / f dichotomy is particularly ... thanks so much for the suggestions ! and i totally agree , it is based on my own descriptions and so possibly subject to certain outward assumptions ... i definitely agree on my pappa , he sounds like ... liquidlight is mighty savvy with this stuff , isn't he ? :) and grand , in that case i'll stick to my run-on sentencing regardless what i turn out to be ! ;D well thanks there , saffron - an honor to ... i know it's more difficult to type somebody when they're not around and without their own input course ... not to mention the fact that it entails talking about him behind their backs , which in some ... introverted extroverts having sweet tarts never hurts when extroverted introverts are at a loss for words like songless birds - say it three times really fast ! ! ;D in all seriousness ... holy guacamole ! my profoundest apologies for only responding to this now , but i was ... well , not a member yet and all ;D anyhow , i must say that the very nature of your writing reads as enfp ( which ... '