i like the idea if just for the use as a conversation starter . oh and it reminds me more of cutie marks from mlp than hogwarts house stuff ... is it strange that i will wait for people to challenge something i have said in order to play off of situational comedy rather then using comments as jokes ? its not like i intentionally mess up ... personally , i have trouble with acknowledging my emotions . i have spent most of my life supressing any reactions i may have had to any emotion because i saw it as weakness when observing my ... spiderbro ! ... ummm ... everyone has either a neurosis or personality disorder they live with . much like people who are functional alcoholics . once i realized this i became much more forgiving ... besides all the normal things like gaming , reading , learning and thinking in general i have cme to really enjoy ultimate frisbee . its too bad that many people i have encountered do not even ... swedish house mafia ... nothing but love ( remode ) i really enjoy the edm movement . when i dance my arms naturally fold up and move like t-rex arms . its gotten to the point that i have been mistaken for an actual t-rex ... rawr . idealistically : finding absolute truth and how in integrates with reality . understanding reality itself ... realistically : surviving myself and integrating into society ... ? slow burn for me ... i wonder if other personalities include entire groups of people that are self destructive ... what does it mean to annihilate a personality by the way ? even after going over the article i would like the experience of dating an infj , i had a very good friend who is a male infj and he would regularly tell me that if i was a female he would marry ... i do not trust myself enough to tell if i have either one of these ... i know that i had a superiority complex in the past ... but quickly found out that it alienated me from people . and gave me no ... i have two reoccuring day dreams ... when i am running ... i dont like to run ... but sometimes i have to run for time . i imagine how my legs are moving with all their different parts and then ... it makes me sad that the word love has been used so much that it has lost its meaning ... at least in my mind it has . i just got done reading some books by scott peck where he tackles the ... i enjoy witnessing what the exact tipping point is with a group of people . it does bother me when people exisit together in organizations and are not efficient together ... i will try to point out ... looking at this adorable bastard : i don't like to go to the gym because there is always some ripped guy there constantly trying to show me up . like this little fucker . - imgur i had someone tell me that the quietest person in a room is always the scariest . he then asked how it felt to be the scariest person in the room . i was so busy thinking about how this personal ... well ningsta kitty , this thread makes me realize that i have no idea how other types of people function and the problems that they may encounter because of their thinking style . thanks for ... my experience is that i am very ... very ... resistable . o_o it could be that i am not hanging out with the right people ... i find this dichotomy to be helpful in defining my stance on religion : the diagram is flawed because ... interesting , i cannot image growing up in a household full of nts ... i guess maturity levels would make all the difference because they have the capapcity to be so overbearing . sorry that i ... huh , so can you train yourself to be more objective about the situation ? i dont know if that is a possibility , but it seems like if there was a way to prevent you ni from becoming crippling it ... ... happy people ... i do not enjoy chess . it could be that i have not gotten good at it , or the game is to restrictive in the movement of a low variety of pieces ... or both of those are excuses ... yea its probably ... thanks for taking the time to comment on that . here i was thinking intjs were jerks that would not dive into the rabbit hole of possibilites with me ... i guess i should take some time to get to ... i like to think when i am around other people being all gregarious and ' fun ' i can fit in by using my si as my leading function and just getting completely wrapped up in the moment ... i have noticed ... it would be great if i could think like this , i guess its possible because everyone can develop their functions . this style of thought would allow for me to be much more productive ... these days ... excellent advice . i was thinking about attempting to learn some types of dancing for stuff like this ... i was going to start with ' charleston ' or ' shagging ' ( really just because of the name ) i guess i just have trouble imagining what experiencing life would be like with a well developed ni function ... to the point that i rely on it as dominant or secondary ... i was thinking when you ... in regards to ni , i have heard that people will allow their sub-concious to think for them ... i imagine it would be like having a question and simply leaving the question for your mind to work on ... i love the way honest nf's think . they are such a magical group of people . ningsta kitty , do you find that you think in terms of relationships only or do you mix in systems ( organizational ... can the big picture be defined as : the reality of a situation ( individual ) or organization ( multiple people ) i would add that having an accurate view of how choices will change the future of that ... i have been going through a series of books called ' the road less traveled ' which were written by a retired psychologist ( or psycotheripist ? ? ) scott peck even in his explination of how therapy is ... i wonder about that saying , ' only boring people get bored ' ... i find that i do not get bored because i am always tossing around ideas and possibilities in my mind , but when i am having ... i think i would be one of the people you are talking about ... : its not that i use words to sound smarter , i just like being as specific as i can to communicate everything i mean efficiently . ... my initial interest in a forum is usually based on what kind of information i can observe from the conversations and interations between people ... this has made me a lurker on many of the forums i ... well , durring the day i alternate between browsing reddit , watching fringe and reading ... i am just about to finish ' neuroscience of personality ' which i have really been enjoying . the concepts are ... affinity , i think its really cool how your asking questions to keep people engaged and talking about their interests . is this something that your continue to do irl ? it seems like it is very rare ... i would like to hear the events or reasoning that took place for this ' revelation ' to happen ... i have recently become agnostic because the lack of any type of relationship with god ... but i would ... what kind of lifestyle goes along with this worldview ? are you explaining these things for the sake of knowledge or validation ? hmm , antique beast thanks for posting that article . when i first started reading this thread i was a bit lost ... and i was not completely sure that any of the information was relevant , but that ... my best friend is an infj , even tho he has never really confirmed his cognitive functions so i still doubt him a bit ... we have fought a lot and grown tons through much adversity , he once told me ... im not sure how the rest of the world would label me but in my own mind i am ' nice ' i think the reason for this is because i have noticed that i can understand how other people will perceive ... so i read this article on cognitive styles : basically outlining how people think . from what i have experienced it rings ... sometimes i admit to the fact that knowing absolute truth is impossible ... but despite that i am driven on to exploring and desiring to find it , it never fails to be the overall driving force in my ... in my experience , all unconscious factors can at least be understood , most likely not controlled . i agree that combining all these factors is complex but i don't think it's impossible , using ... i imagine that in a truly perfect system , there will be a reason for why i do and think everything that i do , even if it is irrational in someone else's perspective ... i struggle because it seems ... i see your point , and i am inclined to agree based on my experience . i do have a question about this idea though ... when you talk about ' core ' premises , can that be translated into a type of ... for people who like tumblr , why do you like it ? i'm not sure i'm browsing around the right stuff when i'm looking into it :/ thanks guys for taking the time to respond and be open , i do know it's difficult and usually impractical to dwell on topics like this bit i do think there is a benefit for helping myself and other ... against rage comics ... ? is it because the reactions are completely out of proportion ? or was there some kind of personal attack using one ? ... i've heard a lot of people talk about 4chan but ...