' oh you know , i'd be a total badass with nerves of steel wielding a machete and guns and a bow and arrow and i would sit atop treetops and pick off zombies when i'm not in the fray battling them all ... i haven't taken any iq tests but i guess i'm somewhere between average to above average intelligence . nothing special though , i just know how to put forth enough effort to get a's on everything i do ... spiders , crowds , most bugs , and talking on the damn phone . that's the worst one . lately i've started developing claustrophobia though , like when i went to see as above , so below and the guy gets ... somewhat . relationships i tend to get along better with thinkers and healthy feelers . i've been with an unhealthy feeler and yeah never making that mistake again . but as for friendships , it just ... there's nothing like a random band you never thought you liked very much that makes you remember why you're doing what you're doing and studying what you're studying . i don't know why but it did ... gravity rush : weird steampunk-esque universe with the ability to manipulate gravity and a cat that looks like it's made out of the universe ? sign . me . up ! pokemon : this doesn't need an ... i think i'm gonna die :( i think this presentation is gonna kill me . it's late in the evening , and i'm watching the fog bank roll up from the west , from the thin line between the sky and sea that defines what it means to be a horizon . the sky grows darker with the ... i worried for awhile that i had bpd , and i think that some people can definitely show some of that emotional intensity / instability if they let themselves go there . i personally am emotionally intense ... i'm a sagittarius sun sign and a cancer ascendant / rising which pretty much sums me up . ( even though that cancer side of me gives me fits and irritates the hell out of me more often than not . i prefer ... this is hilarious because my boyfriend is an estp xd supposedly infps get along really well with infjs , but i swear some of the only people i ever come into conflict with are infjs . i don't know ... where are you going ? - dave matthews band we had this hand soap awhile ago that smelled like something from my childhood and i have no idea why . i can't really even remember the smell now , but if i smelled it again , i'd be transported back ... i consider myself pretty spiritually open o : i guess i've kind of made up my own philosophy / belief system / ritual behaviors to match what my inner values are ? ( like i even really know what my inner ... okay rant time because i'm pissed and stressed out . i've spent all day with a migraine expecting to get shit done but no of course not . i was only able to eat anything and feel like i could keep ... good i'm glad you got out of that relationship . definitely keep an eye out for red flags like that , and those definitely sound like things controlling people say . i've heard all of those things ... bahaha those results didn't surprise me xd i'm sanguine-melancholic / melancholic-sanguine but this one told me i was melancholic and that's about where i'm at nowadays . on my good days i'm a strong ... hon , i know exactly how it is . trust me . 90 % of the guys i attract are borderline abusive and controlling assholes . the other 10 % is a mishmash of forever aloners , misguided friends / coworkers , and ... i actually said this earlier in a conversation : i wish happiness was the currency rather than money . and i honestly can't understand why it isn't . those who are rich in happiness should be rich ... this pineal gland activation sound is amazing ~ not that i'm trying to open my third eye or anything , i just like the sound . it's kind of helping my headache go away too to be honest . some chick in ... it's kind of funny when you have your music up really loud and then you take your headphones off and you realize exactly how quiet the house is . and then you wonder momentarily if you're now deaf . incoherent rant / stream of consciousness alert . i have those times when i realize so much about myself , but i can never put it into words . like ... i like change . change is great as long as it ... i made my boyfriend take a test and he's supposedly an estp . but he was borderline on the e and s i think . the other two were pretty strong t and p . it's funny that you said touchdowned in the title because one of mine is the blind side . i cry every time . every . time . others are : dead poets society ( i only watched it once but i cried in ... you can beat the robot for awhile and make it think it's been a day , but then it starts asking you about your mood levels and things each day . i haven't gotten a personality type yet , and i'm ... i've also heard that enfps are the most introverted extrovert type , so there's that as well . i can have those identity crises as well , but i'm pretty sure i'm definitely an infp . i vastly prefer ... 90 % of the time i attract these extremely unhealthy feeler types . like ... borderline abusive unhealthy . my last two relationships were like that . my boyfriend now jokes about how he used to be like ... i'm a dog ~ i don't remember exactly what kind of dog . i think it was wood but i'm not so sure . i identify with the loyalty / selfishness dilemma that i always read on the chinese restaurant ... sometimes i like to think that my mother gets a little bit proud of me whenever i come home and say something like i did really well talking on the phone today ! the person said i was really helpful , ... knew it . i wanna try and read american gods again , so whenever you're finished borrowing them let me know ~ as of late : cowardice / bravery ( and why bravery is supposedly a top five strength of mine out of many ) , future , school , work , life , rapture / apocalypse / armageddon and i don't know why , war , peace , ... animal crossing . everything is animal crossing in my life right now . why ? coz it's a cute and fun game and i'm desperately trying to make a super cute town this time around ... but i'm not doing so ... i keep telling myself that i'm brave , that there's just a super fine line between bravery and stupidity . but do i value bravery more than i do perfection in other people's eyes ? so many things i ... honestly i feel like i'm on the fringe of something . it's not society , it's more closer to ... reality ? i don't know . i distance myself from people but i never really know why . it might be because i ... i'm only really making this post because it'll be my 900th post and i'll feel accomplished enough to focus on my homework . pacing myself is important . if i get the next two online quizzes done in the next two days then i'm not going to stress out so much . i'll read my other shit on sunday and monday . i would so dearly love to no longer be bitter about the past and present . it's bad for your face to be angry about things . resting bitch face is one thing , actually being angry will give you wrinkles ... i don't know if it's 100 % an infp thing , but i know i get pretty harsh whenever someone betrays me . i get really bitter and heartless , and some of the things i end up saying are things like just ... d'aww thanks friend ~ if i can get to 900 posts tonight i'll feel accomplished in something . oh i used to have a constant favorite band . jamie's elsewhere . and then their lead singer left for of mice & men and now jamie's elsewhere is still good , but not my favorite kind of good , and i've ... i like kind of gothic sounding names . ava jett ( if i ever have a daughter , which isn't likely i'll ever have a kid even , i'd name her that ) , viktorya ( that's the weirdest for spelling i'll go ) , ... i'm not a happy infp let's put it that way . my enneagram is most likely a 4w3 . it best describes me , i think , but i've been typed as both a 5 and a 7 and a counterphobic 6 and so on . at my very ... i kind of get the feeling that people think we're whiny , woe-is-me kind of individuals who think they're so unique and tragic that no one in the world could ever be as unique and tragic as us . ... 185490 first day of sophomore year in college the other day . but first ... let me take a selfie . argh it's so small though . * sigh edit : i guess just click on it if you wanna see the full size ... okay frankly i'd be pissed . like excuse you , no you don't . the thing with me is that i hide a lot about myself , even though people like to think they know me well , they actually don't . they like to ... i can't explain it really :/ it's partially because i've recently discovered i'm surrounded by mainly thinking types , and they don't understand my emotional intensity or mood swings very well ... this was a literal conversation earlier between me and my mother . mom : well at least your [ foster ] brother's doing so well ! he even called us , how sweet was that ? me : yeah he'll be a part of our ... i just found out i've been raised by two intjs . well one's a possible intp most likely intj , but still not one , but two intjs . my god i knew my parents were perfect for each other but jfc they bred ... oh god i need sleep . i need it , i need it , i need it . and sheezus computer get your shit together . we have two different modems now and two different wifis so we don't have to leech off of the ... '