mandingooo an estp would be good as a gym partner i think you people seem to have brothels and gyms mixed up b i do not know who i am though oily oily haha atamagasuita x whitey's job aaa but pls teach  ... an asian trying 2 take whitey's job , typical i didn refuse i forgott sry here is moneys i want more ! giv a man a fish , he will eat 4 a day , teach a man 2 fish , he will fish 4 liftim aw yay ! no normies use gramar 10/10 no lie detect i ned interernt poitns u stealin my ship ? pull up brah yes ffs fucking yes ffs you read lolicons and paedophiles i read beta peadophiles and alpha paedophiles i nominate awildjazmin ok imma head to the introduction thread and find a newbie to nominate toru okada x invalidation nabbit x mail the hysterics of a monster course u dont , ur entp jk am sorry u are loved thank you for making me feel good . i misunderstood you . look forward to seeing you on saturday . : happy : keyboard x perc veil's fingers x keyboard veil x chronic disorder it started like 2 weeks ago when i delved into the gossip section for the first time , and now i cant stop shipping people , things even ! like when i make cereal , when adding the milk to the cereal , ... i feel this rn :( this has lasted like 2 weeks now y u do dis 2 me ? ? ? benty x craycray taco dicsucs is there anything that you enjoy ? ( i only just searched ' hard fact ' on google images to see that at some point , it was cools slogan . kinda fitting seeing as people that say such phrases in real life seem like this brand of beer . the ... the finest refreshment in spam world !  ... all chinese cartoon watchers over the age of 13 are paedophiles hard facts ! ur avatar is alpha af hard fact : as a student , this is my diet 80 % of the time yay ! aww ! i do not nominate u i do not think that anybody nominates u or maybe 3 ppl do when there is a will , there is a way ... why i hurl abuse towards the mods so much , it just feels so natural , so wrong but so right , makes u feel like a big man against goliath , the rush u get when you press reply on that insult ... a shit mod u r insult urself ? u r lyk animal when introduced 2 mirror tyy * help ! *