' ahhhahahha trust me i have plenty of impractical ideas , today i spent 4 hours trying to fix a clock from goodwill that i had no knowledge of how to fix . my entire childhood consisted of idea have ... i'll take whatever compliments i can get : tongue : geez that dude really looks like me , lol . do you relate to any of this ? there is more concrete stuff at the end , as well as my take on intj's near the middle . 622802 the train with square wheels : ... ( awaken my child ! ! ! i say esfp as soon as an intj and an infp get in a room i can feel them bonding . i think maybe those with an fi emphasis are more likely to connect . good luck ! i'm curious to know how it goes . she must be afraid of social contact for some reason . my experience with infp females is that they tend to be avoidant when they are afraid of or overwhelmed with their own feelings , not ... some xsxj's enjoy organization and spreadsheets and the like . i don't know how , or why , but i'm thankful that people like that exist . enfp ? yes . especially if you are an entrepreneur running a startup . that is the price of success . if you don't like it , find a different job brave new world huxley was an enfp just saying : wink : in general , you are correct from my experience . although , i have found infp's to be more tolerant of teasing and enfp's less so than implied in question 4 . intelligence is not based on how you perceive information , but what you do with it . both means of perception have pros and cons . and besides , while intuition leads to more insights , it is also ... hi there ! :) screw theory , based on observation , its clearly the intj . i got that as well . lol what did you type ? and then there are the rest of us who can't do either of those things :( that's how i learned too . i would make hand gestures and close my eyes and imagine it happening in my mind . i never had to use the formula sheet because of that . it would just scare me anyway . what you need is an emotional release . that happens most commonly because of repressed emotions . what is the end of society ? only if you can answer that question can you answer whether or not social darwinism is a worthy philosophy . if it preserves society but also shapes society in a way ... if we didn't have xsxj's then society would collapse in two minutes . their simple and straightforward moral codes have more benefits than detriments . i love strategy games , and i tend to be mediocre at them , at best . absolutely . his mind-palace is clearly a synthesis of ti and si . my stream of consciousness the other day : the rage of nihilism must be understood in this : that the empty soul , starved of purpose , has a constant desire for direction , but is your d * ck as big as donald trumps ? of course you can't . libertarianism is an ideology , just like neo-liberalism . it cannot be argued with because it is not based on reality . it is not based on experience . it is based on a cloistered , ... - - double post - - * edit : didn't mean to edmund burke immanuel kant john locke thomas hobbes alexis de tocqueville lol you're just like me man honestly , this is hard . if you determined your enneagram first , that might make things easier to figure out . some of it is due to the way you think ( mbti ) and some ... hello :D fi users like no one else are able to completely throw all rational premises for a discussion in the trash . it is no wonder that such individuals are often trashed on a forum website . where ... wow , you're really sweet ! i wish i was as humble as you are . : happy : it's cool . whatever you needed to get off your chest . finding your security in being unique doesn't actually make any sense . if you are so certain that you are , then why do you have to prove it to yourself ? if you are so enslaved to being unique that ... intj's seem to be the best match , in general dylan thomas , 1914 - 1953 do not go gentle into that good night , old age should burn and rave at close of day ; rage , rage against the dying of the light . though wise men at their end know ... just started writing this a this a week or so ago . it's unedited . for reference , i'm 17 , and in high school , so i'm not that great : an existential exploration of psychological principals ... if there is indeed no purpose to life , then you are incapable of creating it . that doesn't even make any sense . that's like saying if a play has no plot , and no story , then the actors on stage can ... except for the societal traditions and social norms which have existed since the beginning of society . when dealing with something as organic as a human being , you must look not at what they perceive ... the ideas of perfection , the uniformity of nature , and the supremacy of a sense that i should be this way whereas i am this other way are fundamentally part of the human condition . in other ... hahaha i can completely relate to that . really ? they seem so upbeat ! which types are positivists ? yep ! i definitely relate if ni is truly my dominant function , then i indeed see it flash before my eyes and form all sorts of abstract shapes to represent words and ideas . dang . thought i might be an enfj . definitely sure i'm not one now . i'm very optimistic and enthusiastic , pretty much always . i kind of act like a estp . every few years we emerge from the wood works and lead some sort of psychotic revolution . '