' i really do understand the emotions you described . i had these same thoughts during my college years . it had a lot to do with the relationships that i was in . something was always x93offx94 . i was ... lissab 113 - yes , i can completely relate ! i ’ m the same way . the urge hits me usually every four years . i need to pack up and move to a new location . i ’ ve lived in new york , florida , california and ... hi , just a few questions for any married enfp's out there . 1 . what is the mbti personality of your partner ? 2 . how long have you been married ? 3 . how did you meet ? 4 . what do you have in ... thanks everyone for your feedback ! finaille - thank you so much for your advice . you brought up a good point about not being able to change people . i have to accept my father for who he is and ... thank you so much for your feedback - i appreciate it ocarinaof time – i ’ ve wanted to say everything that you just wrote for a long time . i ’ ve come so close to making that phone call and ... my father is an estj and my mother is an isfj . they are as different as night and day . my mother was supportive and encouraging . my father was verbally abusive and demanding . he was in the military ... i have a friend that is an istj . i have a lot of respect and admiration for her . we are the same in some ways and very different in other ways . she is religious and adheres to a strong moral ... i can really relate to your post . i've been in a funk like this too lately . i feel like it's harder to find people that i just click with , that i connect on a deeper level with in an easy and not ... my mom is an isfj and we get along really well . she is loving , supportive , loyal and encouraging . i know that she ’ ll always be there for me and i can depend on her . she is the most self-less person i ... what ? ! those were my two all time favorite movies as a child ! my first crush was x93wesleyx94 from the x93princess bridex 94 and i am still thrilled anytime i see a delorean drive by because of x93back to the ... glenn beck ? an enfp ? : frustrating : say what ? ! begin doing what you want to do now . we have only this moment , sparkling like a star in our hand , and melting like a snowflake . it's better to look back on life and say i can't believe i did ... just the fact that you wrote this post trying to understand your daughter better and that you care so much is an indicator to me that you're a very loving mom . i agree with the above post . it does ... i was guilty in my younger years of jumping in and out of relationships because i was looking for that special one that i feel a deep connection with . a person i wanted to spend the rest of my life ... when i was a kid , i wanted to be an artist or an actress . ( i also loved the idea of being a flight attendant so i could travel all over the world ) i wanted to live in southern california in a yellow ... this really hits the nail on the head and this is something that concerns me very much . i'm willing to listen to all view points and i can acknowledge the flaws of both candidates . i just feel ... mitt romney signed up and was chosen to be a mormon missionary in france . this protected him from being drafted into the vietnam war between 1966 and 1969 . i am aware of all his charity work ... the more i research this , the more estj sounds like the closest fit for mitt romney . see you tube video comparing and contrasting estj and istj ... i just wanted to give a shout out to all of you isfj moms out there . my mother is an isfj . i feel so blessed , grateful and lucky that she is my mom . she is truly my bestfriend and my ... lol ! ! oh my gosh , i truly love this forum ! :p roud : i definitely need to re-vamp my wardrobe . i have my work clothes which consist of a lot of black dress pants and various button up tops and then my outside of work clothes that are usually shirts ... i hear what you're saying about politicians in general . they do pander to the public for votes and no doubt both candidates are doing this . obama certainly has some narcissistic tendencies . mitt ... i have to think of specific examples for myself but i can so relate to a lot of the above comments . action movies put me to sleep ! as soon as the explosions start , the machine gun goes off , karate ... let me just step into this heated discussion for a moment to say a few things … thanks everyone for your feedback on this ! :p roud : it ’ s great to hear all the different perspectives on what mitt ... this afternoon i was looking up the mbti personality profile of our two presidential candidates . barack obama came up consistently as an enfj personality and that fit pretty well . the majority ... i can relate to this very much . people want to be around me when i'm happy and bubbly ... but when i'm sad and feeling down , people tend to shy away from me . it might be due to the fact that i tend to ... okay , i'll give it a shot ;) you know you're not an enfp when ... you're bedroom is immaculate and perfectly in order at all times . you feel that a vacation is a waste of time and money . it's ... lol ! no love for dogs here in this thread : laughing : where are all you dog lovers at ? awww , i'm seeing myself as an 11 year old and remembering how happy i was when the adult next door neighbor gave me the time of day . now i'm thinking she probably just wanted to get rid of me the ... haha ! not at all ! i appreciate hearing everyone's thoughts on this ! so far cats are in the lead . : kitteh : are you a cat lover or a dog lover ? i'm curious to see what the preference is among enfp personalities . i read an interesting article about the difference between cat owners and dog owners . here ... same here . i'm not a big phone person , i prefer text messaging unless it's something important that needs to be discussed . i can't stand when someone calls to make plans and then says so what's ... i totally understand what you're saying . i can get very exhausted by social situations and need decompression time . i like getting together with big groups only when its close to my apartment so i ... same with me , i love spontaneous invites to do something fun ! i'm there ! ... but please don't just show up at my front door . i'm not sure what other enfp's think about unexpected drop-in's . i ... i know exactly what you mean ! when i ’ m initially invited or asked to do something i usually feel enthusiasm . i say “ yes ! ” a lot more often than i should because i ’ m really bad at saying “ no ” . even ... lol ! ! yeah .. that is hardcore ! : laughing : i also have a two strike policy like voicetrocity . sometimes it's a one strike if it's particularly bad behavior . life is too short to spend time w / ... my husband is an enfj and we get along on a deep level . hex 92s my soulmate and my bestfriend . we compliment eachother . he actually enjoys doing the things that i donx 92t like to dox 85 like bills and the ... paul rudd :) 48514 i do prefer when my apartment is tidy , but i don't like when my husband cleans up because i can't find anything ! i don't expect things to be where they belong . i expect them to be where i left ... i do have moments when i experience paranoia . it's usually based on a fear of a bad thing happening again that has happened before . this feeling washes over me and i have to calm myself . for ... aquavenae - i loved anne shirley in anne of green gables ! i could really relate to her growing up and i loved the term “ kindred spirits ” . i read all of the books in the series and saw all of the ... lately i've been doing this letter game in my head to distract me from the thoughts that are preventing me from sleeping . i go through the alphabet and try to find a fruit for each letter . example ... thanks everyone for your feedback on this ! i definitely agree that any type can be “ happiest type ” because we do create our own happiness . this is true . there really is no definitive way to ... iemanja - that ’ s a good question ! i think troy dyer might be an intj winona ryder's character from reality bites ( lelaina pierce ) has a lot of enfp characteristics . i'm just beginning to learn about mbti personality types but i went into a few other forums and i noticed that the enfp thread seems to be the happiest group i've seen . quirky but happy . it's not ... me too ! :p roud : thanks jaysh , chimeric and cococabane for your feedback ! i really enjoyed and related to so many of your observations ! i'm realizing that maybe my desire to name everything and my quest for buying ... i don ’ t know if you ’ ll relate to all these things , but i just took a test and found out i ’ m an enfp . here ’ s my list .. - you name everything from your car to your computer and even give a name to ... '