' i over think situations because i hate awkwardness . i'm really bad at handling them . i guess you can say i want to handle a situation by making it as less awkward as possible . and that's true , i ... that's true . i really should . i think it's an ego thing too though . i don't want him to think he got to me enough that i'd need to block him and his friends . i told him once that he shouldn't be ... i think i'm quite silly . i love getting a smile out of someone ! so i think so ? so i need some enfp help ! because y'all be so amazing . my ex and i broke up a little under a month ago . it took me a really long and hard time to get over him , but i'm at this point where i'm ... i agree with viva . he really does not sound like an infj at all . my best friend is an infj and she is one of the most affectionate people i know . i don't have any interesting jobs to share , but here they are ! college jobs : student assistance ( 3 months ) student assistance ( 1 1/2 years ) they're title as the same thing , but they were ... i'm kinda of a receptionist . i answer important phone calls and transfer them to the right people . i feel that enfps are usually pretty eloquent speakers . i was really bad at first but when i got ... i'm a cancer enfp ! i think some of it correlates , but the biggest thing similarities is that cancers and enfps are both very emotional--which i very much am . there are so many way to gain happiness . i think you're overthinking it . there is no specific goal that i have--different opportunities will arise to achieve happiness . when it comes , i'll seize it ... depends . i get really social and excited . but if i drink too much , i get too emotional . hate that part . but one reoccurring thing that happens when i get drunk is i lose my sense of balance . standing ... that would make sense . i'm a type 4 and i'm a hopeless romantic . i'm so infatuated with the idea of love . as for the mbti type , i chose infp even though i'm enfp . but reading descriptions on ... i hate to be so dependent on this , but it's the truth . i think i'm happiest when i'm with the person i love ( though no one atm ) . i don't know why , but i'm do deeply attracted to love . i am ... 1 . three favorite activities recently , i've been really into blogging . i have a lot of thoughts and anxieties and blogging always seems to pput me at ease . i also really enjoy swimming . there is ... i don't think i can ever forgive cheating and abuse . it probably has to do a lot with my childhood , but i find both things almost impossible to forgive . never raise a hand in violence and never take ... i'm not too sure , actually . but if i recall correctly , a close friend told me to take the online test during my freshman year of college two years ago . at first , i got esfp , but that didn't sound ... i hate to admit it , but i suffer from envy . i'm the jealous type too ): i think i need it to begin with empathy . it's necessary for me to get an emotional connection with them before they start blurting meaningless advice to me . but it can't end with empathy . it gets ... lol ! i hate to admit it , but i think i get that sometimes . when i'm in that mood , it's time for self-reflection time . sometimes solitude is the only cure . give me an hour or two , and i'm back to ... that sounds just like me ! perfect summary (: just a few things i'd add to myself when i'm excited : heart racing and high expectations . inability to sleep when the moment is coming and active ... aww shucks , thanks ! nope we're not related but you can say we're sisters ! she introduced me to this site . we do get that we look alike a lot though ! go on a road trip ! go camping with a group of people and make a change ! help clean-up a park , feed the homeless , build some trees ! make memories ! i'm planning to do just this during spring break ... i love how i'm in all these pictures with you . takes time away from loading my own pictures ! <3 i'm second from the left hehe (: and to add on ! me and my lovable infj sister ( who photobombed ! ) ... i don't have a specific fetish . i just like it constantly ahaha (: enfps and our sex drives . very true ! 1 . what would be the ideal friendship be like for you ? my ideal friendship would be someone who is there for me when i need them the most . it seems pretty easy to find , but trust me , it's not . it's ... i don't think i mind being single , but i think i do prefer being in a relationship . i like that warm fuzzy feeling nothing . music kinda distracts me . and if it is playing in the background , i don't really pay attention to it . the only time i really listen to music is when i'm feeling exceptionally emotional . but ... yeah i agree . this is a maturity thing . it seems a lot like she's seeking attention . i've been through that phase--a long time ago . the best advice i could give you is to talk it out with her : sit ... i hate to tell people to settle ): i really do . but i agree . finding a balance is the key to it all . but if you don't think you can ever be satisfied with his feelings for you , i don't think settling ... aww thank you (: totally gave me the biggest smile on my face :D expectation is the root of all heartache and it's true--especially for enfps i feel . we tend to glorify people and situations so we expect so much from them all . these expectations can never be ... i'm exactly like you . i'm so easily distracted , it's amazing . i can't study with friends because their every movement distracts me . i can't have food with me because i'll just munch on it instead of ... i'm adequately sporty . i used to be really into tennis and running . i feel really revitalized after a good run . it's getting me to start that's hard . rant 1 : why do people always put them down ? i'm all for giving out compliments when i mean them , but when you don't take them , stop fishing for them . i have a friend , and goodness knows i love her , ... lucky emery ! lol i was sensitive , loud and attention-seeking . i constantly sucked on my fingers and cried haha but that may just be me . too cute ! merry ___ to you too ! it depends on who it is and what they did . but i usually let go of grudges pretty quickly , though i am quick to get angry . but there are some huge grudges that i doubt i'll be letting go any time ... yes i have and i felt terrible after the relationship ended . when i was in a relationship with him ( he is a esfp btw ) , i never felt like i was good enough . in comparison to me , he was much more ... passionate , enthusiastic , emotional , romantic , impatient ... and heartbroken ( at the moment , and perhaps , for a while ) oh god ... too much . i'm always the first to jump into my treat ! or here's 20 dollars ! return it to me whenever . that and my shopping expenses . i'm always going through different phases of ... if they initiate it , then i love to ! or if they seem really friendly . - people . only the ones i really love though . the ones that make me smile ! - music . the songs that touch your heart and you replay , again and again - laughs . it's contagious to the sad heart ... one of my closest friends is an infp . it's pretty crazy how one letter can make two people so different . but that's what we are . different . since i only know one infp , i'm going to base it off of ... this pretty much sums it up ! i always think there is something wrong with me . i put all the weight on my shoulders . people always told me that i love to love , and when i love , i do it pretty damn ... i read somewhere once that an infj is the perfect match for a romantic partner . my best friend is an infj and we often joke that we're soulmates , but somewhere along the way , things got messed up and ... my sister is an infj , but as a lot of intj tendencies . we get into a lot of arguments and one moment , we'll be buddy buddy , and the next , she'll say something to piss me off , so it's more like i ... wow ! this must be a common enfp problem . i'm the exact same way . even if i really want to , it becomes too much hard work to continually text someone or contact them . i want to get out there , do ... it depends on who it is i'm suppose to forgive . say it was my best friend . because we've been through so much , i can forgive and forget just about anything she does , but knowing her , she'd ... wow ! ! it's surprising to see how many enfps have infjs as best friends ! mine is too and she knows me like the back of her hand . i don't know what i'd do without her . i cry . my heart has been kicked , pummeled , ripped , stabbed--i'm bleeding . i often think why wasn't i good enough ? what was wrong with me ? why couldn't it be me ? but that is probably the ... '