' absolutely . i feel like running away and going somewhere else for awhile . which is totally against my nature . i have one kid with another one on the way . its scary because i feel im going to be so ... for me , ive been in quiet a few serious relationships . but my problem is taking risks on my heart . once i fall in love i fall extremely hard with no looking back ... then when i have a chance to look ... me and my intp of a year in a half broke up and it really has taken its toll on me ... he broke up with me . anyway , it has made me look at myself objectively and i was wondering if any of my fellow ... 1 . happy are you ? 8 im pretty content at the moment , little worry here and there , but im excited for the up-coming months 2 . socially skilled are you ? yikes ... to be honest , probably a 5 3 ... but , i know i am a 6 ... theres no doubting that . and the only wings for a 6 is 5 and 7 . i dont compare to the 7 at all . its confusing to me . im 100 % sure im a 6 , though . ive never tested a 1 or a 3 . i ... usually ... the internet and all its wonderfulness . or netflix'n it like nobodies business ... ... when i make someone else do all the talking ! i hate talking to strangers ... or anyone outside my circle . plus , i never know what to say ... hmmm ... what creeps me out ? people in weird places ... like , what the heck are they doing ? ! why are they in that specific place ? and usually , these people arent exactly dressed to impress which makes ... my impatience is provoked from people . i can wait ... but that wait time is like an hour . i keep telling myself anyyy minute now ... anyyy minute ! * sigh * ... when it comes to inanimate objects ... i will say i do not like these shows . as a matter of a fact i dont even watch tv . netflix , i do watch . and usually , it is reality-based tv like listed above ... like : hoarders , fatal ... yeah , i dont really do the silly dance thing or dance at all ... now , acting like an idiot and trying to make people laugh ? thats me all over . saying completely random things that sound so retarded ... correct me if im mistaken but isnt there a thread about alcohol and isfj ? i remember throwing my 2 cents in that ... but , for the sake of this thread ... in my experiences i can drink alot and ... speaking with experience in being in an intp / isfj relationship . ive asked my intp why he wanted to date me . he knew what he was getting into .. and he simply told me that because we are opposite we ... honestly , let it go . she needs to see that on her own for her to change her mind . i know youre a concerned friend but like you said when you talk about it shes angry . its obvious she wants the ... im thinking about being pregnant again . the last time i got pregnant was 6 years ago almost . im with an amazing man and i want to start a family . we've been together on and off for 4 years , almost 5 ... im worried about my boyfriend , actually . i cant stand to see him unhappy , even though i am not causing his unhappiness i feel im almost useless because all i can do is support him and give him the ... i do believe in myself . i know my opinions are just as valid as the next person . im not afraid to put my two cents in just discouraged in the fact that it might not hold weight thus making me second ... this is absolutely immature . i cant believe someone would stoop this low and make a complete mock of a chart that isnt even vaild . it really gives the mbti a bad name ... smh * youre absolutely right . i totally feel that way . i cruise through plenty of forums and i come across something i feel i should put my 2 cents in and i feel because im a sensor that i wont know what ... im with an intp ... im all the time telling him he should be with an nt of some sort . he gets upset with me , telling me he loves me too much to leave me for something more easy ... he tells me he ... 1 . if you could anthropomorphize yourself into an animal , would animal would represent you ? lol , i gotta really think about this one ... probably a fish . quiet , fun to look at and silly at times . ... well after a heartfelt conversation with my intp boyfriend ( we've been fighting alot ) he came home and surprised me with icecream and cheesecake ! i guess to make me feel better ... and which it did . :) my avatars are from my favorite band . tool ... not only do i love their music . but , i enjoy alex grey art . im also very interested in the human body and how it functions . then again , i might change ... how to make a cheese sauce out of a block of cheese came out horrible * face palm ive actually been curious to say the least ! i definitely have a need to understand you guys . very interesting people :) ive dated esfp , isfj and currently an intp ... i gotta say my own type was boring lol . esfp was good but he was so unstable and the intp is my complete opposite but something makes me want to stay ... well for the longest time ive tested 6w5 ... lately ive been testing 4 something . they both have accurate descriptions but i side more with being a 6 . i dont see myself being a 6w5 , i dont find ... wow ! he sooo needs to read this ! ... this is exactly how i think he should handle it . well , after many fights and crying ( me crying ) he has agreed to do these things . ( passwords , telling me every ... yeah , we were trying that for about a month or so then we decided to stop . our relationship is too weak for that kind of lifestyle so we ended it to save what we have left ... but , before we wanted ... sorry forgot to reply im not looking for anyone to side with me im looking for advice , tips , ways to get beyond the feeling of being lied to my face . but , i digress . i guess im too old fashioned for my own good :/ ... well , its been a week or so and everything has been pretty quiet on his end . he tells me everything that he does when im not around . so , of course im going to be skeptical , but the feeling of ... well , when he tells me straight to my face he knows its wrong and he promises me over and over he's going to stop and doesnt . i think its beyond what youre trying to imply ... isnt that alittle ... thanks for your opinions ... no one else have some advice to get over trust issues ? ? in a more isfj way , something i could relate with . okay , so me and my intp boyfriend have been really going through a serious rough patch . besides the usual stuff in our kinda relationship ( misunderstanding , communication breakdown , ect , ect ) there has ... * cough * yeah , i was the loner totally . i saw kids i knew from before in other classes but they didnt even knew i existed . so i skipped a crap ton ( to hang with older kids ) and i couldve cared less ... ill speak for myself and say i have a photographic memory . i can sit something down and know its exact location . some people are just forgetful . i can be forgetful , there can be a small conversation ... hmmm , stuff i say ... well , all im trying to do is get my point across hey ? dont forget to get to check the * blah blah * what do you want to do today ? ow ! my ___ hurts ! * sigh * i ... whew ! now i dont feel so bad about my non-creative self ! lol youre not alone ! ! ... now , i can crochet here and there . i would like to get into clay pottery but i cant draw like these fine people ... hmm , usually it depends with the company i have . if its me and the other half we would either go out and eat somewhere or if it is limited funds i would do something small like bake a cake or some ... liquor or beer i act the same . i have my spurts of drinking a shit ton and drinking once a month , really depends on my company . if i am with friends i know ... i get chill , kinda observing everything ... 1 ) i would never spend money that is given to me except for what i asked for ... and for some reason i did spend it i would put it to another priority like bills or getting my car fixed ( if it was ... ... my favorite season is summer . so that would be a no lol . but ! a / c in the summer to sleep ? ! thats a yes ! ... physically : tall , long dark hair ( preferably ) piercings and tats are a turn on :) . the bad boy has always swoon me * sigh * ahem ... uh . yeah . lol . facial hair is always hot ... me too . since , im the only one . i used to type a 6 alot , then it changed to a 4 and its been a 4 for a few weeks . im kinda wondering why i am a 4 now , because i really do relate with being a 6 . ( the ... im with the one guy ... yanno ... finger paints , eating glue and glittery things :D ive known / dated an intp for about 4 yrs now and as well as my dad being an istp . i have definitely felt self conscious in conversations . when i open up to my dad / boyfriend i have a tendency to say ... welcome to perc . i must say ... i love the monty python quote in there . i love british comedy <3 well , i know alittle about body language and i know when you are crossing your arms or legs you are guarding yourself and may come off as standoffish so knowing that i try not to cross my arms , ... ... yes , he too has his part time loves and my extra loves can do as they please they are free but i only wish for communication . letting me know if there is anyone else besides me . they can have ... '