' actually , from these results , it looks like you're triple-withdrawn : 5w4 , 9w8 , 4w5 . it would appear that you just happen to have strong 2 , 6 , and 7 traits . it's odd that you're associating the whole heart triad with narcissism . also , i would associate fives with having some antisocial disorder , not eights ( btw let's set aside the aspergers and call it ... so is my mom . it sometimes annoys me to pieces : my mom : go do * insert known , to-do task here * me : i know my mom : well , if you know , then why don't you go do it ? ... yeah , i'm not one ... i'm gonna guess the ej types are most likely to groupthink , but i'm not entirely sure . thoughts ? also , which types are least likely to groupthink ? very true . my guess is that 9s are the most idealized type ( thanks to our high levels of neutrality and inner tranquility ) , but from the perspective of a 9 , it isn't worth it to idealize any type . ... i hardly ever wear hats , if at all . nice new avatar btw , dealwithit . the entj i'm currently living with apparently has used his se via cooking , amid other things i'm not 100 % sure of . he's quite nice with se , compared to te-ni alone . sometimes i kinda wonder how ... you have been criticized of having less thanks than posts / guilty * a type 9 looks at the poll ... * we're so popular :p roud : * goes and votes for 9 * edit ... and 9th vote ! what a number : crazy : it seems both of the isps seem to hold out relationships and get married longer than the esps . also , some stats from personality page : highest percentage married ( from highest to ... * looks back at thread * riiight , so why did i create this thread ? :d ry : ( maybe too much like comparing an istp to an intp ? ) maybe an intp in a ti-si loop ? i tend to be nit-picky about my environment as well due to my high si . so am i , and although my 5w6 is close , i'm a 9w1 ( i have absolutely no 8 anywhere in my enneagram type at all ) . not to mention it feels somewhat disturbing and unreal to do it all the time . pstypes enneagram test results the distribution of your scores type one : 15 type two : i'm probably the one all the way to the right . am i now weird for looking well ? : crazy : maybe because enneagram isn't as official and popular as mbti , and so it's hard to find broad real-world stats . tp and fp aren't necessarily associated with a pe function . they're associated with dom / aux ti and fi respectively . anyway , you could divide up the 16 types in a number of ways of four : ej , ep , ... not an sj , but my mom , who is an sj , her parents are most likely esfj and istp . why ? the discussion's fine — nothing's heated up in here . i used to wear a watch when i was younger , but watches tend to irritate my wrist , so i stopped . besides , there are other ways for me to tell time when it's necessary . also , beware : under ... 1 . words of affirmation meh . 2 . gifts giving them : yep . receiving them is another story . 3 . acts of service 1 : not entirely sure . they're mostly about places than anything else . seldom , if at all , are there people in my dreams . 2 : often , like most other things , i remember a dream quite vividly , but the ... they'll probably get along quite well . this is probably true for any xwy with a ywx . btw if you were wondering , the little w between the numbers stands for wing , not with ( it can be unclear ... i've wondered how common each of the 9 fundamental enneagram types are . does anyone know or have a link ? from typelogic.com : intuition is tertiary--as the esfj matures , and as situations arise which call for suspension of criticism , ne is allowed to play . under the leadership of the fe function , ... from typelogic.com : as the estj matures , and as situations arise which call for suspension of criticism , extraverted intuition is allowed to play . under the leadership of the te function , ... again , sorry if i am harsh . try not to take everything here personally . if you look inside the parentheses , there's my alternate possibility ( i'm not inconsiderate ! ) . it turns out i was just ... i tend to apologize like that too : very reasoned out . maybe it's a t / f thing . this obligation of sjs ( not just estjs ) , amid others , is what drives me up a wall sometimes . my esfj mother has this tendency to do this to me ( although not to the degree you're encountering ) . ... i find this interesting . i never would've guessed that an estj would tell a white lie ( this in part due to my stereotypical views of estjs ) . as a thinking type , i might get thrown off by this , and ... not to be harsh , but speaking of lies , you could be lying about your strong stj . it looks like you're just strong j ( either that or i could be misreading the scale ) . so , another question : what ... here's a third istp to add to that . i will say , though , that because of my autism , i have an unusually strong si . it could happen to an isfp , and the result could be an autistic isfp with isfj ... here , i replied to your thread , happy ? : crazy : anyway , i once read that ifps such as you don't seem to have much patience with types whose preferences are strongly t or j ( let alone tj ) . mostly se and ni . i rule with ti , so i don't need work there . te and fi are doing ok , and they will develop better in my later life . ne i just suck at , and fe i'm not too good with either . both ... p . s . why do you terms and conditions have to be so long ? ? ? do you have any idea how discouraging and redundant that is ? ever heard of plain english and not legalese ? i need to get out more / recurringthoughtofmine sounds like you need to relax ! it also sounds like you need to forgive your intp's detached , perceiving nature . maybe he got quickly bored ! thanks to everyone here who shared their two-sided se understanding . i remember my high school enfj teacher taking us outside during homeroom . se relief :p roud : first impression : estj ( maybe with a strong se ? ) certainly underdeveloped in terms of cognitive functions , such as ne and fi . it looks like you have just won out the rest of us ... either that or you weren't being true to yourself . istj : cup of coffee estj : judge's mallet ( for lack of a proper name , if there is one ) istp : someone fixing up their cool vehicle ( be it a car , motorcycle , bicycle , or otherwise ) isfp : an artist ... the question is , will it be because we humans could control ourselves , or because mother nature forced us ? i would guess this is an si thing ... given my strong si , i have become like this as well . however , being an sp , i don't need routine , just need to know how it works . i find it fascinating that some isfjs have higher te than ti . it had me wondering if most other sjs have higher te and fe than their ti and fi . when my esfj mother tested out , she had higher te ... how nostalgic are you ? it would appear that si nostalgia is fairly strong among you esfjs , being si-aux . i wondered where this thread went ... * has a thought of music and therefore cannot be described * from an istp with aux . se , this is an insightful thread . i've sometimes wondered if enfjs ( or enxjs for that matter ) experience se in a here-and-now manner like sps do . i can imagine , like any identity relationship , that it'll be a nice one , but eventually will get boring . i sometimes wonder what an isfp-istp relationship would look like . let's see ... playing games ( especially ones that integrate the ti element , which few adventurous games seem to do ) , skiing , biking , hiking , climbing , procrastinating here ( not uncommon among us ... '