' 5w6 .. and for most people , i appear as a cold person ;) . no i also don't think that esfp is shallow but many people say that . my esfp guy love to think much .. he said something like oh well how do you know that i love to think much while none of my other ... mojo johnson i know how it feels .. i have a long crush for an esfp guy .. in the end , he is breaking my heart . right now , i cut him off from my life until i can be back to our long lasting friendship ... i'm a psychiatrist and i love to be the one ;D . basically i love to hear people's problems and help them :p roud : if this is a relationship that you talk about than just do it instead imagining it ;D . infj's tend to live inside their own mind too much . we can draw to many reality on our minds without really do ... apdenoatis : 1w2 , 2w1 , 5w6 sx / so ( probably ) perspicacious : 1w9 - 5w6 - 2w1 so / sp cordial milli 66 : 1w9 - 4w5 so / sp rwm 4768 1w9 , 5w4 , 2w1 sp / so pterodactyl 1w9 - 5w6 - 2w1 so / sx younique : ... if me , i won't even consider number 1 . this is my ex-boy friend type . if you are an infj , this type will make you tired to the death .. it will like dating a troll who gets plastic surgery ... * sorry ... most infjs are empath . besides we have this very strong intuitive side , the gut feeling side . no wonder that what people called sixth sense is a common thing for infjs . speaking of sixth sense in ... well i'm a very good liar and good at manipulating others using my lie if i want to . a success lie depends on how consistent it is through people and times . but luckily my own moral standard and ... for a fake jerk , i always stand on some distance with them not too far and not too close . i never show that i know their manipulative behaviors and their fakes , especially if this type is my ... i don't say it but show it .. ;D thank you madhatter for posting this .. i am a 512 and as a 512 , i really love to teach ;D .. and it's true also that my main type is 5w6 . sushine upon me :) 48438 very great and accept my self just the way i am :) i think your thoughts come as a whole part as being an infj . we love and prone to think about sadness in so many ways . even when you are at the most good part of your life right now . as most infjs ... a.first a man with chit chat smile or a genuine smile , his eyes tells me that he is happy .. second when he get tired or listening to something serious .. third he was sad but still try to smile ... sigh .. the same problem here ... the scariest thing .. the older i get .. the bigger my need for solitude .. even i'm considering seriously for being alone for the rest of my life if i can't meet the one ... i think that it's not about the bad childhood but because we , infjs , even from our childhood we tend to be more sensitive and mature than any other types . that's why we tend to memorize anything ... hmm .. accept it as one of the dream that won't be come true ... been there in your shoes and after a while , i knew that i should wake up from the dream .. hope you'll be luckier than me .. i just know one other infj in my life . she is my teacher and really gorgeous . i think i love her as my own mother as some part . well like infjs .. she keeps secret and it's really hard to make a ... yep i was . i don't concern much about law . it's a different thing with ethics . the most important thing is what i think is good for other not how the law describe it . law is a consensus that have ... me : infj mom : esfp pop : estj big sis : xntj young sis : estp i'm a freak in the family :D .. it's not about women with man's brain but a woman who already mature maybe beyond your real age . a mature woman can control her emotion well and can use her rational side better ... and for the ... i'm good at both too . get good grades for literature , math , art , science , geography , history ... i love all the subjects ;D . so how do you live with that contradiction ? well ... it's complicated :D . how about i ask you back , who are you ? i have one friend who is estj and she is one of a few happy go lucky type that i can remember . when i'm in my depress mood , it's really help to see her . she seems have a gift to make others laugh ... i think your problem and your friends problem are not trying to understand each other from each other point of view . i mean you and your friends are different person with different ... ... when speaking much of you think more to yourself than to others may be you mean unhealthy 5 :) . you will lucky to find someone with healthy personality ... oh well , i think it for a while ... who from any infjs who never get this kind feeling want to give up ? i think may be all of us bare it at one time of our lives but yet we survive . ardentauthor ... no matter what you feel , no matter what happen , keep reminding to your self ... still the world turns . that one simple sentence help me much in dealings with feeling want to give up :) . persephone yes , i ask because i want to learn and ask some things :) . do it on purpose to understand myself better and do it on porpuse to learn from others . most people who has 5 ennegram are ... dear infjs , i'm still learning about ennegram but i find out that not many infjs have 5 ennegram especially with 6 wing . i'm an infj with ennegram 5w6 . would love to hear stories from other infjs ... don't try to understand an infj because you will get tired . they live inside their minds which always change day by day depend on what new lessons they get ... what new experiences they get . it also ... it might or might not related with your situation . even if she is an infj , she is still one unique person and the way she teach her kids both related and not related with her personality type . here ... being an infj doesn't mean that you have better personality than other type . well it's not about the label infj , estp , intj , etc but back again it's about people and no matter label that they have , ... i was trying it ... using it to find pen pals . meet with some interesting people that you can share long stories . but must warn you first there are jerk people there too lol ... carola , i have the very same problem here :) . i'm afraid of intimacy especially love relationship . i'm good at making friendship though ... have some friends that still be friends for years and good ... the problem , i don't think i'm doing the right thing and doing things fairly with other guys who want to make a serious relationship with me . i give them hope that in the end they can bind me ... update : finally i told him that i like him more than just a friend ... and as i gues , he said that i'm the most important friend in his life but he simply couldn't decide whether he want to start ... yeah u'r right ... :) .. i never really been in serious relationship all this time ... vanitas ... yeah it's diff time ... ramonv currently i'm dating with 3 other guys ... but as a feeler is really hard for me to fall in love with a person . i want to but i can't let him go ... i don't know why ... vanitas he made a ... so it's better not to hope anything :) i love what's eating gilbert grape ... anybody ever watched ' things you can tell just by looking at her , closer , and the hours . can you give example what kind of clues that you will give him :) ? romance in a friendship relation is a position that somewhat confusing ... he is a womanizer :D ... that's what another thing ... aizar i think , they have strange power to hide their feeling ... it's really hard for me to read them ... which i never fail with other types ;D . he is very direct and doesn't love playing drama ... i have a crush for a male entj for years ... i met him for the first time while we was in university , we took same major . it was at 2000 or 11 years a go . we started become friend and we end up as a ... so why bother to make this thread ... ~ just kidding ;D ... anyway take a deep breath and release it slowly ... do it in cycle ^ ^ i've read 11 of them :) i think that your problem is not your presentation skill but your distraction which occur so easily . so what you need is exercising how to maintain your focus on your presentation and not get ... '