' i like to draw ( appreciate art in general ) , listening to music , making music ( i used to , don't anymore ) and taking photos :) i think as sensing people we are guilty of both , if that makes sense . we could really put someone through the ringer emotionally and mentally if we are hurt because we know how , we know their ... in our youth ? i'm still crazy :| hahaha , i know what you mean . we weren't as inhibited to strange behavior . dafuq did i just read . go read up more on isfp's , then come back . your observations are so generalized it's actually quite funny . the only thing that sounds isfp is 1 and maybe 4 ( if she doesn't care much about the issue ... club music want to make sweet , passionate love to you all . ( btw , i'm an all-nighter ;D ) also roses , chocolates , teddy bears , and all that other romantic shit <3 a little bit of everything . i don't think its an isfp thing to discuss what types of music we like . rather , we like it for what it is ( i think lots of us tend to have a broad taste ) and would rather ... * double post * > . > adagio for strings is the shit ! ! and thats a really good rendition of it ! :) fourtines thanks for posting , i really like it . also love that sonic youth cover ! * cries * thank you ... omg that sounds amazing :D * eargasm * have you heard the . hack / / sign soundtrack ? i think you'd like it :) ( the show is really good too ) ... ^ i was listening to all those songs for about an hour . thanks :D   ... it's ok to be a time traveler lol i care ! i listen to everything you guys post :) this song from madonna is great . if i live a hard life here on out i don't want anyone to feel sorry for me . life is a lesson , not meant to be a walk ... maybe this is why isfp's and infp's are considered siblings ? go with what you like naturally rather than whats your best match :) forever love . good r & b seems to have died this decade .  laughed so hard at this . happens to me alll the time . for some reason my family likes to tell me shit when i'm sleeping and then i don't know if it actually happened or not . here's some . but i ...  put the paper under the table . it's a nice pattern to be seen in all its glory . making circles and gluing it on the table would be distracting . under the table is much more simple . simple ... same here , this initially was the only song i liked on the new album i adored pink when she came out with this album . :)  fourtines i love that song ! ! you should stop assuming we're on something and accept that fact that we're just like that . don't beat yourself up too hard for not being able to get to know us , though . : 3 i'd criticize you , but you've been so good on the isfp forums that i haven nothing mean to say . damn you . > : | at least what we do see is with a realistic approach :) i was just thinking of this earlier ! ! lol ! ! epic saxophone guy :D krumms that song is deep : o boys ! ! ;) the song and video is amazing :) how cute <3 what he said . just hangout with her and see how things go , although it does sound like she has some interest :) isfp's like to show their affection through actions so if anything pay ... i thought love for symbolism was an infp thing . unless i'm wrong ? isfp's tend to like things as they are , and though i'm sure everyone likes some meaning to things ( we're always trying to find the ... <3  nothing gets past you , i see ;) and yeah the yellow one is more dorky lol . flirting ? what the fuck is that ? ? i'd probably sound like this though when i do decide to say something . __ . :) thank you ! i absolutely love portishead . i was going to see them in ny last fall but didn't have a ride :( ( or another person who actually listened to them to go along lol ) ... i heard legolas was an infp ? i could be wrong . and angelina isn't an isfp , atleast i don't think . also i thought beyonce was isfj ? i don't know any istj's irl . dafuq brah . > : | instead of trying to get a particular type , why not just go out and talk to women in general ? don't worry so much about what type she is , whether or not you guys have chemistry is more important . :| ... do you consider yourself a generally vague person ? i definitely have this trait , i don't like people knowing too much about myself and tend to slowly release information . do you do this ? even people ... he's just horny maybe : o try a music shop ? '