' everyone calls us the puppies of mbti . how bad can my fellow infps reaaally be when pushed to the limit ? three things i have identified thus far : 1 . intelligence level . people tend to choose partners of similar intelligence , and mbti won't tell you if someone has the same intelligence level as ... his attachment style is definitely a doozy here . it's easily explained in the enneagram , where he types as 3w4 sx . mbti doesn't have an equivalent to the enneagram's variant stacking though :/ this is where things just get muddy ! he's very opinionated , especially about creative stuff , and does not mind stepping on a few toes to get his point across . he's been called an asshole before , ... we actually met online , hahaha . perfect internet couple indeed ! mother : isfj father : istj me ( eldest daughter ): infp younger brother : istj youngest brother : exfx ( definitely not esfp , but could be esfj , enfp or enfj ) i'm an idealist surrounded by sentinels ! a long time ago my boyfriend took the mbti test , and came back infp . i'm infp too , and we have such easy and awesome conversations that i kind of just went with it . it seemed obvious he was infp to ... worriedfunction , okay ... not sure if anyone's said this yet , because i'm not going to bother reading all 6 pages ... but the way you posed this question was sure to set off the dogs . you came here ... what's your type and what is most likely to steer you down the road of unhealthiness ? feel free to use specific examples if you have any . if you know another type personally and have seen their ... after dating another infp , i can't imagine being with another type . dating an isfj was a nightmare . according to this site , nfs have the highest satisfaction rate with other nfs at 73 % ( second only ... my doctor put me on lunesta , which i found to be much more helpful than ambien ( have you read those horror stories ? ! ) . i also used to listen to asmr videos on youtube while i fell asleep to give me ... today i was thinking about how one of the reasons that my infp boyfriend and i get along so well is that we both have terrible sleep patterns . we can both stay up for extended periods of time ( even ... emberfly , why did you lead me to that elliot rodger youtube video ? ! watching stuff like that makes me sick , thinking about how impossibly deluded some people are . reading the comments defending ... yet another esfp ! starbuckskat and draumande romvesen called it . if we stick to the suggestion by swordsman of mana that exfxs may be more likely to post , his idea that 2s , 3s , and 7s would also ... it's true , any type most likely to thread is going to be chock-full of stereotypes . but i'm still interested in what people think / their personal opinions on the matter . double post . the only esfp ( 7w8 ) i know is also a selfie-lover ; she doesn't use social media often , but when she does it's usually to post a photo of herself . the other 7 i know has a 6 wing and might as well ... for example , i don't identify at all with the hopeless romantic descriptions of 4 . let's assume we're dealing with average health levels . which types are more likely to initiate a breakup , which types are more prone to be the victims of a breakup ? would these tendencies change ... first off , i'll say that health levels / maturity matter above all . an intuitive would get along much better with a healthy sensor than another unhealthy intuitive . that said , i'll recount my ... which type ( or types ) is most likely to post selfies or status updates about themselves ? mbti and enneagram types welcome . for enneagram , i think wings make a big difference here as i can see a 4w3 ... i'm a painfully image conscious infp . i just think i'm less likely to do something about it than a s type might , mostly because i lack motivation , but not because i don't care . my sx boyfriend has admitted that he would stay if he felt he didn't have any other options . he cannot tolerate being alone and would rather be in a bad relationship , even if the partner cheated . ... @ guimpiv , thanks , this is an interesting read . robync these parts specifically say 6 to me : they have anxiety issues largely centering around not knowing what to do either because they don't want to look like an idiot or incompetent , and ... harsh , man . these read like personal vendettas . alittlebear , i have no idea what this means , but it made me laugh so hard . @ guimpiv , can you explain this better ? hamilton wasn't attributing will , mind , life to the enneagram , that is your doing , correct ? what did the titles will , mind , life mean to him ? romantically ? i'm so / sx and feel most comfortable with an sx partner who will do the pursuing . i need to know that someone can commit and will be there for me emotionally , that's the only way i'd ... swordsman of mana , interesting thread , you should do this for other types as well . where are you getting your info from ? this just oozes 6 to me ohhh yes , i seem to have endless empathy for bad people . i was reading about this revenge porn site guy who got 18 years in prison and i immediately felt it was too harsh . then i read the comments ... infp agnostic i wouldn't be so bold as to say there isn't a god , but a long personal journey led me away from the faith i was raised in ( christianity ) . if a genuine all-loving supreme being ... this is an interesting concept . kind of how 4s are most prone to depression but also the most equipped to deal with it , as they embrace their negative feelings . i wonder if being prone to ... this is what trips me up . i know as a 4w5 i often choose to isolate myself , and after a while i may grow lonely and then just not want to see anyone because i feel bad , perpetuating the isolation ... why did you choose to isolate yourself ? quang , what makes you say 4-5 s ? judging from my reading that it is extroverts who are most prone to loneliness , i would not have guessed 4-5 . however , being an introverted 4w5 myself , i only ... what makes you say that ? it seems to me that the instinctual variant sx is most prone to loneliness , and i have read that extroverts are more prone to loneliness than introverts ( although introverts are more likely to be ... i'd like to see what so doms have to say about taste . are they generally known for having good taste or just for being self-conscious about taste ? my best friend ( extroverted 7w6 ) and boyfriend ( introverted 3w4 ) are both sx doms . their sx manifests how you might expect for an introvert and extrovert . my best friend is incredibly devoted ... o0india0o , it's ridiculous to think that one form of art is somehow better or more right than another , especially when the type of art a person chooses tells you so much about the person . art ... my favored career , 4w5 so / sx , is filmmaking . i want to be a director . it is also the favored career of my 3w4 sx / so boyfriend . my 7w6 sx / so best friend wanted to be a biologist , then a chef , then ... do you have type 3 in your tritype ? that might explain why , when growing healthy , you experience positive aspects of 3 more than 9 . conversely , if you type very low as 9 , that might also explain why ... my 8 roommate is actually an artist . he paints only 2 dimensional paintings of people , in black and white . he's an unhealthy 8 and i think his art style is a perfect representation of how he sees ... i used to keep a journal , back when it would help me work through my emotions and clear my head . then i fell into a bout of depression . i looked up one day after months of journaling and realized i'd ... 4w5 . emotion ? blistering cancer of the soul . my sx boyfriend . the day after he told me he liked me , and told him i liked him too , he said , i love you . i said , you can't possibly know that . he cried . that is such a 6 dream i laughed out loud while reading it . 4w5 -9-5 , so / sx my dreams consistently have tidal waves which i read is indicative of feeling overwhelmed , although i don't often feel overwhelmed . mostly i struggle with inaction , waiting for the ... '