' intj asshole ... hmm , sarcastic bastard to be quite precise . yes , i simply can't assist myself ... guilty as charged : wink : hey fluffy , did you managed to fill your cranium with piss soaked cotton again ? ... seriously :d ry : with a pragmatic and misanthropically sarcastic attitude towards the life , try to ponder and guess you have at lest three attempts :d ry : his own world : wink : his mental domain : laughing : his natural pondering habitat : happy : when bipolar means always ! ! ! i am quite grateful for the lough , that i received today seriously i was in need of that lough : happy : hey ... check me out , i am constantly depressed and preoccupied with an important matter :d ry : i mean seriously , even at this precise moment i am pondering how to make people start loathing me ... infp oh no no no , an emphatically charged infp battery unit i am vanishing out of here for now :d ry : smoking pipe , cigar , hookah , from time to time on the occasion or during the mood swings . i am not an addictive individual , i am capable of abandoning this addiction any time : wink : no social interaction , because i am a misanthropic and a pragmatic individual : happy : nope , nope , definitely ... noway i rather drop dead then have an attempt to be nice and carrying my mental state prohibits me to act in such a naive and silly manner now there why don't you just ...  humanity is overrated * grins * :d ry : anarcho-capitalism pragmatic atheist by 110 % : wink : heck why don't we just all join together , and build eureka or perhaps even rapture . and every single existing intj on the face of the earth shall be quite exultant ! ! ! i am andrew ryan ... i mainly prefer typing and writing , i simply loathe voice chat i feel sort of uncomfortable with voice chatting : wink : although you can have some satisfaction and entertainment with it , while ... when you suffer from one of the four major forms of depression ! ! ! :d ry : youtube - buster voodoo - rodrigo y gabriela dance fucker , dance ! ! ! youtube - the offspring - you're gonna go far , kid magic or perhaps the force : wink : i play the guitar for six years now , and prefer blues , jazz , gypsy jazz . i simply adore taming my six string musical instrument , let's just put it simply i can't get enough of it : cool : a collage student at the moment , english philology to be precise : happy : english , art , science were my preferred subjects at school : wink : hilarious , i simply adore that : happy : it all depends on what kind of a snuff picture it is , because some peculiar amount of them are just hilarious to view sometimes . as you are surly aware of , i am debating about the hilarious ... everything depends on the situation that i am in , if a particular individual threatens or complicates my ways to my personal goals or perhaps something that i am attempting to achieve . without a ...  okey dokey , then i have just the ideal composition for you lass : laughing : this true as an intj i simply loathe some particular individuals , i ponder of them as mere cockroaches that are in my noble way ! ! ! let me view this now , how should i say this , what should reply ... i select me , me , me , oh yeah and definitely me ! ! ! : wink : i simply loathe faking in front of an extrovert , perhaps that's why i am a quite sophisticated individual being misanthropic and pragmatic . then some of them ask why are you so cruel , by ... that's my term for an intj , that kind of a goes girly on me : wink : 1 . robo hobo to define a robo hobo is a somewhat difficult task . to come to understand these immense and complex ... now that's is one intriguing proposition you posses there young lady , i would be delighted to hear more about it sadly i have my own much more important matters to attend to * bows , and leave's for ... you don't say mr . robo hobo , then what about this particular composition ? ? ? knowledge and wisdom , which is gained during course of existence and experiences in the daily life . a useful tool which assists every intj individual , to seek a solution during a sophisticated ... sir , i would be quite flattered if you could simply enlighten me about the meaning of this particular composition if you please ? ? ? : mellow : and by the way , it's a very nice composition ... summer - 1 . ( casual wear ) jeans , shirt , t-shirt , sunglasses , sneakers . 2 . ( formal wear ) swave suit . 3 . ( domestic ... layla - derek & the domino's variation : wink : classic composition by the rolling stone's : wink : not quite sarcastic ... hey what can i reply not a bad attempt : happy : i just simply can't assist myself , therefore i am a right brain dominated and ambidextrous but prefer to act with a left hand : cool : well sugar my issue for instance is quite the sophisticated one , with my bipolar disorder i only have an opportunity to start making love to a pillow orally let us just say at six or seven in the ... to be quite frank here , yes i too suffer from slumber complications therefore one of my mental states rule is that every minute must be put to use in to some significant activity that i am ... taking a walk to the book store or just simply visiting a musical instrument store , a walk in the park always suffices my individuality alone late at night by simply resembling a sociopath or a ... 1 . individuals , that constantly interrupt my mental pondering , idea flow or my debate with an another introverted individual . 2 . individuals , that are invading my personal space , at the moment ... seriously are you high , i never give nor share my advice for free you must understand if you are good at something , never do it for free :p roud : what social life ... again ? ? ? , i am a misanthropically pragmatic individual the only three major things that i require in my daily existence are solitude , comfort , and peace . are we copacetic ... '