' hello , sadly i have no idea if i remember you or not . - . you caanot even begin to comprehend how much i can relate to this and how much it fits i've been slipping for years , and i don't even know why anymore , just becoming worse and worse of a person each ... everything apathetic , empty and slightly better than usual for venting a bit this looks interesting so i thought i'd have a go ; 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? ... * be me a few days ago * talking to some peeps * * when suddenly sorry younglings , i need to be somewhere * walk into neighboring room and start consoling a crying teen * when she asks how i knew she ... sitting in a dark corner in college , wondering why i'm becoming a bit more of a worse person each day slipping i feel like i should contribute to this thread , but i almost never take selfies and people never seem to take pictures of me ( family included ) , plus , the few that i do have i'm wearing sunglasses ... first meal in three days was ten apple turnovers it was a mistake by the way , i simply forgot to eat for three days and sleep for 5 , so yeah 8/ 10 you seem very narcissistic well , yeah , i hate myself , so if i give out the image of loving myself i just might fool my own brain hot cross buns and grapefruit juice i wonder why i've been so angry lately not really at anyone in particular , just incredibly pissed off at everything . - . watching neon genesis evangelion whilst waiting for my downloads to finish ah got ya ! it's cool then =} ( also love that winston gif ) first part aya sweet , short and flows nicely 9/10 sadly i am extremely against whaling and other similar things , so that part gets 1/10 all in all 6/10 i agree no for many reasons but mainly police brutality i have seen it happen many times and experienced it personally two maybe three times poor coppers , though they deserved what they got . - . all i did ... gets kinda stuck in the mouth , but quite fun to say 7/10 last night i dreamt that i joined artemis and her hunters on the hunt it was interesting and very enjoyable just a few usual said to me what are you staring at ? your eyes are really deep i feel like you're either staring right through people , or so deeply that you're analysing everything ... loving this thread o / / / o re-watching black books you can tell someone is lying a mile off even if they don't i was going to say something but then i got completely distracted by the gif in the signature above dear intp , i'm sorry , i didn't mean to hurt you i forget how different i am than anyone else , and how isolation hurts you to an extent i never thought could , for you anyway ... i know we used to ... a bag of skittles and some skittle milkshake i ate half a gallon of rockstar and three packs of apple turnovers i've just realised i've surrounded myself in lies so much ( for various reasons ) that i'm not entirely sure i know myself anymore walk into a room , when suddenly feels ( most of the time passivly and by accident ) because someone is sad you then go and have an empathic feelings jam so apparently i dress like a hacker ? . _ . what would they even dress like ? sat in college debating the meaning of insomnia wander around confused before leaving with several packs of brown sugar with the self identification problems infjs are meant to have , how on earth did we discover we were infjs ? by winning . - . wondering why enneagrams hate me . - . i can't seem to get quite the right one , either type 7 or 3w4 ? i don't know . _ . energy drinks so many energy drinks and chocolate i sometimes wonder whether certain people raise walls to protect themselves or to protect others from themselves looking around vaguely confused , wondering how i got there i would then possibly get a drink ( if i had any money . _ . ) and leave whilst absent-mindedly wondering how easy it would be to set fire ... staring vacantly at nothing ... and therefore everything o_o wondering what sleep is and how people manage to do it half a pound of peanut butter i don't even like peanut butter , i hate it , like . it's one of the few things i hate foodwise also a cigarette heh , won that bet people are always trying to “ tear down my walls ” and “ figure me out . ” it ’ s the worst thing you could possibly do with me . it ’ s like , did you ever think that maybe i don ’ t have these walls to keep you ... i understand this although that doesn't happen for me , it's still intersting still waiting when being sociable normally ends in a way reminiscent of the above user's signature raisins a lot of raisins waiting to fix my life i must first break it further why isn't meese the plural of moose ? '