' how do people establish deep connections ? i personally respect and don't keep making moral judgments about people , i don't share personal stuff with people , etc . when i find someone like that , if ... i see other people like this too now that i learned more about psychology , marketing and many related subjects ( input - buggy processing - output ) . also from personal experience of becoming ... i'm an optimist in the sense that i frame things in a positive light to feel better and keep myself from getting sick , about facts and outcomes i tend to be very realistic . sometimes i try to feel ... how did you manage to screw up your pc so badly that it is worthless ? you never had one did you ... : wink : are you going to solve that or just complain about it ? : kitteh : i know you will , i have one idea that totally will work : ... i'm usually doing something with my life that is time consuming , if they really need my attention then i will give them my attention , i wouldn't really consider them my friends otherwise . if your ... hey ! my pc isn't serving it's purpose so i had to punch it and destroy it ! : crazy : i think a tick needle trough the chest works too . she will probably love you for it . : kitteh : soccer and weightlifting now . i've bought the weights and taught myself for the most part , used to go to a gym for school purposes . do body-weights exercises also . for food i eat when i go visit ... from what i know of it a schizoid can't form connections with other people , an intj just won't in many cases but can . neither need to be treated unless it's a problem . : rolleyes : am i a ... i'm quite sure you can make someone kill an innocent person and make them have malicious intent with a licit drug which the big majority of the time won't have this effect , the people selling the ... it about using rules of thumb , being lazy , close-minded , wrong , irrational , all the time . more about the first when i was talking about it , its everywhere tough . i'm included in the stupid , ... 1 - i love thinking about it , not discussing it with anyone unless they seem at least on the same level or has a better understanding than me , even then it's kind of time wasted . 2 - ethics and ... i didn't even saw the land was barren . : laughing : just wild guesses to exercise my unexercised paying attention to people skill :D . really thankful for the thread and thanks in advance for the feedback on it . : blushed : lots of color guess a - ... probably they would disagree with what you said but agree with what you think the meaning of it is if they thought the meaning of it was what you think it is . i find morals interesting in a programming an ai to behave like an human kind of way but what is right or wrong seems like a waste of time and the people interested in it usually will have a strong ... heuristics in judgment and decision-making - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i actually came to the forum to post this , was looking for the thread but people are irrational everywhere . :p roud : ... yes , for every type i believe . :d ry : if you aren't close minded he can have 2 kids with a rented don't know what is the name or if it is legal thing ... or adopted if he is actually is much more ... i'm a bit taken back by their incapability of seeing that not everyone one has a facebook account , just everyone they have asked . i think aspies are more likely to be seen as an intj than any other type , sometimes they are very obviously not intj's though . if you know how to read i guess in a day or two your should be able to talk slowly and understand when they are speaking , at least for me it worked , just from watching a series with subtitles in the ... why i think both the develop your strengths and neglect your weakness or develop yourself in a more balanced way are not that well though . i guess these crutches serves well for people that aren't ... see , that's how conversation works , no need for pick-up lines and you got a reason for a date next time john lennon is in town ! “ negative results are just what i want . they ’ re just as valuable to me as positive results . i can never find the thing that does the job best until i find the ones that don ’ t . ” ― thomas edison he was you some time ago , that's how he knows , each dealt with their stuff and different ways and both methods failed . : happy : the alternative is too nasty to post . oh boy ... you can't know if he is a psychopath if you don't know what a psychopath is . they learn from their mistakes ( 100 % correct ) , they have fear but it's theorized that they have less , only know ... i'm usually a degree hotter than common people . : kitteh : edit : celsius . because this thread is now stickied , people before this didn't behaved like the stereotype but a few miss-types like the op though they did to justify their intjness and the difference to other real ... lol edit : i don't like lol , will go back to using smileys : tongue : yep , i was helping someone in a very complex issue - psychiatrists aren't bright enough to figure out things that some scientist / researcher hasn't done already or to integrate all the knowledge in an ... just don't kill anybody ... you don't have to wait , there are much more horrible things happening all over the world right now to better people . it's pretty easy , keep being her friend ... i think i fell asleep midway trough it ... istj , istj , infp . - - - jung explorer test actualized type : istj ( who you are ) introverted ( i ) 58.33 % extroverted ( e ) ... yes an intj would consider to agree or disagree . : happy : also look 30 years in the future ( lower average lifespan ... ) , also see if she was really the girl she was claiming to be , what he ... edit : since i didn't read it first . i know some aspies , they can be quite different from each other , obsessive about a subject is one of the symptoms , he can learn to act like other people ( most i ... i would post that he has aspergers but someone was quicker and delivered in great fashion . : wink : maybe if you were a funny person it would help . :d ry : : tongue : no one mentioned being rude , just change the topic . : rolleyes : there should be something in the entire world that you both would like to talk about . if you keep just nodding and giggling to ... no , i don't blame the bed when i hit my toe . i'm usually very good at gauging people potentials , skills and personalities so no . in every conscious action there is a root of irrationality , ... i like anime , manga and games , didn't watch an anime in 2 years and rarely play games unless i'm with someone that likes to now but i enjoy both a lot . : happy : cosplay never done it , saw anyone ... i can find something fun in most things , what i end up doing more is introverted fun stuff like researching and building up a super complex master plan that i can't even teach anyone that isn't able ... you spent four hours listening to a boring topic , lol , i couldn't stand half a minute of it , you must be really desperate to put up with it . : laughing : you can take then . : kitteh : i would be impressed either way tough . : laughing : i've seen them being able to take kicks to the genitals , i will take you meant the spiritual skills . : tongue : i used to go out with almost any girl that asked me out when i was a kid , when i was a teenager i moved to a city where almost everyone was quite narcissistic in their behavior so i started dodging a ... if you ignore they don't exist . : wink : good luck with your tests ! it's okay , i forgive you . thanks for being so thoughtful about it . : wink : '