' sounds like you have to look at this objectively and ask what's in it for you to stay ? is it worth the pain and hangups you're experiencing ? from my point of view , you need to step back and find ... people usually ask me if i'm angry , actually ... i have resting bitch face , and it's worse when i'm consentrating ... i was bored one day and searching for accurate personality tests , which eventually lead me to taking one for mbti , which then classified me as an intj , and i joined one of their forums , and ... i'm not much of a crier . on average , i'd say once or twice a year . usually it's stress , other times , a story . last time i teared up , i was watching a show on stalking and i teared up when the mom ... never . my great uncle got his fourth degree at 56 simply because he wanted to and enjoys learning . do what makes you happy . everyone else can stow it . not their life , not their business . also , people ... mimic those around you . before you say something think about it , think about whether or not it's appropriate for a work environment and if it isn't , don't say it . either alter it to be appropriate or ... that's kind of like asking if getting my dog food , which is an act that doesn't serve me at all , really , makes me feel more moral , whatever that means . no , i do it because she doesn't have thumbs ... listening to blasphemous rumors by depeche mode and waiting for the last 4 minutes of my thursday work day to pass . depends on the situation and to whom i'm speaking . there are some people who i wish would give more info , though . there are so many reasons people could possibly stare - many of them have nothing to do with you . reasons i've stared at people ( usually accidentally - in the form of my looking at them and ending ... stress and worry is my resting state . it's just part of the si / pattern seeking tendency that i have . i think your isfj is likely similar . i worry about work relationships , too , because you ... love to cook , but hate cleaning up , so so long as i have a helper who doesn't mind doing dishes , yeah , i love to cook and am good at it :D if i'm in public , i don't personally mind a hey , mind if i join you ? it tells me exactly what they want without being pushy . from there , taking interest in what i'm doing or asking how i am will ... nope ... i keep telling myself i'm going to keep one ... and then ... don't ... i sit down to write out my thoughts and nothing comes . without a prompt of some sort , i'm completely useless when it comes ... hehe i relate to sooo many of these ! ! ! if i think one of my friends won't enjoy something i've recommended ( usually a film or a show ) and we're watching together , i take every opportunity to ... the aspca commercials pissed me off so much that i actually wrote a letter and sent it about how while i agree with their cause , to help animals who have been abused and tortured , that their ... might sound strange , but when i'm not feeling pretty , it kind of annoys me when people compliment my appearance . it feels like they're bs'ing to make me feel better , but it does the opposite . same ... just finished listening to a customer's sob story and waiting for an uncomfortable conversation with my supervisor about transfering to a different department - one of those oh , why are you leaving ... sitting at work hoping my transfer gets approved nightmare before christmas . found out last night that my friend had never seen it , and of course that cannot be allowed , so i had to change that . the entire part where squidward is preparing for squilliam to come to the krusty krab and he goes forget everything but fine dining and breathing ... and then the little spongebobs are destroying ... telekineses . with the amount of things we take on due to our difficulty saying no , we'd need it ! do you live with her ? if she's not financially supporting you , then it might be wise to have a sit down with her and tell her that you're an adult and that your life and choices aren't always going ... ask her flat out why are you upset with me ? and then what can i do to fix it ? if she doesn't want to work it out , go fine , then . i tried , you know where to find me when you're interested in ... nope . not at all ... perhaps send a pretty little plant or something ? you don't have to say so , but it's a nice little thing that focuses on life and future instead of loss and past . i adore my intps , but when we get into indecisive loops we can drive the other crazy haha i would bet the first what do you wanna do ? idk , what do you wanna do ? dunno ... you ? no idea , you ? ... i do yoga because it goes hand in hand with bellydance ( which is becoming a dominant hobby of mine ) . it helps my body deal with all of the intricate movements involved . all that shimmying and the ... i may be a bit biased as they are my favourites , but they're all very good :P yep , that was me ! haven't drawn in a while , but i have done a few portraits of her , yes . i'll give my current top 11 . why not 10 , you ask ? because this list goes to 11 . gone with the wind i love love love old movies , especially those which include things that filmmakers can't get ... welcome :) one of my closest friends is an enf = ^ _ ^ = interests : cooking ( vegetarian ) , drawing , painting , sculpture , language ( currently learning german ) , history , culture , yoga , bellydance ... i lived with a hoarder for over 10 years and then my intp best friend and her messy husband , stepson and autistic twn toddlers for 1 year . if i were a neat freak , i would have gone insane by now . ... willow from buffy the vampire slayer . recently watched the whole thing and her reactions to things were so like me it was crazy . she even says things i would say in certain circumstances . i find it and opencourseware useful when i get stuck on my homework and need someone to show me the same material either again , or again in a different way . that way , i can try a couple of different ... had lunch with my grandparents and then went to work haha i was a bit of a wildchild in my teens , so alcohol was nothing new and i'd pretty much given it up . few weeks later , i did go to a bar ... perhaps i didn't specify too well there ( though i did try to be careful ) , i was talking about light / kira's use of the deathnote , not specifically the author of deathnote . on the other hand , i would ... i am going to go against the grain and say it has fi dripping off of it . to operate under the assumption that the writer of the names is right in determing who dies is imo incredibly fi . it puts the ... lol i've spent quite a lot of time around intjs , and no , i don't view them as robots at all . it's funny to me that people ( sometimes including themselves ) do . imo , when it comes to mbti , it's kind of ... i'd send her a text saying hey , i wanted to assure you there's not now , nor has there ever been anything going on between your husband and myself other than a simple , platonic friendship between ... cold , left-over chow mein ... mmm ... that moment when you were nauseated , but it breaks and you feel it melt away ... the similar moment with pain medication kicks in and you feel the pain ... the difference between having a clinically diagnosed disorder and self-diagnonsense . the decision to remove aspergers as a diagnosis and call all of it autism spectrum and how it affects people ... * reads this as she considers putting “ it's not stupid ... it's advanced ... “ as her siggy ... :d ry : well ... i guess i'm going to have to get used to people thinking i think myself superior , even ... ^ seriously ... i have to wonder if the op has ever addressed this issue with the supposed isfjs in question , and how sure the op is that these personal space invaders are actually isfj ... the new carrie :D i tend to be overly blunt , honest and occasionally brutal when giving my opinion . my friends and loved ones know that they shouldn't ask me how i feel or what i think about something unless they ... i'm by no means an advocate for any life style . do and eat as you please , i'm merely saying that if someone feels bad about eating meat , there are alternatives . they aren't forced into it . perhaps , but it's not like meat / animal products are the only source of protein . if you feel that badly about it ... why eat it at all ? also , most conventionally farmed and fattened animals have other animals as part of the feed they're given , so for the most part , no point not ... i'd probably run my class like a college course . the class layout would be on the syllabus - all the homework assignments and test dates written on that piece of paper , and it's their ... '