intj isfp they have been taught to live a lie have you notice a pattern in how the u . s . a enter ww1 and 2 right . they are going to sacrifice peoples lives on a ship and that is how that it could enter . if you believe the illuminati , they got ... paulina enfj dash esfp jack fenton xntp maddie fenton isfj i think all that abuse from lucious messed him up a little bit . i think he is infp 9w1 4w3 6w7 . i think that is the real hakeem . hakeem istp luscious esfp hakeem now gives me an isxp vibe strong se i can see why father is often typed as xntj i thought ufeffthe exact same thing about father xntp of some sort . what you say makes sense because i thought he was an enfj 3w2 8w7 7w8 sp so because i do not see him as esxp 8 , he would have been gradually starting to ask himself questions throughout ufeffthe season ... why do you believe that tai is enfj as opposed to esxp why do you say matt is isfp why did you type ken as intp as opposed to inxj why do you believe that tai is enfj as opposed to esxp why do you say matt is isfp why did you type ken as intp as opposed to inxj he is not an xntj at all . i do not see him at ni dom if he seem to be an enfp . will infj cornelia esxp enfj irma esfj hay line esfj or enfp t isfj phobos entj nerissa intj blunk entp intp why do you believe inuyasha is istp goku estp vegetable istp penelope infj or infp neyla istp why do you say ryoko is estj i think ragyo is enfj or entp i.tj 5w4 sx sp one big weakness of entjs and exxj is that they do not spend lot of time questioning themselves they just decide what is just and what is fair and just act . another problem with entjs is that a lot ; ... rarity entj she is an estp 3w2 sp so nicki minaj is esfj 3w2 sx sp click here for more info but when he betrayed his friends and then was betrayed , he felt like garbage and when he felt bad that fluttershy was her friend an he acted stupid that seems like fi i think that last main villain is entj while discord is enfp if i were to use socionics , you would be right . i think joey would be estp mai valentine entj succumbing to her inner isfp kaiba entj pharaoh anime version enfj magna infj movie enfj yugi into ... what type donyou believe that anzu is why do you believe that stem is entj type to make extra cash | connect direct link type to make extra cash | bookmark tangle type to make extra cash | join bookmark twightlight sparkle inrp type to make extra cash | clear bookmark if you want ways to make some extra money on the side , then i suggest to you to try typeathome.com . all you have to do is to pay a certain amount of money for the three positions ; part-time cost ... well you can say that all of the judging functions ti and fi looks the most intuitive due to the shade of grey in their area and that is why perceivers , who are focused on ti or fi might think they ... i can see why you said lelouch is intp , but you forgot that intjs can wonder in their own mind as well if they do not focus their the to get results as well , but it does make sense . could light ... enfj ratigan orichimaru naruto joker from batman rises infj darts from yugioh infp zatch's brother enfp sasuske from naruto either way , she gone wrong . after gakuto got his head shave , he looked kind of entj to me at points . ryoko from tenchi muyo esfj tsasami xsfj mioshi esfj kiyone istj grandma intp tenchi dad ... mari could be infj because i have notice that meiko might have weak ti as opposed to fi inferior in trying to correct her boss , but her loyalty seems to get in the way meiko might be esfj 2w3 or 6w ? if we are going to talk socionics , then hints and tsubaaki from naruto and soul eater are either enfp or istj , but i doubt that prison school gakuto entp chiyo infp meiko estj blue hair guy xstp mari intj blond girl enfp estj principal estj enfp voice of the soul by death enfp voice of the soul by death exfj i get pissed off at people i have never met as an uninteresting people , but some are entertaining . i am mad at the fact that these people who i have never met as some of the worst people i ... exfj i get pissed off at people i have never met as an uninteresting people , but some are entertaining . i am mad at the fact that these people who i have never met as some of the worst people i ... i mean why do you type kyle and stan te fi why ? izaya is more like 4 so sx