' are you shitting me ? he's so type 7 its not even funny . esfp 7w6 . end thread . chenk a democratic party shill ? apparently you have never seen tyt . voluntarily left a lucrative job at mscnbc to not be one . they have been on obama's ass from day one , they have ripped the ... enfp is obvious . i think his tritype is 4w3 - cp6w7 - 8w9 sx / so or something close to that . core 4w3 without a doubt . chenk is an enfp , just look at his bradley manning speech and wolf pac videos . cornell is flaming extrovert that stink's of ne . he's a goddamn esfp . istp ? don't make me laugh hahaha , then i guess you never hear it . but really ... you use my manners as an escape . your fragile ego can't handle the truth . au contraire , i am a nice guy . i just that i can't stand bullshit . it gets on my nerves , it eats away at me , keeps me up at night . that is why swordsman of mana makes my blood boil . ... seriously , you don't know wtf you're talking about bro . always talking out of your ass . if you had spent 5 min ... 5 min of a feynman interview you would have known that feynman is as ... ohh yes they do . its a bunch of hacks and wannabe experts running the site . seriously .. you don't know wtf your talking about . typing by eyes ? are you fucking stupid or are you trying to troll us ? how come that didn't work oput for you ? since you have had such ... both are enfp's it's just ct being silly cunts , nothing unusual here . anyone who has seen the documentary about bill hicks life knows he's a enfp . using a person that they mistyped as a reference ... of mana don't be a goof . typing by gaze or facial expression is absolutely ridic . only bums type that way . anyways jon snow is an istj according to everyone that has read the ... so enfp it hurts entp as entp gets . that anyone could even suggest entj makes me shake my head in disbelief . clearly you haven't read surely you're joking . what te are you talking about ? qoutes ? are you ... what ? pretty sure he's an enfj , don't know what dr strange you are talking about but entj or intj is way off . hahaha , that's rich ! you don't know many enfp's do you ? you obviously don't understand the theory and the functions very well . entp's and enfp's share the same dom / inferior axis . stupid ... i have discussed this with friends and we came to the conclusion that ne doms would survive the longest due to our adaptability and improvisation skills . improvised weaponry , ability to throw ... ohh plz ! rick : esfj shane : estp andrea : enfp dale : enfj glenn : infp herchel : suspect isfj darrel : istp merle : estp counterphobic 6w7 anyone who has ever seen a documentary about his career and life would know that the guy is a clear cut enfp type 7 . what wing i don't know . the only reason people type him as a entp is because ... are you kidding me ? show me anywhere where he he shows a speck of dom te or even aux ni . leader ? barely ... and his leadership style isn't even close to what a te dom's would look like . i would say ... enfp 7w8 .. end thread ! plz tell me how you can possibly type tarantion anything other than ne dom . i would say enfp over entp due to tarantino's ... obvious enfp 7w6 . but ofc ... he's a comedian that must mean he is an entp right ? can someone plz tell me why he is an entp other than having dom ne ? enfp , pretty obvious .. it is pretty much the consensus . quantity over quality ... that's the reason why both mine and your skype group died jabber . now when it has been resurrected , try to keep the turds from the punch bowl . end thread : obviously enfp 7w8 there are a lot of characters being mistyped here . let me throw in one of my favorite fictional enfj's and one of the most accurate portrayal i've seen on television : jordan collier ... biggie is a mystery but i suspect him to be introverted . hopsin , he seem ne dom to me with his flow , word playing and energy . immortal technique , ( this will be controversial ) enfp . people always ... sorry to tell you , but kendrick being intp is silly . have you even heard his albums ? section 80 ? good kid m . a . a . d city ? no ? then wtf are you typing on ? him being analytic ? so intp's are the ... have barely ever met a person irl that has taken me in a debate , and when it happened it was most certainly not a intj . i actually got involved with subject because of a couple of friends testing ... maybe you should read the rest of the thread where i elaborate on my points . also , it seems you stuck up on the tardiness part of the op . i wasn't a vital part of the argument but ... i'm just gonna leave this here ... my reaction to that : because you fell for it . you actually thought i was being serious when i made it soo obvious . gotcha ! i did , but how am i , as an man ... supposed to know .. that it's a reality tv-show relating to glee ... i see glee on the title i run the other way . wanna know why ? because i'm a goddamn man ! first off all .. why would he have inferior fi ? dom te isn't about relationship , it's about structure , order and logic . yes , he does act like a hard ass on the show sometimes , but he plays it up ... celebritytypes.com ...  a intp with dependent traits ... now i have seen everything ! are you seriously going by celebritytypes.com ? she was a english teacher at 16 ... glee ?  she cut off a lock of hair when glenn asked her for it . she had sex with a stranger in a bar who is the father of her last baby . she impulsively agreed to a fundraiser simply to meet henry ... battered wife syndrome ? sfj women make tend to make the best house wife material due to fe / si si / fe ... sadly enough she was a horrible house wife . she was lazy , emotionally distant from her kids ... weak comeback bro ! you're the one who watches sonny chance with demi levato ... a show written for tweenage girls . as a 18 + year old none the less . aw heeell naaw ! off the wall ? the guy was a classic go getter in the beginning of the show . showed the classic se competitiveness and drive . no way does he show dominant ne as you suggested ( entp ) . the thing ... your man card has officially been revoked when i opened this tread i thought you meant introverted thinkers as in ti dominant . when you talk introverted thinking people are going to confuse it with ti muhahaha , i can't stress enough that ... don is impossible to type because the writers have thrown in all kinds of trait . sometimes he seems intuitive , sometimes he seems to be a strong te user . he's a composite character . no way ... after finishing the show he is neither . he completely transformed after from season 3 to season 5 . out of every type he is by far not close to a ti dom . don draper a ti dominant ? doubt it . ... ohh really ? this is what i said in the post above i said i think he's a psychopath . and yes i got mixed up with sociopath / psychopath since reading sociopath next door and the ... '