' before i was born . i have this strange suspicion that i'm awesome , but almost all evidence points to the contrary =( it's not just the worship of money that i view as the problem . it's the devotion to comfort as the most worthwhile goal in life that i find deeply disturbing . money itself is only a means to an ... worry about it ? i look forward to it . when you were able to use statistics to about the harmlessness of marijuana to convince your parents to let you smoke right in front of them :) i'm strongly apolitical ( as opposed to merely indecisive ) . i've been through liberal , anarchist , communist , even conservative phases in my life and i realize now that every single political ideology ... too lazy to look up how many syllables are in each line on the bright side , there's always menopause ! ... actually that doesn't sound too appealing either t . t whenever i'm around other people and not extremely uncomfortable / terrified , i start thinking i may be an extrovert ... it's not about understanding concepts . i understand fe perfectly well , but my it is not my preference ; unless i see some desperate need to develop it further , i will pretty much keep on avoiding ... i ate nails for breakfast once . without any milk . no , i'm below average in all social situations . ( for the record , when i was 12 my mom would drop me off by myself in the middle of town and make me go buy stuff because she was so afraid that i ... i'm still waiting for that hogwarts acceptance letter ... you know you're an intp when you look up in the notifications box and become disappointed because all you got was a bunch of stupid ... i don't care enough to give an answer . well it's not that there are entire chapters devoted to the direwolves or anything , but there are a lot of subtle things in the book that help develop an emotional connection with them . sansa feeding ... i'm loving the show so far . however , there are a few things in particular that i don't like . first , catelyn is much easier to empathize with in the show . in the book , i remember initially ... i looove you jesuuus chriiist the social aspect of mmo's is tiresome , no doubt , but what led me to quit was really just the nature of the genre . kill 100 things , get + 5 boots of awesomeness , level up , but oh wait now you've ... i am almost physically unable to tolerate happy music . with some notable exceptions like the beatles , bob marley , etc . no . you might have an above-average fe for an fi user or vice versa , but the two coexisting as your dominant function is inconceivable . fi is all about personal values and ideals , whereas fe focuses ... i still think noam chomsky is an intp . agreed except for karma police - it seems to be some sort of parody of authoritarian fe users to me . ( isfj maybe ? ) you're going to end up as some sort of fucked up anarchist revolutionary . made me feel warm and fuzzy inside .  ( the lyrics in the beginning of the song really strike a note ... popular songs ? eww ... why not have a generic music typing thread ? ( * first person to mention that radiohead are massively popular gets smacked * ) the first method of thinking is still flawed . set dates are never a good thing . :p while there may be no type that fits the sociopath steoreotype perfectly , i'd say istp comes the closest . though at the same time , they are definitely thinkers ( pretty obvious as they feel no ... great article . serves as a reminder to stay as far away from fe users as possible :p i was wondering , though , is fe only manifested in social situations ? i often feel a strong emotional reaction ... intp - the stoners opinion or not , it's an article i was linked to from the front page , and calling people whom you disagree with bitches is rather offensive . i'm against reproduction in all cases and pro-abortion ; ... trying to pigeonhole each of the 6.9 billion people on the planet into 16 exact stereotypes is absurd . not every intp's cognitive functions are in the order of ti ne si fe - if you think that's the ... i stopped reading at the teenage bitches who abort . if you were referring to women who were ' bitches ' for some other reason who just happened to choose to have an abortion , i apologize . otherwise , ... my true personality never has a chance to emerge around other people . everybody i know , even my so-called friends would dislike the actual me . yes , i've gotten use to wearing a mask in social ... gandalf is an intp at heart , i believe . he is a pretty clear perceiver throughout the hobbit and the fellowship of the ring . his affection for the hobbits that has been pointed out seems to be more ... i love learning languages and also the study of linguistics as a whole . right now i'm simultaneously learning ancient greek , latin , and icelandic . i'm also planning to eventually study at least most ... - the intellectual masturbator - what are your opinions / views on intjs ? i like how they think and i admire their efficiency in getting things done , but getting along with them on an personal level can be difficult for me ( at ... good site but the infj section is pretty screwed up imo :p chomsky is definitely intp , and i've always pictured jung to be intj . it's also pretty damn amusing seeing hitler , khomeini , and bin ... tvtropes also google i agree , definitely istp . i'd be more interested in the types of other characters . i agree with faye as estp , what about jet ? that one is hard for me ... he generally is pretty passive and ... i used to feel the same way , but tvtropes has made me realize that even the best and most original movies use tons of cliches . it's pretty damn hard to avoid . just fyi , neither intp's nor infp's use fi . both have ne shared as a secondary function , and the primary function of intp's is ti . i don't think there is enough information to tell which type you ... username : favorite radiohead song avatar : favorite radiohead album * spoiler alert : i kinda like radiohead ;) * i agree that the op came off as being quite rude ( hearing an infp call everybody around them too stupid for their taste is definitely a first ... ) , but i can't say that i don't relate . it's not a ... there's absolutely no proof , so it is a falsity at this point . significant evidence would have to be presented for me to accept the possibility of such a claim . on a different note , i wish that ... offend an intp by calling them organized . our conceptions of ethics are based purely on emotion ; e . g , i'm mad at somebody but i don't punch them because the mirror neurons will fire off and i'll feel bad about it . tell me , if emotions ... if we're talking about ' logic ' in terms of finding the truth and making objective decisions , then no , feeling is not nearly as effective as thinking . i agree that that quote doesn't make any sense at ... i cry at the end of cheesy action movies when i realize that i will spend my entire life alone in my room and will never get to be a badass superhero / martial artist / soldier / space marine / whatever . on ... '