hey , that's my song ! : crazy : this is my other song : always a woman by billy joel she can kill with a smile she can wound with her eyes she can ruin your faith with her casual lies and she ... i was massively involved in any club or activity i could be in . i didn't like to be at home , so i made it a point to be at school . drill team / dance team track yearbook theatre chorus national ... i don't prefer to receive gifts . i enjoy buying gifts for children ... usually scientific / educational ( or in the case of my brother-in-law's kids , annoying to the parents , lol ... how's the slushy ... i've taught for 3 years at the secondary level . i don't teach anymore in part because my teaching style is not ... shall we say ... appreciated by the pansies we are churning out of the system . i ... i am proud to say that i had to look up the original video on youtube . i know who gaga is , i just do my best to avoid her work . i made it half-way through the music video . she's nothing but a ... youtube - i wont back down this has always been my theme song . i'm not much of a protester as demonstrated in the video , but i don't believe in non-violent protest ( see : condoleeza rice talking ... go as a doctor . all you have to buy is scrubs and a fake stethoscope ( if you have an emt or nurse friend , borrow theirs ) . not only will you be comfortable , your urination problem is negated . ... it's worse than absurd . it's vile . also , it is a perfect example why i stopped listening to rap / hip hop in my very early 20s . i grew up . eventually even the hottest people end up looking like that , though ! also , if you want to have ( only ) those standards , you have to warrant those standards . there are only two ways of doing that - ... i taught english for 3 years but i never really enjoyed it as much as history . english was my minor . trust me , teaching english is by far worse than learning it . imagine having to read ( and ... sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do ... i'm going to go with a . it is entirely possible that it is b , buti think it is healthier for you , curious , to just write it off as coincidence . that way you don't feel compelled to start looking ... <--- lioness 8w7 ... this would have been a working definition of hell for me . i would like to know what it is about women that makes them so catty ... personally i have never met a catty entj ... bitchy , yes ... but i can ... both - 60/40 in the favor of street smart . then think of it like constantly opening the oven while something is baking . you're only letting the heat out and decreasing the likelihood of a delicious outcome . just let it continue to bake and ... what wiarumas said . entjs - male and female - are completely turned off by games . by sweating this too much , you may ruin it . stop reading into his every move and just be yourself - - the person ... i think the douche-bag detector comes standard on the entj model . this detector also reliably picks up on dumb-asses and con-artists . i observe paralanguage , try to read into people's intentions . i like to try to figure out what a person is like when no one is around . i look for idiosyncrasies , i imagine why people choose to wear ... welcome to the board . have fun . yes . and where do i spend my gold ? i've poked around , but i cannot seem to find it . you know , i just had another issue with the drama between her and her friends today . she came to me saying that a girl told her she had to give her some of her barbie toys or else she wouldn't be ... this isn't my thread , so unlike soul searcher , i don't feel obligated to be gracious . you weren't being smart . you were being rude , used poor grammar and spelling , and your post generally went ... good point . david brooks wrote an article about this very point called the genteel nation . definitely worth a read . it's a definite possibility , i would think . entjs and infjs should do well together on the face of it . i would continue building a good rapport with your entj . continue to demonstrate competence and ... i can highly relate . even my husband says he didn't marry me because i am fun . i think gregarious is a better description for entjs than social . i've always admired the entrepreneurial ... i think bowden was using hyperbole to make a point . the paradox exists for the entj . the more an entj acts contrary to their inherent temperament and second guesses his / herself , worries what others ... that almost seems zen . okay , both my husband and my daughter are isfps . i have a high regard for y'all . but i have no idea , sometimes , how to work with my little girl . she's in 3rd grade - sometimes she acts like a ... yes , but for me i think it's a result of trust issues stemming from lady entj issues . i just don't dig what most other women do ( scrap-booking , shopping , baking , celeb-gossip , anything that has the ... perhaps you may not prefer it or enjoy it , but would still perform well ? it brings to mind the person that is good at math but despises the subject ... what is required to become a full-time witness preacher ? education ? experience ? a combination of both ? are both genders permitted to be preachers ? for this are you granted conscientious objector status ? can your young men legally decline to enroll in the selective service ? i think entps are visionary entrepreneurs , and a good pirate is an entrepreneur who knows how to drum up cash and weasel out of trouble . no one ever said that people wouldn't get hurt while following ... good explanation . i can definitely understand how celebrating holy days on days that once were pagan can be objectionable . i've seen some attempts to justify it , but the best explanation i have seen ... my great aunt was a jehovah's witness . why did she never celebrate any holidays ( including her birthday ... but she always accepted a present ! ) ? is anything celebrated ? i love stress . but too much of a good thing can make you sick . i have been stressed before at work . it took a monumental level of stress for me to act the way this guy is , but i get it . i have to ... entp ? estp ? something else ? just manic enough yeah , the social awkwardness comes when you crack a joke that you couldn't help even though it was in very poor taste or said something so insensitive you are amazed at yourself ... or when you would ... over the knee spanking is fun when it is spontaneous , genuine and not contrived ( i'm a bit of a masochist ) . i don't like paddles or anything crazy . maybe because i am a female entj i like the idea ... i'm shaking my head and laughing right now . how i like to define intelligent : intelligent | inˈtelijənt | adjective having or showing intelligence , esp . of a high level : annabelle is intelligent and hardworking | an intelligent guess . • ... first of all , it seems clear that i am not a troll . after all , have i resorted to obscenities because i don't have anything better to say ? have i attacked anyone ? no , dear boy . i answered your ... there you go ! physics is an in-demand skill . fashion marketing ... not so much . : crazy : i guess the point that i am making is that there should be better guidance for students in selecting their ... i have a bs . i was a teacher for 3 years but could not afford to pay on my student loans ( because i was a teacher for 3 years ) . i have enlisted in the army for 4 years because they have agreed to pay ... the people helping the priest at the altar are called altar servers . i've never heard of them getting paid . this thread has gotten weird . excellent . well done . i am thoroughly impressed .