' been a while 3866423866 5038665838 6663866 82 enfp . while i'm a rational decision maker , i'm great at connecting and emphasizing with others . i can definitely be a social chameleon . any type 9 entps out there ... ? ( i feel like he's a 9w8 , ... there are challenging , fulfilling jobs in every industry . you just have to find your niche . unfortunately for entps , those jobs are rarely entry level . i'm not an accountant , but i have a ... considering that i just quit my boring , repetitive job to couchsuft in seattle for a couple days , backpack around hawaii island and then go skydiving near honolulu , no , not at all . thank you for stroking my ego . i didn't need it . lol i haven't posted here in ages ... prague , czech republic 183642 1836 58 183666 1836 74 when you get out of your car to snap a picture of an awesome entp license plate :) 163090 i feel you . one of my closest friends ( an intj ) moved 5 hours away to california for a job , and another close friend ( enfj ) moved to austin , texas to start his own business . i used to think i would ... people should strive to do what they love , because competition is healthy for the economy . however , you must accept that there is always going to be inequality . not everyone has equal opportunities ... i especially feel this around the holidays . i love my family , but i cannot connect with them on an intellectual level . i usually just play along and half pretend like i'm interested . sucks :/ i'm currently obsessed with : practicing my piano skills psychology iphone 5 news ! student organizations at my school i just began this book called brave new world . it's amazing . i will probably ... i'm in the middle of completing my bs in business administration ( emphasis in finance ) and psychology . no , i believe it's an iced mocha of some sort . bubble tea is amazing though . i fortunately work a few miles from one of the best places to buy it in saint louis . the phone calendar really does help . usually when i plan things too far in advance i get distracted or come up with a better idea and my plans fall through . if i have an important appointment or ... tarantino is one of my favorite directors of all time . that woman is hilarious . thanks for the laugh ! the notion of intelligent eyes is very subjective , however i can always tell a lot about a person by how expressive and inquisitive their eyes look . i'm deciding between the fields of behavioral finance , industrial organizational psychology , and internet marketing . i also want to start my own photography business , practice financial therapy , and ... i guess i fit the stereotype . 5 ' 7 and thin . when you hack the speaker system at a local cafe and play a tasteful arrangement of nyan cat , trollolol , one direction and a musical version of charlie sheen's winning . edit : my encore was still ... intelligence and confidence are the main qualities i look for in a partner . i used to think personality could compensate for lack of attraction , but it's difficult enough for me to feel romantically ... parties are rarely intellectually satisfying , however i naturally want to meet new people . usually , i don't go to a party with high expectations and i just try to have an awesome time . occasionally , ... swearing ? absofuckinglutely slow down ! you're going 15 miles over the speed limit ! i lived with an infp before . i'm sure she wanted to kill me by the second week . when i'm at home i usually spew absurd ideas and talk about them enthusiastically . it drives people crazy . be ... are you stalking me ? o . 0 because seriously , these are spot on . might i add : - when you spontaneously travel to a new place by yourself to explore and meet interesting people . - when you have a ... i know i'm hot . be jealous ! country of origin : us country lived in the longest : us nationality : on my mother's side , german , norwegian , chinese , irish . i don't know my father . urban / suburban / rural ( when you were ... wow . very , very accurate . i constantly search people who share my thought process and spontaneity , often at the cost of those close to me . i guess you can say i deprive them of attention because ... most of my anger emulates from my lack of patience and impulsivity . just this morning i was so enraged by a driver who had nine opportunities to make a left turn but decided to wait until the road ... i've never been entirely satisfied with my partners , and i have a difficult time accepting their shortcomings . i especially look for spontaneity , intelligence , independence , and maturity . i can't ... getting hired at an interview . agent blackout : 5w6 / 7w6 , 9w1 , 4w5 , ( sx / so / sp ) psyphon : 8w7 , 7w8 , 4w3 / 3w4 ( sx / so / sp ) jabberbroccoli : 7w8 , 3w4 , 8w9 ( sx / so / sp ) dark romantic : 7w8 , 8w7 , 4w3 / 3w4 ( sx / so / sp ) meritocrat : 7w8 , 8w7 , 4w5 ... your aspie score : 32 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 176 of 200 you are very likely neurotypical still procrastinating on my taxes - . - i can relate . sjs , in fact women in general , seem to be intimidated by me . i find it difficult to connect with women on an intellectual level , given they even tolerate my sarcasm , disregard for ... trying anything and everything to procrastinate doing my taxes . i can't imagine not having duel monitors , since i always have a ridiculous amount of windows open . multitasking is my speciality ... ( probably because i always get distracted on the internet ) i can ... 1 . does intellect attract you ? absolutely 2 . do you care if your mate is smart ? have you ever dated down ? unfortunately , yes . i was having such terrible luck finding a guy who could ... i try to . on a rare occurrence i procrastinate or don't have enough time . if there is any chance i could get an extension and turn in quality work , i take advantage of it . i hate settling for ... i didn't read the question thoroughly and answered no , so i thought i would elaborate . my mother suffered from paranoid schizophrenia and had a very distorted relationship with me . she believed i ... sociopaths and psychopaths are both subcategories of antisocial personality disorder , so they are both categorized by lack of remorse and disregard for social norms . sociopaths are generally more ... in this situation i would consider simple cost benefit analysis . does the convenience and additional motivation that comes with having your own office ( benefit ) outweigh the cost ? don ’ t rush it ... if i'm in line and need to be somewhere , i find it rather effective to charm the person in front of me ( usually a compliment or asking the time , and this initiates a conversation ) and they usually ... here is a chart illustrating the correlation between big 5 and mbti . scroll to the bottom of the page . i happen to be an scuei . ( i always ... when there is always a more efficient way to do something ( which may or may not involve manipulation ) when you forget that you left the coffee cup on your car and drive away , only to discover ... 26 . i'm having a horrible week . the test is very ambiguous . i'm interested to see how i will score on a more comprehensive test . paranoid | | 10 % schizoid 46 % schizotypal 46 % antisocial | | 58 % borderline | 14 % histrionic 30 % narcissistic 50 % avoidant 22 % ... learn from yesterday , live for today , hope for tomorrow . the important thing is not to stop questioning - albert einstein to succeed in life , you need two things : ignorance and confidence - ... i always get chaotic neutral . i copied and pasted this from the personality test forum . i'm a 3w4 your score is 28 your score for authority is medium your score for self-sufficiency is medium your score for superiority ... '