' school is busywork . it doesn't help you grow as a person . i know that as a teenage infj anything that doesn't help you grow as a person feels like a complete waste of time , but try to remember that ... no , the hospital reported minor abrasions . one nurse's testimony in court reported significant trauma and she was exaggerating . - click link - ctrl + f trauma - read comment that didn't happen . not even close . yes , you were mistaken . that topic is insipid . and your treatment of it is binary and simplistic . enfp type most likely to invent a new word and use it in casual conversation for some reason i thought this was about people who cut their wrists in a line across rather than along the vein . i want to like your post except i find this part maddening . how could pleasure / pain be seen as a reasonable basis for morality when so many abundant truths refute it ? for example , the utility of ... that is not true . death is not suffering . dying is usually ( but not always ) suffering . then there's scavenging etc ... plus , try teaching a sentient creature without intentionally causing it to ... i think i want you now . 1 ) the dark knight 2 ) the prestige 3 ) interstellar 4 ) dunkirk 5 ) memento 6 ) batman begins 7 ) inception take command . you know exactly what needs to be done . make it happen . nothing passive-aggressive or pointing out i told you so when people make predictable fuck ups . fix the problem . if ... yeah probably . doesn't seem to have it in him to be violent , but self-restraint doesn't seem like his thing either . probably touched them . 1 ) high school 2 ) college 3 ) work 4 ) middle school it's hardly possible to be more busy than i was in high school . 1998-2008 especially 1998-2004 you're asking for your infj to let you have the monopoly on being a goof , on being soft and gooey and fluid and wet . that leaves her dry . and that can work okay at the start because infjs are slow to ... born in 1990 . earliest memories are from 1992 . first clear year is 1998 . first fresh or recent-seeming year is 2003 . first year i could actually recall everything that happened in my life from ... come now , would you describe the soul of an enfp as geriatric ? ? lol the strong sense of values struck me as infj over enfp as well . enfps feel very strongly about their values but they also change ... hmm ... yours is hard . the first paragraph is istj on the nose but the second demonstrates the classic infp desire for fe . honestly it sounds like you want an infj who is on the colder side but i ... let's see ... so you want an intj entj fi it's easy to take and share pictures today . cameras are ubiquitous and pictures can be shared very efficiently on social media . people always used to get dressed to the nines when they were ... there are good reasons for that . it doesn't have to be uncomfortable . just listen to the voice in your heart that tells you to love your own people . what doesn't make you stronger kills you . yes but not any time soon . the idea that a citizen is his own master is so deeply ingrained in present culture there's no way we could see a rapid shift back to the idea that it's natural for ... everyone can be irrational when using their feeling function . thinkers use their feeling function less often but are far more likely to believe they are being rational when they do use it . it can be ... simpsons season 15 . that was 2003 . i didn't even bother to post last time this came around . arrogant . gay men who design women's clothing are uniquely positioned to succeed . they tend to be the type of gay men who want to be wearing the clothing they are designing ( if not literally then ... never felt so pumped up by a medieval chant before . do they know you're a woman ? since it's online maybe they are assuming you're a man and so treat you the way men treat each other . masculine environments are not very polite . it is a factual statement because it's equivalent to saying on average , men are taller than women . it is not equivalent to saying all men are taller than all women . the on average bit is ... eat the animals . talk way too much . then vomit . never black out , my pokemon's evs are maxed . if we got rid of affirmative action , no one would think this . there wouldn't be a shred of truth to it anymore . results ? why should there be results ? do you seriously think it's a good idea ... it is only immoral as far as it is dishonest . this is a dog-eat-dog world we live in and you should look out for yourself at the expense of bureaucratic legislation that would otherwise set you at a ... charizard . no apologies for my pleb taste you left out perc is an elaborately disguised dating site . yes , potential is the outcome we have the potential to generate . not necessary the outcome that we get . do we measure a knife's sharpness by how many things it cuts ? is a knife with a very keen ... that is quite explicitly not true , and is the basis of my entire previous comment . what we end up achieving is called outcome . potential has nothing to do with outcome other than they are ... that sentiment would look cute on an motivational gym rat meme on facebook , but it's not true . smart is a measure of potential and success is a measure of outcome . judging potential by outcome is ... nobody does melancholy and bleakness better than jews thanks for the quality response ! i was surprised to see something so well-articulated in the debate forum and then looked at the url and realized this isn't the debate forum . reagan is before my ... 8th grade :( the best year doing a double major across two subjects which have very little overlap isn't the best idea . even if you can manage to keep up with the workload and everything , your mind is divided between the two ... i feel that my opinion is factual . my friend , that is pretending . suddenly i am reminded of why it's pointless to talk to people like you about matters of substance . you do not distinguish ... yes , our opinions do differ . now at least you're being honest ; well , except for the saucy air quotes . there's no need to pretend you have an objectively correct answer to this question . that's what we call just your opinion , man . cosmopolitanism is neither logical nor scientific . but nice try . anyway , yes infj usa post-civil war catholic european immigrants my country is the shining city upon a hill . it is the roman republic reborn . it is the sole force that holds the world in ... '