' i think a possible first step is to realise that you intrinsically have traits that are invaluable . that as a person , you are good because of the things that you have done in the past , and the things ... knowledge is power hence . hey cederbusch , sorry to hear that you're going through a tough time . i can relate to your statement that especially if i get hurt , my mind plays it over and over again . your self esteem or ... - double post - yes , in a way . personally i find it hard to think and feel at the same time , and so i only do one - usually thinking - in daily interactions with others and tasks . i suppose not being in tune with ... thank you chickin_peck . this is just the answer i needed . :) x hello all , i have a question about forgiveness in friendship . if someone has wronged you , do you / should you forgive ? what does it mean to forgive , when you meet them in future , behaviour-wise ? ... 1whoseeswithoutbeingseen : o * intrigued * please do explain re : we know all about our physical anatomy from top to bottom - every muscles every cell - and yet we cannot extinguish certain tiny little ' monsters ' that have plagued people for centuries ? hah . ... wow . i certainly hope you remember this the next time you desperately need a doctor's help . is there something that he is worried about that makes him change his mind so frequently ? - could he be looking for some perfect scenario in life ( which there is none ) ? - or is he ... personally i think both sides of the argument have validity . the solution , from my perspective , is one that requires a middle ground , or proportion - i . e . to establish certain principles as to ... hm ... you're right . not too sure then . i don't see any other viable answer tbh . same i agree that it is this : 693921 hint and solution : hint : analyse horizontally solution : for overlapping squares from column 1 and 2 , remove the border in column 3 i think that feeling can be called ' loneliness ' - what do you think ? social connection ( of an appropriate amount ) is what creates happiness , and everyone ( including thinking types ) need their ... that they don't always follow rules yeah agree with most of the rest ; drugs ain't worth it in the long run in terms of the health impacts . figure something / some fun activities for yourself that helps you relax and unwind . personally ... if both of you are indeed intps , one of you will have to muster up some courage to start the conversation . else , things will continue to decline / stagnate . i know it will be difficult ( because these ... um , nope i've never heard of this idea before . from my personal experience of love i don't think i've ever thought about death of the other person , or the finiteness of life / the relationship , but it ... - i presume they would work via reminding oneself of a belief or aspiration that they have ( or would like to have ); humans are forgetful and life is distracting and can be tough , i guess . eh ; imo ... yeah but if you look at the the timeline they have known each other for 9 years ( i . e . since they were 13 ) , and have been close friends since 6-7 years ago ( i . e . since they were like 15 ) . then op ... and this is targetted towards ? ? :/ lumpofcoal , can i give you a hug . am really sorry that you've had to deal with this whirlwind . if it makes you feel any better , intps are generally emotionally daft so on average , it is ... dreamuur yas , emotional . at least , much more than before xd in hindsight i think that the reason for my initial troubles with dealing with my own emotions is that emotions as a concept is hard to ... i wonder if such behaviour can be explained by the functional stack ? : rollseyes : i think showing that you care , like a text message that states so , will really be appreciated by your intp . if he wants to talk about it further he'll probably reach out to you after that . the ... what your question seems to be insinuating is quite aggravating . care to clarify why you are asking this ? i couldn't help but rofl at this , platorepublic . xd thanks xx perfect <3 xd xd ok , but not distilled water please . distilled water doesn't have minerals . tap water is ok , but only if its potable . if it has high chemical concentrations that would kill you , it will prolly ... hey bhathaway , thanks for posting here and i'm really sorry to hear that you are going through a challenging time . i struggled with depression a few years ago , and now am recovered from it so i ... tbh it could be many things . you'd probably have to judge the situation yourself , based off the details ; personally i have ignored people , sometimes deliberately , sometimes instinctually , and ... thanks everyone for your responses . koconnor 3 bnb madman i agree with you that humans in general live life in pursuit of happiness . my unease is about the implications that follow from the ... i have been thinking quite a bit about emotions , their origin and role , lately . the question what are emotions for ? often crosses my mind , and i'm not quite sure what to make of it . are we supposed ... out of curiosity , what is your mbti , op ? smt 01 relationships are complicated and nuanced so i daren't give any opinions . i do wish you all the best , and i hope things work out :) was it horny ? in order of love : - mass effect trilogy ( can't wait for andromeda ! ! ! ) - assassins creed series ( the art + history * _ * ) - harvest moon ds , and stardew valley ( the latter's mechanics is based off ... news staff as in staff of news or new staff but spelling it ' news ' instead because it is more fun and this is a forum : cool : hahah aww gross xd you've got to press the ne activation button . it's located somewhere around your armpit . hmmm no , but using violence on an individual level to resolve issues is bad and unjustifiable imo ( unless in self defence to violent action . i lie more on pacifistic side of things ) that said , i ... i tend toward 1 . though imo integration and mastery are both needed if you want to push boundaries . otherwise either of the two will still allow you relative success in life :) yes . if you are looking for reasons there are many journal articles out there that discuss this and provide both sides of the argument in detail . you may be aware , waterboarding is considered a form ... since when were guys the default ? : rollseyes : heya . in my opinion it really depends on the tone ; how that sentence was said . i never thought about what we are and just did what felt right and what was right can mean anything from : - ... like a cactus ! like a pretty , pretty cactus . you know , the healthy ones . they are also spiky . and green . hmm . daniel craig is hot . out of curiosity , what industry and job type are you in ? if you don't mind sharing yesyes , agreed with islandlight haha ok . that increases your list of eligible people by ... [ mathematical equations ] 12,533 , 220 people ? not bad . '