' : happy : i'm currently reading the consolations of philosophy by alain de botton , and i'm liking so far . the book , in a nutshell , is a quick romp through a half-dozen philosophers , from socrates to ... for me , what i do when i feel demotivated is attempt to break my big dreams into small goals . i tackle one task everyday , even though i do not feel like doing it . and even if it kills me , what i try ... such a dreamy , lovely song . it makes me feel something so familiar to me , known for many years and i don't know what it is . note , the music video ... i apologize in advance to anybody who is religious , but this has to be a favourite piece of mine when it comes to stand-up . i would even classify myself as religious to a degree , however . ... i don't get the music video , but i don't mind the song as it's pleasant to listen to . i can tolerate psy trance as i dance to it every now and then , so it was decent in my books . ... i feel there is powerful force created within when i allow myself to tap into the energy of desire ; needing and wanting more . the force created , most of the time , provides me with the energy and ... for me , peace is an inner feeling of well-being . it represents a state of contentment created through successful conflict resolution , as well as satisfaction provided by the positive feelings i ... you can't go wrong with hans zimmer , beautiful piece . : happy : the wonderful wizard of oz by l . frank baum , a trip down memory lane . :p roud : sounds melancholic , yet also mysterious . the musician , however , sure has a lot of skill to make the notes blend so seamlessly like that . note , the ... beautiful voice , the end of the song is fantastic . : happy : an ep called the story by fivefold , a rock band from st . louis , missouri . : kitteh : below me is a compilation of quotes from a particular person that has inspired me one way or another throughout my life , enjoy . c . joybell c . x93you can talk with someone for years , everyday , and ... i'm sure i'm not alone , but every now and then , an inner critic in me awakens . that little voice in my head that is being opinionated , judging my appearance , and scolding my short-comings . that inner ... thanks a lot again , and the self-criticism is definitely something that i've been working on minimizing , step by step , for years now . confidence is something i've also been working on , and i've ... you weren't too harsh , it's okay . thank you for taking the time to shed some light on what i thought , or what i once thought now that i actually go through what i typed . it means a lot , and i'm glad ... truthfully , what i would like , sooner rather than later , is a girlfriend . i'm not desperate , but i haven't been in a relationship for four years , and even that only lasted for three months . i'll ... good flow , maybe all is not lost for british hip-hop . : happy : i didn't know olivia dunham sung like that , wow . jokes aside , that wasn't bad . the song had lot of energy , as well as gutsy vocals . : happy : do you glance at the end of the chapter or even the end of the book ? i don't , no . do you read it in small chunks throughout the week or intensely for hours and end up finishing the whole thing ... usher , is that you ? but in all seriousness , lovely song . true love is hard enough to find these days , unfortunately . and there are pains of many types that come from being in love , and this song ... oh boy , where do i start . i'll just list my top 15 for now , off the top of my head . chances are that i'll have films i can't remember pop into my head later on , but here's an example . a walk to ... mali mali new zealand indie band mali mali , inspired by bon iver . intelligent lyrics , raw emotion . : kitteh : i've got two , here they are . mainstream music i'm not the biggest of fans when it comes to mainstream music , and i'm probably not the only one , but the majority of it is terrible . of course all ... in my opinion , love is the law of life itself . it is one of , if not , the most sublime actions that a human being is capable of . love can accompany all , if not , most our fundamental actions . if we ... she laid on the bed , and looked at the ceiling . the chandelier above , enlivening the interior , spreading into a whole spectrum of colour . she used to dream , when apprehensive , about escaping her ... i'm currently reading breakfast at tiffany's by truman capote and so far , it's quite good and i'm liking it so far . i definitely enjoyed the film and love audrey hepburn , so i went ahead and bought ... i was browsing through the literary fiction section at the bookstore this morning before class , and i had a fellow classmate greet me from the opposite side of the shelf i was skimming over . i then ... not bad , just currently listening to music and attempting to finish my assignments that are due in at least three weeks . on the side note , my day was adequate . i went to tafe , a training and ... absolutely , that would definitely do the trick . * big , long internet-sized hugs right back to mr . meepers * :p roud : honestly , all i want as of right now is a good , long hug . not that i'm down in the dumps or anything , but i'm just in want of some solidarity . mainly because apart from my mother and sister , the only ... good morning , afternoon , or evening to all ! so , my mother and i were having coffee at a bookshop this afternoon and we started talking about who our favourite authors were . after a couple of ... i watched annie hall , directed by and starring woody allen for those who don't know , for the first time on sunday . considering that i have seen five of his other films ( blue jasmine , magic in the ... agreed , but i've had the unfortunate privilege of meeting a number of ego-driven , self-centered maniacs over time . same goes for people who abuse both animals and children , it's heartbreaking . ... yes , yes i do . i was born and raised in sydney , my mother being from there as well and my father hailing from new zealand . i also have ancestors and relatives from england , france , ireland and ... i believe that we are all one and nobody is better than anybody else i cannot respect or tolerate anybody who is cruel to either animals or children i do not support war in any shape or form ... i'm currently reading the visitor by lee child , the fourth installment of the jack reacher series . : happy : i'm listening to the playlist j . s . bach - the english suites - andras schiff , a work of art to say the least . i listen to classical music every now and then , but today was an exception as i've been ... i'm grooving to the playlist j . s . bach - the english suites - andras schiff , a work of art to say the least . i listen to classical music every now and then , but today was an exception as i've been ... good morning , afternoon , or evening personalitycafe ! personal ~ name / what do you prefer to be called ? harrison , but you can call me h . g . s . or h . for short . any nicknames ? harry , but ... allow me to introduce myself , my name is harrison , but you can call me h . g . s . or h . for short . i'm a 19 - year-old student from sydney , australia and as cliché as this may sound , what i strive for ... '