' i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... test i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... test i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... i find cooking to be extremely relaxing . the few easy steps that it takes to go from having a bunch of raw ingredients to having one cohesive meal ( and usually in less than an hour ) makes the whole ... hey , congrats . usually the person you are dating is the one you spend the most time with , get to know the best out of all the people you talk to , and also maybe boink on occasion .  ... that seems like a better idea than mine , actually . this is what i was referring to , though : bye-bye coffins , these organic burial pods turn your loved ones into trees edit : that whole sacred ... yes . yes . don't add haha to the end of your sentences without punctuation . that's a good place to start . shpongle is fantastic and your intp friend has great taste . i once visited the gravesite of my father , as i hadn't been there since i was a small child , and i was morbidly curious about it . he had a fairly small headstone and the entire place was pretty ... sorry to hear that it didn't work out . now you gotta go out and find yourself another intp . make sure to open with some good one-liners about how stupid and cyclical life is . maybe show him a ... i don't remember telling you that one . are you currently in my bathroom too ? already mentioned i've had about 10 of these i'm so fucking retarded . epiphanies in my ( nearly ) 30 years . don't worry , you'll get plenty more opportunities to fuck up your chances with women . there's probably a ... tldw : europe and the middle east had animals that were easy to domesticate , making large communities , and eventually cities , possible to maintain . ... speak for yourself . i , for one , engage exclusively in silly things . op , my taste in music varies widely , but i have noticed that i gravitate toward songs in any genre that has a funky beat to ... as much as i appreciate a good sideburn , i think you'd look much better in mutton chops : - is dark matter aliens ? and if so , why are they hiding ? - if 42 is the answer to , what is the answer to the ultimate question ? , what is 43 ? what about 41 ? 42.5 ? - is the recent vampire craze ... being punched in the nose . also when you blow your nose really hard ( had a lot of that the last 2 days . damn you viral infections ! ) when i see somebody waste perfectly good food by putting ... obviously the correct answer here is to saunter into his room naked , and be like , oh myyy , i seem to have forgotten to dress myself . would you mind helping me out with that ? and then just wink at ... congratulations on winning . [ / font ] [ / color ] [ / quote ] you've made the mistake of assuming he will be proactive with this . he initiated this idea by saying , “ i'd like to go there . ” you seemed like you were going to pick up ... under different circumstances i would agree , but this man sounds like a classic manipulator and mental abuser . nobody should be subjected to that sort of relationship , and unless he agrees to go to ... i love you . pleas get divorced and marry me instead . my instinctual reaction to this is that she should end the relationship immediately . red-pillers are generally men who have enormous security issues , and believe that basically putting a ... if he really is an intp , then maybe he'll never ask you , despite wanting to . we're not the most proactive people , after all . don't make it a big deal . just say something like , i'm going to [ the ... my barber giving me unsolicited life advice about a problem that i didn't even really want to talk to him about in the first place . also , it was raining without thunder . rain without thunder is ... the un-evolved part of your brain is just trying to get you to go out and play instead of doing the work the evolved part of your brain knows you need to do . don't let it defeat you . get your shit ... show him that you're an interesting person , and then ask him if he wants to hang out . tell him that you enjoyed being with him , and you want to try it again . be upfront with him , but don't act like ...  most dreams that i remember are just a bunch of random sequences , in which i am myself , in first person . i am usually walking or standing , and almost never sitting . if i start in the dream sitting , ... i'm the same with all of my possessions that hold any amount of personal information . phone , tablet , computer ... nobody gets in those to fuck around . i did not participate in that thread , nor do i see how it is relevant to this one . i am biased against op because she is selfish , childish , and looking for us to validate her actions ( the ones she ... the essential description was as follows : - op's intp boyfriend laid out 3 essential rules at the beginning of their relationship , the breaking of which would conclude in ... i've tried to write a long and detailed post twice now , and my computer has crashed both times . i'm not going to write it out again , but the gist was that you have acted selfishly , childish , and if ... i generally enjoy them . i appreciate their wit and willingness to jab me back when i am being sarcastic , and not just take things personally . sometimes they can be a bit much with the energy , ... customer service affords so many opportunities to annoy people just a little bit . whether it be 4 hidden pieces of tape on your sandwich wrapper , or soup without a spoon , i am a master at making ... from what i can tell , the word is used to describe instances where people think that imposing the thoughts derived from their own ( often imagined ) emotional distress onto a situation improves it . ... life provides it's own natural high , brooo ! you're over-thinking . that's the point . everything is subjective , so why shouldn't your life's meaning also be ? '