' o negative . shots in the ass before and after i spawn , for the lose . the day she gave birth to me , lol . 1 . mmmhmm . 2 . yes i care . yes , i've dated down - i even married it . was repeatedly accused of thinking too much . no bueno . 3 . yes , twice . there's nothing better . 4 . exceedingly ... ah yes . i just love it when people expect me to read minds ... been there too ! when i was in the seventh grade , my mother ( infj ) literally forced me to join either band or choir because i didn't have friends and she didn't think that was normal , lol . she didn't realize i was ... my god , one would think the intj is a veritable boogeyman ... 29 ( fear ) + 39 ( avoidance ) = 68 found this a few years ago . lol @ the itty bitty image . holy crap . i haven't been visiting the forums here as often as i usually do , as of late , so i read antiant's reply here and took a peek at fiona's profile ... seems to be quite the parasitic ... lol one word for the object of your affection : run ! barfs up some adulation and heaps it upon the craniums of the entj type . <3 perplexity is the beginning of knowledge . - kahlil gibran i have learned silence from the talkative , toleration from the intolerant , and kindness from the unkind ; yet strange , i am ungrateful to ... an oldie , but goodie the poopie list bathroom humor at its finest : ghost poopie the kind where you feel the poopie come out , but there is no poopie in the toilet . clean poopie the kind ... very informative . took me a few days to get through it all , but i now have so many why's answered as they pertain to my relationship with my infj ... up to this point , i thought my face would freeze ... this is precisely how i operate , as well . sigh . i was trying to be a little silly . might try asking about my intention rather than jumping to erroneous conclusions and resorting to puerile name calling . kthx . my intj serenades me ! - gasp - ew . somewhere between the ages of 4-6 , i was watching my mother doing her hair in front of the mirror . i noticed her backside was much , much larger than mine : mommy , how come i have a little bottom and ... unhealthy infj ( 9w1 ) mother i believe dad is istp ( also unhealthy ) it's clear he doesn't think either one of you is right for him , or he would have no difficulty making that choice . fantastic . thank you , starri . an informative thread i found and thought relevant to share here . apparently , it's pretty common for nines to identify with fives : ... 9w8 ' s rock . i love the heart of gold combined with the ability to stand firm on their principles . their optimism and affectionate nature just steals this 5w6 ' s tiny , cold , black heart <3 what she said . average to unhealthy 8 ' s also drive me loco en la cabeza . power and control issues inherent in the average to unhealthy 8 and ( what seems to be ) their love of chaos and strife . ... was with an istj for many years . it was more than just his strict adherence to the establishment that posed a problem . it was also impossible to hold a theoretical conversation with them for longer ... the upside of anger , shadowlands , and something's gotta give are three of my favorites . melancholy choleric 7 sanguine 43 melancholy 43 choleric 29 phlegmatic wish i could delete this . will modify and repost soon , hopefully . <-- sucks at emotional expression , and tact ? lol , i hope i'll learn some verbal finesse before i croak . a remote with a mute button i can use on other people at will . peace and quiet . 5w6 . urgh @ the message you have entered is too short . there . that should work now . message too short 37 oh my god , i read this and it instantly left an indelible mark because that nightmare has been reality for me . i can tell you from experience , that is absolutely something to fear . agrees that the time's not wasted if you're enjoying yourself . all work and no play makes this intj a very dull girl . ;-) whether it's board games , cards , hanging with a friend , or playing video ... soon to be ex husband is istj with mental illness . needless to say , we couldn't get along . the one other istj i know i get along fine with , but he doesn't intellectually stimulate me by any stretch ... video games on the pc , read , political news , yahoo politics lobby : 4 , research , and think . indoor cat here . hahaha , rawwwr , babeh : shocked : lulz i've been lol'ing through most of this thread although some have made some seriously seckseh posts . annoying , ain't it ? i think it causes me to be more annoyed at myself for feeling compelled to state the obvious , despite already fully understanding the other side will not likely get it . objectivity does not require one to never formulate an opinion . it simply means i have considered all relevant factors and sides before rendering my own conclusion : wink : the last thing it is for me is a source of pride . the accuracy of the description of my results is what makes me a believer , if you will . i will accept a mere label if it's true and it was , in ... 2 cents from the casual observer ( and fng to this forum , so any erroneous accusations of being part of the good ol ' girls club would be just plain ... wrong : wink :) there's a fine line ... lol beth , i didn't even read the replies til after i voted for the squid ! yus , we are : cool : the spelling nazi within can't resist ... it's tentacle , doggone it ! hehehe >:) qft and tru.dat . like the others , i couldn't begin to presume what's going on in his mind , but his comment regarding romantic relationships with former students speaks volumes . it seems he wishes to remain friends at ... <-- enjoys facebook . i can't speak for every intj , naturally ( yes , i feel the need to preface every statement with the obvious simply because i've noticed the obvious isn't very obvious to most in ... hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy ! : cool : <--- spelling nazi . mental / self romance / significant other family / friends career finances physical surroundings fun / recreation physical self although ... if we intjs are already interested ( without your knowledge , of course : wink :) , we may be more likely to pick up your interest via your behavioral patterns - we are all about recognizing ... i can't speak for every intj out there , but as for me , i'm just not that sensitive . someone merely asking for help wouldn't be something i'd find too intrusive ; it would be far more likely that i ... '