' who would you be ? not your life , but the world . say , a ginormous meteor hit earth and scientists were able to predict it , so the governments of the world set up a plan and put a few teams of eight ... wait , what was that ? oh , i'm winning ? yup . : cool : * supershinesunglasses * :D bwahahaha i shall rule . bwahahahahhaha ! ! >:D i didn't . : mellow : this is what i basically do every saturday night with my paint and hairdryer . xd it's going deliciously . > : i neverr . that gif ... xd phony will not win . i feel you bro . looks like i may have to trash talk my way out of this one ... look ! there's ... trash ! ... : mellow : ... i think i may need to get better at this . oh , and l is awesome . :D i was so upset when ... thank god i know how to run away . : cool : : shocked : thank god i'm a lefty . : cool : i'm ( kinda ) new too . :D * high fives * welcome . :D wait , if we're the most intuitive sensor ... then who's the most sensor intuitive ? gosh i just checked up on the entp's version of this and theirs is so much better . we isfps really need to rev it up . :P misunderstood confused individualistic reticent lethargic your type : isfp infp : i've met a few . one seems to avoid me . the other is in my gym class , and we kinda just smile at each other when we pass by . it's kind of just a mutual , polite relationship ... i'm not ... for me , competition is a foul beast . i feel that it's the center of envy and gives one party a sense of superiority over another . and i don't like it when others feel superior , or when ... i don't feel the same way about you . you're really not all that special . i don't trust you anymore . you're a horrible person . i don't think these are intense enough to be the most hurtful , but they'd definitely hurt me . expectation : athletic , good with colors in artwork , up to date in style and fashion reality : reaction time of 5 seconds , basically colorblind , and i've basically come out of my house wearing pajamas ... dear estj , or whatever you are ( if that typing test was wrong ) , please , just stop . stop coming to me all the time . i've told you already , if there is nothing interesting to say between us , ... i break down under pressure , and my supposed istj friend is fueled by pressure . does that mean i'm not really an isfp ? o-o you spontaneously get the urge to take a walk and breathe in the night air . despite telling your parents 10 minutes ago that you feel lazy and will never get up . i am on the computer . then , i coughed . and went back on the computer . okay , this is the only piece i have , which was drawn last / two ? years ago . ... i tested as infp . then i read up on se / ni vs . ne / si and that determined my fate as an isfp . my ni helps a lot with understanding the intentions of people . i'm too old-fashioned to be that technological . i resent the overuse of phones , so i limit my usage and use it for more practical reasons than the bonuses ( such as video games and whatever ) . not really , i have an intx tutor who helps my understand everythinngg though to the point that class is just basic stuff for me . math class ? please . more like nap time . ( i'm being obnoxious . ) personally , i don't find myself intelligent really . many of my peers actually overestimate my intelligence , mostly because i'm asian . yeahhh stereotypes are a poison and gift ( a poisonous gift ? ) ... i actually don't really dislike anyone to that extent , but when i do feel uncomfortable around someone , avoidance is my answer . i look the other way , walk the other way , and pretend they don't ... actually , i've thought about it and i would get one if i found a symbol meaningful enough to engrave onto my body . i wouldn't get any names , and probably no words in general . it probably wouldn't ... no , i don't . i'm actually pretty good with symbolism in art and i've been told that i am deep . i prefer music without lyrics than music with . i can't live my life only with artwork that is there ... i love your style . : shocked : hi there , can you please change my name to red is the wolf ? thank you ! :D i'm pretty sure i'm not an esfp ... xd i've met two before , and we're nothing alike . they tend to seek out parties , while i look for good books . i'm pretty sure i'm not a dom se because when i look ... my intuition lies mostly with intentions . i can tell people's intentions pretty easily and when they're putting on a mask . i sorta get a sense of their personality within a few minutes of ... i do try to understand subjects , but i sometimes i just .. can't . math doesn't come easy for me all the time and so i memorize it along with the math topics in science . but i understand and make sense ... hello everyone , i've been stressing about my type for a good maybe , 8 months now . i was settled with infp , then started doubting myself and with infj vs . infp , but then i was like nahhh and ... no , i definitely know that mbti is just kind of a guideline to trying to figure people out . i know my estj friend is definitely smart ( smarter than me , actually ) and likes being viewed as smart , but ... okay , i'm not sure how many people are going to reply to this , but i just gotta get it out . my best friend is an estj , but she's confusing the heck out of me . firstly , i hear sensors don't make ... oh , right , forgot about g . o . ' s little cleanliness obsession ... how could i ? xd yes , i have to agree with you on mir then . he does seem more exfp . i'm leaning more towards esfp though , because he ... has anyone typed mblaq yet ? my guesses are : seungho - istj g . o . - estp ? mir - extx ( having infinite trouble with him xd ) joonie <3 - xnfp thunder - isfj someone correct me ? help me clarify ? ... '