' i hate that i am still in love . and probably ever will thanks for your words . i need to talk with my flatmate , if there's a calm moment .. maybe i'm just a bit sensitiv . the other city means the other city ;) i kind of have two flats , because i got a ... i don't feel good in this flat arrangement / sharing . my flatmate constantly uses the living room just as one would one's own room . she only sleeps in her room . unfortunately to get to my room i have ... rollercoaster indeed ! had a super fun evening with some friends and stayed over at a dear friend's flat who will leave the country for some time . we spend the afternoon together with some amazing ... so much better today ! tine to look forward . i am excited about work again ! ( i don't get to whine - i got it pretty good ! ) just cam eback from the very first session with a psychologist . so happy that i finally got an appointment . i cried all the way through . i don't know if it will be ok or if should try another one . i ... ärks ! ! feelings , loneliness , life decisions , friends , self-doubt , insecurity ! ! could my inner cinema just stop playing ? ! why does it always have to this way ? why do i always have to be ... kitty and : thanks a lot for your input ! the problem is there was no real breakup and still if there's any chance i'll hang on for the moment . but in the same time start ... thanks so much for your kind words ! i'm kinda crying now ( here . in the public library ) i will keep your words in mind ! you nailed it . i have my heart broken by this one entp . the one and only guy for me . and it won't stop hurting . we had this intense time and he said some intense things , and suddenly he won't have time anymore for ... i want that . i need that . my entp leaves me in a cold place and i fear he has moved on . not a good time for me where can i find useful information about this ? the sign she need is just as you said : she needs to be sure you have feelings and want to commit . to speak for myself i never will admit to feelings i am not sure they're returned . and for ... so , i called my entp person and it seems like tomorrow will be the big talk . wanted to have it now , but he's on his way to a party ( and i feel left out again - seems like there really is no longer ... saintcirone : i think you're on the right track - she likes you ! don't overthink it ! she's waiting for a sign from your side . when you open up she'll feel comfortable eventually and open up herself ... i made some hints about mbti and personality types a while ago and how it helps me to understand people better , but he despises it . concerning psychology the one and only person for him is freud . and ... peace_be_with_you thanks so much for this comment ! these are the very same problems i encounter in my relationship . they get me frustrated all the time and thinking in that moment if it's all worth ... same here . sometimes it's so hard . but still i am fascinated and can't stay away . i am afraid it will never change and i'll always have to wait and be patient this way you ( unintentionally ) hurt and suffocate people . they might feel dominated and disrespected as well ( oh , there are recent experiences talking here :/ ) they get lost in their projects , so their private life is nearly non-existent and their partner suffer - . - yes ( i hate this 10 characters policy .. ) same here - advice is much needed ! ! as the title says : what's your current profession and how do you see work in general ? what would be the perfect way career wise for you ? can you imagine to work in an office from 9 to 5 ? and how ... it's always good to know about the other side . but please don't withdraw because of those reactions ! you are so right ! i always thought i am socially awkward till i got comfortable with the way i am . but there are still times when i worry and stress myself how to connect with other people . i got ... :/ sure , but i think it was kind of an overreaction . it was a heated and emotional talk .. we haven't talked since then .. don't know . i don't want to stress him . ( he's an entp btw ) it's weird . i tend to forget specifics of conversations , but i desperately don't want to lose them , so written communication is always great . in some days i'll have a new mobile and i don't know how ... me again .. what's your view of the introvert part ? do you like it or does it frustrate you ? great , the boyfriend finally revealed why he's so distanced the last months : he thinks i am depressed and because of betrayal and getting hurt by two close , depressed people in the past he shies away ... great , the boyfriend finally revealed why he's so distanced the last months : he thinks i am depressed and because of betrayal and getting hurt by two close , depressed people in the past he shies away ... ;) this typology .. so reliable it depends . i can forgive a lot and every person is as imperfect as me . i always hope that my failures and flaws are forgiven . it gets difficult when the conflict is not resolved when i and the ... hm .. in parts you're right ; i experience it this way . i vs e can clash like that , but keep always in mind it depends on how much pronounced the e or i is . i can recommend this book by marti ... yeah , most of our miscommunications are because of that . but now i know a bit better how be both tick we can handle the extrovert / introvert differences pretty good .. but as said before every ... i am so pissed of with myself . i cant finish this thesis and time is literally running out . it seems like i finally could get a job and wouldn't rely on my parents ' money anymore . but i cant't finish ... i think i've always fallen between these two and have never been satisfied . i could always empathize with the quiet and shy ones who where often the as you call it ' nerds ' ( we don't have this term or ... this . as they seem to connect with everyone i keep wondering what they see in me or any other person . do you , entps , like everyone or do you just like to talk with them ? um .. i didn't use constellation in any astrology meaning . sometimes it's a bit difficult to pick the right words in a foreign language ;) um .. i don't quite understand this .. they are conflicting and at the same time duals ? i already read that this constellation can have lots of conflicts but when they overcome them they can ... the earth explodes . kidding they get hurt . might be terrible if you don't want to lose them ;) i worry about personal relationships .. being in serious relationship for the first time and then with this fabulous , self-confident person is sometimes stressful :) esl means english as a second ... i just see a lot of similarities between us . we have the same values , humor , possible life choices , interests etc . i am drawn to his personality like never to one before . he often speaks out loud ... why do you think don't they get along ; what are their arguments about and in which way does their behaviour conflict ? i just want to realise if their behaviour is similar to ours .. and i ... i second all of this ! i am fairly new to mbti and enneagramm but i tested 2w1 , 9w1 , 6w5 . i don't know how common or off this is for an infj .. did you have any solution ? what's the current status ? i feel like i am in the exact situation , so your experiences would help me a lot to figure out myself and us ! what's an unhealthy / mature entp like ? i looked at my results again and there's a fine line between infj / isfj . the results in the second category were closer than any other . but i suppose the ... from my side it's just good to know how he works . after some time and reading stuff about entps it's much clearer for me . i never have been close to such a type , so i haven't had an orientation on ... what would these little details be ? and if you don't care about them anyway wouldn't it be indifferent if someone does for you ? funny to see how one can make assumptions because of personality types that are way off and as you see can differ a lot . for myself i a much clearer about why we can get stuck in debates , because at ... guys , this was suppossed to be a thread for good examples ! :P sorry you had these experiences , but it doesn't has to be the same for us here . even if you know one isfj doesn't mean you know them ... '