' gender : female age : 23-33 intelligence : gifted idea adoption : early-adopter mbti personality profile : esfp closest alternative we found : esfj gender is the only thing correct , age is off by ... thank you ! ^ - ^ sorry to hear that ( unless it's a good thing , i hope ) . i changed my avatar recently , and really like this one , too . edit : when i mentioned genetic disorders i was ... why do people who know that they could pass down something terrible / something that can hinder their child's abilities / that could subject their child to emotional and / or physical suffering ? is it ... i can be pretty indecisive at times , but i always like to know all of my options first . if i choose an option it's because i really feel it's the best choice , but i usually have a hard time deciding ... i just got the hobbit today ! :D neither . i have a better solution . i teach her how to pilot , even if it means excessive amounts of time re-explaining things over and over again , and , eventually , when she's capable , i leave ... i think that because sometimes infp's are dubbed oversensitive people expect ( or at least i've heard this a couple of times ) that we react to things with our emotions a little more openly than most ... whenever i'm about to eat something and it falls onto the floor . even if i was holding it firmly . : crying : today we were assigned partners in my ( conceptual ) physics class and each pair had to come up with 3 words that related to electricity in some way . my partner and i came up with electrons , ... i'm in the process of watching naruto , and am currently on naruto : shippudin . * subscribes to thread for book suggestions * don't mind me , i just like to read and need a new series . ( 030 ) / you know you're an infp when you take a test indicating you as such . you know you're an infp when getting up ' early ' ends up being 5 minutes late for work or school . maybe it's just me but despite the fact i can relate to some people on some degree , i tend not to like social settings . the longer i'm there the worse i feel , but it helps if there's at least a small ... i , myself ( when i took the test somewhere last year or the year before that ) actually typed as an infj . i thought about other possibilities and searched other websites frantically in an attempt to ... it's probably my bias that i tend to associate both infj and infp not liking harsh criticism , but i'm guessing because you're on the more sensitive side ( and reading your eneagramm type ) i think you ... definition of caveat yup . i have to subscribe to this thread now . i don't know why , but i tend to find dark eyes more attractive than light ones . to me , people with dark eyes ( vs people with light ones ) seem more agreeable , warm , trusting , or just kind in general ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? - any nicknames ? my name is chloe , and i've only ever had one nickname . bunny , given to me by a friend ( whom i no longer speak with ... '