'     what , if any , relationship is there between donald trump's success and the fact that , throughout the last decade , american mainstream visual entertainment has been dominated by infinite variations on ... educational and inspirational : exterminate : go ahead go nuts go apeshit whats up ? arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying : ' now , it's complete because it's ended here . ' money , ladies and more time to read an write my former ladyfriend and current friend is hangin out with a guy i kinda hate . ugh . :( the age of the essay upon rereading this essay abt the essay just now , i realized it might be the ultimate essay , in that it describes what an essay should do and also does it at the same time ... thanks a bunch , am whether its a problem im postin this here instead of there youtube.com/watch?v=babwbn8umw4 gosh now its why is my embed failin ... hi ! : happy : i wonder if there's a way to measure how often an american male was likely to begin a sentence with the words i feel 50 or 100 years ago vs now . its kinda dorky yeah everyone is out of touch and sold out . there's just no way to really hold public officials accountable . representative government is a good idea , but the system isn't actually set up to ensure ... cuz that piece is arguing a similar thing to part of what you're talking abt . like here : h01113 : jammin : smileys-sunbathing - u might find this interesting what is energy work ? what do you do when youre doing ? how does that happen ? how do you know if youre going wrong ? guys i gotta say , adults who say potty make me uncomfortable . be proud son . thats a legacy . ur responsible for hundreds , maybe thousands of chuckles , grins and eye-rolls from all across the world . u left ur mark . : chat 02 : do mbti types exist in animals ? what is animal consciousness like ? haha yes , op . it didn't help either that i was raised in a closed religious culture that hid the human body at all times and thought of it as an inherently sinful and deceitful thing that's always ... cuz u only need a few . any more would be insufferable . um . aren't you sposed to ask b4 touching me there ? you should play piano son no u . i ador her .  .. but she's still a silly ape . what's she doing ? i don't understand what you're saying here . industrialized countries have peasants too . they just look different than the pre-industrial peasant . i'm a peasant . here's what i'm ... what the fuck are they even doing ? what odd behavior . i've noticed a lot of riff-raff cluttering up this place and distracting me from all of meteoric shadows ' excellent content . if you have the same problem , fret no more . all worthwhile spamworld ... also you should move to wyoming u do watcha gotta do not much explanation needed here . whatever the superficial differences between various human societies may be , all that i am aware of take the form of a pyramid . obviously there will soon come a ... don't worry , buddy . it'll all be over soon . hot video . that walk he does . her eyes .  so nice i post it twice is malingering an aussie expression ? i think the only other person i've heard use it is nick cave . they aren't the only thing as u watch her below u u give ur life two thumbs-up then her eyes meet yours and u see she's in a different movie  like the vid a lot .  how the fbi's orwellian anti-terror programs are making you less safe  such a silly song but i can't stop with it . gr8 beat , gr8 voice , gr8 vid , gr8 dancing also , judging by the view count , literally everyone on the ... this thread is weak . and wack . mods plz kill it . '