 i completely understand where you're coming from . growing up , those like us hardly ever existed . since i wasn't 100 % black , i wasn't black and since i wasn't 100 % white , i wasn't white and therefore ... 1/2 black & 1/2 white ( italian , irish , german ... perhaps some albanian in there ) . united state of america often . i hate dirty , unorganized areas . i hate this problem . people are always asking me ' what's the matter ? ' or ' why are you mad ? ' sometimes when i'm thinking , i try to be aware of my facial expression so my face doesn't match my ... a better job . chinese food - fried rice & chicken all reading material in schools ... grade school and college . what to eat . i'm hungry and i don't know what to eat .  5561094828 48490 . mp4 ? versionid = 4y9rjwxezzk1js91zhyh 7l9r4syksrtx - 72 oz . steak grilled to perfection ( rare ) - fried potatoes , crispy - corn - pizza - fried catfish - big slice of cheesecake with cherry topping - buffalo wings & fried wings ( the way i make ... no . autumn / fall : - weather / less sun ... i hate the sun and it's cooler weather but not so cold it's unbearable . - colors : the change of the trees and such - it's just the best season  a white roll . i'm reading : i like the book so far and would suggest this book to others . my next ... a new body i'd at least be thankful for the switch . as long as i don't have to say much and others do most of the talking , i'm fine . mine are literally the same as yours with the addition of failure . not by others ' standards ... but by my own and reaching certain goals . my problem with unplanned conversations is that due to my ... just learned that word ( pronation ) today while getting shoes . apparently those who have flat-feet have a pronation problem . curious , do you have an arch or are you flat ? directions to a certain destination this . all of this ! made me laugh ... sooo true . i'm exactly the same way - both with what lilysocks said and jeremiahpuppybeast . i will shut up and most likely leave to be alone , people will back off , and / or state that the subject needs to be ... it may not be seen as hurting someone ; rather , teaching a lesson . yes .  the passion of the christ is a great movie ; you should watch it at some point . i like : - braveheart - gladiator - the crow - eastern promises - gran torino - ever after transgendered people should not be able to use public restrooms of the gender they are trying to pass as . if born a male and dresses like a woman ( even having gone through full change ) , he should ... peaceful . i could never have roommates ; ever . 1 . intj 2 . roman catholic 3 . roman catholic i will say that i'm very lazy in things i don't really care for . mathematics is one of them . not basic math that is needed for every day life , like personal finance . i always hated word problems and ... a great job . outside by staind i . reserved ii . objective ii . loyal iv . curious v . awkward isfj / esfj - both male and female ... intj - males only . i don't know why , but i just don't get along with intj males . there has only been 1 so far that i've been able to talk to without getting into ... isfj / esfj / intj-males option 2 : $ 400k - 80 hrs . split into 6 working days for maximum a decade and then go down to option 1 . procrastinating intp ; love ' em . it would depend . if the book included the future , there would be great temptation there but i would have to say no ; i wouldn't finish reading the book .  your brother doesn't sound like an intj . but to answer your question as an intj , i'm protective of my sister . my family naturally gives each other a hard time , but if push ever came to shove , blood ... i'm not afraid of death itself ; but i am of god's judgment . so my thought process of death is probably due to my religious beliefs . our bodies die , but our souls are eternal ; so technically , we don't ...