meow . 10characters isfp and intp . i don't think i'd like being in a relationship with another infj . i'm not ( romantically ) interested in extraverts either . she : - has similar values and ( religious ) convictions - is physically attractive to me - likes having sex with me - wants kids - excells at what i suck at ( and vice versa ) thus making us a good ... - soul calibur ( tournament level player ) - tekken - skyrim . just got it last month . so far i'm really liking it , except for the many bugs / glitches . since i play on ps3 i don't have access to ... there ya go . i must say though , hearing myself talk is really weird . the only thing i recognize is that bass-ish sound ( it's not just the mic ) . :p i'm missing a ' both ' option in the poll . : tongue : but , like you , when put on the spot i often deflect blame to some external source as well . ' can't live a day without you ' by avalon . a singer from my wife's church sang it at our wedding . i'm having trouble following why some posters on this thread think it's strange to ask this question on the internet ( rather than in real life , i suppose ? ) . let me solve the mystery for you guys : ... being patronized , in the broadest sense of the word . what bothers me most is when people give me relatively easy tasks to do because they ( apparently ) suspect i'm not capable of doing something more ... have you ever thought about studying law ? it's great for the theoretically inclined infj ( ni + ti ) . a big bonus is that you can actually make some money with it . considering that you live in a country ... thank god . :p the reason i mentioned it is because in the last years i've seen a bunch of girls wearing it as a fashion thing . a true tragedy . i have no way of knowing . just a warning before you read : i'm not a member of the affirmation brigade . i'm just going to answer the question honestly , and start with the negative . would i ask you out on the street ? no , ... i wouldn't call it the complete's idiot guide , but if you want to properly understand cognitive functions you should check out eric b's site . here's the link : temperament part 2 : the mbti's 16 ... the philippines . i wonder how many of you were thinking ' mail order bride ' while reading that . although not being a fat , balding 70 year old retiree helps my case . :p first and foremost that she simply exudes happiness , sexiness and vulnerability . she doesn't really have a way with words , but she's more than fluent in body language . when i look at her it makes me ... well , i personally care a great deal about what the book says because for me it gives some insight in the history of the religion , the nature of its god as well as ( at least partly , in my opinion ) ... after i had known her for about 3 days , i half-jokingly said ' how do you feel about getting married ? ' . i really did like her so much i wanted to marry her relatively soon , but i didn't have any ... i'd just like to point out ( for the h8rs ) that it's rather nonsensical to bash something to undefinable as christianity . considering there are over 33,000 christian denominations which hold radically ... just call them or ask them in person . cogitating . christianity is the innate wisdom and conscience of my soul . to be honest , the essence of the religion is something i failed to comprehend for a long time ( even after i became a christian at around ... i personally believe cognitive functions aren't things you actually use . it's not like changing gears in a car . when i'm at the office filling in corporate tax returns for large concerns , arguing ... learn to properly fear the consequences . you're a type 6 , it should be easy for you . : tongue : someday you'll be done with school , and you ( and your grades ) will be subject to the scrutiny of ... can't be arsed . i clean once a year , but last year i was too busy . : tongue : anyhow , people have brought up topics like this before in order to determine their type . it's really not the way to go ... thanks for sharing . must be good to get it out , huh ? i have to admit though , i can't relate to a word you've said . had i been in that same room at the time of your conversation ( not before that ; i'm ... tell her you love her , but that she needs to reevaluate her emotions . for her own sake . remind her that it's better to be together from afar ( how contradictory ) than not being together at all , and ... i'm happily married to an isfp . and it's a long distance marriage too . : tongue : this is an easy choice for me : tax law and jurisprudence . i know , i'm a total nerd . i can obviously only speak for myself , but i couldn't cheat . and that is for one reason only : i wouldn't get into a relationship with someone i'd cheat on . i'm distant as fuck for the most part , and ... 1 ) soul calibur series ( played since soul blade , or soul edge in the us ) . i recently started competing in tournaments too . 2 ) tekken series ( played since tekken 2 ) 3 ) final fantasy series i can play the stereotypical intj quite well . it's more of a defense mechanism though , to keep people at bay ( if you're familiar with five temperament theory , i'm a hardcore melancholy in inclusion ) ... very cool stuff . i'd post a video of my ( 99,999 % certain ) isfj mother for you to trace , but it might as well be a picture in her case . : tongue : ethanol nah , i simply decided i wanted a latin username a while back . it has a nicer ring to it than just my plain ol ' initials . i've been lurking more and more these past months , and even post again sometimes . my internship has been consuming all my time and thoughts the past half year or so . oh and i used to be sln ( for ... people aren't as critical of my mistakes ( or me in general ) as i am . i've always known this , but now i'm starting to believe it too . ' perhaps you could try doing your best next time . ' mcdonalds . unfortunately i am quite prideful . it's a byproduct of perfectionism in my case . the need to be perfect drives me to be ' perfect ' ( or at the very least excel ) , and then i feel pretty proud about ... the one thing that has always motivated me is fear . fear of disappointing people in my life , fear of economic failure , you name it . my anxiety always pushes me onward . so when nothing else can ... if you can't identify them even if you try , then there's no point in trying to befriend intuitives specifically . well , i pretty much had the most ( emotionally ) agonizing day of my life two days before you started this thread . so i guess you were on the money . i've never been drunk . mainly because i've always disliked the taste of alcohol ; it's kind of bitter . i'm slowly but surely developing a taste for cold beers though . i like anything that's challenging to understand . isfps can dance well . just whip out your boombox and you'll know which type you're dealing with . my religious views mostly align with messianic judaism ( no ' two house ' theology though ... ) . haven't decided yet whether i'm an annihilationist ( souls cease to exist ) or a universalist ( everyone goes ... michael scofield from prison break . also an infj 6w5 , i think . in any case , i identify a lot with him . just today i was reading an article that listed 7 reasons for feeling bloated . much to my astonishment , there was no mention of internal intps whatsoever . science isn't what it used to be anymore . i'm rcoai . bordering on rcoan though ( see signature ) . normally i score 90 % + for orderliness . the rest of my scores tend to be a lot more balanced . the solution to this problem is as obvious as it is ridiculous . coming to appreciate human mortality has made me feel less fearful of failure .