' how about , intjs only criticise and contradict others ? intjs are natural devil's advocates . what are the peculiarities that you have noticed about yourself and your defined traits ? with these online versions of self-report personality tests , it's hard to really grasp the entirety of the ... the first quote requires engaging the enemy , while the second only requires capturing . neither seem to address what the commander is required to capture however , though you could imply from the ... ( edward , john a . 2002 ) despite its popular appeal , the mbti has been criticized on a number of grounds . conceptually , many theorists believe that typologies are a poor way to model differences ... is there an implication behind this ? obviously there is some use to understanding myers-briggs because it opens your thinking up to the idea that others respond differently to similar stimuli and ... orion touché . so , it turns out , that this isn't breaking news . psychologists rarely use the myers-briggs because the only true personality measure in the myers-briggs is the introversion-extraversion trait . it ... ok , so basically post what irks you . it can be something simple , that doesn't even irk you the majority of the time . it could be anything minute that you only notice on rare occasions . what is ... the road not taken two roads diverged in a yellow wood , and sorry i could not travel both and be one traveler , long i stood and looked down one as far as i could to where it bent in the ... i think you are probably an intj , though i am no professional , and this is just an opinion . not all intjs are full of themselves ; that is just a stereotype . i probably share similar political views ... tell them that their ideas won't work in real life , and that their ideas are too generalized or too theoretical . what is this ? i don't even bah humbug ! so go meet him . that's the best way to figure it out . just don't ask him to fill out the myers-briggs or something weird like that . ;D i would think s . maybe he's an s . i don't know .  what was the point of this ? i don't even ... anyway . welcome . typology isn't all that important , but if it interests you , then by all means , pursue an understanding of it to your heart's content . ... you are referring to a posteriori arguments used specifically to argue the existence of god . basically these arguments utilize logical arguments based in experience to explain why someone believes ... i am an intj and i prescribe to no religion . i am agnostic . mutual trust and a shared desire to see each other succeed in life . also , an ability to accept and overlook character flaws . most people automatically think that a person is uneducated or uncommitted when they hear that the person in question dropped out , even if they got their ged . if you stopped with your ged , then i ... i'm not an infp . am i allowed to jump in ? i tend to overanalyze things , and i'm accused of being too logical . i'm the one who usually points out grammar mistakes , and fallacies in an argument , or ... sophisticated ... profile ? is this sophisticated enough for you ? my grandmother died in 2008 , and it's still a sore subject . i loved my grandmother , but i still regret not getting to know her . i lived pretty close to her , and even after i could drive i never ... i think the biggest thing would be that you are considering sending your daughter to spend time with family she has never met before . i'm guessing she's going alone , and that it is far enough that ... i , a fellow intj will disown anyone crazy enough to support bieber fever . that is all . don't support mainstream-itis . bieber is an indiscriminate harbinger of death . only worse things are bound ... i was humming my funny valentine sung by mary martin while simultaneously thinking about regina spektor's blue lips song . i don't even know ... i didn't know that amanda palmer was going solo . what happened to the dresden dolls ? i have asocial tendencies as well . while i do appreciate social relationships , i don't have it at the top of my pyramid . i like maslow . i think his hierarchy of needs is the most reliable , and ... you're using antisocial wrong . here's a paragraph for your perusal : anti-social behaviour ( with or without hyphen ) is behaviour that lacks consideration for others and that may cause damage to ... you took the personality test too . yep . you can't leave now . you've practically sold your soul to us . your thinking is very abstract . i have a hard time grasping it . in regards to the chameleon idea that you mentioned . i believe everyone is shaped by the various people they encounter , and that ... i'm procrastinating right now . it's not like i'm happy with myself for doing it . i just have a hard time getting myself to work when something isn't due immediately , or when i don't have very ... don't generalize . not all intjs would make that mistake . the ability to copy other powers . my second choice would be instantaneous cell regeneration . what do you mean by this ? did they perform a song called this or are you talking about the songs like my favorite game and erase rewind ? i also like the killers short list : anything by ... it's interesting that a sensor and intuitor can both agree on skepticism , but that is more likely due to the thinking trait more than the first two . i guess a sensor would be displeased with someone ... are you saying from introspection you know that you are a sensor ? i don't think you're really arguing any point . i think if a thread is going to be about something like traits , it should be done as if the groups are separate . if we are to view these traits on a ... yes . the point seems to be to post indicators that someone is a sensor , or things that remind a person that they are a sensor . if that same sentiment reminds an intuitor that they are what they ... these are all barnum statements . i don't think they have much to do with the sensing trait . most people could have agreed with this at one time without having that trait . you just haven't found it .  ... i can identify with these . maybe i'm an intp ... impossibre ! it is probably in reference to jung's anima and animus . maybe you're thinking animal because of rowling's animagi . explanation of the human condition . what else could explain man ? that couple looks like the couple from insidious . '