i am all about the sacrament of reconciliation ( confession ) x85 . i used to struggle a lot more with guilt but as i have gotten older i have come to find that i had to let it go because if i did ... dude i have been called crazy and weird all my life .. but i have never cared ... fitting in and being like everyone else has never apealed to me ... not even when i was a teenager . i see people for ... i have a friend who i have been close to for many years and i am worried about them . in the past they were ratherx 85 . i guess i would say maybe agnostic ? but tended toward christianity , but they have ... holly honey that is me to a t ... hmmm or maybe to an infj ... i can't speak for all infjs but for me i just don't trust people i feel too much of their selfishness and i know there are very few ... i absolutely hate and detest being in a leadership role but have been there a few different times in life . from a work business perspective it is extremely hard for me to balance profit and people , i ... it is very nice to know there are other people like me , as i do often feel weird or odd , but i have been lucky to always feel like i belonged to my family no matter how weird i am . i am most glad ... i have the opposite problem i become absorbed by the needs of other people … although one could argue that is a self absorption sense i pretty much live for other people … hard to explain but all my ... i usually like being left alone ... i spend time avoiding lots of people . my real freinds i have had most of my life and we are all ok with going quite sometime without even speaking much , we know ... darn it decided thinks too much like me ... i was going to express the exact same thoughts ... i am so going to have to start trying to beat her to posts : tongue : now as for you miss snail you are ... if it comes as any consolation that happens to me a lot , i have a tendency to keep problems to myself and sometimes try to ignore them until they become overwhelming and they begin to run like a ... my mother is a very active caring ( although at times seems dramatic to me ) enfj my dad is a rather introverted but loving intj . honestly i think i took on my fatherx 92s introversion and reservation and ... oh wait i am going to hell ... but i might put a good hit out on one or two people , hmmm and i might put little holly go lightly in an over protective bubble ... sorry : shocked : i would open a whole heck of a lot of shelters for domestic violence ... i could never solve the problem all together but at least i could try to help survivors open rape crisis centers and ... stars , my apologies but due to some statements that were made i believe i already said via pm that i would not be directly discuss my religious beliefs further : frustrating : i have never had much of an issue with relying on others to bring me happiness . i am someone who never wants to be dependent on anything , and i definetly never want my happiness to be contigent on ... welll i love my little holly go beucase she moves so sweet and lightly and is just so darn cute ... i would want to be your friend and your sister is very lucky : laughing : hypothetical question ... lets say you are standing by a pool of water with someone you love and trust most as well as a group of your friends and family who you also love and trust , and you tell ... holly does not prefer me anymore i am going to cry : sad : i am so hurt and snail says i am attracted to mystical weirdness i am so very hurt being the infj emotional basket case i am i am now ... i just have this horrible knack for knowing just how to really hurt someone or how to put fear in their heart thank goodness i rarely use it . i do have a conscience thank goodness and will usually ... : sad : i have this really weird tendency to pick up on what a person wants for comfort ... and i am ok with physical contact to comfort someone else , i have held people and wiped there tears so ... ahhh thanks glad to be of service ... i just think i am weird ... but you know i think really all people are defenders and protectors in different ways ... me myself i am just i guess a bit more ... dude not sure if i count but i am very much a woman who has not one qualm for standing up and fighting for what i believe is right and to defend the weak . shoot in defense of an elderly homeless ... dude all i got to say is hell to the no on this one : confused : i am an introvert and i am by no means a loser .. i am a tough old bird who has survived learned from and over come so much more than ... hmmm i think dogs then dolphins or my horses ... i love dolphins been swiming with them like three or four times .. they are so amazing and playful and smart really we are not so different you need to understand what our rituals and what they symbolize for us , they are probably not so different from your beliefs we just have sacraments that are symbolic ... hmmm if there were money involved i might have to say pet away but i am not much of a hooker sorry : confused : i was on my way home last night and some one had hit a dog and left it alive in the road . i stopped and turned around and called 911 and the police came and said they were going to put it down ... i tend to come across caring but once a person is around me for a while the will usually figure out that i am very reserved about talking about how i personally feel or what i want . i am totally ... i have no idea what the heck the deal is , but people seem to think i am some kind of pet or something . i have long ( down to my waste ) red hair ( although as i am getting older it is getting blond ... hi and welcome glad to see a new addition i hope you hang around and enjoy , you will find there are some really interesting and great people here and so much to learn : laughing : i think people may need you to clearly define your goals and obstacles to be able to help more ? ? ? : cool : now you are humping the legs of people who are only wearing socks lord have mercy you are just getting out of control : tongue : i am very sure that you know how to put just the right moves on any ... hmmm well i don ’ t think you are a secret perv sweet heart … . i do that sometimes with out meaning to , i have this tendency to with drawl into my own mind and think things through and when i am doing ... you know when i read them although there are expressions of sadness and feelings of being alone or different , it does seem that even with that sadness the infjs seem to have more of a mix of good and ... ok this is just me , but i do not think you are over reacting , how could anyone who cares for you be friendly with someone who treated you like that ? lord have mercy sweet heart with friends like that ... i thought it would be interesting to see the different perspectives that the two least common personality types had on the topic . i know i am a weirdo : confused : you know though as for me , i ... you tried to hump your baby sitter's leg , priceless ... i just got a vision of a cute little kid with log dread locks humping gwyneth paltrowx 92s leg . : crazy : i would still hug you little one even if you ... well a poet i like a lot ( merrit malloy ) said nothing can cure a woman of a man like another man , maybe it works for guys ? ? ? just go find some other woman and boink them ? totally kidding kido , i am ... i was wondering how the other infjs here would describe their childhood and teenage years ? what kind of child hood would you say you had ? and what kind of teenage years did you have ? what memories ... when i was younger i was a doormat but i am not anymore , and i am still very much an infj personality : laughing : do you not have a lot of fond memories of the past and childhood as well ? i have not seen many posts on here from intjs that look at the past with fondness ? you know when you have too fill out stupid forms where they ask for your name sex and race , for race i always check other , unless they have a place where you can write it in , then i put in the word ... i experience exactly what you are talking about , when i was in school i had a friend who has ocd and would wash their hands all the time ( like until their hands would bleed i felt really bad for ... can i be christian and an ianina ? i mean i have already met enough people that think if you are catholic you worship the saints and statues and so on , so couldn't we just make you saint ian ? but ... does it ever make you sad not to look back on the past and remember things with fondness or happiness or joy ? i have always known the intjs in my life were unique , they are rare and precious , it is one of the things i love about them so much , and i was not so shocked to find out how statistically rare a ... i am a catholic convert , and left the protestant faith because the majority of the protestant churches i attended were more about what i considered guilt tripping than the catholic church , the ... are you sure it is not so much that you do not understand your own feelings but that you are placing to much focus on the feelings of others and letting them cloud or confuse how you feel and think ? ... ahhh thanks little ninjax 85 .. you are too forgivingx 85 .. in my defense although i was very manipulative , i was only 16 and i did tell him my grands and i planed the entire thing like a year later and he ... i don ’ t know about having no trouble getting guys , i have really only ever gone after one guy myself ( well maybe two ) but the first i was young and a tom boy and he did not know i existed but boy did ...