' this made me lol : btw i got there listening to a tutorial on how to create mashups . this guy will be famous . he has some great stuff . hmmm . ah well , i thought there was still a chance of me being intp instead . but this did touch me . i think that means that i'm definitely an infp . i can so relate . i think i'm probably more paranoid than most of you though . - when i overhear that sy ( an unknown person ) is upset about sy ( an unspecified person referred to just as he ) i ... ah , i almost forgot to mention my door ! i've thought it up long ago . it's the door that doesn't lead to anywhere . it only leads away . infp taurus wow , such a nice summary . i was more inclined to think he was infp : idealizing padme ; saving the world complex i . e . democracy is not good enough , let's try dictatorship ; unable to let go of feelings ; ... as a non native english speaker i have some disadvantage as how to respond to this one . i believe it's only a formula almost identical to hello . so i tend to reply how are you ? . i think i saw ... i'm also glad i don't need to play this game anymore . i'd stare at them from afar , dream sweet dreams about them . when in their company admire them as they talk with the others but i wouldn't say ... badly . omg , it's beyond me why would anyone leave scotland for africa ... i'm admittedly ignorant as hell about these matters but i think scotland rocks and africa sucks . btw have you seen the movie the last ... at 33 i still don't smoke and i don't think i ever will :) . ( gotta grin at op turning from infp to entp ) dear op , no offense but you come off as a person i'd like to distance myself veeery far away from :) . i don't like to generalize people based on their types but if there is any merit in mbti i don't ... the whole americana album from offspring . it's awesome ! it's been i don't know like 15 + years since i listened to that . mostly ok . adam's apples musa ! also : spring summer fall winter and spring ( kang seung-hee ( the go player ) rocks ! ) your analysis is already perfect , so what is your question after all ? o . o edit : i mean - either you decide to play knowing that involves damaging his heart in the end - or you decide to preserve ...  this one not particularly angry , still full of emotions though . ... i did a quick eneagram test and it came up 4w5 . i'm writing this because i think i'm kind of in between infp and intp . a few years ago i used to think i was an intp . now i'm more inclined to think ... - i'm aware of at least some of it - you might be an infp yourself i don't consider a fairy a device . though i'd love to have one ( ok maybe not in this particular life of mine with my wife and kids . that'd be weird . ) . i don't think i'd keep her in a bottle , doh ! ... dad : intj mom : i have no idea . her self evaluation is esfj but i have some doubts . she enjoys company but will not actively arrange to be in company . also she reads a lot and has her own world in ... i disapprove these kind of competition-shows for such young age . not the best voice but i liked the 2 . - greek the best . disclaimer : i'm terribly sorry about the video clip . it _does not _ align to my taste at all . the fact is that there are two versions of this music and this one is like 10x better than the other ... it seems awfully unlikely that an infp would ( successfully ) go through designing a whole geography + calendars + ( functional ! ) languages before writing a story . also , his characters are far too 2 ... i got years of backlog of sleeping . i lie down and i'm asleep in 5 seconds . i love to sleep . it's strange how i still stay up past 2am quite often ... i go to sleep now btw :) tolkien as an infp ? ... just no . an elf a lesser god in some far away world if it's got to be earth then a galaphagos tortoise ( or a mayfly and be done with it quick :) ) well if i had doubts now i'm once again reinforced that i'm indeed infp ( i'm ever unsure of my type ) . one time in my childhood when i was on holiday in the country my brother accidentally stepped on ... this is hard . before 18 i didn't really care . of course i was continually pondering about the world but it was only dreaming . i was safely disconnected from reality . after 23 i had it already ... i often don't understand people or am unable to get them to understand me . this could mean two things : either i'm more clever or i am more dumb . i'm unable to choose . there is this thing . when i ... thank you for this thread ! this is almost exactly like i feel . sometimes i'm all right and not thinking about such things . then sometimes i feel like i'm fighting off a demonic force trying to take ... 1 - have enough sleep 2 - reduce stress in your life 3 - do some sport or some bodily activity 4 - eat more healthy 5 - listen to / play music my answers for myself about those : 1 - sry , ... so ... what did you end up doing ? edit : btw . i'm asking because i'm often half asleep at work . but tbh . i'm half asleep since high school ... i'd love to be a carpenter ...  ... or a biologist ! i'm a software developer and i have a love-hate relationship with my job . i love it because : - it's relatively peaceful - i can create . i ... i hate you for that test ... : tongue : ( i just couldn't resist but do it at 1 am ) my result is not bad ( 125 ) but my official mensa result is higher than that ( 145 - which is still not mensa level ... vermin i didn't stand up ( i'm at work ) . i first envisioned future to be to the right but then i was like wait , i know what this is going to be about so then i envisioned the future to be towards ... hello from another infp / intp hybrid ! it really sucks that i'm even unable to categorize my freakness . otoh this way i can feel so unique . only one time in my life did i meet a girl with whom ... hm . sounds nice . but entirely impossible . what if humanity's current collective self-destructive behavior is based on cluelessness and anger . we have come to the edge and now there is nowhere to go ... hah , atari ! :)  then this ( many times ): man , this guy is good ! hm , no , i'm not offended the slightest . it's only i've always longed to take part in parties . now that i think back i don't think i ever took part in a real house party for example . i didn't have the ... ok-ok i didn't mean to offend . gee , i didn't see that coming . being forced to learn dancing in school with your class mates is very far from my good memories of learning them by my decision at 18 ... aww , come on ! that sounds incredibly boring . maybe i'm just one twisted , way too shy extrovert but i always loved parties . why ? because i had so few opportunities to meet ( even see ? ) girls . once ... dear sun lips . i apologize in advance . i don't want to hurt you and i especially don't want to confuse you but i simply can't bear hypocrisy . what you did in that previous job was something very ... i like dreamer , misunderstood , bipolar the best . i like esoteric the least , sorry lad . it has always been a synonym for fool to me ... my nomination is : contradictory now ... i used to pity myself a lot how i should not have gone to a technical high school (= zero girls around ) and how i was never around girls enough for anything to grow . ( i went cs in university = still ... gee , guys , you got a weird sense of humor . i really liked that tim minchin guy though . for some reason i can't watch this without laughing : '