' i'm working on that . i'm doing the part where i slow talking speed down so people feel more relaxed . got to reach the feeling of comfort even if other person doesn't speak . ah that will be ... likewise . when there's silence in someones company ... i feel the need to talk even more than usual so i don't feel exposed . :) i can only be quiet with really good friend , that know me well . yeah people say that i'm a very changed person comparing to last year . sinistralpal * hug * love ya too . xd ( lets have a moment here ! ) i listen to others at first and it's not hard for me to ask for some sorth of help . but then i get better than them and i have no problem with anything . :D mantis i would let you be my trophy gf ... and let you get as grumpy and gloomy for as long as you wanted ! : wink : intp women are the best ... no more words needed . i will agree with you . same here . but it's probably never other way around lol . xd 176 cm . :D do you wish you were shorter or taller ? no . i like being tall . does height influence who you're attracted to , your confidence , or your posture etc ? yes , i'm usually attracted to ... i find some truth in your comments . i was like that several years ago . everybody liked me and enjoyed my company but no-one really knew me ( i didn't mind that ) . they often told me that i'm an ice ... well i don't really think this is how it goes . i wake up ... lay in bed some more , don't think about anything if i have a day off . if i don't , i curse the day that man invented routine and i get all ... ravenclaw indeed . :D photos , some lps , woofer and other speakers , psychology book , pathology and intern medicine book . i woke up and figured that i forgot to go to the dentist yesterday , that i lost my insurance card and have to get new one made , and forgot to fill out some forms for university . :D ... i think i'm more of a selector then . :) i don't like to be touched . i find it difficult when friends hug me when they say goodbye ... i just get stiff and awkward . :) fashion is one of the things i kinda like . the photography , imagination , creations and similar stuff . tho i don't let that effect my own life and style . i have totally casual style , tho i like to see ... i'm glad we have this clear . :) dear god ... these songs are brilliant . oh yes moving on or stop caring could be two more options . well suicide would be an option too ... but i don't recommend it ... i heard that it kills you o . o . hmmm ... i guess this was intended to me , though i wrote somewhat same thing in my second post . we can deliborate this on and on but in real life ... majority has the power . of course people should ... lol . people say that women shouldn't have rooms like this . guess that changes if you're an entp woman . i had 3 comptures in my room last week , and with wires eveywehre just like in the photo . well i ... aerosmith - dream on   lol . we came so far that women can't even pick their own sex toys by themselves ? xd these kind of parties exist ? o . o ok maybe people of the western countries do that , but i sure haven't heard of anything like it here . lol . i'm kinda glad . i know two entjs ... they don't seem to ... and there is another way ... some european countries give scolarships to foregin students ... and even the schooling is free . at least it is in my country . and apartments are probably cheaper here than ... joni mitchell - cold blue steel and sweet fire i love musicals . as you could expect from my avatar ... my favorite musical is cats . since always i think . beside this one i also adore phantom of the opera , hair , tanz der vampire , west side story ... well puberty does that to some people . girl .. stop whining and do something . if you haven't got money for college ... work , save it and then on go to study psychology . no one is determined by the ... i like sports . i like to push the limits to test how much my body can handle . so i'm quite very good at table tennis , tennis , basketball , football . although i perfer individual sports . and i like ... infjs don't sound so bad also . but yes ... this entj description suits them very well . lol it's turning me on just reading about it . > _ < argh i almost never cry . not even at funerals . when i'm really pissed of i distract myself with ploting a revenge . now that was a lie ... i shead a tear or two when i listen to beautiful songs or watch ... oh yes i can relate to that . lol my moto : what you can do today ... rather just do it tomorrow , because tomorrow you can delay it on the day after tomorrow . hmmm ... i would hire an assassin to kill me when i least expect it . i just don't know yet if i'd perfer a bullet in my head or messy kill with the most awesome weapon of all ... samurai katana . or ... rationalization or intelectualization perhaps ? when ( like you said mostly with outgoing types ) you talk to people you tend to stay quiet and seem shy ... and you even encurage it . some people just ... it surprises me how good i remember peoples faces ... but not their names or dates but when i talk about someone with my friends i always get the exact picture of his / her face infront of me ( even if ... yes ! and this persons sexual imagination has no limits and never runs out of physical energy ( must be the pride or something ) . i can only say ... the best sex you'll ever have probably haha . i'm not ... agokcen i share your problems lol . i tend to forget things that i shouldn't forget in every day life . such as ... forgeting stuff everywhere i go ( like umbrellas , cards .. id , health insurance card , cellphone , keys ... ) and i almost always ... ... russian anthem is my favorite . i prefer it in russian language . i also like french . and i really like the melody of this one ( japanese ) ... maybe you just are stupid ... and you use these arguments as defence mechanisms :/ . i know one . she's a die-hard scientist , with which even i can't have a normal conversation . she just has this strange answers and some of them are supposed to be funny ( i think i do keep on with ... i know the most wild person , filled with sexual energy that is entj . hope you other entjs are like that . cause this energy is just awesome ! just pass the begining to the 0:36 the hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy well my ex did call me an ice queen ... and friends say that i have no angry or sad impressions when in that kind of mood . but i sure do show happiness because i tend to laugh and smile a lot . :) and ... so i've been reading your arguments ( phantom and skycloud ) ... not all because i didn't feel like reading so much text with more or less same content . it's clear that you two have completely different ... '