'  two more of me , those are from last year's summer / autumn iirc . there was some cognitive functions test with some wonky questions and answers where i often had to choose between two answers that both strongly applied to me , on my first turn , i actually got enfj , ... not a movie , but this fight scene is perfect . i had my first lucid dream yesterday . i just read about lucid dreaming a few hours ago and i was thinking about the concept while falling asleep . i remember that i was dreaming and at one point , i ... i think he just doesn't want to make it sound unauthentical , forced and worn out . that's why he stopped or only does it rarely . one of my american acquaintances worded it quite fittingly : we're already forced to eat a spoonful of shit , all we can do now is to choose the smaller spoon . for me , trump would be the smaller ... i fell in love badly on a seminar two weeks ago and i constantly have to think about her . i want those feelings to go away . now . they just disturb and distract me . it's the first time i have ... yeah , we played it a lot in school as well , we called it arschloch or sometimes karten kloppen or just kloppen . we played it differently though , we played with a skat deck ( either french or ... throughtheroses can i tell you that you look really cute without letting it sound like i'm a weird creep ? there are very few parts of my physical appearance that i like , one is my hair . probably not an infp thing , but i really like firing this game up just for making pretty screenshots sometimes .  which faction are you playing ? you might give necromancers with vladimir ( since he starts with summoning magic and master of life , which are key skills for necromancers and his passive makes raise ... what do you need help with ? i've been playing the game for almost 10 years ( with a few discontinuations of course ) , so i guess i could at least try . : laughing : did your friend gift you the basic ... i've started playing heroes of might and magic v again , i'm not sure if that was a good idea . it's one of these games that you can't stop playing . just one more turn . oh , i found something ... one of my favourite iron maiden songs . might post some harder stuff soon ™ . do i like my type ? - no . why ? - i personally consider everything about it to be shit and useless . do i like myself ? - yes , as hard as it is for me to type this , yes , i genuinely am fine with who ... i was there by the way . * insert smug face here * wacken was fucking amazing in general . quick info ; this thread won't die as long as i can post on this ... reasons to live ? i'm really done for . just found out that i have my own song . : tongue : i really like it actually .  this site is great . nothing more to say . this thread genuinely made me cry . thank you . i'm feeling a little awkward for digging up a two years old post but i have to , sorry . i tell you , every infp who reads this post , this man is ... why do so many people consider german to be an important language ? if you should ever travel to germany , chances are high that the majority of people you'll encounter can at least do basic english ... hmm , i think it was a lesser factor at best . i often tend to rush things such as presentations on a single day because otherwise , i'll constantly read over it and be all like oh , this could be ... in class , we once had a month worth of time to prepare a presentation about the war and political situation in syria . due to various reasons , my buddy and i were rather unproductive in that ...  german - native , but it should be mentioned that have a fairly noticeable dialect / regiolect : ruhrdeutsch ( ruhr area german ) , to be precise . of course i know regular german and obviously write in ... currently suffering the worst hangover i ever had . but it was so worth it . best prom night i could imagine . would get utterly wasted again .  me at my enrolment , i think i was five years old then . one of the few somewhat recent fotos of myself that i own , it's somewhere between one and a half and two ... i was crying out of laughter when i watched this earlier . not really my style of music , sorry . god , i love this band .   just got finished with reading metro 2035 , definitely worth to read , but it made me a little sad . my mother taught me some basic english before i even went to school and my school lessons started in grade three . i've had english lessons up to the end of my time in school , ten years altogether , ... when you want that infp me-time day after wasting all your energy yesterday evening , fell asleep the moment you came home , slept for 12 hours while still being tired and suddenly nothing will work ... my mother yesterday told me that i'm mentally ill because i believe that introversion is a thing and according to her , it's impossible not to long for interpersonal exchange all the time , so yeah , i ... i don't see any advantages in being infp . i honestly believe that nobody , or even the world in general , needs people like us . maybe it's because of under which circumstances i grew up , but i feel ... it was a few days ago , i sadly can't recreate it entirely . it mainly involved a young woman and me , she looked pretty , but not what you'd call hot . slim , average sized ( i guess around 1,65 ... committing suicide isn't as easy as it may sound , far from it . when i wanted to jump off a bridge , awaiting my doom 15 metres below , i originally thought : nobody's going to see you here , all you ... for me , silmarillion came nowhere near the other lotr books , i admittedly found it almost painful to read and i was thinking about not to finish it at all . maybe the translation was bad or something , ... time to present my mad ( read : horrible ) photoshop skillz , i guess . made this to troll somebody i don't particularly like . i googled for tie fighter vs x-wing and took the first suitable image . then ... here , have a picture of me wearing old man clothes . it's a thing you do here in your last week of school . i actually have long hair , but here i made a ponytail because it looks more old man-ish ... '