' alpha : i like alphas a lot generally . i think they're easy to get along with , fun , silly , light , always wanting everyone to be included . i can sometimes get annoyed with iles though . beta : ... all i can really say is who i tend to get along with and that is 1 ( not sx ) , 2 ( though i'm mostly humoring them and think they are ridiculous ) , 3 , 4 ( especially sp . ) , 6 ( especially so ) , 9 ( though i ... finally watched orange is the new black . it is full of twos . healy caputo lorna red-possibly an 8 that sounds like a good example of ti / te , however i kind of agree with you . i usually like to put things in their correct packaging even if it would fit in something smaller . not really because it ... lol me too ! this song really speaks to me as a social 7 he's a rebel and a runner he's a signal turning green he's a restless young romantic wants to run ... my bad , double post disclaimer : my social and sexual instincts are extremely close . i am social first by a hair and i actually always test as sx / so , but that doesn't feel right for some reason . 1 ) how socially ... 1 - cat 2 - golden retriever 3 - peacock 4 - bat 5 - owl phobic 6 - sheep ( lol jkish ) cp 6 - wolf 7 - monkey 8 - bear 9 - sloth i seem to identify a lot of 6 , 9 , and 2 in that order irl . here are my guesses ( based on observation ) of which types are the most common in order from most to least . women : 2 , 6 , 9 , 3 , 1 , 7 , 8 , ... 3w2 so / sx i'm glad someone was able to put this in words better than i can . i totally agree . it is a little known fact that nines can be the biggest assholes in the world . my younger sister is a 9w8 sp / sx and ... ieis kind of get on my nerves too , tbh . i only know one that i know of : my brother in law . he is also a e4 though so maybe that has something to do with it . wayy too intense , grudge holding , ... i much prefer my semi-dual ( sei ) to my mirage ( ili ) personally . i have zero appreciation for ni and i find it kind of annoying . i find seis very pleasant . no idea what your actual type is ... 6w7 8w7 2w3 sx / so my guess is eii . i don't think anyone's ever going to agree on this . personally , i believe mbti is shit and you shouldn't base your socionics typing on mbti . learn socionics and then decide what your sociotype is ... triple positive . i don't really feel triple positive though . that has caused me to mistype for a long time . i'm not really a peacemaker because i am a core 7w6 . i can be pretty aggressive . i think my parents caused mine and my sister's types to an extent . my mom was kind of abusive and narcissistic ( a 7w8 ) and i responded by pushing back so i wouldn't get lost in the background . my ... i meant so 6 for hank btw . when i found out i was a 7 , i was initially just like . yep ! that's me . that explains it . i am the coolest type . i mean i have my flaws but i already knew about those . i don't think i was shocked or ... healthy sixes are super amazing . i trust no other type . jk sorta . 3 would be a close second , then 9 ( with personality ) , then prolly 2 . you think you are sx first or just sx over so ? just fyi , i'm so first and i have like two friends ( though i had more in high school ) , neither of whom i've spoken to in months . and i am not at all ... i've been revisiting reinin's dichotomies and i'm pretty sure she's actually merry ... perhaps she is ese with strong si subtype or she is just an sei . her mbti type and sociotype have always been a mystery but we thought we had concluded ese . i'm not so sure now though . i am not positive she is fe ego at all , but certainly probably not dominant . i ... i wish there were more responses as well ... i've read that article a dozen times and would still like some clarification from people with real world examples . i think i am more fi , but really not ... i don't know about ti vs . te , but i definitely think there is a problem with the descriptions of si not matching up at all . my dad is istp in mbti and sli in socionics , sister likewise is isfp in ... i would like to second what o0india0o has said . that is great advice . listen , nod , and then without being dismissive , explain why everything will be fine . sometimes when a 7 vents to you ( at least in ... my 7w8 sp / so mother is very guilty of this ... not me so much . my mom has criticized me for being complacent and not really striving for better things . i can find entertainment even in my own head ... i can get pretty depressed when my reckless behavior and avoidance of responsibility finally comes crashing down on me and i am left financially ruined and alienated from those closest to me . this ... that we are shallow . i really am not . vain maybe , but shallow ? no . i think constantly , i'm intellectual , empathetic , and don't really care for material things . ( though i sure love to buy things ... but ... i don't know if i actually have ad ( h ) d or not , but throughout most of my childhood , adults around me have been suggesting i might . i never got diagnosed . i was not interested at all in taking pills ... i'm working as an admin floater right now ( basically assistant to everyone ) at a property management company . it isn't horrible since i actually do a variety of things and walk around quite a lot ... i have heard that infps can be quite stoic . secret feelers if you will . it is the nature of fi to keep things inside but feel very deeply . i think you could be infp . i wouldn't trust the tests too ... just my two cents on fives ... my dad is 5w6 and remarkably humble , modest , and just a very shy guy . but he is also an istp . perhaps the nts might be a bit more intellectually superior acting . i think ... my fiancee is a 3w2 and i am a 7w6 . i don't know how i would do with a 3w4 to be honest , though like threes in general . i do think 3w2 and 7w8 is a good pair as well . i'm going to play devil's advocate here and say i don't think you are either of these types . i definitely don't think you are ni dom . i see very little intuition in your posts . have you considered ... do you know which of your tritype is your core etype ? it's so easy to just type hank as a 1 and leave it at that , but i still believe 6 . and yes , definitely superego . sp 1 and phobic sp 6 can seem very similar . i think hank is more security concerned ... i don't think i know anyone of a super rare combination , but i have an istj 8w7 friend and one of my cousins is intj 3w4 . my stepmom is esfj 9w1 . my fiancee is esfj 3w2 . i don't think any of those ... also i think it is fairly obvious lockheart is 3w2 ... he is just such a flat caricatureish version of a 3 that he totally lacks the actual depth of a 3 . it could have gone any way really , 7 5 or 6 . she certainly has a variety of interests though and is very adventurous for a 1 . my sister is 469 and isfp . i have a friend who is 469 and infp . i would think those would be the most common , but infj is probably pretty common too . really any introvert , especially feelers . i've read a million threads about this , but there are some interesting points made here ... i'm not such a super fan that i will type every character but here are some main ones : harry - 9w8 sp / sx ... my stepdad is an 8w7 ( sp / sx ) . married to my mom who is a 7w8 ( sp / so ) . and of course i'm a 7w6 ( so / sx ) . my stepdad and i have a very tumultuous relationship . he is a huge asshole and i am one of the ... oh and next i would like to discuss king of the hill . everyone seems to think hank hill is a 1w9 sp / so , but my sister and i are huge fans of this show and are both convinced he is actually so / sp ... i haven't read this whole thread but i would like to talk about a couple of things : since you guys are talking about parks and recreation i'll start with that : first of all , i've always ... 9w8 4w5 6w7 sp / sx ? ( maybe sp / so ) i definitely think you are a 9w8 , but i see strong 4 and 6 as well . i mean they're fine but they strike me as real know it all types . i know at least three people of this tritype and i like them but they are very lecturey and smug superior motherly types . those type ... favorable : 279 379 479 269 469 137 146 135 '