' death rip nah , in the chance me part , there are always young'ins posting about how they got 5s on 20 ap exams while self-studying half , played in varsity for 3 sports every year , and found the cure for cancer . hi fox where has everyone gone who are these new people well i get terrible grades and my gpa is currently a 2.98 . i don't consider myself a genius and i'm pretty awful with memorization , but i do prefer the atmosphere of ap classes , and i love learning new ... my friend's skype is blackchimchar , add if you're interested in starting a study group ! i didn't have much motivation to do well in school ' til halfway through the year last year . by the time i found anything interesting , it was too late for me to start over and try again , so i want to ... the biggest reason for why i got a c average was because i slack ... a lot . i didn't hand in half of my homework and i handed in labs late , which makes it an automatic 50 or lower . at my ... hey , i can relate to this ! well , he wasn't terrible , just a first-time ap teacher . ... that and i ended up with a 79 for the year ... 2015 ap exam score distributions i get them on monday ... i saw the score distribution for the physics 1 exam and i'm really scared about it ... the score distribution for whap is pretty bad too ... my school isn't all that competitive or great with aps ( no one wanted to take ap chem or physics 2 ... both classes i planned on taking ) ... but since they're offering ap exams for free now , why not ? i took ap physics 1 , english lang , and us history this year . next year i'm taking ap calc bc , comp sci , physics c ( both mech and e & m ) , english lit , and statistics . i plan on self-studying a ... aaaahhh so , my friend and i are looking to start up a little community where we can all study for the exams . right now , we'd like to study for physics , chemistry and calculus . it's just so we can spend our ... lol hi guys i forgot how to feel i am feeling ironic hello 2 u 2 heya bud when people thank my old posts i cringe im too pathetic to make real friends life is ok not good , but not bad and that's alright memes finna name my first child annie may one moment i was tearin ' off your blouse now you're living in my house what happened to just messing around ? bump because school starts in 3 days schools in 2 weeks and 1 day and i still didnt start any of my summer work a dildo has struck a windshield we're doomed apparently the real life purge thing will be in my state next friday but like i need to decorate the place for my sweet 16 rip thanks y'all ! ! : kitteh : thx dude : cool : i was a bit upset when no one on here wished me a happy birthday yesterday until i realized that i forgot to make my birthday public whoops barbikyuchikin --> barbikyu --> kawaii itself --> meekers hd pix hbd 2 me school doesnt even start for another 3 weeks lmao for the whole school year pussy sup i been coolio and hi mousy it still aint letting me double quote dang h-hi god i wish y'all could come to my sweet 16 ( screams externally ) yea , i hope so ... i want to take my english teacher's advice and shadow a student from nearby colleges , but i don't have the courage nor the motivation to do it : bored : gosh golly it just occured to me im gonna be a junior next year i have to think about college and stuff what college would want me im scared guys ; __ ; can we just stand on a street corner and start yelling our beliefs at random people passing by then aka the cycle of life none ; its actually my dick '