' i'm very focused on morals also , and i dislike conflict , but i'm most definitely an entj . she might just not be so stereotypical ! i'm scared of failure , but also throwing up ... take that for what you will . i'm an entj , and i've always been torn between slytherin and gryffindor-although they are 2 sides of the same coin . i would say i'm slytherin though-cunning , straight-forward , and annoyingly ... i'm terrible at remembering people's names ! like , really terrible ! i would say chris colfer . he was severely bullied in high school , and stayed strong because he knew he was better than those who made fun of him . he went on to get a part written for him on a hit tv ... something that always makes me admire a person and feel the need to know them better is complete honesty . like , if someone walked up to me and told me everything they loved , for example , and every ... personally , i could quite happily spend an evening on my own ; just chilling out and watching tv , etc . boredom is never that big of a problem . however , if i ever have to spend the day on my own , ... i rarely cry through sadness anyway ; it's very rare that will happen . i mostly cry when i'm angry . if that is the case i'll exclude myself from other people ; it makes other people uncomfortable , so ... i'm much better at talking to a crowd that to a smaller group of people . i actually love talking to large groups ; i feel empowered ! this is absolutely fantastic and so useful-thankyou so much ! i agree ! some of us ( especially me ! : s ) also like to be the center of attention ! ( i think a pineapple is very attention-grabbing ... in the fruit-world at least ! ) this may have been done before ; if so , we can try it again ! i was wondering if certain personality types are more likely to be religious than others ; are you religious ? i am an entj and i am ... i'm not sure about my functions , but generally ; at my best ... i'm happy , optimistic , confident ( that's a big one for me ! ) at my worst ... i'm closed off , grumpy , pessimistic and snappy i see someone on another planet looking at the earth from close up ... difficult one though ! when you get infuriated in group projects because nobody is taking charge as well as you could ... i just find it really interesting ... i don't believe in it , but i just find it intriguing-i honestly couldn't explain why ! haahaa , i didn't actually write shellfish , i wrote selfish , but you're right , we are not shellfish we are not as selfish and stubborn as we are portrayed to be ! i talk about my plans to other people as i'm always organising and trying to get everything as efficient as possible , and telling someone my plans out loud help me to do that ! entjs normally-same as me ! i'm an entj and i'm not small small , like you wouldn't look at me and think you're so small ! but i have always been one of the smallest in my year at school , etc . it's an interesting theory that i'm ... i'm the same ! most of my friends ( i'm mostly friends with introverts ) love to collect things and won't throw anything away , whilst i'm really not sentimental about things and like as little clutter ... klaine honestly save the show for me-ryan murphy just doesn't seem to care about what the fans want anymore ! i'm a female entj , and i am so obsessed with the paranormal ; i go on ghost tours and the whole shabang ! i see love as personal gain , but i would choose lover over pg ! arrested development and curb your enthusiasm are hilarious ! i'll try not to sound like a creep too much here ! generally , i just follow all their works , watch every interview , talk about them endlessly to people who do not care , stuff like that ! when i like something i become obsessed very easily . it can range from a person ( especially celebrities ! ) to food to a tv programme ! i think it ties in with an entj personality type because ... for books , i really like action and dystopia ; sort of futuristic worlds and survival . for films i'm quite strange . i love horror and psychological thrillers-i love being scared-but i also like chick ... it's basically the first found footage horror film . it's about these people who film a documentary in the woods about the blair witch myth . anyway they got lost and stuff and the witch , although we ... so i watched the blair witch project for the first time today . it's a really great film and it definitely deserves the recognition it gets . however , it's nowhere near as scary ( in my opinion ) as ... winnie the pooh's hefelump movie and happy feet . yep . i'm weird . the hunger games too , but that was because i was a huge fan of the books and i had been waiting for the movie for years ! under the sea-the little mermaid is my favourite without a doubt . it made me want to be a mermaid so bad ! others i like - hakuna matata-the lion king he's a pirate-pirates of the caribbean honour ... i'm currently watching nanny mcphee on tv , but i have just watched the blair witch project for the first time ; an incredible film , but it seems to have impacted me psychologically ! : s they're both ... 1 . the hunger games-my absolute favourite movie of all time . it provides an extremely insightful commentary into humanity's obsession with reality tv and war , and our love of other people's pain . 2 ... unfortunately mine is neither clever , nor interesting . my username is a combination of two of my names , thus it is easy to remember . my signature is a result of needing a signature and not having a ... i have never felt the need to do drugs-i'm even teetotal , and i've never smoked a cigarette . i feel i am strong enough to cope without any of these mechanisms . sometimes i just power through it and ignore it ; better to just sweat it out ! otherwise i'll watch something funny to take my mind off of it and binge ! i also like to be in a dark room and sleep a ... hi there ! i'm really into glee . like , a lot . and i was wondering if there were any gleeks out there who wanted to discuss the show . my otp is klaine if anyone wants to talk about that too ! : happy : the hunger games . without a doubt . i'm going to be cheeky and say that my second favourite is cabin in the woods and my third is the shining . they're not exactly cheery ... this is really interesting-not a single hufflepuff so far ! i always thought it would be mostly gryffindor and slytherin ( because they are so alike ) , as having natural leadership abilities could be ... this is definitely me ! especially the bit about society telling entj females to be more feminine ; i'm pretty girly , but i always took charge over the boys at school and many of the girls thought this ... thankyou very much ! yes , i think clashing of powers can be common-i'd love to friend you though ! :) i'm an entj and i'm an athiest . i have absolutely nothing against any religion , but i just believe that science did everything , not a higher power . i really like buddhist's ideas though , not in a ... deal fully with something before moving on to the next so you don't have to go back to it again-if that makes sense ! entjs are pretty ruthless-we'd probably have no qualms with killing some zombies ! thanks ! :p roud : why not ! gosh , y'all are spoiling me : blushed : count me in-love the phrase internet generation ... well , i've always wanted a twin ! no , thankyou ! i was a little surprised when i read some of the stereotypical qualities of an entj , as , although i relate very strongly to it , i knew i wasn't a monster ! ! '