' than infj must be correct , i have to really be pushed into taking action or risks and mostly the parts about periods of overloading are really familiar ! thank you ! i have to focus really hard to remain in the here-and-now , takes a big deal of energy as well ! i can easily get lost in a certain task i'm performing ( reading or writing for example ) and totally ... no i've never had any aggressive outbursts , when i get upset i usually retreat in silence ( room / private place ) and try to slowly work it out . when i'm angry i'll ignore the other person , detach from ... heya ! :p roud : so i'm having problems determining whether i'm an istp or an infj ... may seem a little silly , because they're so different ;) i'm absolutely sure on the use of ti / fe and ni / se . i ... istp ? nice song btw , saved it ;) isfj : tongue :  this one is truly epic , especially the violin part . capricorn and entj thanks for all of your input guys ! though i must say it keeps getting more difficult ... i relate to the infp type somewhat , in that i'm a bit dreamy and idealistic , but it's not really me . and the ... wow ! thank you ! that was one in depth response :) to be honest , i hadn't given the infp type much thought , since they're usually said to be very sensitive ... which i'm not . that was of course ... thanks you for your quick and clear response ! i do feel like entj might be right , and i'll be sure to look into their cognitive functions ( more detailed ) . i'd have to start from the beginning with ... female , 19 , tested as : intj , entj , istp , istj , infp , infj ... i'm lost . since i felt unsure which questionnaire was the preferred one , i filled in both , and will leave it to you to pick one :) ... personal name - what do you preferred to be called ? tully any nicknames ? x93kiddox94 . ix92m really tall and the eldest in class , so it makes the dwarves feel powerful . male / female / trans ? female ... koriallyse thank you ! hot chocolate is yummy , total addiction . i've just figured out i'm istp :) yippy dankjewel ! ik vind het vooral leuk om te lezen hoe alle analyses zo precies kloppen . geeft veel ... hufflepuff ! awww thank you ! ^ ^ thanks :) i already took one a little while ago , and found out that i'm an istp :) welcome to you too ;) the vampire diaries books , decided to give them a try after enjoying the first two season on tv ( the seasons after those were bullshit as well ) , but was disappointed . slytherin ! hello , does anyone know if there are any other types of mbti tests , that put the questions in real life scenarios ? notice whether the details in front of you match what you are accustomed to ... gryffindor ! thank you for the clear answers ! hello , our school has an mbti typing option for the first time , to give students an idea of what direction to go in . ix92ve been typed as an intj , intp , istp & istj so far . maybe someone can take a ... peter pan , the lion king and bambi hey guys :p roud : has anyone seen from dusk till dawn : the series , because i kept wondering what the gecko brother's mbti type would be ... i thought that richie gecko might be an intj , and seth ... hey everyone ! personal name - what do you preferred to be called ? fajilix any nicknames ? flix , since i watch too much netflix . male / female / trans ? female location - where were you ... '