ugh i've been having pasta and fried chicken for the past two days and i feel like a bloated tomato . ... tomorrow i shall detox , given that its already late at night . water and fruits . he's just going to end up delegating everything to other people , the stuff he can't delegate he'll listen to his advisors . i doubt that he'll be doing what he promised because he's about to get a ... i think this pretty much sums up my everything i hope for : let me hear your lovingkindness in the morning ; for i trust in you ; teach me the way in which i should walk ; for to you , i lift up my ... of course ! i think its a natural response really . eye for an eye , b * * * ! but then i remember to breathe ~ and just like that - depending on the level of offense - i let it go , b / c for whatever its ... wow ! now that sounds like a godly drink . deffs going to try this out , thank you good sir . but i'm curious - - how did you get this recipe ? sounds like either a family recipe or something restaurants ... pulled this out of my a * * just a few mins ago : november nights well here i am , not in any particular place , only chillin ' , grillin ' , pen in hand , lately , i've been going through a hard rock / metal phase in terms of music its been 3 days since its been on repeat ... i think its safe to say ... an hour ago i went and ordered a shaken iced black tea - - - sweetened , with a shot of vanilla - - from starbucks . why does their vanilla shot taste like soy milk ( unsweetened ) ? its pretty bad . i ... a female friend of mine is an istp , and she is worlds apart different than the male istps i know in my life . she has some fe and ni developed but one of the male istp i know does not care for those ... the other day i walked home and saw a rainbow . your eyes glistening like the stars on a cold night . your skin as dark as the moon , shining bright istps can either be the best or the worst type of people you will ever meet . they are either at the very best or the very worst end of the spectrum , thats just who they naturally are ... people of ... estjs get # 1 spot ? ! pfffttt , y'all should meet an istp ! now they're something else ... especially if they're unhealthy . damnnn they can truly be something out of this world . hmm don't know whether i genuinely prefer to be alone , or i prefer to be alone because i rather be alone than be with people that i don't want to be around . maybe the answer will come up when i ... i feel the same way too ! although for some reason i feel like the sweet , modest woman is the type of girl that suits the majority of people . not everyone wants to deal with a sassy , strong-willed ... i'm a mega fan of sushi . i'm most likely the # 1 revenue for a particular sushi restaurant in my city . they are absolutely the bomb . i'm always up for some . some days i'm in a mood where i just have ... my cousin is an isfj , we get along quite well . i'm pretty much my natural self with her - as in i crack any jokes that come to mind & say what i feel like saying . she laughs with me so unless ... going out for korean fried chicken ~ very excited :D nomnom #realrandomthought september went by in a flash , and now we're almost half way through october . time truly flies when you're a busy bee ... > . > i can see how you can feel guilty about this situation . however , i think its natural to be attracted to someone else especially if you find traits in them that you admire / like . you can't choose to be ... about to resurrect this post : sushi , pizza , ice cream ... anything savory and sweet oh and i must say beef sashimi . japanese food is my favorite ! i follow no specific diet or eat at specific ... we exist , but i think the majority are chameleons . the only way you can find out if someone is an infj is if you spend the effort and time to know that person . their true selves will eventually peek ... i relate to pretty much everything you've said . i grew up having to repress my emotions , and i don't really have anyone to talk to them about with . thus resulting in emotions not being dealt with ... root : under-active ( - 38 % ) sacral :op en ( 19 % ) navel :op en ( 38 % ) heart : under-active ( - 6 % ) throat :op en ( 31 % ) third eye :op en ( 19 % ) crown :op en ( 56 % ) cool beans . asjfoiajeiorj explains my life for the last 5 years ... asjdfoiasod means - confusion , anxiety , stress , failure , disappointment , more anxiety , and more stress ... i just want to breathe and ... so tired of being a chameleon and so tired of feeling like i'm failing when i'm naturally myself uasodfoajsoidfioajsiodfjaoijsdiofjasdmfl amsklfm ; lcv ugh , panago's chicken club pizza . need i say more ? nope feeling so alone as an infx ... :'( the worse thing is i'm choosing to embrace myself ... to cut it short there are some serious cons to being a soft spoken , old soul , introverted young person in ... my inclinations tend to be in a mix of both the infp and infj characteristics . i'm quite the hardcore soft dreamer . i love a nice day out in a secluded area by the river where its beautifully quiet ... i've been listening to an awful lot of chris cornell lately . he's just an absolute beauty of a musician especially one for rock . college is stressful ... :/ i just hope it all ends well though . my favourite icecream is vanilla . plain and simple , if we're going to go into specifics however , i absolutely love haagen-dazs vanilla ice cream just absolutely great . no condiments or ... its hard to tell if i prefer being lonely or just have gotten used to it fula - that structured face kumyks - angel ? ingush - soft beauty deep breathes , exercise , what you eat is also extremely important . it helps to eat clean . putting junk into your system will just plummet how you feel and react into deeper levels . as a catholic , ... hmm just a good ol ' bear hug when i've had a bad day or think that i've embarrassed myself too much to exist ( maybe its in my head and it wasn't that embarassing but still .. ) time spent with me in a ... speaking from personal experience as an infj , i think what makes people attracted to an infj is their sincerity . i tend to speak from the heart and like to chip away into people's inner core ... i ... craving for some good ol ' ethnic home cookin ! ! ! the ability to feel the sensitivities and emotions of their neighbours ... they notice when people are off and in that way have the chance to help . we're family , we're blood . i will not give up on you and i . * browsing through perc ... * looks at clock : 10pm * 2 seconds later * looks at clock : 1am how tf did i lose 3 hours to this site i'm more of the first one but with elements of the second type ... i'm usually quite outgoing at first and will show different sides of myself depending on the feel of the group i'm getting , but ... i'm not afraid of anything in this world there's nothing you can throw at me , that i haven't already heard ... i relate a lot to naruto , we share the same idealism towards friends and society . also , his decision to act like a comical idiot in order to get the attention of people is something i also relate to ... i wish i was an estj , they tend to live a more straight forward life . i know some infjs who are hellbent that they know everything , that their belief is the ultimate . in a way they shun others who hold a different opinion . found myself thinking about you mr . x , and how you taught ' life lessons ' in senior year as if to impart some good ol ' advice before we're off to the unknown . thinking about how i pretended not to ... when i was 11 i had a nightmare that king kong was real and ripped apart my world .  more like undersleep ... cause , morning mass . 