achievement lol . generally no , but in extreme cases apparently so . like smiles stated working with someone that lazy and stupid would put anyone of us to tears . the people intj's perceive to be incompetent ... that's very sweet and an excellent life decision . personal experience can certainly shape your life in a profound way regardless of personality characteristics . i was thinking that being an intj and studying something more abstract like philosophy might give them a unique approach to the subject and may have helped that bunch come to some of their more ... i personally never have spent time trying to convince or seduce other people to like me more . i was always just myself at all times and you are correct in saying that i have no interest in the crowd ... i will say that i would not generally cry over something like that but i can see why it would be overwhelming . however i hate working with other people in a manner like this and nothing gets me more ... with some of us it really seems to be the case smiles . i can at least say for it's very true and that side of me can helps me take things to the extreme whether it would be work , studying , ... movies and music tend to actually be the only two things that usually overwhelm me and make me tear up very very rarely though . rocky is an emotional very inspiring movie . i never sob though . it's ... well said and we all thank you for the kind words . it's also nice to get a different non intj perspective of what we are perceived as . i have to say that most of the general population will ... exactly you really have great control over how you phrase things to get just the right mood across . very true haha . i definitely prefer to be alone and feel much more calm and at ease by myself but ... that was a very informative and interesting post and i love knowing the science of what makes up our urge to cry . it makes sense that they are different versions and it is a multisystem process . i ... i couldn't agree more . i have heard that he was bullied and abused when he was younger and that , that had played a huge role in what he became later in life . all are possibilities i would be really ... thank you ! haha i didn't even notice i did that you really hit the nail on the head with that one haha . i agree the mobile version is challenging to work with on the iphone as well . thanks for your ... oddly enough i'm very happy to hear someone else in the world shares that difficulty . lol . for me either i just don't say it or the trust level between the person and i has to be through the roof so ... i always think was it a luck of the genetic draw that made them like that or was it their environment or something that happened to them . i am going to have to say a little bit of both i would ... maybe i don't really wish to either . more than wanting to i think i am just curious how other people let it out and behave in certain situations lol . i have to really agree with this . then as i'm trying to share it i realize i don't have the words to . it's a vicious cycle and makes people you care about think your cold or something . our type seems to compliment yours in that case . personally i love and really find absolute solace in the fact that everything can be explained and calculated . that's what makes me feel warm and cozy ... excellent atheist video i loved it . i can't believe we still live in a society where children can be teased until the point of tears for not believing in god . : ( yes i used a lower case g on ... that's a little scary to think about lol . i'd say i'm intense and intelligent but not a sociopath lol . when his signature was analyzed by a graphologist it clearly showed that he was mentally ... thank you very much dauntless i'm in the purest form just being myself . : ) amen brother . that is one tough thing to get through the intj thick and stubborn skull . having that perfectionist trait is certainly a blessing and a curse and we just have to learn how to manage it , ... looking forward to it man . i'm sure there are some brilliant introverts lurking in these online forums nestled nice and cozy near our safety blanket of computer screens and keyboards lol on a side note does anyone know how to delete a post ? i keep accidentally posting a new one by mistake . to reiterate to the original poster , i personally think to some people it can be off ... thats a very interesting question with a complicated answer . that could be more of a self esteem issue than a personality characteristic . however they could be linked when you feel isolated and alone ... thanks hela ! looking forward to chatting with everyone here . i was thinking while i was first exploring the interface of the forum how great it would be to have a chat function on here . turning inward and focusing on yourself , maintaining emotional and physical healthiness and have a few good friends goes a long way . i'm not perfect at it and i'm sure neither are you but i agree i ... i'm thinking the same things that give intj's a lot of unique and special power can also cripple us . it's hard to logic your way out of an addiction and the intensity that we display in other areas ... thanks : ) i do enjoy good discussions and i feel can add a lot to most conversations and debates . we definitely can be friends . my enneagram type is 6 . i understand what you mean with the obsessing . i stopped playing video games at around 12 or so when a new interest took place . i started playing guitar and applied that same intensity and obsessive ... that's not a bad thing at all : ) that's an interesting area of study . it seems most intj's are inclined to study the sciences and engineering fields etc . i however did study music . in what part of the world does the food kill you quickly ? lol . oddly enough i have fairly healthy eating habits . i understand what you mean with the obsessing . i stopped playing video games at around 12 or so when a new interest took place . i started playing guitar and applied that same intensity and obsessive ... i'll definitely pop over to the other thread . something to me about the intensity of most intj's seems to correlate with addiction and at times mental illness . we are a strange bunch indeed . nothing . it's horrible i almost never cry . although the ending scenes of the dark knight rises are very emotional for me . that one i actually teared not actually crying more like watering of the ... danced in front of 3 swedish women with nothing on but my cowboy hat covering me in my friend rob's hollywood apartment lol oh my god what a night ... damn that gallon jug o ' vodka to hell . makes me ... happy posting you crazy extrovert ! lol i am curious to see if there are many intj's who also smoke cigarettes a lot and if there is any correlation between the personality type and addictive behavior . ready set go . joined the forums just to meet and talk to some interesting and like minded people . it's tough to meet intj's or compatible personality types in public so anyone who wants to chat just shoot me a ... for me personally in reference to a non romantic relationship when someone tries to get to know me it takes a lot of time and a very very deep trust must develop before there is any sharing on my ... sorry desert wind i'm confused at your post ? oh and sleep is the most important thing ! ! when you get into rem sleep and dream this is how the brain heals and processes experiences that happened in your life , throughout the day etc and is ... socially speaking it confuses the fuck out of me and gets me into more confrontation than i'd like . everyone becomes a real tough guy sitting behind a computer especially when there is romance with a ... i'd love to create and be the ceo of a lasting company that can stand the test of time that has something to do with technology . i really would like the thrill of building a great company and running ... talk therapy has helped me more than anything and i can't recommend it enough . the hardest thing i personally have to work on is letting go and accepting being powerless sometimes . i hate not being ... just joined these forums recently hoping to chat with some likeminded people and wanted to know if any of you other intj's suffer from being bi-polar and how it affected your life ? it would be ... i would most definitely stay with my group and that's it . it would be a great to meet some more intj's ! only my brother and i are the ones that i personally know and it would be a lot of fun to hang ... it's just an accident of statistics . the high intelligence and the combination of being able to systemize and obsess about small things while still being imaginative and creative while seeing the big ... slaughtered by pantera . i think it's really the heaviest metal song ever .