' just walk in there , ask for the one in charge , give em a good hard handshake , and look em in the eye . this is what boomers actually believe will get you a job . it isn't . cute is cute . shy + cute = omg , they are so cute ! shy + not cute = omg , they are so creepy ! right , but it is a little ironic , you have to admit : him : i like you , i want you to be my girlfriend . her : sorry , just friends . kthnxbye . him : b-but , i really like you . her : too bad , i don't ... that sucks . it can happen with the genders switched , it doesn't have to be exclusive . addressing the thread title itself : i'm pretty sure that both nice guys and friendzone are broad enough ... it blows me away how a girl can get mad when a guy drops his friendship with her over unrequited feelings . if he isn't entitled to a relationship with her , then she isn't entitled to a friendship ... i think it's pretty safe to say that every culture has greatly changed since hundreds of years ago . i'm more concerned about a contemporary analysis ( although history should not be forgotten ) . right , but extremist buddhists are known for self-immolation ( not harming others ) , and extremist christians are known for being loud and offensive with deplorable signs ( hostile , but not altogether ... honest question : why are all these reports of violent acts seemingly carried out by muslims ? nearly every story of organized violence motivated by a creed or ideology turns out to have muslim roots ... i refer to it as a bathroom when i am in a home or residence , and a restroom in a public place or setting . equivalent ? no . the father of downers is a male , though ( although not human ) . perhaps he would be a downer deity . you don't have to do it right before you die . people are people ; no one is more or less than human , on that we are all equal . but the quality of person can be good or bad , and i believe that quality ... if everyone was the same , then each person would be unable to become better people . i believe that people are better when they leave good in the world by their actions . define abusive within this context why / how did the courts fail to recognize this abuse ? humor me . try . if i were to give you an invisibility ring , what would you do with it ? you cannot prove that it is infeasable , especially if you assert that it is unknown . if it is truly unknown then it is 50 % feasible and 50 % unfeasable . the argument here is a claim that acceptance ... given that definition , i would argue that everyone should be accepted as long as they do not do something unacceptable . i don't have to define what is or is not acceptable in order to claim that ... no it isn't . your entire point is illogical . if we don't know where path a will take us , then you lack the sufficient data to justify an assertion to ignore it . if the annals of sociological ... right . that's the real question . what is acceptable and unacceptable ? i don't think we've fully discovered the answer to that question , but i think it's worth exploring . it's certainly better than ... everyone does have the right to be accepted , provided that they fulfill their duty to be acceptable . people who practice unacceptable behavior are rightly unaccepted , but no one can provide an ... was it lolita ? i was supposed to read that last semester . is she presumptive ? specifically about the opinions of others ? he'll probably ... she only said that because ... is she deductive ? does she think in terms of if , then ? for example , if do that , ... i would avoid trying to write a female character . just write the character . her gender shouldn't matter that much . it matters a little ( like age does ) , but you don't want to stereotype your ... good luck with that . i was being sarcastic . andras will most definitely kill you . i always heard that andras was a pretty nice guy , if you wanted to ease into it with something safe . deists get no love . i'll pass , thanks . from my experience religious debates on the internet just end up spiraling down into semantics and name calling . sorry , a friend already invited me over to watch her lawn ... personality types are like inches . they don't actually exist , but are rather used as a means to measure the spaces and edges of the psyche . it's all a bunch of symbolism and metaphors in order to ... when i first read the op , i was like what bullying problem ? ... then i read the rest of the thread . now i'm like oh , that problem . lol i'm a netflix watcher , so i'm a season behind ( no spoilers please ) . however , i can say that their is an easter egg in every episode . if you notice the logo at the end of each episode is a tarot ... i think it's a great show . it has a pretty cool secret ; i've yet to see anyone online talk about it . when i first caught it , it blew me away . men have no power when it comes to abortion . unless you were threatening her , you did not make her do it . i can't believe people would blame you for this . women should take responsibility for their ... statistical analysis of generalized types ( such as gender ) can yield productive insights into the motivations and circumstances which necessitate occurrences . overuse of this method , admittedly , ends ... both articles seem to imply that the problem stems from women's wants and how neither men or women themselves can appease them . perhaps women should alter their expectations to adjust to the 21st ... i really don't know exactly what his motivations are . i just know that he's said that he's proud of being gay , but thinks that marriage should be between a man and a woman . i was surprised myself ... right ... but i'm pretty sure this one isn't . i'm just tired with the whole if you don't agree with me then you're a bigot ! speech that's been going around . people , like sexualities , are very ... i work with a guy who is gay . he thinks marriage should be between a man and a woman . i really doubt that he is homophobic . right ... cuz terentino cares sooo much about historical accuracy . lol . heh . it took me three years to reach 1000 . i guess it's time to go robot . 1 . compassionate 2 . communicative 3 . beautiful welcome . i lurked for a while too . are any of you folks freemasons or a relative of one . feel free to discuss your impressions and opinions . just tell her how you really feel . that's funny , because i think this whole issue comes from people who choose to not feel what the other person is going through . if empathy existed in even minor degrees , this wouldn't even be a thing . if a guy ( who is mature ) is receiving respect , care , and support from a girl then he will not mind being a friend with her . most friend zoned guys simply hang around girls who suck at being friends . i'm curious op . how old are you and how old is he ? intelligent people generally make money . money can buy beauty . therefore , intelligence and beauty are correlative . haha . nope i provided you with a link that is in no way personal to me . was that judge victim blaming ? '