' have you ever fished with worms before ? this is a test that grades your empathy levels . reply with your type and score . a 60 question test that grades your empathy . i want to see if there is a average score among entjs . my score was 23/80 . scores under 30 ... i came across this post that talked about how the types process emotions ( their own , and others ) . here's a quote from the entj section : their own emotions : although entjs feel emotions ... i understand . truth is more important than feelings , and he did that thing where he tried to protect your feelings . i don't like it when people do that . if it was interesting , why did you ignore him ? have you ever been tested for aspd ? narcissism 2.2 26 percentile machiavellian 2.9 57 percentile psychopathy 2.6 40 percentile i have lots of goals , but i only have one major goal for my life . i'm pretty much always thinking about it . i always think about the goal itself , but just recently have i thought about what would ... bump obviously . it was a joke title . i didn't care that much . it just gave me a weird feeling . plus , it wasn't even in my country , so i don't know how much contacting the authorities would work . yeah , that's what it felt like . the emptiness really stood out . i was thinking about why someone would want to watch it . i don't know if this sounds crazy , but i think it might be latent killers , trying to get their rocks off , without actually commiting the act . ... it's not really a moral thing with me . i just didn't like seeing it . it was just ... weird sort of . i ( accidentally ) came across a vine of someone getting shot and killed . now , violence doesn't usually bother me , but this time , it gave me a vague sense of guilt . i didn't physically react ... you're kind of right . while i do ponder my sexuality , i don't think my feelings hold much weight on my choices . the feeling of wanting to be seen as a woman will most likely be ignored for the rest ... i consistently identify / test with / as entj . but , i also want to be seen as a woman . it's a fucked up feeling , and it doesn't really make sense to me . i can't find anything on entj and transgenderism . ... am i the only entj that stands up for people who can't / won't do it themselves ? i mean , i'm not the most compassionate person , but i always have this nagging urge to defend the underdog . on a scale of ... it will take awhile for me , but that's only because i'm joining the navy first . the actual training is just a 4 year degree in either maritime technology ( what i'm gong for ) , or naval engineering ... if you like cars so much , maybe you should build your own car company . that'd be cool . why not go on to be an actual surgeon ? that's a great life story . and yes , it does mean something to me . i've always liked being out on the water , and the pay is great . for only 6 months working on , 6 months off , i can make a six figure ... i'm thinking of becoming a ship captain . you know , tugboat / cruise / whatever other options are available . what do you guys think of that ? and if you have a unique career , let me know what it is . ... thank you , so much . that really helped . after reading that , i see i'm an entj , but a very unhealthy one . these really stood out to me from the entj link : of being in a loop - the tese entj ... based on function descriptions , i'm e or i / ntj . i fit with the descriptions of te dominance better than ni dominance , however , entjs are known for their social fluidity . the ones i've talked with ... based on function descriptions , i'm e or i / ntj . i fit with the descriptions of te dominance better than ni dominance , however , entjs are known for their social fluidity . the ones i've talked with ... based on function descriptions , i'm e or i / ntj . i fit with the descriptions of te dominance better than ni dominance , however , entjs are known for their social fluidity . the ones i've talked with ... relying on people isn't the problem , i'm not afraid to ask for help on things i can't do alone . it's just that when the work is done , i want us to go our separate ways . while i don't have any friends , i don't see why some people say internet friends can't be real friends . are you talking to them on a regular bases ? do you enjoy it ? if yes , then they're your friend . im a strong independent island that don't need no friends the wretched blood runs through my veins . thank you . it's like you personally describe me . i'd definitely use happier . i used to have personal friends , now i don't . life is better , for me at least , without people . the only ones i try to get along with are the ones at work , and that's ... i wouldn't say so , because i have those as well . by friends , i mean people you like to hang out with in your spare time . the reason i made this thread is because most intjs actually do have ... pretty much just what the title says . i don't have friends , and i don't want them . any that i had were just burdens , so i cut them out . i love being alone , and i don't find pleasure in people's ... those descriptions put me as istx . i say x because the j was too strict , while the p wasn't strict enough . and having both an istj and an istp in my family , i know for certain i'm neither . okay . i read most of the stuff . i especially liked this one . functions aren't necessary , if not detrimental , to mbti . i'm starting over from scratch . in your opinion , what is the best , or close to ... before i click on any of the links , i'd like to ask : if the functions are a category mistake , why do they apply to most people so well ? ( exception being me ) that's the thing : i'm already familiar with the functions . that actually made it worse . none of the functions describe the way i work . less sarcasm and trolling , more frustration with not finding a type . none of them describe me . im not an extravert , nor a feeler . i'm not an e / intp , either . my i's are always consistent . i don't have a type ? mbti is fake . i don't find validity in myers briggs . what do you say ? i see myself more in the the intj description , compared to intp , but i don't think i'm an intj . after spending time in the intj forum , i can easily say that i don't think or talk like them . same with ... logic is a tool to keep myself in check ; i see overemotionality as an obstacle . my best mode of problem solving is basically just talking about it until the answer comes to me ; it doesn't matter if ... sorry for the long wait , but i did finally read the profile you referenced . i really did not fit the description . i prize logic , but i do not go to the extent ti seems to go . i actually didn't relate very well to the ti description . what say you ? i definitely feel drained by people , especially strangers . as for the j / p , that's a little trickier for me . what i mean is , in terms of things like dinner dates , or appointments , i like to know when ... before i read all that ( which , i have to say , is very impressive ) , i'm gonna answer your question . ( fair warning : these answer are based on what i know of the types . they might not be true , or ... very clear introversion : 21/21 moderate intuition : 18/26 very clear thinking : 24/24 slight perceiving : 12/22 '