' potential alternative to consider : i'm going to begin by saying that i've very much loved an infj for years , though it was unrequited . after rekindling a friendship that had been not-so-close the past few months , we just recently ... fixed that for you , the rest of that sentence was basically unnecessary . edit : figured i should have something to say on what you actually care about , and having experienced attraction and love ... there was a time in human history before cheese . every time i read one of these i look for clues to see if the intp being talked about is me . yours comes very close actually ; i've had a very similar encounter , except i don't use an iphone . so :( ... 1 . desire / commitment for life partner without being desperate and obsessing about it , i'd say a 10 - - if i understand the question correctly . i am content with being single now , simply because ... i would agree that necessity fueled most of the scientific advancement we have seen over the last hundred years but would likely disagree as to what that necessity was--it is an extremely vague term ... the cause of the increase in living standards is irrelevant . if individuals only became wealthy by taking resources from the poor , it is logically impossible for everyone to be better off than they ... poverty doesn't exist in america , save those unlawfully imprisoned or neglected . even the homeless in america live better than most around the world . that said , relative poverty in america is ... why do we protect our presidents so much ? it's super expensive . this isn't a post against president trump--i'm actually surprised at how much i like what he is doing . but any president . they ... this is a pretty cool music video , but i find it really gets in the way of enjoying the song . i'd listen to it first , and then watch the video after . pro-life , and anti-abortion . this really should be a poll , though from the comments it seems i am outgunned :P so we're at 13-0 for jack . that can either be because it is true , because intps suffer from much self doubt or spend so much time learning that we know what a real master can do--leading us to never ... i haven't heard that lullaby before , it's nice .. thanks for sharing ! why is it that the more bored i am , the more i run from sleep ? meh . everything is so blah . i can't think of anything that sounds good ... * whispers * there's always sleep . no ! i'd rather ... no to all . when i first read the op my initial reaction was to dismiss these being a ' trend ' in intpism . but looking at the responses , it certainly looks as if i am outnumbered . however , there ... black box lighty up button on front . spinny thing in a little pop out door . shiny on back , and a tangle of black cables running out of the back . resplendent . always has been my favourite word . don't understand why it isn't everyone's lol i do what billions before me have done . i suck it up and get it done while figuring out a way to make it better . quitting a job because it's boring is a completely foreign idea to me . its just part ... as others have said , museums and aquariums are awesome . but even more than those , if someone invited me to the lake to boat , swim , sit , talk , anything , i would be there unless i absolutely hated them . it seems that people used to be more useful . but we don't teach our kids to be influential . we don't teach them basic skills on how to be so . in fact we have a culture that dissuades any real action , ... it seems like your goal is to minimize darkness , and maximize light . yet every person has their own darkness . our hearts are filled with it . if everyone simply kept to themselves , they would have all ... i want to warn that doing nothing is not a guarantee of also doing no harm . sometimes , people are hurt worse by complete inaction and what seems to be indifference than an active miss-step . your ... my roommate was feeling a bit high and mighty one day and was slightly upset at some stupid thing or another . so he tried to tell me what to do in the presence of the other roommates ( i live with ... yeah , i understand what you say . thank you ; i guess we can be rejection buddies lol . unfortunately , infj and those same friends no longer talk . between being indignant on my behalf and moving ... i'm a head supervisor and repairman for a pool company . i don't plan on being here forever , but i forsee it lasting another two years at the least ; more likely three years . i enjoy the job , and it ... thank you for feeling , and for your evaluation and advice . your ellipses before is possible would seem to indicate you think it is unlikely ? i sure hope not ... the last thing i want to ever ... thanks for the well wishes ! regarding my evaluation , i've told her how i feel and that she absolutely is my type . once when i first started feeling this way , and again when these feelings grew ... i can't sleep . but i know that now that i've said it , as soon as i put everything down and just roll over i'll be out . as nice as it is to fall asleep quickly , i've stayed up too late and the whole ... when i was a kid , i basically wanted to be high class homeless . i wanted to go to the woods , build myself a hut with moss on the roof and spend my days surviving off of the land and enjoying the ... i don't consider voice cracks embarrassing . and i dislike farts / burps that are out loud . so slightly uncomfortable :P please allow me to begin by stating i have been away from my computer for a few days . to those who's replies have gone unanswered during that time , i wish to say that they were valued and i have been ... they are legal to own in new york . even new york city . also , guns are not solely designed to ventilate briskets . there are many designed solely for punching paper , for example . the olympians use ... sorry for the late post ; i wasn't quite sure how to reply to yours , and wanted to give it's content some thought . in fact , i'm still not entirely sure , but thank you for your advice ; rationally , it ... only a few . i've never been hunting , but own half a dozen or so hunting rifles . about the same number of . 22 rifles . a few c & r battle rifles from wwii . and a couple of handguns . i'm a better shot ... thank you , very much . that people have not come to this thread saying that i am a creep , that i am being possessive and hurtful and disrespectful--that this is not a story of love but of something ... interesting theory , though i'm not quite sure i see it in action ; especially in my own life but in others that i have observed as well , the fact that nobody else wants something is enough for many to ... so what would you say is a good thing to do with it , as you mention ? thanks , those are feelings i do feel , and as you say they make me uncomfortable . i don't think i have a right to be jealous of those around her , and jealousy is ugly . it helps to hear you say that . i don't think she does intend it , as we pulled back from each other for the last year . its only recently in the past month or so that we have begun to spend time outside of church with each other . ... at the time , it wasn't really untrue . i didn't think her personality was compatible with mine ; she is bubbly and flighty and outgoing and slightly childish , whereas i am ( and still am to an extent ) a ... cussing at me , or at her ? lol as to your son , assuming a lot , he resented the advice you gave and left ? if so , as much as i can give at the moment , i feel for you . is he unhappy now because he got ... earthsong you have been kind , thank you . i default to a doormat , but perhaps that will one day change . if it was anyone but her , it would be different . you can stay and say what you wish , i do ... thank you both for the responses so far . it hurts to hear it , though it's nothing i haven't heard many times before . i guess i just don't know how to give up on it . premature loyalty i suppose . ... many of these were models , so weren't feeling much of anything . however , the genuine faces threw me . but i went from getting very few right to getting my last 20 correct in a row . there's a pattern ... so i never wanted to do this on perc , since so many of the posts here are like this . intps are the pre-hipster hipsters . so hipster that we don't even conform to hipster norms ( note , i'm just a doofy ... i actually seldom know what the words to songs are ... the vocals are just another instrument to me . in fact , i still don't know the words to some of my favourite songs that i've been listening to for ... i'm a blacksmith irl , and so choose things that reflect my hobby and profession . ted cruz at 94 % worst was martin o'malley at 7 % , bernie sanders at 8 % sent from my nexus 4 using tapatalk '