' i'm so happy that i'm doing creative things . at work , all of my creativity is pushed aside , and i do a lot of work and overtime . i am writing parodies now , which i've always wanted to do ! i think of ... aw man ! it got me mostly wrong ! gender : male ... nope , i'm female . age : 18-28 ... nope , i'm 34 1/2 intelligence : gifted ... i don't know , in the arts , i am . i'm a writer and i'm meticulous when ... one of your teachers hated you ? hate is such a strong word . if my teacher hated me , sheesh ... i'd probably try to switch out of the class . i had a teacher in 3rd grade that told my mom i wouldn't ... my bf is sleeping over . his workshop is nearby and he is in the living room working on his laptop ( he's nocturnal ) , while i'm trying to will myself to sleep ( i'm a 1st shifter ) ... my text : ... anyone find this ? ? ? 8tracks | radio , rediscovered . has anyone ever watched this video ? i love it and watch it when i want to grin from ear to ear ! can i has the weekend again ? i'm tired and there's 4 more workdays to go , lol ! i'm totally excited ! having my dinosaur themed house warming party tomorrow night ! in the park close to my apartment , they are showing jurassic park , which is one of my favorite movies ! i'm ... so this is the jist of what my coworker said . he's an athiest , so he was kinda annoyed by the question , but i scolded him that athiests have to be open minded too if they demand that from religious ... dude ! my coworkers just got back from a hostel in nz ! i should ask him about the situation . he's a world traveler and has stayed in many hostels . i would slip into any further the conversation ... in my opinion , your definition is pretty good . being clingy is really close to being needy , some say they are interchangeable . but i think needy is like you can't do anything yourself . people ... i am in this very situation now . let me give you a short history of me . dates not bfs : i am totally turned off if i know a person for less than a month and they are all over me and professing ... if someone is acting like an idiot , and i want them to know ( like a close friend or family ) , i will give them the hard truth or sarcasm and put nice i love you , just want the best for you icing on ... i also love people unconditionally . i do not like or even hate what people do , but i love them and think everyone deserves respect and help ( sometimes imprisonment ) . i have been hurt by friends and ... ... i have all sorts of colorful dreams , from dreams of muppets at the oscars , to nightmares of cat fur paper causing jams in the inserter machine at work . even if a dream bothers me , and i do have ... oh geeze ! i didn't realize that there was an area dedicated to this already ... i went camping and just got back today . i'll respond ... noooes ! ! ! not ready for the blah of office work today ! got back from the northern country area of my state late last night , and got 3 hours of sleep , but this city gurl hung out with old friends , ... hey fellow enfps , i am curious about enfp usage of social networking sites . i made a poll and i thought of a few questions . i will answer them too and feel free to add questions and discuss ... lol , actually , i have been listening to disney on pandora . it wasn't the last song , but one of them , and i love that song anyways ! love phil collins ! ! ! totally looks like silent hill outside , and i had to leave before dawn this morning to get to work early so i could leave early to get on the road for my camping trip this evening . i'm glad freddy , ... dude ! too bad she doesn't like utilikilts ! i love a man in one ... i think all men should wear them ! :D do you guys feel like music is always in your head ? because if i'm not singing about what i'm doing , there's a song in my head , either made up or from something . like i just woke up for work and ... sharing what i posted in another thread : i saw a video at work last month about what to do if someone comes into the building with a gun . the actors were tv quality ... not that bad but not like ... does anyone have a fashion style they'd like to get into ? for me , it's the 60s professional styles , like jackie kennedy wore . 180018 yeah , like i can only see using invisibility mode if you want to hide from people you know or if you have made enemies or stalkers . like , maybe if you are supposed to be working but your coworker ... my name means clear , and i am an open book , wearing my heart on my sleeve . i'm going to see a free movie in the park tonight and another one tomorrow night . there are so many free events and i try to go to as many as possible . but it's so hard to get my family , friends and ... thank you for responding . sounds like you have come a long way . i hope you continue to grow and learn more about your desires and the right relationship for you . general thought about this ... i also found your posts disturbing . you say you genuinely appreciate the female body , yet in one of your escapades , a woman got pregnant . learning the female body will tell you the trials of ... i like you pic too ! it's so colorful and fun ! ! ! i like you pic too ! it's so colorful and fun ! ! ! i'm an enfp . maybe it's related to being a fe . i saw a video at work last month about what to do if someone comes into the building with a gun . the actors were tv quality ... not that bad but not ... cute kid ! you know , you can edit your posts for up to 24 hours ? lol , thankies ! i'm a random trumpet player . learned in high school and got better over time . i sing mostly and continued singing in choirs through college . i want to join a choir , band , or do lounge singing . you know you're an enfp when you get all dolled up to drag your sickie self out of the house for a little last minute fun before the work week starts ( tonsillitis ) . you attempt to take a selfie , but ... i know that gender roles is a significant part of our society . is there a difference between male and female enfps ? because the enfp women who posted , including myself , pretty much said that we can ... i graduated with a ba in psychology and i'm two classes away from a ba in english ( have to pay off a semester first to finish it ) . during this time away from school , i realized that i cannot ... what's wrong with memories ? you haven't been to said places since childhood . memories are natural and sounds like they were good ones . how about looking up old pals and see what happens ? maybe you ... i like that . i totally think of my bf as a homebase and the person i want to have adventures with and excitedly talk about our day . another lolita ! ! ! i have 2 dresses , 1 skirt , and 2 jumpers . i'm part of the lolita society in my city . i try to buy only outfits with purple in it . i sometimes cosplay and try out other japanese ... related to emotions , i just fought back hardcore tears after hearing about a 5 year old that was just ran over , twice , in front of her pleading mother . i heard from a grandmother on the bus stop with ... yup . men are allowed to mosh pit together and be manly and bruise each other , and women doing that are warned that they might not be able to take it . i know some women who love the pit . i guess i do voices more often than i thought . i was helping a friend move yesterday and was replying to conversations to make certain things sound more epic . my friend's girlfriend started getting ... lol i'll scold it , but not beat him . he's just a guinea pig , not a rocket scientist ! you see an acronym that you know to stand for other things and have a good laugh at it . gps = guinea pigs that's it ! it's just like a hangover . i get nausea and head aches from bad arguments . i just want to sleep it off . and sometimes , i wake up to it the next day ! my best bud is trying to make a name for himself out in ny , if that doesn't work he plans to move to la . super hard . he's only been able to pull off small gigs here and there , and he has help from ... i am 100 % about my bf , our possible future , and happiness together ! but i have guy friends and hang out with them . i feel at ease around guys more than girls since early childhood . i attract gay guys ... '