' nfpi - performance artist-this type almost always manifests as a journey of shame gone too far . they usually only succeed in making other people uncomfortable . personality test results ... i was the quiet loner girl who read copiously during break . many assumed me to be intelligent from the get go so i suppose it's safe to say i was perceived as being so . i've never had a fondness for ... incompetent people annoy me so much , i hate having to elaborate or having to listen to them talk about the wrong thing . why can't we all just be on the same page understanding-wise ? better yet , why ... 1 . ) kind 2 . ) treats me well 3 . ) loyal and devoted 4 . ) intelligent 5 . ) interesting 6 . ) strong ( in all respects of the word [ mentally , emotionally , physically ] to some extent ) 7 . ) principled ... my dad tried to do this when i was younger , but luckily my mom ( who is also an extrovert , but a very introverted one ) was there to stop him . i don't think it's right for parents to do this as ... yeah , i do . which is ironic because according to some online stats ( which are always reliable :d ry :) i saw once , the preferred pastime of isfp's is supposedly watching tv . 4w5 because i'm sooo fucking deep and speshul . : rolleyes : 8w7 because i get mad at the drop of a hat . cp6w7 because i get mad at the drop of a hat . infp ( yeah i know this is about the ... - i like to look at my hands when i am bored because i find them aesthetically pleasing . - i run my hands through my hair when i get nervous . - i don't scream when i'm scared , my eyes just get really ... john : esfj rose : infj 4w5 jade : enfj dave : istp 3w4 jane : isfj 1w2 roxy : enfp 7w6 dirk : xntj 5w ? jake : esfp karkat : esfp cp6w7 terezi : entp mulan : isfp cp6w7 ariel : esfp 7w6 belle : inxp snow white : xsfj ( i don't really remember much about what she was like honestly ) cinderella : isfp 9w1 ( she seemed too motivated by self gain or whatever ... istj's 1 ' s . the protective , collected , silent , and devoted knight in shining armor ( at least i think of them that way ) . : blushed : it varies ; for me anything can be really hurtful at the wrong time and place . it's more about how emotionally fragile and vulnerable i am at the time than a certain phrase or insult . i'm ... everything and anything to one extent or another . :d ry : i've snapped at someone for breathing too loudly ... istj , so devoted , so collected / stoic , so down to earth . seriously , from what i've experienced , they offer the sort of uninhibited level of devotion i want / require . * dreamy sigh * : blushed : my least favorites are ( other ) 9 - fixers . grrr , so much conflict avoidance ime ! at least the 1 - fixers i know have been willing to undergo a sort of calm / collected hashing out of the fight after ... a grim fairy tale-esque forest . it makes me feel intrigued . i have a name . i'm a certain gender . i do things . i am ( am ) a type . yes . ( because i don't believe there to be such a thing as normal , at least , not universally speaking . ) op = tl ;d r . i don't even remember where i found this image tbh . it has a moon , some lady and that velvet voiced cat from sabrina the teenage witch , it illustrates my hatred for neon communist ... as a kid , i used to be really indecisive , my mom didn't want me to grow up to be an indecisive adult , so she always forced me to make my own choices . as a result , i've become a very decisive ... or despite having flat feet , i've never been clumsy . i've always been naturally pretty ok at sports , especially those involving hand-eye coordination and quick reflexes , like baseball . also , despite the ... infp , in my experience , anyway . beauty and grace . all of them but mine . no . isfj : si fe ti ne isfp : fi se ni te generally . : mellow : recieving love makes me happy . being with someone who actually makes me want to give love makes me exponentially more than happy . in god ; yes . not much else . my religion ( christianity ) is the one thing i have always agreed with and embraced in regards to being something i was born into in a way . it has always felt right in ... depends on what you think constitutes femininity . i think : traditionally-esfj , isfj modern day-enfp , infp the nt forum . i find their threads the most interesting and amusing to read . i actually reply here most though . no ... tris : isfp cp6 four : isfj ( at least according to the author , who's understanding of mbti i admittedly find questionable , but perhaps not completely so in regards to four , he's definitely an isxj from ... candor or amity . the only problems i'd have with either of them is candor's insensitivity and amity's conflict avoidance . more so with the second ; it would no doubt drive me insane . so , i think ... i love / really enjoy the individualistic learning aspect of college ; however i detest the work and time management aspects of it . if i were allowed to go about assignments ( because i do see the point ... over represented online . other than that i have no opinion as i've yet to meet one irl . isfp , female , meh ( so , yes on the poll ? ) . i'm so lazy i'm scared i won't ever do anything worth while over the span of my entire life . based off your cognitive test results ( which of course may possibly be inaccurate ) coupled with the fact that you are stuck between two fi dominant types , you may be an isfp with strong tert ni , ... i was with you until the last 3 words , practically speaking they're both pointless period , but within the bigger scope of things they're anything but . relaxation time . neither ; esfj's are the smartest . type alone isn't enough to dictate intelligence . :d ry : there is no smartest type , some types may have a propensity towards having higher iq's but as ... i'm on the computer ... ? very . perhaps this is somewhat a fi-dom thing ? me : isfp boyfriend : non-existent the small patches of hair located a few inches above the eyes ( or in taylor lautner's case , directly above the eyes ) . bad - costumer service . he's a bit more aggressive , realistic / aware of his surroundings than koizumi , she's eons more idealistic , day-dreamy , and fanciful , which seemed rather se over ne to me in regards to otani . plus , the ... '