' hi there everyone , sorry to hear it if it's true that this awesome thread has lost popularity . seems like it has though since the last post was in august . either way just in case some people are ... what is usually the cause for you to genuinely care for a person's well being ? ( related what what value their hold in society ? ) how do you show it ? include the aspects that seem to relate to being a ... i thought it's difficult to find a good finance job with a finance degree unless your from a top 10 school . you have no idea how much confusion you are clearing up for me . ^ ^ some pieces of data i've been seeking for so long . that's exactly what i thought ! but i just couldn't rationalize why people would pick such a topic if they wanted to mess around . wherever i looked the first thing people would say about the cpa is ... yeah that's what i meant when i said that i'm just doing it to open doors . plus , you can work internationally with that license and i don't see it being the same with engineers . can you work on ... how bad is it for an intuitive ? people say that it's awful and boring but the thing is ... most of the jobs i see most people doing do not look fun either . they tell me it's detail oriented and i hate ... just curious , why did you decide to base it more off of tone of voice ? is just what you usually do ? someone who's inner goals are complimentary to mine . someone who understands all the inner agony that i feel as a 4 and can help me find the truth about myself . my mother , everyone else is a sensor . her presence kept me sane . they never knew me all along . hmmm , that is interesting to me . given only that i can't say much more though . i do that too , try to read in tone of voice . i identify with both of the f-t / t-f axis . people who use one axis tell me i use the other because they don't relate to mine . haha , i suspected someone was going to say fi dom because of that last post , and not enough ne to make infp . plus , i looked like i'm easy to bully when i wrote about my childhood . i edited the last ... i forgot about this . i don't identify with it at all . i actually tend to feel repulsed when i interact with someone who lives by this . reminds me of quite a few people . ... i really don't think this has anything to do with anyone's type . i liked everything when i was a child and once i was in the right school i excelled and enjoyed everything without the slightest ... yes , i just took it again now . they are almost always contradictory , they don't tend to differ too often though . sometimes the functions where i typically score in the middle range change . i can't ... i didn't pay any attention to what type of questions i was answering . i just answered the one's where i could find something to write about , most of them seemed very daunting to think about somehow ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... huh . i didn't know you could do a search like that , i'm new here . only 11 4w3 intjs active ... assuming they are typed correctly , that's even more rare than i thought . and just for the record , i ... if any of you identify as intj 4w3 please tell me about how it manifests in your mbti type and how it makes you different from most intjs . are you secretive when you are working on a project or advancing in an area that you truly care for ? is it hard to find the words to describe it to someone else if they ask ? i feel like i'd never ... u3000 hah , this is exactly the sort of thing i was waiting for someone to say . would you say that you would put almost anything over the money and fame ? its importance is stereotypical among 3 ' s but how ... i've always assumed that type 3 is a type that is more common among sensors whether or not that is true , only now that i think about it , aren't sensors more common among all types ? since their ... the contents of this response is exactly what i was hunting for . i wanted to know whether something like this was associated with type 3 . i might just refrain from throwing type 3 out of the list of ... one main concern is that this lab report is group work and if these people are the one's that need most help than i am not in a good situation . i despise this type of teacher . we are going to be ... pretty much true yeah . but this kind of thing is uncomfortable . yes , it's bothering me quite a lot . no second year . what makes you think i'm a first year . i'm in the united states . i don't wanna drop even though the whole deal is quite ... hectic . i refuse to graduate late . in fact i'm obsessed ... you mean just not speak with her when you say ignore her ? i suppose that's an option , only that if you have problems later and you need to speak with her than it might up with me looking like someone ... um anyways , i just want to know whether i should watch out for anything long term and perhaps what i should do at this point exactly . this looks like a bad sign to me so i don't wanna run into ... i don't know if your being literal about the country thing . - biology 1 ( 5 ) - physics for engineers 1 ( 5 ) - general chem 2 ( 5 ) - calculus 1 ( 5 ) - statistics ( 4 ) - economics ( 3 ) i'm not sure what you mean about the classes . this is the first biology class that where your grade doesn't seem as test based though , we do a lot of meaningless things in there that don't pertain to ... that's what i thought which is why i made this thread , because i feel like withdrawing and if i do that any longer i'm gonna get supremely screwed . i was already in a horrific mood when she said that ... i am not doing well in that class even though i intend to get an a but since i'm taking 27 units am not adjusted to my schedule yet . i have never done this before and therefore for the first homework ... i also don't know what i'm attracted to . i could be imagining this , but it seems like computer science , engineering , science , and business all seem to be more connected with society while doctors ... that's the thing , i really don't know . for example a scientists ( including computer scientists ) deal with a lot of pure theory . while ideally someone who goes into engineering has more of a problem ... ^ ^ yes ... [ / font ] [ / color ] the t-shaped knowledge business is very suited for me and i know that this becomes more and more true , but according to some research , it's still riskier than just ... i noticed that nobody really commented on what would be a good combination with business . and where are you with that at the moment . glad to hear you stand by your decision back then . how exactly did you study it online ? i think i need to spend some time and do that . i've though of that method but my interests and the subjects i'm good at just don't make very smooth ... overlaps . :( ... this is not your opinion of the majors i've listed yes ? lol . most are very math heavy . i've run out of time to pick and choose it seems , the classes in each major start in sophomore year which i will begin in just couple days . i'm registered for a bunch of science and business courses ... if your a genius which i'm not , not sure i wanna start a billion dollar company anyways . i find it interesting that your reasons for these majors seem so pragmatic , yet you say your a solid advocate for doing what you enjoy . say you do chemical engineering , doesn't that already have a ... have fun ? how could anyone have fun in the tornado you've described and if engineering swallowed that much of your time than how did you manage cs on top of it ? what kind of school was this ? all the ... you mean the majors i've mentioned right ? yeah all the concepts in geology really drew me in because it was so easy to see how everything was connected . i really liked the first few days of class ... until the damn rocks came in and it didn't ... hello , i'd appreciate advice on how to choose 2 majors ( definitely doing ) and wanted to get some advice from nt's and decided that intj was a fair match based on what i'm considering . - natural ... and a majority of the type 4 manifestations apply to you right ? '