' fist in the air and a finger to the sky . do i care if you hate me ? do you wanna know the truth ? c'est la vie ... adiós ... good riddance ... fuck you ! something like that . : happy : tact is for people who aren't witty enough to be sarcastic . i'm can be diplomatic when it matters . of course , i learned that through trial and error . i've been listening to a lot of five finger death punch lately . specifically ... five finger death punch - under and over it - youtube that awkward moment when someone wants to hang out with you ... i know what you mean . my friends always tell me to just stop by but , i feel like i'm inviting myself if i ask to come over . ... pretty much always when i'm on the highway or freeway . the real question is , do you drive fast through the twisties ? my infp mom says that i'm the reason she's a bit off . as everyone has said , i absolutely access my emotions through music . even more so , by playing music . work by cornell university psychologist david dunning and then-colleague justin kruger found that x93incompetent people are inherently unable to judge the competence of other people , or the quality ... for me it's continued disrespect , continued betrayal of trust , and / or using me . i've walked away from immediate family members for crossing those lines with me too many times . answering the original question . i'm a lot more laid back these days but , provoke me too far and you'll be very sorry . that said , knowing exactly what i can do to people , from real life ... it depends on who i'm with , really . for instance , my business partner isn't too keen on sarcasm so i just keep my witty little comments to myself . other times it's just a one word comment . the ... time and place . serious moments call for serious responses . this guy's dying , we need help ! nah ... ya ' think ? doesn't quite fit . damn it , gonna need a napkin before this soda spills ... i've been with my wife for a little over 16 years and absolutely need to make me-time every day . love her to pieces but , i just can't spend all of my free time with her . she's an infp and that does ... current hobbies , in no particular order : 1 ) video games ( mostly fps and rpg ) . 2 ) making things grow . 3 ) just started learning how to ride a dirt bike . 4 ) shooting guns . 5 ) building things . 6 ) ... tact is for people who aren't witty enough to be sarcastic . :D i grew up watching monty python and benny hill . so , yeah ... i can be very extroverted in a musical setting . i have gad ( general anxiety disorder ) but , not social anxiety . however , part of that is not being comfortable in social settings so , um , yeah . <--- dominant male monkey motherfucker , right there . although , yes , i would prefer to be second in charge instead of leading . i know an eod guy who just came back and was embedded with a seal team . navy eod is the only eod authorized to operate with specops teams because they get much of the same training . i really wanted to enlist into combat arms and go specops , i even had a former army sf operator who was going to help me get into the pipeline but , i messed my body up too badly when i was younger ... shadow moments . because i sit like that when i think , which is frequently . i do try to be clothed in public , though . 1 . it's not secrecy , it's privacy . there's a difference . 2 . i finish most of my projects and abhor clutter . 3 . because we don't know what we may be doing at any given time . 4 . often times , we're ... i wear a baseball cap pretty much every day . when it's really cold i'll wear a beanie . my wife says that i can have an entire conversation with just my eyes . i've also intimidated otherwise tough guys by staring at them . oh , and there's little quite as intimidating as the stare ... eddie murphy robin williams dave chappelle katt williams pablo francisco ^ ^ ^ look at it this way . would you prefer he be taking highly addictive opiates for his pain issues ? pills kill more people a year than auto accidents and peanuts kill more people a year than pot ... yep , i'm a big kid at heart and i'm not at all ashamed to admit it . however , i'm not childish because i understand time and place as well as how to be responsible while having fun . i hate being tied to a phone but , business requires it . i text any time i can . swallow your fear | psychology today i read this article and the very first thing i thought of was all of the how do you do it ? questions that get asked on the istp forum . well , there's ... try gardening . ... baby , you were born this way . : crazy : i wasn't always as cold as i am now , that's been the product of my environment . i used to be much more carefree . otherwise though , i've pretty much ... i was a silly drunk when i was younger , then i started turning into an angry drunk so i stopped drinking altogether . i also don't really like the numb feeling . i much prefer the ganja . being like this is a total bitch on the internet , where little pussies hide behind computer / tv screens and can say anything they want without ( much ) fear of physical reprisal . it's best to remember ... one of my oldest and dearest friends is an infj i had a major crush on in high school . ^ ^ ^ my wife says that my posture has a lot to do with me being intimidating . i'm alert and stand upright with confidence . i've also usually got the default blank expression that's pretty much ... the most common things i hear now are ... are you ok ? and you need to smile more . both are from my band leader , who is almost certainly a touchy feely type . sounds really good , man . my wife's an infp and gets dragged into the middle of things with friends . she just flat out tells them that she doesn't want to be the in the middle because they're both her friends , and so on and ... i've been told that i'm intimidating many times . i'd say that i initiate contact about 50/50 depending on what it is and how important it is . nice playing , man . very solid meter , groove , and feel . i've been playing drums for 23 years and play professionally . i started in sixth grade school band and never stopped . i can read and write ... i'm a backyard mechanic . troubleshoot all the way and i usually do start with well , when this other car did this ... i'll just kind of sit and stare at a problem while i think about it and work ... i agree with this . unless you're a criminal , nobody should have to earn basic human respect . respect for skills and talents ? absolutely . trust in those abilities ? absolutely . being treated like ... there are only three jobs i'd do in the military . combat arms ( i'd absolutely love to be a special forces weapons sergent ) , psyops , or drummer ( which i already do professionally ) . the only job i'm ... unfortunately , i rebelled against wanting to join the military for too long and have no chance at special operations ( green berets are special forces , seals are seals , rangers are rangers , airborne ... i'll add another analogy to the mix . you can lead a horse to water but , you can't make it drink . in other words , there's only so much you can do . let him plot all he wants and he'll eventually come to the logical conclusion that doing nothing , at least for the time being , is the best move . it's better than being impulsive and actually doing ... '