' stressed i've never worked out for more than twenty minutes without wanting to die . an intp finds that integrating himself into society to be an easy and painless process . that's the joke . - the idea of energy ( tao ) , auras i believe in body language and the idea that you can give off a vibe but not direct energy . - if there is something like a soul i believe in hormones and ... i like this answer . why not just put the image on a piece of paper for you to appreciate instead of imprinting into your body ? ski-ba-bop-ba-dop-bop no . well if i don't do it , then someone else will do it anyway . asmr ain't so bad . well feeling good sure as hell beats feeling bad , so yeah . i think that's what we are all after . no , because then he would be trying to kill me . you can argue good or evil is relative and i agree with you . but it doesn't change the fact that if you are put under enough stress or put through a ... this . also this . nope , i'm actually a robot made by aliens to spy on humans . so far they are disappointed . i voted yes . i figure that punching him isn't going to change his view point on genocide , unless you're directly torturing him to change his ways . ( which is cheating anyway . ) i don't mean to sound ... you will never learn to function in a society . you will never be appreciated . you will never be thought of as anymore than a creepy asshole . you will never feel fulfilled . you will live in fear for ... this is how i sometimes feel talking to them . feel like ravenclaw would get boring . people just sitting around reading books all day . slytherin would be much more interesting , but i dislike the idea of being around angsty people all day ... 595890 close up . taking a year off to work on yourself is a worthwhile thing to do . provided you have the right mindset . currently taking a year off and i don't regret a thing . if you go to college straight ... why ? all hell breaks loose . i become the marine from doom and wanna take on the world . especially if i'm drunk . well considering most of what i do is trying to kill my emotions for the sake of greater thinking skills , getting someone to access my emotions takes someone that is determined . frankly i'm afraid ... jacob , one of my old tutors at a place i used to go to when i was a sophomore in high school . some backstory on the guy is that he was one of those gifted kids who graduated high school early and ... well if you compare a society that has altruism as a core principle and take one that is the direct opposite , obviously the former is going to be objectively better . so i do support it as a concept ... i'd love to know your response . i'm approaching that stage of my life , as a young adult . tell me your experiences . if you would . i have pretty dark thoughts too , so yeah i have thought of that . cold and calculating is one of the best ways ( if not the best ) to live in this world of ours . the ability to predict and change the ... moving out and working a job full time for a year . i'm eighteen so it is either do that or start college . what ignorance in your life has kept you down as a person , restricting you to be the best person possible ? i am curious because i am a young adult and appreciate any greatly useful advice that i can ... very satisfying to hear this . good to know something so beautifully sweet happen to one of us . i await one of these experiences to happen in my life , to bury a few bed memories from my past with ... duplicate 559762 what are your favorite game of thrones houses and characters ? why do you like them and why do you find them interesting ? you're probably just using an alternate account , using this one for satire or to troll this forum . you're probably another intj that frequents here . personality quirk . strange is a subjective adjective . being called strange doesn't bother me , mostly because the people that are willing to tell me to my face that i am a strange person are usually ... depends . low confidence and low self esteem in the form of targeting other's self esteem is not only boring to see but most likely to lose all respect i could have for that given person . a lot of ... jaime lannistar in game of thrones . i assumed you meant a shit bag . and toilet bag was literally just a nice word for shit bag . yeah . only for the faint of heart and extremely bitter my friend . but i know exactly what you are talking about . it's almost like a need to mean to someone , to be a vicious bastard to someone just because ... google translate disagrees with that . false in the sense that is simply cannot be true due to unbiased clear logic . bothers me quite a bit . this is pushing for gender equality , but what good is this gonna do ? so what if a face on a dollar bill is changed , it literally changes nothing . people believe this will do ... no opinion on my part . haven't decided yet . looking for your answers . what do you guys think ? been around the forums for awhile now ... feel as if this is appropriate . 512233 it's a satisfying feeling to see your hard work pay off . especially for an intj . pride is pointless . sacrifice as much as you possibly can in your lifetime . don't be so hard on yourself . there's a difference between pushing yourself and hating yourself . common hobbies for intjs to have ? 1 . competence everything else falls underneath does it by itself . '