' one time my parents were fighting over my dad's affair and my dad pushed my mom . the fall broke her finger . she's pointed a gun at him and made him get on his knees and beg for his life . she's ... i'm gonna talk about what a piece of shit my dad is now . he's an alcoholic and he has some kind of serious mental problem when it comes to complying with the irs . ( in his words , laws don't apply ... omg ... at the women's center i lived at , run by a catholic charity , the fat bully program manager took it upon herself to change policy so that tenants were forced to attend the christmas party . if ... i don't work , but i have a calling i am 100 % committed to 24/7 with no vacation or off days ever . i'm a kundalini mystic . oh , i don't get paid , either ! it's one of those destined things ... my art teacher in high school had a stack of art school catalogs . when i saw the one for the school i ended up going to , i immediately knew that was the one . without any research . it was like when ... infj communication design nope , too much execution , i'm a mystic now i got a degree from one of the best schools in the world for that field , but actually having a career in it was unsustainable because it engaged my inferior function directly . so in my case , even ... absolutely and i don't know who tf you think in this day and age isn't familiar with employment . ? ? ? what planet are you living on ? ! and how did you ever pass kindergarten ? somebody actually employs you ? ... no , it's an issue of taking responsibility for your own sexual response . it's called self-discipline . it starts in the mind . internalize your sexuality , then you're not at the mercy of how other ... oh i think i should also say , if i didn't imply or say it above , that this won't make sense if you've always been healthy - - if you were allowed to develop naturally . this is for people who were ... do something out of character ( inferior function immersion ) - - this will put you in danger , pumping exciting danger / stress chemicals into your body . going against the grain . it's the psychological ... it kind of sounds believable [ / quote ] you guys haven't been through stuff like this ? man you've had it easy you know , last year i spent months hauling my tales of woe around craigslist rants and ... how to know if an estp likes you 1 . they put their hand down your pants don't estps like getting beaten with chains , too ? since you guys are immune to physicality and need as much stimulation as possible to even register being alive ... getting beaten with chains and ... enfps don't get god-oriented in crisis though at first i thought he was an infj who'd grown up in his inferior function and was living a false estp identity , because my life story parallels his so closely , and that's what happened to me . what ... sorry infj , fellow infj here , estps don't care about anything but your flesh . have you shared your body with your estp ? they might miss that , i guess , but it's a long shot ... physical life here on ... not have the ballz ? i told my estp gf she was a parasite when i dumped her ... that was after she'd threatened to punch me in the mouth ... oh another thing ! have you ever had sex with a te person ? te vs fe sex . here's how it goes down : te person will actually say to you , i can't do this if you're gonna make those faces , and will ... the only reason te people call everything unstable is because they're too sensitive ! they're the unstable ones ! ! ! can't handle a little fe brow scrunch ! wow , grow up that case manager also ... you've probably been treated like shit your whole life by te people . i've been treated like shit just for my fe facial expressions , and i'm a very cold , controlled person . ( capricorn moon square ... eternity > no time > wen-nefer you know who got defragmented ? osiris osiris > underworld > pluto > shamanism , soul retrieval what does the exchange look like where you become more physical and less spiritual ? or is it always less ? every time we meet i'm less and you're less ? where does that lead ? yikes ... i had an isfj mother who thought ni stuff was scary , of the devil , or just insane , so i abandoned ni at age 5 and learned to hate myself in an effort to stay in her good graces and avoid her wrath . ... although , during pluto transits , the whole point is to get eaten but i'm talking about my relationship with se on a daily basis , when it's not crisis time my thing that i'm into is using my inferior as a mirror ... like gazing into a scrying mirror otherwise i just get eaten by it imo that's a proper ni-se dynamic oh dear . trees have stronger and weaker roots , but they never have just one root . not the healthy ones anyway . may you find balance . * hug * [ / quote ] my problem has been over identification ... the dirty people also remind me of people who don't know who they are , they are disempowered , they have no sense of their own vitality , so they're zombies . moths attracted to a source of light ( smoke ... i've made a lot of sacrifices for my ni i think the trade i'm talking about is an se-dom meets ni-dom thing . that sort of interaction could generally be characterized as mutual relief of burden . or at least that's where it's easiest to ... do you identify with the woman who takes in the smoke ? what i've noticed is that there's a trade going on between me and people i encounter ( whether ... you must decode the symbol or you will be impoverished i think the infj who tries to live a normal life is like a criminal on the run . eventually you have enough inferior se experiences that you're now a criminal who is surrounded by cops . you have ... everything outside of me is a trap . everything in the physical world is a trap if i get a job , something bad will happen if i take a walk , something bad will happen i don't like the ... ok so i have an alien / ghost living inside me it left when i was 5 . from that age until 30 , i had only negative changes due to constant trauma , cuz i was stuck in my inferior function . i literally ... wow . you obviously made up your mind what advice you wanted and didn't get it so you're throwing a hissy fit . you did that in your cartoon thread too . it's gross that you're even comparing your ... i don't even know what your situation is but i'm appalled by the invalidating responses . people who preach about gratitude have either had lives that are far too easy or they live in denial that ... infj daria i think it's more of a cap moon thing than a type thing the person wants to have sex with me ( which is horrific , because i hate physical sex ) i don't have a fb profile it's definitely bad for you if you don't like your family or people you went to high school with . i fall into both of those categories . i prefer strangers . i don't ... worst dillard's sales associate my first month there , i reported so much theft 10 people were fired . store manager thanked me , ops manager told me to stop reporting so she wouldn't lose her ... well , i can tell you what happens when it all goes wrong ... in college , i was at a party in a dorm room . in my dorm building . there was a guy i liked , i cornered him in the bathroom and kissed ... ha ! not fair ? my younger brother has the entire top floor of the house to himself . that's 2 bedrooms , a living area , and a full bath . all to himself . for free ! even though he makes $ 40,000 a year . ... i already talked about this elsewhere but i like saying it as much as possible because it makes people lose their minds i only shower once a month , when my period is over . i don't shave anywhere ... stay on your turf then . leave mbti . if you're an sj you have nothing to complain about in life because society is structured to make sure you have it easy . you don't need a tool like personality ... somebody mentioned not blaming personality type for lack of success or something ... for me it has helped to know the limits of my type so i can stop wanting delusional things like being a pop star ... i used to get really annoyed because i was surrounded by people who turned everything i said into a meme . you know , like , you have a genuine complaint , and the person invalidates you by not saying ... i think the only sustainable solution for an infj is to value the spirit world over the physical . invisible support . '