' 1 . be crazy , it's your charm . you'll only hate yourself if you be one of those ' standard kids ' 2 . i'm certain there's more . just forgot about it what is your definition of ' amazing ' ? yep . started college last week , after taking a gapyear because i just could not decide on what . a few of my choices are : linguistics ( had to take a different course before that , because our system ... i find myself staying concentrated for an extended amount of time if i have some sort of background noice . music with meaningless lyrics , things that can't work as distracting . about the staying ... i usually don't do anything , or step up the sarcasm . depends on the person , normally 4 infp's , a enfp , 2 isfj's and a isfp i used to be , haven't played it in a long time . still should be . dunno how i memorize it , i just .. do ? the moment i see a picture and the card is turned back , i still see the picture . so like , for ... lol don't sweat it , what is time on a timeless site ? hmmmhm feel u , once you get the basics , it's quite easy to figure out the technical part behind it . yet typing yourself is completely different xd hello and welcome ~ nice to meet you ! hopefully you have a nice stay here :) as the thread states , you can ' write a minimum of 9 facts ' . nothing stated the max pinina i got an intx feel woops .. lumosaria hmm , ixtx altruisticmisanthropist xnxj 1 . i like making plans , but i usually forget them after 2 days , so i stopped sticking to them . 2 . my parents ... gender : undetermined age : 24-34 intelligence : superior openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : enfp closest alternative we found : enfj i'm 17 and nowhere near enfj tho , but okk :) maybe i am , maybe i am not .. who knows hahahaahah thanks but knowing that someone pretends to care is even worse than just not caring at all :) although i know what you mean ahahahha poor people that cross your path i was brought up with the if you don't have anything nice to say , don't say anything at all attitude , so i'm kinda quiet around people . ahwell , i feel ... ahahha , it's not that i noticed it at myself . but more like , when you look at the younger ones and the older ones , you see a certain .. difference ? kinda . if you get me ? i am good at singing , although my parents and neighbors probably think otherwise drunk parrot i did lol . although this wouldn't be the first time i noticed diamante 1 . i couldn't agree more . when i start reading something because i find it interesting , i'll get to , like , maybe half of it , or if i don't find what i was looking for / what i thought would ... 1 . i like to read up on it , but other than that i have absolutely no knowledge of it 2 . i'm quite young , so i wouldn't say i have had any serious romantic relationships , but my two closest friends ... acetrainergreen sure , why not ahahah hey there ! nice to meet you :) i was the same ( still am woops ) , lurking and trying to figure out if i'm entp or enfp xd hey ! welcome to perc and nice to meet you , too . a lot of new entp's are joining lately :) i'll just give my two pennies . look up the difference between ne-ni and ti-te . what fits you best ? i don't really know a lot about mbti , so i can't tell for sure , but it might clear up some things ... hi there ! welcome and nice to meet you ! this site is really good for understanding and learning more about a lot of different things ! i'm not all that debative , and easily think to myself don't even talk about it , they won't understand anyway . also when someone comes off too strong , or if i'm not sure of people's intentions , i ... irmalair 1689 apparently there are a few more , but i have yet to meet them :) once you jimin , you can never jimout . infjennifer yes hahaha , i'll just stuck with enxp really . i'm still young , so maybe when i matured a bit more , i'll type myself again :) obv : i admit , you proved me wrong . it is interesting :) that's okay ! i wasn't really expecting another explanation , just a reference to a page or something ;) obv if you look at it , we are all just a bundle of nerves and shit . everything we do is programmed . not just our decisions . everything . i just like to think i have an own will , as you said it so ... i said i don't know how to classify what drives me to make the decisions i make . and honestly , the information you gave is so little i have nothing to go from . so no , it does not help nor confuse me . obv but what's the fun in that ? making a new thread to address something that will probably only get 2 reactions . just say it here and then continue with the previous topic or a new topic . isn't that ... drunk parrot thanks ! i realised i am too young to fully type and can't fully express myself , because english isn't my first language . ab but now i am curious as for what you do for a living . what kind of industry ? medicine ? sports ? serial killing ? i haven't read the whole thread , sorrynotsorry . if you already answered that , well ... drunk parrot oh are you serious ? i always see married people and people who work and stuff but that's the main point , i have no idea how i make decisions . decision's are made so it benefits me ... i got intp , quite striking if i might add . irmalair 1689 underaged buddy . i thought i was the only one here ; - ; hello again xd basic questions : 1 ) age or age range ? nearing my 18th birthday 2 ) city , country and / or region ? netherlands , zeeland 3 ) tell us something about your social life ? pretty ... drunk parrot wasn't the problem that i was too young ? xd idontthinkso exactly this . toilet infjennifer i wanted to thank you again ! i've been hanging around the enfp forum and i feel in place ! thanks ! i don't , simple as that . no alright , i usually sleep around 2/3 am and wake up around 6/7 , bright as always . drawing , painting , knitting , sewing , crochet ( if those three are considered creative ) , writing , acting , cosplay , sometimes i'm making games . name it and i've done it :) used to do various kinds of karate , because that was one way to channel my energy . but due to medical reasons , i had to stop . enxp :) dem logics hahaha ok ill stop and what if i just did that , would you believe me ? maybe i waited 20 years before this moment . maybe i'm just trolling . who knows . hmm , hands does sound appealing .. ahahahahahahhaah yes im 17 . sorry hahahaah try me . infjennifer ah thank you ! sometimes its easier to type others than to type yourself hahahahhaahahahah u guys , seriously woaa , thanks ! this makes sense ! i think of an xnfp then ( still not quite sure if im an i or an e ) :) '