' stop stealing from me ! it's driving me crazy the way you've been acting , so oblivious to the damage you're doing . your selfishness and in-authenticity are pathetic . you're stealing my sense of me ... coffee , fly-by , huh ? traveling around the world in a year with a close friend or two . every country , all the secret tucked away places tourists never get to see , and all the big ones too . experiencing everything with ... far and away ( despite tom cruise's terrible irish accent ) the notebook ( yes , yes , i'm a girl , i'm sorry ) xmen : origins ( yes , really ) silver linings playbook ( hilarious ) moulin rouge ( always been a ... i really want to eat some pie . like now . i keep staring at this last piece of pumpkin pie on the counter and daydreaming about it , but i haven't had anything healthy or substantial to eat all day ... sounds like what a good psychologist would do . often after listening for a while and getting a feel for their patients problems / state of mind they can see past certain issues , motivations , and ... ugg ... even reading the words passive aggressive gets my pulse racing and my blood boiling . i'm an infp and whether or not this is true to our personality type or simply my own nature , i consider ... i agree with pretty much everyone's opinion here so far . the only thing i can really add is that as aggravating as it may seem , you really shouldn't let yourself get too upset or question her ... let's see ... i went to my first party and drank my first beer at the age of 16 at a cop named catfish's house , and after a very wild night ( most of which i still don't remember ) i woke up early ... conversation between me and my 7 year old daughter yesterday ... me : ok we're going out for dinner . jasmin : oohh can we get sub sandwiches ? me : no it's cinco de mayo . we're having mexican ... you have no idea . i think they should have added no teeth to their sign also . this is tennessee after all . ( totally not joking ) just stopped in the little local grocery store and noticed the no shirt , no shoes , no service sign had no pants added to it in black marker . this tells me that enough people have tried shopping ... i very much prefer fiction over nonfiction any day . i love the escapism that comes with completely emersing myself into a new world , especially those with some sort of mystical or supernatural twist ... i actually kind of want to punch ' lol ' in the throat most days if i'm being honest . especially when i catch myself using it - - which happens much more often than i like to admit . :D by the way ... nashville , tennessee :) i am so effing tired of this passive aggressive , woe is me , emotionally manipulative bullshit . it is frikin exhausting walking on eggshells and feeling like i am some emotionless cyborg just because ... i basically dress for comfort but do my best to look more polished than frumpy . i wear a lot of fitted v-neck tshirts and tank tops , well-worn jeans , or shorts - - i love shorts . i have a pair of pale ... dear children , i realize that sometimes you sincerely need my immediate parental guidance , and that occasionally it may be difficult to differentiate between those times and the times when you ... barbecue pork , cheesy hashbrown potatoes , broccoli , and corn bread . with some homemade sugar cookies for dessert . :) can we say yum-ee ? hmm , i had no idea . now i may be forced to go lurking around the entj forums and investigate . this should be interesting ... * rubs palms together in anticipation of highly covert stealth mission * ... the happy lizard family in your avatar photo makes me want to leap over and hug you along with a few other random intj's , dog-pile style to form our own happy intj / infp sandwich . also the fact that ... hah ! i'm a comma whore as well . they're just so much fun to use , emphasizing pauses at strange places , just to throw people off . or maybe it's just because i am , in fact , crazy , as evidenced by my ... oh yes , definitely . i'd also say about 90 percent of that was accurate for me . i especially related to the parts about energy suckers , and those types of desperate or subconsciously energy starved ... just watched the entire 1st season of the netflix series hemlock grove and am now left feeling completely shocked , awed , terrified , grossed out , strangely intrigued , dirty , and generally ... chocolate covered graham crackers deleted . sorry . i seriously love this . this is pretty much dead on with the way i feel about spirituality and what happens to our souls after death also . we are all ageless . we are all individuals in our own ways in ... i recognise the fact that i tend to go through spurts where i'm either addicted to perc like a junky seeking her next fix , or i completely lose interest for a month or two at a time and temporarily ... hmm ... well , for pretty much my entire life i've felt incredibly old compared to most people my age and even a lot of people much older . i have private moments of what i might consider supreme wisdom ... my own blood ... knives . one year ago on christmas morning , i accidentally sliced the top of my thumb and the side of my hand open with a pocket knife ( down to the bone , nerves tendons and all ! ) while ... when a friend is planning or thinking about attending a large social gathering and they look at you and say hey , i'm going to insert lively social event here ! you should ... yeah . never mind . ... aww , refugee ... maybe there's a phoenix just waiting to rise up and fly right out of that shell . i bet humpty dumpty never thought of that . maybe he simply feared transformation ? besides , what do ... hopeful , awake , dreamy , yet always a little bit melancholy ... me in a nutshell . ;) macona of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world , macona walks into mine . i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship : wink : also your jorah mormont swagger is kind of ... snakes and most large spiders make me jump up and down and scream like a little girl being forced to eat vegetables while being murdered by jason and freddy kruger at the same time . no joke . sorry , btw . i may be taking this infp porn thing to a different place than originally intended . : wink : this is seriously one of the hottest songs i have ever heard . ever . in fact once upon a time , long , long ago , my old dance partner and i did a tango to this song at a competition and got a standing ... so i've been working out a lot for the last few months , which for me is like ... 2 to 3 times a week , as opposed to ... well , never . : laughing : i also bought a juicer back in march , and have been ... on almost a daily basis i'll drive 10 , 15 , even 20 minutes further than necessary just to avoid seeing people i know . be it the grocery store , park , restaurant , coffee shop , whatever , i waste so much ... authenticity is a big one . someone who's not afraid to be himself whether or not it's cool or socially acceptable to do so . passionate , but with enough emotional strength and stability to handle ... i was quiet and shy , especially in public . playful , imaginative , but always a little bit sad too . never into arguing or confrontation , even if it meant allowing myself to get pushed around or screwed ... me and my new glasses . : blushed : 68002 lol ! this reminds me of the first time i heard the story of bloody mary as a kid . for almost an entire summer i kept my eyes closed and ducked my head every time i walked past a mirror or went to ... as weird as it sounds , 90 % of the time i only like hugs that i've initiated . otherwise hugging makes my blood pressure rise and makes me feel all flushed-uncomfortable-woozy-ish . strange i know but ... aww , thanks @ mimesis ! feels good to be remembered . i've missed this place and all the sweetie-pies in it . :) constantly . also i happen to live with someone who seems to be in a perpetual state of motivation and practicality which makes things twice as hard fo rme if that makes any sense . i get so exhausted ... my voice is low ( i used to sing low alto and occasional tenor with the boys in my high school chorus ! ) and it tends to be pretty quiet around most people except for friends and family . i get asked to ... '