crazy stuff i know . let's just say i did not actively go out and seek an affair . i went out with girl friends and ran into this group that wanted to know where to go in our small town . we said hey ... i do not like clothing too much . i feel too confined . i only wear a wife beater and underwear to bed . i mostly wander around the house like that as well . i always tell me husband i could live in a ... i am a gemini ( june 13th ) and an esfp :) haha this is my daughter as well . which works well with my istj husband . they will go round and round at the dinner table until they are laughing so hard they are crying . in the mean time me ... my 11 yr old daughter is an infp . do you guys like to argue ? my daughter will argue with me until i just want to go jump off the nearest bridge . if i slightly raise my voice then i am yelling at ... no no not you . someone else . i really got my posts crossed lol . add of the esfp :) sorry hope you don't feel bad ! ! i have seen a couple other posts from this guy . he really does think all esfp's are stupid and can't stand them . it amazes me . that all esfp's are dumb or stupid . i am a smart girl ! i do this a lot as well . my kids laugh cause they say i could talk a deaf mans ears off . i normally will sit back and watch for a bit ( if i dont know anybody there ) . almost sizing up my prey lol . then i kinda just see who i feel would like to chat with me . i have a few close friends ... thanks for all the responses . i am not going to quote them all but will say a little something . my husband is a great guy he knows my interests and sometimes we do take trips instead of gift ... haha your post made me laugh . we have been married for 11 yrs now and i have done as you say . i have learned to accept this as his way . now that we are learning more about the personality types i ... it's hard for me because i am a navy wife and we move every 2 years or so . i have made a couple of friends that i will always be in contact with . most are people that are my friends for the 2 yrs i ... my husband is an istj and i am an esfp . do you have problems buying presents or cards and / or sending them to people ? my husband always does not buy me presents until the very last minute ( like the ... for 2 days in a row ! ! i feel like a crack addict waiting for my next fix . i have not been out in about 3-4 weeks . my daughter was in the hospital for 5 days and then my mom was visiting . we drove ... i am an esfp and i love going out . i love loud clubs with dancing , drinking and everything . i like parties at my house only if lots of people come . i do not like to sit with one or two people ... man i am a esfp and my brain actually went into a bit of a whoa over load moment . welcome ! ! i am esfp also ! i try to remember to come and post but sometimes i think i would forget my brain if it wasn't packed in so tight ! welcome ! i am pretty new as well ! i just kinda go with the flow . if my husband wants to try something i say ok . i do not suggest stuff often but i am always up for something new ! ! me : esfp sister : estp husband : istj son 14 : estj daughter 11 : infp daughter 7 : esfp ( speculation ) my mother and father i dont even know where to begin . my infp is def . a challenge but i have always been more in tune with my kids feelings . we started homeschooling because of her . she cried everyday going to school for 2 weeks . i had then had ... compatibility : everyone . entps , intjs , enfps , sea turtles ... there's nobody the esfp won't shag . humm i do have to draw the line somewhere ... i am not really into bestiality . so , i was just reading the different types at the child level and i really think my 7 yr old is an esfp like me . she can talk even my ear off . which is impressive :) she loves to get hugs and ... i asked her if she felt out of place and she says if it weren't for my husband then yes . it must be really hard on her when my husband goes on deployment ( military ) . she is very artistic and loves ... hello all ! ! my husband and i after 11 yrs marriage were in yet another blow out fight ( more on his part ) and while both cooling our jets he started looking into articles about introvert and ...