' i see what you mean , but i can assure you that if she was here talking to her would be easy for me . i'm not scared of her at all right now . the only reason why i was never in state of arrival with ... well , i guess that would be the most rational thing to do . i didn't send her a message for her birthday because all things considered it didn't sound like a good idea . i already spend a lot of ... that's what i would do if she wasn't ten thousand miles away . hello , this is going to be a pretty long thread so i'm not going to write too much of an introduction , i'm an intp ( as you probably have noticed ) and i need some urgent advice about an estp ... i was exactly like that too , my friends usually don't believe me when i tell them that in the past i was overly sensitive because now i'm the total opposite , i was pretty horrible at maths too and ... a 5 , a 9 and a 2 go to a golf course , they end up queuing behind 3 men who can't play properly . after 30 minutes the 3 of them are really getting annoyed and decide to call the manager of the golf ... well even if you aren't hurt , you should still punch him in the face . you know , just to make sure ... there are no good or bad combos , it all depends on how healthy your are . you can't please everyone anyway . but i know a 3w2 - 7w8 - 9w1 , yep the last type has a different wing but still , ... i would say emotional coldness is part of introversion , not all introverts are cold but most cold people are introverts . anyway you don't need those in order to be schizoid , you only need 4 of the ... i wouldn't call schizoid personality a disorder anyway , why would introversion ( because being shizoid is just introversion when you think about it ) be a bad thing ? why isn't there a competitive ... tl ;d r , sorry but reading is boooring 300 . this movie tried way too hard . excuse me for interrupting your inferior discussion , but has anyone seen my mirror ? i don't remember where i put it and , well , losing my mirror is losing my best friend too . don't touch me ! you might have some kind of contagious disease ! do you have a standard greeting to coworkers , friends , grocery store checkout people etc ? nope do you hug / kiss family members ? nope do you thank someone for holding the door for you ? yes i ... 3 : yes - 7 - 6.19 % no - 0 - 0 % that's why i love 3 ' s : laughing : that awkward moment when i spend my day on fml : your everyday life stories yet i still find other people's lives are better than mine you're so weak man , i'll go to this party and hope it'll end in a fight to show everybody who's the boss . anyway you can hide in your room as long as you want to , i'll eventually get to you while ... type 3 hello everypony . i was wondering , why do we have hair on all of our fingers but no hair on the middle phalanx of the index finger ? at first i thought it was just me but i observed other ... you dare criticize my intentions ? okay just let me call my homies oh gosh i hope this thread isn't going to lead to conflicts ! D: even though i'm a male , i'll tell you how i eventually got interested in a girl i didn't care about at the beginning ( i'm not saying she doesn't care about you of course ) basically , she just ... 7 obviously an indie game named to the moon got my eyes all teary you can find a walkthrough here : ( there are 11 ... becoming a werewolf would mean losing my self-control , no thanks . so i think i'd rather be a vampire , i just hope i won't attract annoying teenagers , you know what i'm talking about ... ... if you like horror games , i highly suggest you amnesia : the dark descent well , actually everybody should check this game out , not only intp's the total war series is excellent too , i ... i don't really mind drug-takers as long as they don't bother me , even though it saddens me that nowadays a lot of people need to rely on drugs / alcohol to have fun . birthday problem - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia stockholm syndrome - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia milgram experiment - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia schrödinger's cat - wikipedia , the ... even though i think every type can have a superiority complex , i would say type 1 , 3 , 8 and 5 are more likely to have it 1 = > think they are wiser than everybody else , they always have the best ... - overly sensitive . - always sad . - take everything personal . - pessimistic . - can't understand them . - always think about others and rarely about themselves . first thing i thought of : in my opinion : 1 : ocd , schizoid ( 1w9 can be hardcore loners ) 2 : borderline , histrionic , narcissistic , dependent 3 : narcissistic , histrionic 4 : histrionic , borderline , avoidant , depressive ... indeed , maybe it's because they think we won't reveal their secrets since we rarely care about them , or maybe we just look trustworthy ( well i'm not too sure about that one . ) na , that's fine i asked for honest feedback and i got it , don't worry about it well that's not totally true , i see her daily ( almost ) and we went along very well , even though i can't say we ... hello everyone , so basically there's a female 3w2 7w8 9w8 estp ( she might be an entp though , i don't really know but i think estp is more likely ) i fell in love with like 2 years ago . being and ... reserved inventor here they are awesome when they're healthy , i would even say it's my favorite type . unhealthy 3w2 ' s can be annoying as hell though , especially when they have a strong narcissistic pd . you are 22.2 % good . you are 12.8 % lawful . alignment : true neutral you do whatever seems like a good idea at the time . you don't ... i think i posted some there :  this thread is now about owls . you are a reserved inventor . you are an inventor your imagination , self-reliance , openness to new things , and appreciation for utility combine to make you an inventor . you have the ... my own type : 6w5 attracted to : 3 ' s , 8 ' s and maybe 7 ' s not attracted to : 4 , 2 hello fellow intp's . i post this to know how good ( or bad ) you guys are at painting . because i know i'm more than horrible at it ; i can't even tell if what i paint is some kind of weird human or ... labels i don't like : type one : the perfectionist <- this just makes the 1 ' s look like they all have an ocd , the idealistic would be more appropriate in my opinion . type six : the doubter <- ... first thing that came to my mind . i would say that you can consciously act to improve your healthiness but you can't change your level simply by wanting it , efforts must be made in that direction . type 9 enneagram type description | 9types.com releasing and affirming those things sincerely could be one way to reach the healthiness . of course saying it isn't enough , it has to be written ... '