' do you ( or others ) have any pointers for developing fi ? why do you think that fi doms developed in a way where they came to hold morals in the regard that they do ? do you think a lot of it is ... something tells me that homosexual or even bisexual male estps are exceptionally rare in this world . i'm sorry if this situation upset you . n . n aw pretty symbols replaces cocaine perhaps it does not exist . but i don't think it's anything to get upset over , you know ? someone somewhere came up with the term unconditional love ... and now everyone has to mull over its ... not sure if confidence or just overactive amygdala nope . i actually think that the estp personality has the greatest potential for profound intelligence in theory , because of creative ti and being ni-valuing : the ability to conglomerate learning into a ... any guy calling himself mr grandmother is instant win in my book and even after all they say about confident body posturing for interviews ... give generic responses everything stresses me out , and i respond by farting loudly omg . i hope neither of you have a child separately or alone before having steady incomes and having done much research and preparation . i'm worried by him putting a lease date on your womb . i hope ... i do not think that we are different from other types in what is important when it comes to relationship commitment . if we are strongly compatible with you mentally , physically , and emotionally , ... my closer female friends irl are female intps , and it sometimes makes me wonder if i'm one too . loool sure . just avoid letting us pour cold water on your point of least resistance . : crazy : i wonder what an estp girl trying to pump up ni would even look like . i love you guys at least as much if not more i'll kill you if you disagree rofl freeflowingthoughts can you elaborate on what is pitiful about the fe of estp girls ? < / 3 actually maybe don't . fuck you . tsk tsk tsk ! : blushed : omg ... stahp ~ what makes you happy ? leaving the question open really lolz well i guess . but i was wondering if anyone did want to describe plans of some sort i want a partner in life / crime whom i can make really really happy ; another smart , crazy , super weirdo who i can feel like i created something with in life . i think the person i like ... * may * be ... we arent . we are just sensitive to the possibility of that . c'mon i'll be the first to admit it . what do you really want in life ? deep down . what are your goals ? i'm obsessed with infjs tbh i value someone who is kind to me and others , and who i can tell tries their best to understand the point of view of others while trying not to hurt the feelings of others . usually i do my own thing ... tell me if you're a lefty or righty please . as well as your gender . i am a left-handed female i seem to have developed a fetish for entjs . when people find my artistic expression too gory or disturbing cough sfjs ( more like , they can't even intellectually grasp what i've put on the table because they can't put their incessant ne-ing and ... lol . girl i know that feel . in a nutshell , it's add / adhd . i love you guys ! you are the type that understands me most . lolz i'm an estp bye guys any other clumsy estps out there ? like in terms of tripping while running , accidentally breaking things , using too much force ... etc . ... : blushed : - what are your parents ' types ? mom : estj dad : intj - what did they do right ? i liked being able to absorb random knowledge from them like a sponge - what do you wish they hadn't done or ... this ... i mean on one level the stereotypes are true , in a type most likely to ... way , but that delivers a very small portion of the whole of our personality and everything it is about . there ... perhaps remind me to be positive about the future and not stress about it too much , or get them to open up about what's worrying them and help them to solve the problem in earnest ? i think it has to do with getting affirmation from others ... for me , anyway . i will crave affirmation or experiences from others in a bottomless se pit way , and not be able to step back with ti and ... enfp , entp , infj , esfp , istj guys b_h i've actually been an estp all along omfg this lol dear istp friend with benefits , you are a little bit racist but i like you anyway . i wish we could spend more time together . i wish you knew that you're a much nicer guy than you think you are . ... he is so kawaii desu i met an istp guy off of a social media app ( not tinder ... ) and we both sort of had friends with benefits in mind only . but i think we might fall in love lol ... i wanna try gymnastics to me sex in a serious relationship has never been that great . it's not just about orgasming to me . i can do that with my own hands . i enjoyed it more with the guys i was just fun acquaintances ... i think i made an istp friend recently . she's a lesbian and one generation up from me . i knew maybe 2 istp people from highschool . i felt like they were nonjudgmental people who didn't have ... '