i think watson is an istj . got myself a bit of a strange situation . there's an entj guy i've know for about 6 years , who recently has become single , and i have never really been romantically interested in him , but i was ... hi entjs . any of you males in a relationship with an istj female ? positives / challenges ? i asked in the istj forum but no one had any experience . i did some past searching of threads but thought it ... any istj females in a relationship with an entj male ? positives and negatives ? i hear it can be a good match if values and interests are similar ! 1 . there are two categories of men i am attracted to . the first seem to be attractive exxps because my brain goes ' bingo , we've found a match ' and starts releasing chemicals they make me feel like ... wow . you have a problem on your hands in that case .. i'd suggest getting some literature on the subject too and going from there .. dealing with the crazymakers in your life i'd think very ... i have been working with a good shrink since our crisis blowed up ( beginning of the year ) , and it is completely my intention to bring him to a couple therapist . he is momentarily willing to cooperate ... he sounds to me like he's what's called a ' crazymaker ' or has narcissitic tendencies . crazymakers have an insecure personality disorder . they will punish you for being honest with them . their ... what if you expose him , tell him you know he's been lying .. then you have to work out what he has to do to regain your trust .. and then state your terms . for example he allows you full access to his ... hmm .. it sounds he is serious about you if you're getting married . my question to you is , how are you going to be able to trust him if he's lied to you about this relationship ? firstly , when you said you'd ' worked really hard to get him back ' big red flag .. men will do as little as possible to get as much as possible . if he's in a relationship with you then maybe he's just ... sorry to hear it didn't work out . i don't see insecurity as being a classic istj trait . anyone can be hypersensitive to criticism ... it depends on how emotionally healthy you are . i've recently just ... haha . thanks . in that case i will just be myself ( i am very blunt ) ! will stick to the non threatening factual stuff ( which is my specialty anyway ) . how do i attract an estp . there is a guy who i would describe as a ' familiar face ' , we have some mutual friends . i've observed him and i'm pretty sure he's an estp ( don't ask me how i know this ! ! ) . i ...  yes it is indeed ! you look like a psychopath - it reminded me of bane . i got a similar effect when i tried to dress up like sherlock for fun one night and took a photo of myself . 49251 i don't ... haha . sorry . i thought you were the original poster . interesting photo btw . where'd you get the surgical mask from ? you sound exactly like me .. i think i'm an istj . the bit in bold sounds like aspergers syndrome . have you thought about si vs se and te vs ti ; if you try to work out which functions you use ... so .. what happened with you and the istj ? i'm currently working on character growth , i find a psychologist very helpful .. she has given me alot of insight into myself and my relationships that i ... i've thought about this alot recently ... my usual tactic : make friends with their friends , facebook stalk them , find out as much about them as i can , work out their mbti type , work out their ... i've thought about this alot recently ... my usual tactic : make friends with their friends , facebook stalk them , find out as much about them as i can , work out their mbti type , work out their ... i too cried in sherlock , and i cry at church ( although i'll try not to but when people are praying for me often i just can't help it and i'm a sobbing mess ) . i cry when i'm at home spending time ... entp = big black hole ... that's what i think of them in a nutshell , but read on cause i give some positive points too . i've just recently ended a friendship with an entp male whom i was attracted ... i know 2 entps who are christians . one is definitely entp ( tested ) , other could be an f , but i think she's a t . i actually think that if you are christian you can look alot more like an f because ... ooo ... there's a great ted talk on psychopaths . jon ronson : strange answers to the psychopath test | video on ted.com i don't have it ( i'm an istj ) . sjs have a tendency to resort to black-and-white thinking . i'm trying to avoid it . my mum is an isfj though and i have terrible trouble ! ! last week i made a container of baked vegies i could eat ... i would say , there would be far more intellectual stimulus with an intj , but wouldn't discount istjs so easily . i was friends with an entp for 4 years , and he thought i was perhaps an intj ... i'm just ... this sounds like a great combination when both parties are healthy ! glad you guys have each other ... on the downside an unhealthy version of either in a marriage would be disaster ! ! i've only watched 4 minutes of this talk , but i think benedict is an infp . firstly , he's got that ne smile going on that infjs don't get . he doesn't display fe to me as much as fi . fi has ... aww .. hope you don't mean that in a negative context . to some extent , we are happier when we spend time alone . i'm very task orientated . it's a good thing ! if i had millions of friends whom i saw ... by definition , you actually have what's called a ' relations of understanding ' relationship . if you are an istj you can only have a semi-dual relationship with an entp . istj + istj = relations of ... i really appreciate people who are understanding of my lack of contact . sometimes it annoys me when they keep sending me messages or calling , and other times i answer the phone and chat / show up and i ... this is familiar . i am a 28 year old medical student .. so i know the dramas of being busy and the allure of medicine ; how much of your time it takes up ! i will go quiet like this on friends who ... lol , how did you know he was an istj when he was standing at the door ? i'm not sure if i'm the exception to the rule , but i dislike tradition , and have a strong propensity to be unique .. maybe it's because i'm an hsp ( highly sensitive person ) though . practically , if you're trying to spot them in the wild , i've noticed from the video threads that intjs tend to be able to talk for long periods of time . whereas istjs say a little , and then have to ... hehe . i just checked where you're from ; i'm australian too . feel free to chat to me online , or ask me any questions you like ! spock ( seems to be a common theme ) sheldon - big bang theory arwen - lord of the rings marvin the robot ariel - the little mermaid what kind of relationship ? i assume you're referring to a romantic relationship ? i currently have someone whom i suspect to be an enfj friend . we're just starting out as friends . i really like her ... firstly , lets define cold ... ( my understanding of it ) lacking curiosity , lacking outward appearance of excitement or joy . flat affect . disinterest in others , more self-contained and ... or if you put a cat in a box and leave it there - it will most likely suffocate given this box is air-tight [ i'm not advocating this experiment , and i don't think it is ethical ] , but you don't ... are you saying yesterday doesn't exist ? i got 75 . i'm sure i could type faster if i was listening to a dictation though . it exists , and always has ... that is from my objective experience - and if i wasn't here , or wasn't keeping track of it , it would still exist . i mean , a monkey doesn't keep track of the time , but it ... me too . i mean , i have people to call , i just would feel weird calling them out of the blue - like i feel like i should have arranged to meet-up prior to me feeling lonely . some people believe when you enter into a sexual relationship your souls become tied to one another , and stuff from one soul can enter into another a vice versa . this is referred to as a soul tie ... hmm ... strange then . that is un-istj like . no idea what's going on . i think if he said he wanted a second date , he probably does ! maybe there's a situation that's come up that is urgent he needed to attend to , and he forgot to let you know about it . [ / quote ] keeping in mind this is just a silly picture - this might be a dumb question , but what do the sunglasses have to do with having a girl in the house ( and ...