' saw them at least 15 times before jerry died .. i still love them so much ... once you get them .. you're hooked . have great stories about trippin in the lot and the shows ... nothing nothing nothing will ... nom give me some mj and a live show and i'm alll out ... my heaven here enneathought from the other day ... they always make me think about these things ... remember the adage that feelings aren't facts . your feelings may be powerful and may , at times , offer ... what this woman does with her body is amazing ... if you've ever heard of flow ... she has it also , please let me get to burning man before i die cant believe somebody can do this .. holy crap that core what i want is way too erotic to write here .. ... also it would be a long , but hot , read . all of you are great ! ! i so wish i could draw ... i can't draw a straight line .. lol . - _ - quint's indianapolis speech-lovve everything about this movie watching jaws for the 111h time ... god i love this movie .. quint farewell and adieu to you , my fair spanish ladies . farewell and adieu , you ladies of spain . for we've received orders for to sail ... cinnamon girl too very infp music-all of it i just defied a known physical law ... i got ice out of an ice maker without a piece falling .. an old friend ... feels like my heart has a knife in it . i just want him out if it . i wish we could just turn off emotions like a switch .. now i can't sleep-damnit ... and i have a headache . - _ - fuuu taoism the more powerful and original a mind , the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude . ~ aldous huxley to be clear ... damnit probably been posted somewhere in here , but it's true ... i cry when i'm happy or sad ... i think infp would do it more than any other type . i don't understand people that speed ridiculously knowing there's black ice .. even dumb drivers in general ... if they're that idiotic when they drive .. i can't imagine how they live their lives with ... have always loved that and the movie ( inception )  every one of these is right on ... i'd have to say judgemental / critical , hypocrite ... dogmatic .. really on and on with any negative .. nobody is perfect , but damn ... some are just deal breakers as ... forget if if posted these mosaics  ... shading in both those-avatar / other is great that's great ... don't take it for granted , because it really something special to have : wink : nice enneagram info stelli ... i agree with your observations here's enneagram's thought for the day .. remember the adage that feelings aren't facts . your feelings may be powerful and may , at ... one that : knows good music , likes music / camping fests can smoke a joint and not make it a huge part of their lifestyle / getting couch crashed can stay home and just have a peaceful quiet ... snow day ... kids don't realize that we want one just as much as they do ... i will tell them that straight up though .. heh some seriously good times ... i was here if you get them ... your life will never be the same once you catch the fever , it can be an ominous thing <wink> the sun will shine in my back door someday . the sun will shine in my back door someday . march winds will blow all my troubles away . ... dp a good trait of the istp ? lemon jelly's music makes me feel happy .. i don't like people much i get on better with animals you don't like people much ? well i like people but i don't get on ... this is pretty amazing to watch and listen to ... lemon jelly would be on my bucket list to see .. on the headlight of a northbound train ... aww .. life sucks for sure sometimes ... it's a fucking bitch actually ... but then there's good times too . you wouldn't fully appreciate the good ones if you never had the bad . ' this too will pass ' * * * ... going to see the grateful dead for a week in wi-im in nc-with a caravan of guy friends when i was about 21 .. we then proceeded at the constant shows / travelling ... to eat a hallucinogenic substance ... holy shit ... i can't believe that . humans are really fuckheads sometimes . reading quotes , teaching kids about stories , my family , sandalwood oil , gardening , music fests ... etc i have quoted that one many times ... b / c it's freeing . the only real security is not in owning or possessing , not in demanding or expecting , not in hoping , even . security in a relationship lies ... strangely , i was doing a meditation yesterday and had a full-blown orgasm ... lol ... it was on shakti kundalini ... guess i was doing extremely right ... or extremely wrong ... if it was wrong don't wanna be ... first lucid dream last night ... wasn't particularly trying ... can't wait to see if i have another ... in researching it , i learned people can have lucid sex ... mmm ... might be something to work on i thought they were frankensteins ... same ... a real hard fuck destiny-fixing to play r'now ... snow day that is a galactic butterfly ... hunab ku .. ancient symbol of the mayans . here is a small explanation-a beautiful symbol and meaning . it said to represent all of the consciousness that has ever ... that would be google ... lol . buttcake hole ... never ever knew people would stand to wipe their ass . in nc ... glad sooo glad .. relaxificating i'm glad .. ! today is a snow dayyy '