hello fellows , just an article i thought would be of interest to all or some . science links anxiety to high iqx 92s & sentinel intelligence , social anxiety to very rare psychic gift thank ... it's no fun to get knocked back , but life has a way of teaching you how to live . i sometimes wondered if it would last , or why i was in it , i guess life taught me a lesson . nothing really makes ...  i can tinker . i enjoy trying at least . life is a revolving door . the door is like a fan . the fan reminiscent of a breeze once felt by a lake on a spring leap year . the frogs in this lake didn't know how to swim . the currents were ... i heard a call from afar it was my bleeding heart . my heart did not belong to me , anymore , than it did to someone else i wrote a picture in the song , to bless my reflection in a mirror with a ... tension grips at your thighs melting lava , sleepless nights roaring thunder , rolling thrills mountainous valleys , balding hills . temple deep soulful strides a boundary creeps a crawling sight in vain , to speak off the clock-face dialed cuckoo clowns and ratchet crows , throw spanners into the hole nest trickle with jelly ... owner of a lonely heart your voice , echoes intrepidly and yet you still weep is there something more you wish to find ? is this time you've shared so bleak ? for your heart to bear a burdened ... i can't figure it out . thank you .  hollow weeps soundless sighs caressing elbows jointly thighs echoes chilled frigid halls mellow meltdowns reaping rewards nonsensical themes bitter tastes clinging film wrap serviettes wiping ... : / double .  arcadian light so bright dancing to the drums , to the beat of our hearts , into the chorus of the night . below the stars , the universe , the earth to treble a clefted note bouncing beating verbing ...  their tender tinderloins . : wink :: tongue : i wish my dad was intp . :) i actually did better if i stared for longer and let the images minimize , then i'd maximize them again . too long , for some of them got confusing , or not keeping focused long enough while staring . it ... this was interesting . i scored 30/36 , but i could have scored higher if i didn't rush the few i got wrong . thanks . :) lol ! ... never . <3 . ( tbh , i completely forgot that i even wrote that ... or something ... ;P )     some of the ones i remember , whether or not they are great , lol :  ... so , how well did this whole thing go for you , winds ? , lol @ ' hello ? ' : tongue : i liked the poem . <3 lmao ! ! ... you intps ... ^ why us your signature breathing ! ? ! ^ : shocked : my infj tendencies have cause more harm then they have good the past year . i wish sometimes i could handle myself better in certain situations . i ... serpents stalk and centipedes burrow . the serpents gaze you must not follow . for they will haunt you , they will starve you . they will take from you all that is of you . with nothing to make of ... sometimes i ’ m confused by my own self , reflected . sometimes when i stand naked and see my reflection reflected , i see only a glimpse of what i am to be . i see nothingness excused for remoteness ... welcome to the forum ( s ) . enjoy . :D ix92d say : ' square pegs and round holes ' . only now i understand . how doubts and fears are debilitating blows . how frustrations consume and we all fall down . the pains are felt . the sores are ... i highly suggest that everybody who reads this post , also watch the following documentaries : : tongue : ( i'm serious ) ... lol . 24 year old , infj 6w7 . seeking somebody who is willing to lend an ear and provide sound advice . also , other 6w7s / infjs and any others who are interested . pm me . that was so nice confused girl 28 . it warmed my heart seeing it put together like that , you did a great job . :) haha . i loved everybody's messages , hehe . i had no idea about you guys either ! ... i like you you like me lets get together , and make a family : tongue :: kitteh :  <3 i think it's just ' cause we are awesomer . : kitteh : hey , were you thinking of starting a skype group or something ? * rolls in and rolls back out *  those eyes ! ! ! <3 holy crap ! i forgot about this thread . * eeeps ! *