' i'm the same way right now . i'm just focusing on college classes and trying not to think about what will come afterwards . i never had a job in high school or anything and didn't want one . i don't ... well ... it's never too late to go back ! yeah , brain chemistry works in balance with your body chemistry though , so keeping one healthy often leads to the other being healthy as well . i mostly emphasize my statement because of how often i ... pro tip : keep yourself physically healthy and the rest will follow . it's all chemicals at the root . i'm with you on the drug issue , but i doubt they are illegal or taboo simply because they make people happy . although , it is likely there is an element of sour grapes in people that grew up learning ... being attracted to that infp girl long ago was the worst experience and emotional rollercoaster for that reason . i could never tell how she felt about anything because she'd go from the edge of ... the most excruciating conversations i've ever had were with an old infp friend from high school and a recent enfp friend . there was always this pattern where my train of thought would be completely ... you know , that's not too far off . yeah , i can definitely relate to this , but i'm not a female . you guys are completely missing the point of mspaint . not photoshop ... mspaint . i drew these after listening to a few minutes of harold camping's christian radio talkshow thing called open ... it's only because the external world pales in comparison . this is the first year of my life during which i haven't been depressed at all . because of my past , i have a profound appreciation for a consistently positive mood . shouldn't you be more worried if your significant other is plutonic ? i hear most igneous rocks have heated tempers . a social psychologist will tell you that people are neither because it's all situational . good people will do bad things in the right circumstances , and vice versa . i'm teasing a little . your post ( s ) have come off as a bit pompous . my point was that you shouldn't act like you're better than people because they aren't comfortable about emotions . a lot of people ... i know how all this works . in fact you remind me very much of myself from 3 years ago . i meditate to quiet my mind , but it's counterproductive to self-acceptance to antagonize thought . you can ... i think this might be the worst possible way to find an intp girl . well , one of the worst . yeah , clearly anyone who doesn't want to call attention to their emotions is a pussy , huh . also i wasn't aware that there are humans other than earth humans . are they legitimately happy enough for ... if he sucked your dick after posting it would you still whine about it ? if thinking is worthless then so are your posts . why do you post ? god i love that description of our fe . every line strikes true with me . yeah i agree with you . i was posting more from the motive that i wish most people would loosen up their need for social norms a bit . i'm looking more at the purely negative side of having so many ... when angry , count to 10 before you speak . if very angry , a hundred , - thomas jefferson very good advice . it's helped me many many times when trying to do the right thing amidst intense anger . yeah but they're still humans . the social adaptation and development isn't what makes us human , it's just makes us civilized . what do we actually need in the most literal , concrete sense ? that's why ... i don't really hold grudges , but i can turn a friend into a stranger if i feel like they've done something to deserve nothing more than that from me . is that the same thing as a grudge ? communication isn't consciousness . my computer communicates with my router so i can use the internet . if you want to know exactly how bacteria communicate you should probably look it up . there's no need to start name calling . don't you know what a nervous system is ? nervous systems are why we're conscious . sperm don't have nervous systems . there just isn't anything about a sperm to suggest that it might be any more conscious than a brick . the burden of proof is on you , making the claim , not me . i don't take what you've shown me ... happy people are a hell of a lot better than self-pitying ingrates . the quote just said risk ! risk anything ! it didn't really say take blind risks without thinking . i didn't get that implication from the quote as you may have . just because it's advocating taking ... if you can't take the heat get out of the kitchen . maybe you have to be an nf to develop that kind of bizarre emotional attachment to something completely abstract and unscientific , unproven , or ... this doesn't help to change my negative stereotypes of nfs very much . no matter how much you think through most decisions there's always an element of risk . usually common risks aren't actually that big or life threatening , and sometimes it's good to force yourself out ... well then i really don't know what answer you're looking for . whether anything in particular is a big deal or not is totally up to the individual . it sounds to me like you're seeking the more ... whaaat are you kidding ? how can death not be natural ? you should study a little biology . it's a constant cycle of nutrients . all living things grow , reproduce , then die . this is all explained and ... the placebo effect doesn't prove that at all . all it proves is that your pain and some other sensations can be altered by your beliefs . .. and you can change what happens in reality a lot faster by ... i've been excited and passionate about music since i finally saw my favorite band of the last 4 years , porcupine tree , live last night for the first time . when you die your brain decays and ceases to function . then maggots eat it . we're really talking about consciousness and where it goes when your physical body breaks down . here is a thought ... i used to take care of some ferrets at a pet shop . i absolutely love them . they're so playful and ... odd , in an adorable way . yet , every time i mention ferrets to anyone i get the same reaction every ... none ... i tend to take care of plants and pets especially as if they were as important as my own body . i'm considering getting a ferret soon . hahaha ... to be an immutable and eternal leech on society . what would happen if every human being had the ability to explode with the force of a bunker buster after the age of 90 ? i know i'd use ... that's great , perseus . try to pin as many vague flaws on ss as you possibly can . they're obviously all emotionally unstable retards , right ? i think you have a non-agreeable disposition and an ... to turn invisible , no question . i could go anywhere . during school i'd always daydream about that or teleportation . teleportation would be really nice because i could visit every place on earth ... i'm only abrasive to you because you're full of arrogant bullshit - more than i'm willing to waste my time with . maybe you should whine to a forum some more about it , it really shows how much more ... overall school made me less social . i started off without a clue how to be social and wishing i could be , and ended having decent social skills but no desire to connect to anyone . yes . you'd have to be a pretty insecure person to not appreciate your own natural strengths . don't troll too much or you'll lose your innocence ! i suppose you'd better stop aging then ! aging is barbaric self destructive behavior . don't eat any more greasy or fried food ever again , don't breath any air unless you are 200 miles away from the ... i don't care about innocence if it's always going to be accompanied by arrogance and naivety . sometimes you have to actually try others ' ways for yourself to really know what you're judging . perseus i think you get really caught up in this typing and make too much of a big deal of it . i've been dating / living with my isfj girlfriend for 1.5 years now and i get along with her better than ... '