' i just stopped giving a flying fuck when i noticed that the more i delved into understanding mbti , the more that became the only thing i ever thought of . i really seek to understand myself , but in ... never cared to begin with . the subject of the thread is i . that's it . it can really be about anything anyone wants it to be . t department ce cream gloo nternet upon reading your account , i knew exactly where you have been coming from . it really is a shame that the balance of your life depends on this very test that you have remarkably failed , by some odd ... sure ! then i won't be the only one sipping hot chocolate in a cafe amongst the other coffee drinkers ! : cool : sure ! then i won't be the only one sipping hot chocolate in a cafe amongst the other coffee drinkers ! : cool : got new mexico . i don't know about the dust storms , but i'd much rather live in a region that is hot all season . i'm so sick of this cold weather already ! i try not to use that approach . its healthier to keep more regular eating and sleeping patterns rather than deprive your body of food ( nutrients , energy ) and sleep at certain points of the week . and ... if the person forgot to pay back , i will let that person slide . if the person forgets 3 , 6 , 12 , n times ... well , that is a different story . if the person borrowed money from me and never ... i barely even know you , but you sir have won my respect . congratulations ! * blows purple and blue confetti around while holding a large , helium-filled , orange ' congrats ' balloon in your face * hmm , that hasn't happened to me yet . maybe i'm just naive or too idealistic . but i do understand the hesitance to put forth trust in another person ... that is something that i have only gotten used ... if you are a hipster , you are not original . therefore , nobody is an original hipster . do you see yourself being with this person for a while if one of you decides to take the initiative and if you and him start dating ? do you think that by dating him , you could be missing out on ... out of the top of my head are the songs that i have heard recently that disgust me . first place goes to ' wrecking ball ' by miley cyrus . it sounded annoying and i keep hearing it because of other ... i don't read every page ! 84717 or is this just fantasy ? why did the horse carriage stop moving ? because the horse has no legs ! why did the monkey fall out of the tree ? confused . power can be useful to have in certain circumstances , but i don't necessarily want to be the one with power over others . if anything , i'd like to use power to make the world a calmer , better place , ... i didn't even really have friends by the time i graduated high school . social support may be helpful , but i think its overrated . as far as i am concerned , if you know that you are capable of reaching ... hmm , i too have felt incapable of many things . i don't have the highest self esteem , but too often , i doubt myself and don't give myself enough credit . think of it this way , you've already gotten ... good point there . i know that my brother's behavior has been altered through therapy while at school and i wouldn't be surprised if he turned out to be a completely different person if he didn't have ... there are varying levels of chemical activity in the brain at all times . this chemical activity influences the emotions a person may feel . for example , oxytocin , a chemical released in the brain , ... that's a lot like my brother too . he has a hard time verbalizing his wants and needs . but he is also particularly timid and doesn't want to fail in any of the tasks or problems he has to face ... my younger brother has autism as well ( moderate to higher functioning autism ) and i have been trying to figure out which cognitive functions he most utilizes . i still don't know what personality type ... hmm , i'm quite sure my father is an entj , but i haven't been able to analyze if he uses si-ne or ni-se more since i have rarely been around him for the past 8 years . he is arrogant , obsessive , ... architect computer scientist mathematician physicist psychologist microbiologist civil engineer web designer surveyor doctor / surgeon for the most part , i am indecisive , but sometimes i'm not so sure . deciding what to eat for my next meal can be an annoyingly difficult decision . food is good , yes , but i am at the point where i ... i know you didn't really mean it . it's all good . : tongue : in that sense , mathematics could stimulate feelings . as for myself , i find it rewarding and derive a sense of satisfaction and contentment from being able to solve any problem that comes my way ; ... it is hard to say which of the experiences in my life stood out the most for me in my development as a person . but there was one experience that came to my mind that really changed my attitude , how i ... under the assumption that women are always right , she would be correct in saying that she is wrong . i was being sarcastic before . rule : women are always right . use that to your advantage if you are arguing against an intj male . show clearly how and why your conclusion , belief , etc . makes logical sense . argue in a ... still in college , going for a bachelors of engineering in civil engineering . maybe a masters too , but its too early to say and it will depend on how my course work gets planned out and if i overload ... to be more specific , some of the dumb things i have done without listening to my brain include : 1 ) engaging in a fight with my mother when i get agitated with her decisions or preaching , even ... yes . i have made choices that i have deemed irrational or pointless either for the lulz or just to observe how i would react or how others would react after making such a choice . because sometimes ... grilled or smoked salmon . * ahh ~ mouthwater being at an elevated position in front of a crowd of people attentively watching and paying attention to me just really isn't my thing , you know ? singing , forget it . unless i'm in a choir . the only ... hmm , seeing that i haven't really gone back to this site in a while , i have no idea who is still online , who retired , or what . because of that , i don't think i have a crush on anyone here . * shrugs * urgh , i didn't really know what it would be considered . but at times , i treat myself like a test subject or a computer . people who don't listen to me when i speak up ! i've been active my whole life and have competed in track all through my middle and high school years . i tried soccer and tennis once , but weren't too good at those sports compared to others who have ... at this point , i think i have already realized that . but your post has placed some reaffirmation in me that i am an intp . i've heard this saying a bunch of times around the intp forum : you know ... i agree . not sure what i'd treat myself like , but human doesn't cut it . humans are too defective and yet , i am one . add self-hatred to misanthropic nihilistic funks complete with a crying fit ... have you looked carefully ? some of them kind of blend in to the background . in my high school , there were a few intps , but one or two of the ones i knew could have been ixtx instead . most of the ... i appreciate that you have decided to respond to this post i have made a while back . looking back on it , i still identify with my responses to the questions provided . there has been some change with ... wow , looking back on what i have written a year ago , my personal dress style has changed a lot . i used to wear jeans all the time and avoided sweats because they looked sloppy . but somewhere between ... when i get really into discussions with my friends , i get lively and loud . sometimes more than i would have expected or wanted to . in certain moments with friends , there were times where i'd get ... it depends . with being in a team too large , it takes too long for decisions to be made and there is always the one or two people within that team that will step up and pretty much dictate what ... i wasn't sure what to think about this news when i first heard about it . my initial reaction was somewhere along the lines of really , another shooting ? why this ? i agree that this tragedy is ... showing up late when meeting people i hate '