' is it possible for an infp , or an introverted person , to be a successful talk show host ? some argue that it isn't , given the introversion . although that makes sense , i don't correlate mbti with ... i got slytherin on pottermore . :p roud : scorpio here ! : cool : you should know when and where to day dream look out ! will you focus when walking ? i can't really give you any advice about that since i'm not in the right place to do so , but i avoid making an interaction as much as possible as to , like you said , avoid emotional turmoil . but i ... still an introvert . i would probably be reading loads of books , write stories , day dream , travel , and practice the things that i'm not good at or want to learn about . i don't believe that everything is laid out for you . i believe you're the one who will create your destiny . your decisions and beliefs will determine what will happen in your future life and the ... i just stay quiet when he's around and avoid him as much as possible to stop myself from generating the most impossible possibilities i can think of . my dad is obsessed with star wars . he has encyclopedias and other star wars stuff . i grew up knowing what star wars is and i , myself , appreciate it . since my dad's an inventor , he's done a couple of ... ideal you real you introversion 73 % pastel colors . black , gray , and white . i feel you . i'm currently obsessed with sherlock and he's on my mind 24/7 . i feel like he's with me wherever i go and whatever i do . it's quite awful , really . i can't work and interact with others ... music , conspiracy theories , photoshop , and sherlock . populist , liberalist , and environmentalist . ( bbc and arthur conan doyle's ) sherlock holmes ! ! ! star wars harry potter percy jackson & the olympians if you consider ( bbc ) sherlock's mind as a fantasy world , then that's included to where i want to live . i don't think anyone would want to ... call me silly but i do believe , if i will be a believer , that the bible is vital for salvation . but ! i consider the new testament to be the basis for someone's salvation . i want to hear your side ... conformity loud people people talking about other people dishonesty rudeness close-mindedness disrespect i don't dislike writing , i just don't think i have a talent in writing . :/ i can't express my thoughts and ideas easily by writing . it's all in my head . 4w5 here ! ^ ^ - you failed - you can't .. the real christianity . catholicism does not follow christianity and i hate it when people , especially non-believers , merge catholicism and christianity . there's a filipino independent christian ... i would love to but i don't think there are many perc members in the philippines . : < we're over . i grew up and spent my time around with my two brothers and my father and i believe their presence made an impact in my personality . i do act and appear like a tomboy on the outside and i never liked ... david archuleta's rendition of forevermore is my current favorite . a lot of you never heard of it because it's a filipino song but if you want to hear ... bookstore ! always the bookstore . the bookstore makes me feel peaceful and home . not a fan of the band but i like their song given up . i can quite relate to the song . god of war : chains of olympus djmax mortal kombat pokemon o2jam grand theft auto vice city sims i have 2 brothers and they have influenced me when it comes to games . - ___ - i actually ... i was educated in a catholic school and was exposed to countless of mass . these are some of the songs that i like : anima christi ... my father is a big fan of star wars and he believes that george lucas is making a new religion . in fact he joined in a star wars ' religion ' online . never blamed him because i , myself , live by yoda's ... i was baptized as a born again but never followed their practices . my mother is irreligious while my dad is the opposite . i grew up knowing what atheists and theists are because my dad used to have a ... i'm a father's girl . i'm always with him before my parents separated . but we still get along until now . even though we clash because he's more logical and i'm more emotional , that doesn't really ... i'm a scorpio . i only read the description of every sign but i don't believe in horoscope . in some ways , infp and scorpio traits are alike and some are completely contradictive . in my opinion , ... alice academy ( gakuen alice ) opening theme : and closing theme : i also avoid them but i sometimes glare at them if they really piss me off so bad . criminal minds the walking dead community downton abbey sherlock naruto i'm into shows that are action-packed , funny , romantic ( but not overly ) and makes my head work . my tritype is written in my signature box . :) well i would often read a fan fiction and daydream about it before i sleep . i daydream with my favorite pillow , by the way . no regrets ! my mother and brothers kept telling me to throw away the pillow ... i don't trust quizzes like this but i still took it anyway . it's not a surprise for me to know that the result is melancholy but i often get choleric than that , though . so i guess i'm in between ... i consider my math skills as below average . i can do problems that i think i can solve but don't expect me to answer complex problems . i'm not really good on algebra . i can't seem to absorb all the ... 1 . what is your favorite memory ? - oh my this is quite hard . hmm .. i guess when i became a second placer in a poster making contest . 2 . where would you go if you could go anywhere ? - in an ... i was sorted in slytherin . :) i'm not surprised since every time i take hogwarts house quizzes , i'm oftentimes sorted in that house , sometimes it's ravenclaw and rarely in gryffindor and hufflepuff ... wow ! i'm already halfway done . been busy but i can't wait to watch season 2 ! i've already watched advanced dungeons & dragons on fox . i especially like the lines of shirley and pierce . :) ) - people who won't say thank you even in little things . i can't stand them and , unfortunately , i encounter these kind of people every day . - loud people who don't have any nice and intelligent ... i like my name but if i am given a chance to change it then it will be emily . it sounds dark and mysterious to me . i think community is a great tv show . in fact , i just downloaded the first season ! ^ ^ - jane eyre by charlotte brontë - the perks of being a wallflower by stephen chbosky ( charlie can be quite annoying sometimes though ) - the harry potter series by j . k . rowling - the da vinci code ... i hate that concept , too . i believe the concept of life is about finding your purpose here and not working to get money and live a luxurious life . people work so they could survive . '