' infp writers counselors / social workers teachers / professors psychologists psychiatrists musicians clergy / religious workers sort of . i want to go to school to be a speech-language ... whoaaa i totally had no idea i started this thread when i commented on it ! for real ... so weird ... i don't remember starting this ... i think it was january 15 ( i know , so long ago ! ) i was supposed to have a sleepover with my best friend . we had all these issues with drama last yea and i thought we finally understood eachother and ... thanks for the insight ! i was wondering if some of the text was hard to read . i tried to use neon colors , but apparently that didnt work too well . im not sure if its gonna be a diary type thing or ... i just created a blog . it's at mollypaget.blogspot.com . i just started it today so it's not much but i just wanted to put it out there . right now its kind of an introduction thing but i plan to make ... reindesu , it's like you're describing me ! elementary school : loved it ! i was the sweet , shy , smart girl . i loved my teachers , had a really really high reading level , subjects were easy to me ... mylifeisaverage.com :) you sound cool :) i am 17 and virgin because i believe in waiting until marriage to have sex . my belief is that sex is for marriage . ( and a loving marriage at that ) my family is going to disneyland in february :D :D :D this wil be the second time going there and the second time ever going on a plane , so big deal :) thanks for this thread . i really needed to ... yeah ! it's like i make myself hyperaware of how i look and act because naturally i'm kind of unaware of stuff . my natural tendency to not notice stuff combined with my self-consciousness makes me ... this . story of my life man , i automatically back away when someone is standing too close to me , and i do not like it when someone tries to rub me or something creepy like that . my mom tries all the ... 16 ! i like this age , 17 sounds all old and weird :/ no offense . 17 makes me think of really tall girls . 16 can still be small and cute . :( im gonna be 17 on decebmer 22 . its too soon ... i scored 10 . i took the test to se how well it worked . im sure i dont have autism or anything , and thats what the test told me so its probably pretty good . also , this is probably not a very good ... i am attracted to the enfp type , but i also think i need a t man , but i dont really want an entp ! :p i need n , and it really depends on the person with i / e . maybe a non-shy introvert ( i am a shy ... this is totally me ever since i could talk ! anyone besides family , i will not call . thank the lord for texting ! ! ! everyone started getting it around when i was in 7th grade so perfect timing ... yeah . i feel like part of the reason that happens to me so often is that i force myself to be extraverted . naturally i want to process things before i say that but i have kind of trained myself to ... - best friend : enfj . we became friends nearly instantly when we met in 3rd grade , and we are closer than ever now in 11th . - i have an old friend who i think is infj . we were really close until the ... i was really good at school in elementary school . like i started reading really early and was always at higher levels than the rest of my class , until i hit junior high in 7th grade . it was really ... you'll be in my heart by phil collins . from the tarzan soundtrack . yeah , i know , awesomeness :D love this ! i love how awkward you all are . reminds me of myself . hahaha , i want to make one but i would want to do it when im home alone so my family doesnt think im talking to myself in my ... i thought this would be interesting to hear about from infps because we probably cry more than other people . i think i do , and i cry about the most random stuff ( and sometimes i dont cry when i think ... what do you think of your body ? - is your body just something that gets your head around places or something more ? - do you like sports or any activities of the sort ? - if you were completely ... yeah , actually ! i dont even try to or realize im doing it . i notice that around my family , the people i am most comfortable with , i am more myself than with anyone else . the less i know the person ... constant 24/7 talking ? that sounds like way too much for an introvert . this guy ive recently become closer friends with has been texting me every morning and expects the conversation to last all day , ... yeah ! well ... really its my mom and i have a major issue with it . she thinks i am totally insane that i resist to her touching me and rubbing me all over . i find touching very sexual so its extremely ... you've already told me that same story like 5 times stop being so crabby ( when im perfectly fine , except when she says that my mood goes wayyy down because i hate false accusations ) hahaha ... hmm , the istj that i know is a math genius , particularly algebra . whoever said that they heard ns were supposed to be good at math , im really surprised , ive heard the opposite . ive heard that ... we are generally extremely loyal . i love being loyal , it makes me feel really happy and satisfied . basically my biggest dream in life is to get married . i cant even understand people that cant handle ... yeah ! when im unhappy , having a bad month or something , i get really extra introverted and then i get more depressed feeling and its a downward spiral ... it seems weird to me that when im happiest i ... my original thought was n , for sure , but then i thought about whether id rather hang out with someone who was sf or nt and i went with sf ( generally ) . if its what letter i like about myself the most , ... hahaha i so do this ! another thing ive recently picked up doing is when i cant find the right word to describe something ill just replace the space with a doodleydoo or some gibberish like that . or ... yes :) i agree with all that's been said . i feel like my family or friends just go day by day like theyre on a mission to get things done or be really social and stuff that seems like the opposite of ... haha im thinking i shouldn't have forced a fixed number on this list . it was hard enough for me to pick just five , and i made the darn thread . haha . i wanna add some more ... glee veronica mars ... i feel like i have a purpose in life , even though i dont have much of an idea what it is yet . its very comforting to me to know that god is watching over me and cares , and has a plan for me . i don't ... in no particular order : friends gilmore girls the office buffy the vampire slayer bewitched ( i dont think i can explain this one ) so hard to pick . how about you guys ? :) - did anyone ever play kindgom hearts ? ... i loved that . - sims 3 - vmk . no one has like ever heard of it but it was awesome ... it was on the internet . i was cooler on that game than real life ... ' let's face it . i am hotter than you are . - jacob black to edward cullen , eclipse . taylor lautner ftw :D dont worry im not a twilighter . i just happen to think taylor launter is amazing i think youll find being sensitive will attract the best kind of girls . :) the sweeties who want to be treated nicely and see you as a kind of guy who will be nice to them . i think girls find they ... lefties ftw ! oh good , i was looking for this kind of thread , ive been wondering the same thing . this istj guy liked me for a while but it didnt happen because i wasnt interested , long story but now , months later , ... hufflepuff probably , but i think i have hints of gryffindor in me too . i dont particularly value hard work or fair play though . i guess hard work is a good thing in general usually , just not on my ... yeah , i do that all the time . usually its like a conversation i already had that i wish i had done differently , so i redo it kind of in my mind . or its a conversation im planning on having , that type ... i'm 16 right now . .. a lot of the time i just don't even know what to feel or what i am feeling , but i feel strongly when i do . i moved to where i live now when i was 9 , and i made two friends right ... - i talk to imanimate objects , they are usually called he . i'll like get a knife out of a drawer to use and be like , oh hi , how are you today ? you're gonna have some fun being buttered . or something ... yes ! :) as a kid video games were one of my main activities . pc games and playstation was what we had . so i did that all the time but once i turned maybe 13/14 i did it a lot less often , even ... i am the one who will stare at the sunset for the full 20 or so minutes thinking huge thoughts about life and earth's beauty and then someone will walk by and go absentmindedly oh the sun is ... you should read all the personality profiles as opposed to just taking the test , its a more clear way to see what you are . thats what i do when im trying to type others that i cant really figure out ... basically everything i do reaffirms that i am infp , and sometimes when i act like other types i see how that could have manifested in my infpness . ie , sometimes i get really organized but it is ... when trying to describe something i will use words like doodleydoo and other gibberish sound effects as replacements for long descriptions , because i feel like people should already know what i am ... im 16 and ive never even had a kiss or a boyfriend . im waiting till marriage to have sex because im a christian and thats what i believe , even if i wasnt an infp i would feel this way . but probably ... '