' yeah , actually the way i came to decide i am enfp is also another reason i think i am . if that makes any sense . after reading posts extensively in that subforum , i felt in a very intuitive sense ... on the four questions you posted , i have no qualms or doubts about my answers to numbers 1 and 4 ( energized , and casual respectively ) . however 2 and 3 stab at the heart of the matter for me and what ... except that according to the cognitive test , i use ti more than fi , or prefer it or whatever . idk , but i still think enfp is right . the whole thinking vs . feeling conversation is still ... personally i liked the explanations from lenore thompson . in the context of just cognitive functions ( in no particular order ) , it seems like i use ne , ti , fi the most . oh wait , i just looked back ... thanks jessmk 7 makes sense to me . at work i'm designing software and writing code . i spend a fair amount of time thinking through that . it's mostly an internal process too . also i draw a lot ... all this talk about typing and functions prompted me to take the test while i'm working ( i've never done this ) . so my assertions look to have been born out . i've posted at various times that while ... yes ! as a general rule , those of us who didn't fit in to the stereotypes at school ( and elsewhere at a young age ) , especially for being labeled geeks , nerds , gay , or whatever , and all the fun ... hmm ... i vote we avoid deciding the truth of the genesis story as we may have individually interpreted it here , and stay focused on the are we connected thing . i'm just sayin ... i generally agree with this . i've always seen the creation story in the bible as symbolic and metaphorical , rather than literal . however i also think we are free to read it and make up our own ... absolutely ! sorry about your dreams . i do totally need to balance between immersing in the social experience and getting away . when i get too much of one or the other i tend to get wacky if i'm ... i stopped short of saying this in my first post , but also the times when i really get introverted and need alone time are often because i'm feeling overwhelmed by this . if i am in a city i literally ... being a guy who was raised by a single mom with no dad in the picture , and straight i can relate . i think there is a lot of this sort of harassment in american male culture in general . however i ... holy poop i feel this so much ! i really hesitate to say this in such a public forum for fear of being locked up . i usually don't talk about this . i'm not claiming super powers or anything like ... the interstellar gas cloud sagittarius b contains a billion , billion , billion liters of alcohol . the outdoor temperature can be determined by counting the number of cricket chirps in fourteen ... what you guys said . too much here to quote case by case , but the last two pages are spot on ! there's really good material here . i think for me , being 7w8 in combo with enfp helps explain the ... 1.what led you to mbti ? my wife and i took the test to understand each other's personality types , and grow our relationship . we are always looking to keep growing . 2.what made you come to the ... agreed ! upon taking the test , i have to say that the percentages colored my impression of the meanings of the letters in combination . i say this with no small amount of hesitation , but i have ... i'm 7w8 as well . n2freedom yeah i totally relate to being more decisive and focusing when i need to . however i do relate to a lot of other enfp generalities . definitely not the smothering ... heh , sorry i get a bit rapid fire when my intellectual juices are flowing . yes here you go . again , mbti aside , i'm curious how accurate this is from the standpoint of how you take in and process ... this is exactly , what i was trying to say ! this is where i was struggling with the mbti construct . i couldn't quite spit it out . thanks for hitting the nail on the head ! also i am curious on ... monkey king wow ! thanks for breaking this down . your post really helped me . yeah , agreed on te-ni being a powerful combo . on ne-fi , i would add that it is a powerful tool in quickly ... absolutely ! the one thing i would add here is there does appear to be an innate preference or built in ability to use certain functions more than others . i would liken it to being left handed . i ... not sure what you mean here ? did i get that wrong ? i think i can put the unrelated possibilities thing in a better way . when an entj makes a decision , there is a clear path from start ... i think my confusion on the matter and therefore yours comes from my internal conceptions on introverted and extroverted . when i see the i in ni , i am thinking , this is an introverted function ... absolutely ! i don't think epiphanies are related to types . what i mean is that i think they are universal . maybe the reasons / methods / routes undertaken to get there vary but the sensation and ... i would defer to your experience here . a couple of hours of looking at the functions only does so much . i really appreciate your patience with me in helping to understand the functions . so i ... well it's certainly not the end of the equation . it's merely a starting point . however it's an accurate description of those functions in a vacuum . that's where the problem is . no one uses a ... hmm i would say that te looks at what people are doing to determine what is going on around them , and ne looks at why people are doing what they are doing to figure out what is going on around them . hmm , i think i need to absorb mbti theory and come back to this discussion . i feel like i brought a spork to a gun fight with how much i really know about the theory behind this stuff . what ... so much for lurking ! nice thread by the way . i found it stimulating , and thought provoking . on the bit above , i am wondering about the result of ne . the function of making connections i get , but ... thanks guys ! word , orange is underutilized in men's wardrobes . unless you count hunters and convicts . hmm ... maybe there's a correlation there . so , gumby is cool an stuff . :p roud : yay ! i'm not the only one , and i'm in good company too ! thanks mucha ! hmm i just realized something about myself . when it comes to attraction , i have a hard time saying what feature i like because i usually have an immediate , strong gut reaction about the essence of ... are you considered hot or beautiful or cute by others physical standards ? i don't know that i'd go that far . i get good looking a lot . my wife says i'm hot , but she's probably biased ... fun hand made flash card drawings to music . love this stuff ! love this song ! love the movie too ! that movie and the story are bea-u-tiful ! love this thread ! ! ! more than anything else on this ... i don't know much about the mbti compatibility . i am married to an esfj . i think we work really well together since she is a bit flexible with the organization / planning / structure and i have worked ... here you go . out of curiosity have you ever had your full chart done , or is this based on the general zodiac descriptions from the sun signs ? astrology uses the position of the planets and is intended to map ... i love the hand drawn flash animation to music ! i have a friend that totally does this , and it's my favorite ! link link link ! boisemorgan's channel - youtube wmdistraction for the record , i didn't personally find anything you posted to be disrespectful or such . i was gonna pm you as much but felt it was better expressed here . n2freedom i just have to say that you rock ! i am picking up what you're laying down . thanks ! btw i originally just intended to post my experiences for the benefit of the op . however i seemed to have gotten mired in debating whether there is any merit to astrology at all . my bad . so ... i find this viewpoint interesting ( bold is mine ) . maybe cause i suck it up when i perceive contentions / conflict / confrontation . sometimes when i get jammed up my damned feelings get in the way of ... thanks chicky , you're the best ! sorry about your experiences . there are definitely a lot of shady manipulative types out there preying on people with claims of psychic abilities , etc . there is ... and we're off ! not sure how i became a poster child for astrology . that certainly wasn't my intent or belief . i do enjoy a debate , but some of the content feels more like using insults as an ... we're all absolutely entitled to our opinions . there are plenty of examples of processes and systems subject to similar contentions . mb typing is not immune to this either . however , i think ... here i go dragging up an old thread . it seemed better than starting yet another one of these since it seems there are a number of them . so anyway ... yeah i think the zodiac descripions ... fenrir 317 wow ! thanks for that insightful and super helpful explanation . it's funny cause i totally identified with both of your descriptions of these two types . depending on the context / situation ... holy scenarios , i do this a lot . i mean all the time . if i have an idle moment i am absolutely imagining all kinds of weird stuff all the time about the lives of people i know and love , and people ... '