' usually when i am in a group consisting largely of morons and there is that one other person who isn't a moron . i feel like i am being appreciated whilst not offending people . omfg my house room is dump & i'm a disorganized fuck ! ! ! less whining . more winning ! i tend to bet on sport as a form of making money . if one has a rudimentary understanding of the sport they are betting on and are aware of how odds work , then there is money to be made . the ... yolo . i don't let people guilt trip me . i tend to be rational ( who'd have thought ? ) and rationalise a way whereby me doing what they say would be wrong . i tend to invoke the it won't be advantageous for ... i too am a young entj whose only qualification i have as of today in my high school leaving certificate qualification . however , i am in the process of completing a bachelor's degree . if the ... i am a man , so i will never understand the rigours of childbirth . that being said , if my future wife was to ask me this questions , i would unequivocally say hospital . i don't understand why you ... it seems like i am a member of the clear majority here as i do not smoke . i like being productive and achieving what i want . i can only do that by remaining healthy and for me at least i don't see ... i am terrible at being creative in an artistic sense . i had a group assessment a couple of years ago that required artistic verve . needless to say , i delegated that task . i tend to find that i ... i find that i rise best to challenges . therefore , if i set everything up as a challenge , i tend to remain motivated . it always helps when you have someone to challenge you , such as a gym partner or ... well , this thread has been kicked up out of nowhere . whilst it is here , i would have to say my theme song is ... dear life , you have smacked me hard over the past month . get ready to be beaten twice as hard this month . regards , motivated mav . small talk is a necessary evil . i enjoy some small talk when talking to some people about something . however , by enlarge , i don't enjoy it . however , i do partake in it as i find it to be a ... i find that my driving is fast , aggressive and laced with profanity . although , i am rarely so aggressive when i am out from behind the wheel ... awesome opening melody . i never make mistakes ... ;) i have two types of alcoholic drink that i almost exclusively drink : scotch and beer . whilst i like to try different types of scotch and different types of beer , i find that my standard drinks are : ... thank you for that msbossypants ! this entire thing is a complete over-reaction and indicative of a lack of knowledge and insight by a vast majority of people . kony has been kicked out of uganda , he is no longer a threat . ... just don't hit on 19 year olds . that's a bit creepy . happy birthday ! age is just a number . keep living life ! i think i preferred obama girl . catchy though . yeah , they are great . i would have put more up . but i didn't want dozens of offspring videos hogging up the thread haha . yes , i often do seek out older workers and ask them about certain issues . i find them instructive when talking about things like culture and how to fit in , how things are usually done . i also ask ...  i have been listening to my ... this thread about power is legit now that machiavelli has joined us ! this is kind of similar to another one of my favourites which was nicely put by sun tzu . to paraphrase , if you are weak , pretend to be strong to scare away attackers , if you are strong , pretend to ... i understand that is 14 , but those are 14 laws that are always at the forefront of my mind whenever i am in a power type situation . i can elucidate further when i get time . needless to say , ... - become rich enough to be on a rich list . that has been a constant motivation through my life . the rest i cannot remember . they must have been inconsequential . yes , i do want children . as to quantum , that is a discussion to have with my future wife , but i would like to have around four children . as to why , i need one to manage the empire and another three ... to start with , i have not read anyone else's post , so m reasoning could be the same as others . to answer your question as it is stated ; the glass is always full . this is because , assuming this is ... i was talking of the auto-tuned part ;) but really , i will cop that . i was being lazy and didn't actually watch the video . i usually wouldn't take my taste on valentine's day videos ... i often get asked this question and get asked omg are you psychic ? i am neither . i am merely someone who thinks about a situation more than the average person and is able to join several ... anger : i try not to show anger too often and for the most part i am successful . i find showing myself getting too angry and too ruffled will only serve to my disadvantage in the long term as people ... my valentine's day song i posted in the listening to entj forum was slightly better than that song . just sayin ' ... i mean , who doesn't want to listen to some puddle of mudd on valentines day ? joe egan and gerry rafferty were a duo known as stealer's wheel when they recorded this dylanesque , pop , bubble-gum favorite from april of 1974 . that reached up to number five , as k-billy's super ... then moisturiser . then an anti-ageing eye balm , followed by final moisturising protective lotion . that final protective lotion line cracks me up every time . given i am still in the process of studying and working a couple of jobs part time , i have no set daily schedule . i do however , have a weekly plan worked out and stuck on the wall in front of me . ... chipps has my opinion nicely summed up . whilst i am nervous , i try and rationalise out of it by looking back at experience and see how i have managed to fit in to other new and daunting situations . ... i think it is human to trust people . many people toughly say trust no one , but very few live up to their sternness . that being said , be judicious about how you confide in . a rule of thumb i use ... it'd only be entj dominated for a generation . certainly enough entj guys and girls will hook up to create little xxx's ? then when the next generation takes over , everything that was working ... happy valentines day ! :) <3 yes , i do love the smell of napalm in the morning . thank you all for your in put , it has scratched the curiosity itch that i had . theboss , empire of the sun truly was a masterpiece , i concur with that . of the others , i have not seen judgement ... i am pleased to see that i wasn't the only one stuck on the logic of moaning about the prices of software and then shooting the computer . numb skull . unless he used his super awesome part college ... that's awesome . after recently watching wall street for what was probably the 100th time , i began to wonder , what films do my fellow entj's enjoy watching ? are you too a fan of wall street ? did you like gordon ... am i the only one surprised that this thread is still going ? to people who hold out unrealistic hope , i use one of my favourite movie quotes : you can hope in one hand and crap in the other and see which gets filled first . to people who sleep more than 6 ... '