' this is difficult but these are the first artists / bands that popped into my head . also yes , i know i named 11 . opeth eminem kool g rap rx bandits coheed and cambria stevie wonder fleetwood ... i think it is perfectly acceptable to give a woman something simply because you want her to have it . there was a girl i liked and started talking to a few years ago . we both love fantasy novels and ... i had an ipad gen 2 that i replaced with a galaxy tab a last year . i chose the galaxy after reading plenty of reviews for it and other tablets . the main thing that sold me on it was the good ... talking to someone about the pronunciation of melee . me : the word is pronounced either may-lay or the british version muh-lay . mee-lee is simply incorrect . other person : actually ... there is a problem . in it disciplines , there is a lack of trained individuals needed to fill many important positions . outreach to everyone , including women and minorities , would help fill these ... my cousin is the biggest marvel comics fan on the planet . he bugs me to see all the major marvel movies . i typically enjoy them . recently he called me and said dr strange dr strange omg omg dr ... if by the end of every group project in school your entire team hates you but you all have as ! wow interesting . i'm an entj and i always wanted to join the navy and only the navy . unfortunately i can't join due to an injury . there are many misconceptions about affirmative action , one of them being quotas . there are no quotas , only federal goals . the federal goals are put in place to ensure the applicant pool is diverse ... at some point i realized much of my unhappiness was caused by a disconnect between my beliefs / plans , and something that had happened recently that shattered them . i then made a concerted effort to ... i'm new and just feeling my way around here , but i use other forums that have like buttons . i think it can be useful as long as posters don't read too much into it . you can use it as a method of ... greetings all ! i chose static void as a username because i enjoy programming and i thought the expression sounded kind of cool . i'm an entj who loves learning about mbti and a host of other ... there is no answer to the first cause paradox , but there is also no definitive explanation of how the universe can be a consistently exploding and contracting cycle with no origin . this is probably ... i used to think i was bad at math , but really i'm just bad at remembering arbitrary things . when i took calculus ii , i did horribly on the first exam because it was based on a bunch of formulae : ... i hate team anything . when others on my team are under performing and holding me back , i resent them . also , when i feel i am under performing , i feel terrible about hurting my team . i played ... i am an atheist and i don't think atheism can be wrong in itself because it is not necessarily a definitive position . weak atheism means one doubts the existence of gods while strong atheism means ... this post is disgusting . america is the inner city , and rural areas , and blue collar , and white collar , and white , and black , and hispanic , and christian , and muslim , etc . all cultures will never ... i have friends i've met online and then in person , and friends i only know online . i consider sharing even my first name with a purely online friend a major deal . when i meet an online friend in ... intj - lots of us in this thread it seems i mainly like working temperament dogs . my top three are doberman , german shepherd , and great pyrenees . the visit directed by m . night shyamalan . i thought it was really good . i've always been a fan of shyamalan and i think with the visit he got back to his roots and put together a totally solid ... i see them as fun individuals who get bored with people and situations quickly . they seem to be very impulsive , smart , caring , kind , and adventurous . when i was courting one of my previous girlfriends she made an analogy i took issue with . we argued up and down , back and forth over it , then she cycled back and framed it in a new light that made me ... i have sleep paralysis , but only rarely . it's really terrifying . i can sometimes control my dreams , or at least elements within them . usually it happens when i'm in the midst of a bad situation ... doesn't take himself too seriously , in a good way . likes to have fun . i'm planning to see it . i'm a big mads mikkelsen fan as well . i first saw him in casino royale which is still probably my favorite bond film , at least of the newer ones . i also loved him as hannibal ... my last girlfriend always said boo when she didn't like something . i've since taken on the habit , even though i hate it . i read that the vocabularies of close friends and significant others ... i'm an intj and my favorite genre has always been rpg . i enjoy shooters , but i tend to get to an average skill level in them and get bored . i just got back into world of warcraft with the new ... i'm in ! 1 ) pride 2 ) greed 3 ) sloth i am the greatest person ever ! i should take some nice things from the feeble to celebrate my awesomeness ! ehh ... maybe tomorrow ... i was curious about the difference between greed and gluttony a few years ago so i looked into it . here is how i see it . the deadly sins can be placed into two categories : sins of excess and sins ... edit : language warning ! intj i've gotten : mr . darcy from pride and prejudice by jane austen meursault from the stranger by albert camus raphael from the teenage mutant ninja turtles here is my problem with this . good is subjective . how is ' ' good ' defined in this context ? beyond that , this statement can't be proven . we could come up with 76 quadrillion story concepts that ... there are differences in iq tests , even ones from accredited institutions . mensa requires applicants to score at or above the 98th percentile of any approved intelligence test due to these ... i generally wear this sort of stuff : aviator sunglasses , comic book t-shirts , leather jackets in various styles ( weather permitting ) , and eye-catching patterned shoes , lots of chuck taylors . ... a few years ago one of my roommates chris had his extremely annoying friend over . while my roommate was in the shower , his friend wouldn't stop talking to me . we had met before ; i just really didn't ... 3/10 it's meh . pretty repetitive and nothing particularly special in my opinion . that already happened . in the early 20th century a program was started that put prisoners ( nearly all black ) to work tending to the fields of wealthy landowners just as they did under slavery . there ... intj . i have two and plan to get more . i went with a friend for moral support when he got his first tattoo . while we were there i randomly picked an abstract design out of a book , had the artist ... infj no . that's a private recording . besides , i never uploaded it anywhere and don't know where the file is . you can give me a very vague topic and i'll post the result . the primary function is the one everyone feels most comfortable using but the highest order extroverted function is the ' face ' we all generally show to the outside world . for introverts , our primary ... i sometimes feel like a walking list of pet peeves . a few of mine are : - people being verbose - people being extremely loud - unprofessional / overly emotional book , music , and movie reviews ... i chose it depends . i'm an intj . i've been a late riser for a while because i like staying up late . nighttime is quiet and peaceful . there are usually no ringing phones or cars driving by ... i'm just not meant to find home . i can't be loved by anyone i'm still chasing the falling sun , ' cause i'm a failed son this is from a song i love it may not be uplifting , but i have gone ... i'm a video game nerd so i will use a gaming example : in diablo 3 , you free a templar and soon fight one of his former comrades . once you defeat him , he says his vision was clouded by dark magic ... entj i think . ^ enfj be brad . have dinner with esfj sister . sister : so ... me : so what ? sister : you should be a gentleman and pay for our dinner . me : i thought we were splitting the check . '