' winning my 12 year long battle with anorexia and bulimia and being able to do this without medication or hospitalization . while maintaining an overall healthy mindset is a continuing struggle , ... this has nothing to do with you , hun :) it's more to do with me feeling guilty about starting a bit of a war here . i wasn't sure whether it should be deleted or not because a lot of people were ... i've never felt compassion fatigue like this before ; it's to the point where every new mass killing , terrorist attack , riot , social issue and government scandal has left me feeling bored and ... god ... i partly wish that i never started this stupid thread , i was hoping that it had become a dead topic but the fact that it's still going a year and a half later shows that this issue is as ... christ , that has happened to me way too many times :/ thanks for your post ! i relate to all of this so much . thank you :) that describes it pretty well . :) awkward social situations are one of the main things i put myself down for . it sucks sooo much ! it's so hard to let go of perfectionism ( it's in our wiring ) but it's got to happen in order to gain ... when i do act on impulse , it doesn't feel natural at all ; it feels purely like a knee-jerk reaction to stress and it makes me feel terrible because i'm not being my best and authentic self . i'm a ... perhaps it's just me viewing everything i've ever said and done through $ hit-colored lenses , but there were quite a few things that i just posted on a whim without giving much thought . i guess ... * gets nervous * oh , lord ... but i thank you for your effort :) hi . i'll try to keep this nice and brief but i want to give as much detail as i can . my impulsivity is one of the many things that makes me question whether infj is my true type or not . when i'm not ... thank you . it means a lot :) thanks for your reply ! i kind of gave up on enneagram because i was given different results every time i took the test ; type 6 , then 9 , then 4 . i got frustrated . perhaps i'll try the test again when ... huh , interesting . you see , i was diagnosed with quite a few things when i was younger ; bipolar , ocd and add as you mentioned . i was tested by a professional when i was 20 only to find out that i'm ... i'm glad you brought up the part about self-punishment because i forgot in include that in the post . i do somewhat feel that i deserve to feel constantly ashamed but what good will it do ? i am afraid ... hey , all . i wanted to talk about something that i've been struggling with past few years ; i've been feeling immense and constant shame and guilt from past mistakes . i'm not necessarily looking for ... definitely not any of you guys ! reading all of your posts in this forum makes me feel like an illiterate knuckle-dragger . : tongue : almost everything that was said here is completely accurate for me as well :) i used to see it as cowardly as well , but i think that being able to hold back and keep one's ego at bay is strong in a different sense :) i see where you're coming from ; my father is an enfj and mother's an esfj , my brother turned out to be an intp . he sadly felt like an outcast in the family , especially since he was raised by a mother ... my spitefulness . of course , it is only towards people who have intentionally wronged me and / or my loved ones but i do fear the day that i'm no longer able to repress it . ( dun dun duuun ! ) i don't think that we become infjs , we just are . i personally believe that our types are ( for the most part ) embedded into our dna from birth . most of our traits that we're born with , we inherit ... yeah . you're much less likely to be taken seriously if you're someone who won't even let the others get a word in edgewise . i'm very happy to hear from someone who's actually 6w5 :) i don't get my points across very well when i'm angry , i almost never get angry as a matter of fact . when i do , i just tend to silently ... i really do appreciate you explaining this ( or rather , spelling this out ) for me :) lol i think this shame that i feel when i question my own standpoints is ego based and exhibits some emotional ... yes ! aha . you see , i've read that people who have anxiety issues can easily be mistaken for 6w5 . i've read the 6w5 description and i only identified with a small portion of it . i've taken the enneagram ... . i've always had this issue which is why i'm a terrible debater . when i'm left alone to contemplate various ideas and issues without anyone's influence , i form very strong opinions that i inwardly ... i don't take much pride in being super rare . it's more of a burden than anything else . i was heavily medicated as a teenager , so much so that i didn't even recognize myself . i made very reckless decisions , i was only concerned with what i wanted in the moment and i in general just ... lost in oblivion applecrumble i really like it . some people aren't into its style , but it's still got an interesting story line . keep my head down at all times . never make eye contact . never speak unless spoken to . make myself look as homely and unattractive as possible . not draw any attention to myself at all . live in ... while i don't have any definite plans right now , i have many ideas . i've always had the desire to instill change in society one way or another . when i was a child and teenager , i used to romanticize ... mostly melancholic and a little phlegmatic . i predicted that before getting my results . i hold my beliefs and morals very closely to my heart , but not so much that i'm closed off to different opinions . how i feel depends on the other person's approach ; if they're just trying to be an ... the last game i played was life is strange ( awesome game ! : crazy :) i'm more into simulator , strategy and adventure games . shooting games are fun , but my reflexes aren't good enough . what's good ? nothing going on with me , but i'd like to talk to someone too . . aww thanks : blushed : i appreciate that . i can't realistically see an infj in that position of power without wanting to blow their damn brains out . hi . i can't say that i speak from experience , but i understand the devastating effects narcissistic abuse has on a person's self esteem let alone their sanity . once the narcissist breaks you down , it ... 1 . ) how was your day ? ah , same old . went for a jog , then went to work , came home tired and drained , tried to write a little bit but didn't have the motivation . 2 . ) what's something you wish you ... i'm working on my spanish for next time i go to costa rica . i'm getting pretty good but i'm not fluent yet . just english and some spanish , nothing else . both , mostly counter-clockwise . can anyone else switch directions at will ? spent the last 12 years of my life battling eating disorders , my concern over my appearance was that extreme . it saddens me to wonder what i missed out on and how much of my youth i wasted because of ... it seems that most people just want sympathy rather than advice . while my friends come crying to me about their issues and i try to come up with legitimate solutions , they'll say to me , i just want ... lol . the creator of the video , levni yilmas isn't really all that serious . while basing it off of himself , he exaggerates this deep , contemplative , socially awkward persona for comedy . i agree ... i suppose not . '