' something in the way - nirvana liked your singing in the first one i write weirdo songs like this ... and also personal depressing ones if everyone was blind could we all get along would there would still be cowboy's and cattle prods im just sick of the amount of help it takes for me to just get by , i am an infp type 4 , creative and used to enjoy life . i have ptsd from a hospital trip that just keeps getting worse and am seeing ... no word is sacred .. lol everything means nothing if you think about it all im not sure anything is sacred , its all just different carbon atoms , some self aware some not . i hate being that guy but i have a 3 month away appointment with someone , and im just trying to hold on until then . making music helps but i feel like im bad at it anyway so whats the point . i'm ... my art is in the video of a song i made ... don't have the files of just the art anymore . ( its all mostly about ptsd ) ... last attempt to see if anyone ne wants to join . here is a really personal song . ( i made the art as well ) awake my ... worlds not for us it seems . can't deal lately , feel like people would be better without me . i am indirectly leeching off people and don't have my head straight to work . i'm going to school and ... feel like i can't do this anymore ... f * * * . ... i want too but feel too guilty about it . know how and where but just feel too guilty , there is also one more thing i want to get done . i want to record songs with a better mic first . yea ive been up until 5am almost every day . i write songs to get rid of my feelings a little while not ignoring them . thanks for the advice and support i appreciate it . no depressing music ... but i ... anybody have it and what has helped . i'm pretty sure i have it from a hospital stay 8 months ago . it feels like i'm just regressing all around . i don't want to go in full detail cause it is raw , this ... i've learned to like the chemical taste underneath my tongue when i slow down my brain molecules are shaking around , i'm never around town im in my house just trying to get comfortable so tired ... yup a lot like that ... except the older i get the less happy feelings i get . i have always had crazy emotions but now i have some untreated ptsd on top of it though . i feel down down down , intense , or ... made this today i've learned to like the chemical taste underneath my tongue when i slow down my brain molecules ... just wrote this i've learned to like the chemical taste underneath my tongue when i slow down my brain molecules are shaking around , i'm never around town im in my home just trying to get ... grassafue keep writing i like your imagery . which dude was it that you liked : mellow : it's a junky dream makes you so uptight yeah , it's halloween tonight and every night hear you scratch your skin your sandpaper throat you're a symphony , man , with one fucking note how they beat ... elliott smith happiness activity's killing the actor and the cop's standing out in the road turning traffic away there was nothing she could do until after when his body'd been buried ... i reclaim my old skin , i reclaim my old ghost d a f g # g transparently alive , when you see me somthing doesn't look right be my new self , who am i i am broken , bleeding behind blue eyes i ... s * * * still putting off sleeping tonight . have to get up early . yea i think i avoid that moment right before sleep ; but idk . i'm like a little kid . i fight it until i just can't stay awake anymore which is sometimes up too two days . : sad : any sleeping aids you have discovered . mental tricks ? kindofblue 06 nothing wrong with that . i'm self taught and just play what sounds good to me . pinkmatter love this bit i don't want to nag or deal with what i can't explain i only know the pain that hasn't gone away . i don't want to bog you down with that which you know all too well ... arkmabat sound good i'll listen when you finish it . digital art which im a novice at and i make all different types of songs with a focus on lyrics you can only grow when you roots are planted trying so hard to win , but the field is slanted this rat race takes us all for granted there has to be ... hate being a 4w5 , makes life tough sometimes i feel like who i am and my values , problems shift but i keep sliding all around in the same ones , just a new cocktail each day talking to family , in-laws , any conversation where it ... all of this = me as well . i get tired with musical genre's before i get any good at them . i'm trying to learn to play folk , reggae , rap , and rock all at the same time and learned to draw . all i'm ... i feel like this too would like to read that story . a lot of that happens to a lesser degree too me and i think without my fiance to lean on i would be the same . maybe find that one person you can let in if you haven't ... alexibaka not a bad place to do so would help keep the thread alive anyway : bored : frugivore all i can say is i've lost my voice a few times and now i can't practice for more than 30 mins , or sing long enough to play a set.don ' t over think it and just find an open mic . :p roud : you ... i used to be to shy for eye contact ... now i enjoy staring people down ... i know i'm weird . my voice is on my songwriter thread but this is a good idea nice voices everybody ! cool voice recording link too . unsure of this one frugivore really like the layers of sound great job think you could post the lyrics ? you seem really comfortable composing . not my greatest strength i just get really into a feel and lyrics . best ... share mostly , i'm not to good at working with others . songs feel personal to me . i would love too see some though ! : happy : i'll check it when i have more time tonight . can be interesting as long as it is not propaganda disguised as deep thinking . no but urine can be awful to tolerable i go from kind of a self reflection and love song theme . to being critical ... would love to start an exchange of lyrics or recordings . i'm interested if some of the subject matter would be similar . since most of us are : crazy : and : confused : no rules just post lyrics or a ... i was until i became an adult and life hit me with mega tons of bad luck the only thing keeping me from giving up is my fiance and my pitbull so i feel ya '