' i am gonna need more than eight words it's not a popular suggestion , but have you ever tried running ? it can be a bit difficult to stick with at first , but after a month it's pretty easy . it's healthy , gets you outside and feels really , ... i wish somebody would come over to my apartment and just clean it all up . had a real tough time in elementary and middle school . last two years of high school i became pretty good at becoming invisible despite my slick wardrobe and my being a standout rockstar in both ... these people totally confuse me . thankfully , it does not occur too regularly in my life . i see it as a weakness and i won't call people on it . i actually feel quite embarrassed for them ; it all ... reading takes a lot of work , it is a skill . i was told as a kid that reading was a good thing and i was encouraged to do it . it was trying at times , especially reading longer books with smaller type ... i always really liked forge from the x-men . he's done a lot to hurt the team in the comics but i've always gravitated towards him . the power to intrinsically understand technology and see kinetic ... i really like to spend money . i can save sometimes and i abstain from buying super expensive things , but i'll still opt to go eat somewhere over eating at home . i also buy books all the time . used ... the same marriage situation befell me . didn't work out for any of us involved :/ live and learn i s'pose . my mother left us when i was three and only later in life did we reconnect . there was ... i live by myself and i can go a week without socializing . i don't really have any friends who live by me but i have family members . if i've been in the house for a week i get really chatty at my ... i feel like the groups skinny and straight white male are similar in that they've enjoyed a certain status above others over the years . now both groups are feeling victimized because they have a ... even tho i love the internet , i don't think we're ready to be this connected . i think it's bad news and it's not healthy . so many people seem unaware of the pervasiveness of tracking on the ... i'd say and i would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you snooping kids ! as i was being led to the block . if i died for a political cause i'd scream viva la revolucion ! just before i bit ... it's a line from devil's advocate . it was said during a jury selectiuon scene where kevin ( keanu ) chooses an intense guy over a catholic schoolteacher for his jury . liked the movie despite keanu's ... i've tried a lot . i drink , like a lot of people , but i don't know if that is what you mean . i smoke pot maybe twice a week ? i've smoked it for years and probably smoked more than i should have in my ... protect yourself , cross your i's and dot your t's . the whole thing sounded pretty standard until you brought up where she mentioned about the hiring practices and affairs . that was totally out of ... i used to be concerned with they way i put myself together in highschool . like , i would spend eight hours on the weekend at thrift stores only to end my day with a single article of clothing ... the whole i love you more crap seems cute in the beginning but it ain't when it's implied all the time . when it's stated as fact , no less . thing is i've felt guilty about certain things and was ... 3/10 i am prone to multitasking while cleaning up the house . is it effective ? nope . i always single task . granted i jump from single task to single task , but what i am doing at the moment is ... multivitamins and coffee . yes . i play games of my own , but on the outside it might appear that i am losing the game everyone else seems to be playing . it's pessimistic and optimistic . on one hand i feel left in the dust of ... don't like friends , more of a seinfeld guy . honestly , i think seinfeld typified the worst of us way more than friends did . i think arrogance along with a few other choice words describe seinfeld ... yesterday my gf texted me as another woman to see if i'd be faithful . i passed the test , apparently , but i am so steamed . she can't figure out why i should be so angry , or didn't after it happened ... you gotta control the flow . you can't let it spray out like a water cannon . practice at home before testing it in a public spot . kegel exercises aren't just for women . also , have you aimed at the ... leave texas . not sure what god is so i can't say if such a thing exists . i do direct feelings toward god but only when things are going alright . it feels nice to thank someone for everything . maybe i'm thanking ... reread crime and punishment because it's been awhile and i've read so much between now and the first time i read it . better on the second reading . i've gained so much more insight since the first ... i don't like the invincible hero , the unbeatable kind , so much as i much prefer the vulnerable or compromised hero . if the hero is of the unbeatable sort than i prefer them to be tragic . there ... in small amounts , it can round out the impression you give others and make you more accessible . just don't go full meathead :P * * double post * * i wish snail mail penpals were still a thing . i used to have a couple when the internet was in it's infancy and people hadn't latched on to e-communication like we have now . it was fucking great , but ... all babies look like winston churchill :P i think in third person just as much as i think in first . the chatter gets kinda annoying at times . self criticism is a lot more harsh when delivered in third person too . sometimes i think in second ... i don't lie a lot , so people never see it coming . i lie about how i am feeling , but people have come to expect me to put on a brave face and bite my tongue . i don't consider it lying , because i ... if they ate your brains they might at least absorb some of your hopes and dreams . buy it so it could accidently drop out of your bag on the bus ... then start eyeballing people suspiciously . i wish i knew how not to do that . i always act as if i'm past that and i keep making the same mistake over and over . i have no answers , i'm just gonna keep an eye on this thread and see if anyone ... i never felt like a teenager when i was a teenager . i never feel like an adult even though that's apparently what i am . i've never not felt like a lost and lonely boy , tho . trying my best to shake it ... i wish we were better with numbers . if you can convince people that an unsolved humanitarian crisis is gonna raise the price of oil or eat up an hour of time daily then maybe they'd jump aboard . people actually get concerned when the canary dies . when an infp gets upset , the world keeps on turning > . < sorry for the cynical response :/ i can't drive . i'm a hair over thirty and i've never taken it upon myself to learn . i was poor growing up , so i had nothing to practice on when i was sixteen , and this is the result . it would have ... i always wanted friends but was too shy . i usually ended up playing with my sister and her friends since she was only a year younger than me . i had friends who were boys , but we did not meet at ... i missed pride again this year . i should have went , i even got approached by my cousin's gay friend on my way out for coffee asking if i wanted to . i said no of course ... i'm a little bit bleh atm , ... the once prosperous villages in the licorice forests were devoid of life , their denizens scattered about babbling wildly and wandering aimlessly through the wilderness . more than a few spoke madly of ... the sky is a weird sepia color ... it's wierding me out . gonna venture forth and investigate . we could just be getting smoke from the fires in washington state , but the winds rarely blow them up in ... it's good that you trusted your gut on coming here . this forum is one of the gems of the internet . don't tell any but the likeminded , please :P i try to create meaning because why the hell not ? everything is in flux , everything changes ... why not contribute to that ? maybe your actions are preordained and your choices aren't your own ... or ... getting all up in arms is free speech too , whether you like it or not . broke up with my sort of so ... feeling like shit , but she's got no time for me and doesn't seem to care despite the fact that she tells me she loves me . she honestly doesn't act like she gives a ... mjc acey how do you guys keep that thin layer of fat off your abs that hides your six pack ? i'm not built up like you guys , but i'm well muscled . there's that thin layer of fat that hides over ... '