' i have jeans older than most of you , and they still fit . : tongue : one thing i learned from mbti is that they may not be boring , simply introverted . imo , humor makes them come out to play . i've lived in 3 eu countries for 20 + yrs , have you ? i've also lived in us and canada for another 20 + yrs . do i really need fox news or some kid in a forum to explain the world to me ? eu is the only truly democratic superpower , what makes you think its demise is imminent ? nature produces only as many as it needs . x93assad has weapons of mass destructionx 94 , have we heard this before ? so now the us is bombing both sides of the conflict , assad and isis . does anybody remember bush's strategery ? trump ... i have a resting mischievous smirk on perc pages there are more than a dozen domains trying to run scripts , including facebook , it's dog-eat-dog . if you're sure flash is the problem you can simply disable the browser plugin . it shouldn't be a struggle unless you have many tabs loaded . but it is spooky to see cpu usage while you're doing nothing . in firefox cpu usage is in firefox plugin-container module , not ff itself . it is most likely an interaction between flash ads re-loading continuously , and noscript & adblock blocking them . you write very well , and if you're french it all adds up . my wife used to talk like you , very inspiring , though she died very young in her 40s , i'm guessing she was isfj . perhaps your sexual ... you just shot down your own sexual attraction theory . your attraction filter is down to a backup plan of shared hobbies ? or maybe you're turned on by short , fat , wrinkly men ? you make a very compelling argument . what happens when she gets fat , sick , wrinkly or loses interest in sex ? ignorance is not a valid argument . i can't tell people's types irl , i bet reading other's thoughts in a forum is different than meeting them in person . in written form intjs come across humorless & serious . but then , barking dogs ... what do you mean inexpressive , few words or cold fish in general ? just from reading forum , intjs come across as very serious & boring , though very persistent and competent with detail . same here , 2-5 % cpu usage on i7 - 6700 . perc must have a badly written script that tries to load flash advertisements . noscript blocks all ads but the script keeps running in the background . you can ... happy now ? : tongue : ok i see . try the cognitive functions test i linked above and post your results . then we will troubleshoot you . : tongue : i didn't trust mbti test initially so i took all different tests i could get my hands on . it always comes up entp , except enfp 10 % of the time , like here . ... a day with you of course : tongue : here's a famous jack of all trades : astronomer , historian , geographer , philosopher , poet , theater critic , mathematician , librarian . being multidisciplinary is the ultimate weapon , hope that inspires ... maybe it had a smiley face . i've noticed in_js in the forum do that - - pattern dead end . they do a lot of internal ni processing without fetching new facts that may confirm or refute the pattern . reality check people ! ... enxp party would look like this ? 658906 meh , animated gif not working true for me . make it into a poll to see if the numbers hold up . i don't own a tv , what's the story ? are they trying to convince people to be 20 % gay ? kinsey was a pervert and a pedophile , trying to convince people that there's a pedophile in all of us . today he'd be in jail . reminds me of this : the fox without a tail an aesop's fable i thought the panic button on my car keys was for that . that's like asking , how gay are you ? i was completely unaware of si until i read this forum , still am . inferior si may be the reason i can never find my car in parking lots . i'm not good with too much sensory input , and my brain is ... i'd say an enfp is more easily hurt , an entp is rather immune to verbal assault , at least i am . he seems more f than t , but comes on very strong and not as sensitive as you'd expect of an nf . i'd ... there's always some bias in these videos , though enfps seem more sensitive to me . this is how i think of enfp - - this story moved me , almost to tears . are enfps here moved by this woman ? ... how do you explain russel brand ? what do you guys think of this ? i do it , i was trying to get a couple of ladies in wheelchairs at walmrt to race down the aisle , i almost convinced them . too many people with guns around here . if you want genuine human ... it's not that they like people , they're just curious , nosy , bored , boring , they'll talk to you long enough to check if you're dangerous . well then don't get a job as a santa . how do you do with women ? do they all think you're a serial killer ? i read the forums to see if different types have something in common , i can't tell people's type irl . you people are too serious . is there anything that makes you rofl ? from reading intj forum i noticed they're very serious . why are you people so fucking serious ? people use the word rationalize , when people resolve things in their mind , but feeler types do that as well , so maybe not an nt thing . i'm classic entp but lean towards enfp in social settings , ... 39 % entp 21 % enfp 15 % intp 8 % entj 5 % estp so i'm 5 % donald frump machine we've all had some bad experiences , in childhood or later . instead of the avoidance / escape explanation , i'd say we use mostly our most competent part , simply because it's easier ... eyebrows are very revealing , but you think they're useful is lie-detectors ? for me it's mostly aesthetics , many over-pluck them because they think it's more feminine , but it makes them look silly ... yes and you can roll in it too : tongue : me too . do you find that women pluck their eyebrows too much ? it changes their whole face expression . i agree , us guys want pics . : tongue : so here's misogyny in video from last week's news , though i will defend his right to speak . and sometimes truth is revealed . ... i grew up in montreal go habs go not an infj though does that rhyme al all ? not that it matters , but he doesn't sound entp . none of your descriptions of him resonate with me . i'm averse to conflict , and have no emotional tantrums . entp like solving problems , does he do that ? ... congratulations , your degree is in nursing ? why doesn't he have a job ? '