' i didn't mean to suggest using perfectionism as an insult . it usually creates certain insecurities and worries , and also requires a certain skill set . you could attack those . it's a pretty cool idea , and it's hard to insult a model of a person so i think you did well considering you only had a theoretical description in front of you . i'd say don't give up on it . the ... i don't feel insulted . you actually complimented our intelligence and called us lazy , we get that all the time . and i'm not really sure i even cared the first time someone called me that . these ... if it's useful information for your research thing , it's not that i haven't had problems , i'm not talking to my dad for example because like your friend i can't stand it . but when it comes to ... my parents are both left-leaning and non-religious . maybe that played a part in it ? that sounds like a really frustrating environment for an intp to grow up in though . it wasn't strict in a straightforward way . they openly judged certain behaviors and were like if you do this i'm going to be very disappointed and lose respect for you . instead of just saying you ... me : intp 5w4 brother : intp ( probably 5w6 ) dad : istj ( not sure but there's 1 ) mom : istj ( no idea ) my experience and observation tells me fi users tolerate it better in general , high fi better than low fi because they have more control over it . it makes sense theoretically too . inferior f function ... my personality somewhat changes because i need to adapt my sense of humor and behavior , i think of certain concepts better in different languages . but my personality type doesn't change . 1 ) what is your perceived mbti type ? how certain are you of this assertion ? intp , about 80 % sure . 2 ) where you considered to be an easy child ( moderate in temperament , easy going , ect . ) or a ... my advice is pick a broad area so you have the opportunity to move around instead of repeating the same work every day . otherwise even if you're interested now you won't be in the future because ... then you want to improve your use of ne ? you can improve ne by socializing , putting yourself in new environments , getting out of your comfort zone , brainstorming ideas , trying to come up with ... it sounds like your main problem is wanting to be more outspoken and social rather than turning into an entp . the theory says you can't change your type . be who you wanna be you don't have to move ... infj ? i got intp in every other test so far and i don't think i use ni but who knows ? that's the same wording as the comment above me , the brain is a strange thing . i personally think it's fun to learn and think about it but at the end of the day it's bullshit . kinda like the possibility of ghosts actually being overlapping dimensions or universes or a ... agreed , he's the most realistic one . intp characters i can think of right now : spencer reid , victor frankenstein ( i think ) , peter parker , bruce banner , bbc / movie sherlock but those are ongoing debates so maybe not , sheldon cooper , klaus ... i genuinely can't tell if you're serious or trolling at this point . this is pretty interesting actually . i've been thinking about this and you know how cognitive functions have no scientific basis because they can't be tested ? i was wondering if there could be a ... i'll die before i get to it . will it look as tiny as they do in the sky ? the stars will get to witness this pretty late i think . i think it's valid but missing some parts . ( ie not broad enough ) thank you all for your responses . i will try to get better at it . have you ever had any problem with this in the past ? if you have , when did you start learning how to say no ? i wanted to know how other intps are with saying no to people . unless it's something i really don't want to do i find it very difficult to say no to strangers and friends . if it's an old friend ... intps aren't too fixed on impressions . or i'm not , at least . i approach people with curiosity and my impression of them , the first one usually being negative and of some people downright cruel , ... okay this is the pattern i've observed : i to e intp = ti ne si fe entp = ne ti fe si the lowercase i / e indicate introversion / extraversion . if the letter order is the same save for i / e , the ... i think monty is an entp . probably an entp so they can kick-start a bunch of friendships for me and when i come back i won't be too different . i'm in my prep year at university , that's pretty much my priority right now ... i liked the movie , didn't like the ending . it was kind of like a causal loop ? i was expecting a more interesting solution than that . as far as the typing goes i thought the main character ( i ... most dominant types see submissive types as weak and most submissive types see dominant types as aggressive and / or stuck up . it's how life works . because emotionally people will always favor how they ... based on the results i'd say intj . i'm not sure how to fully explain my thought process could also indicate intj as ni is more unconscious than ti but that may be stereotyping i'm not sure . ... huh , nice idea . there could be a correlation . my dreams are usually really vivid and it takes me a couple of seconds to come back to reality . they're either really creepy psychological thriller ... make posts and hope someone replies man . share your thoughts , start a discussion . there are particular subforums for everything . comment on other posts . i only suggested the app because it's easier to use . there is no experiment going on here and it's not a support group either . everyone here just knows a little about mbti and we talk about it ... everyone replied to the rest so i wanted to adress this . ambivert isn't a thing in mbti because your functions determine your extraversion / introversion . if your dominant function is introverted , ... a female intp is definitely not the majority and it seems like we're actually the complete opposite of the ideal female . i've been accused of trying to act like a dude to get dudes multiple times but ... if you have a smart phone i suggest using the tapatalk app . but for example that was kind of part of the problem in my relationship . there was hardly any conflict for months then i started to realize that the lack of conflict wasn't because we just got along ... okay i'll be honest . a lot of people are going to say mbti doesn't define relationships but it's a personality theory so it kind of does a bit . if you gave a list of personality traits instead of ... friendship is different . you don't have as many responsibilities in a friendship , the expectations are different and you don't have to communicate with your friends as frequently as you would with a ... i have experienced this and i tend to push through the i'm not interested anymore feeling and my interest usually comes back . it always comes and goes for me and it's the same for my other ... all of them . if it's an emotional situation i'm kinda scared of it but if it's a debate or something similar i mostly can't be bothered with it . also kind of depends on the person i'm supposed to be ... interesting , thank you for answering . i have a question . let's say the world is ending and you have a spaceship . you've gotten the people necessary to build a civilization on board ( scientists , politicians maybe , physically strong ... i don't think everyone is equally valuable ( although that does not mean anyone should be treated differently ) but i don't think value can be determined by a price tag either . i don't care how rich ... my theory is that introverts like listening and extraverts like talking . two introverts ? lots of awkward silences . two extraverts ? people trying to talk over each other . ( don't get offended you know ... that's an exfp in a loop thing i think , my enfp friend would probably describe herself in the exact same way . the difference is i think where our values come from . an esfp's values would come from a ... oh i read some of those numbers wrong the picture is blurry on my phone . then i'd guess esfp because of high se so se definitely needs to be in dom or aux position . tertiary te in exfps can make them ... i'd guess entj but that looks confusing . '