' yasss , thanks ! yeah the person is an entj , so naturally entj + intp = take over the world together but idk , i guess i'm nervous because i don't wanna ruin it lol so it causes me to actually ... thank you all , those are very insightful pieces of advice it's been a while since , month 7 now , and no change lol . but i'm coping better with it i guess . the difficult part about the whole ... i mean this in any sense , friendship , relationship , etc . i'm interested in how each type can break down and explain their process / journey in how they find themselves gaining emotional ... thank u . she gets it from my side of the family lol we're both pretty introverted . we just let loose and e when we're together but i hear what you mean . i used to be esfj when i was littler ... lol that's it my girlfriend it's my sister . guess not everyone can see the resemblance , when in doubt look at our noses haha that's a pretty good , she's an isfj , but like i mentioned before ... lol . well i'm big on shadow theory . so in case my username didn't give it all away , i'm an intp , but i tend to esfj , not only often but i can usually do it on demand . wasn't always like that , ... zoned out forgot it's in my username lmaaaooo sent from my iphone using tapatalk curious like everyone else i'm gonna make it hard tho , i'm pretty diverse no ... sure sent from my iphone using tapatalk so i have a tendency to avoid confrontation with people i don't know and i bottle up a lot of stuff . there's a lot of things i do cuz i don't mind just so people stfu about it ... however this has ... if you mean playful sarcasm as showing disinterest then yeah . basically you have to make it physically obvious that you want them and have tact when delivering , otherwise rude , remarks . nature nurture man . i was very enfj-ish as a child and now i'm intp to the bone . i had my sister ( isfj ) explain to me how to fe better and i've practiced and i can do it pretty well . i'm an ... my first job was at a theme park and started as a team member ... in about a month i was promoted straight to a supervisor ... i'm an intp to the bone but i've spent years in trying out every ... the 223410 i'm the guy :p tear down the enfj by telling them they don't matter to you same with enfp except never talk to them again when they try to talk to you i see ... lol . idk why but a part of me subconsciously knows this ( ti ne ) but the martyr part of me still wants to eat dirt on this roller coaster with this girl ( si fe ) lol my inner isfj comes out ... i normally don't have problems knowing if people like me it's just that nfj's seems to bitch out when i love them lol . :( i borderline did . but she said she was talking to someone else and i get ... thedoctor 22 i see . i sort of just felt as though it could help a bit . like how they think . they're perception functions are opposite to mine so i can't understand them one but . i've been able to help ... i know i'm an i because i rarely socialize with people , groups stress me out , i'd rather observe than engage , and i keep myself to myself , i don't like touching people or sharing drinks with friends ... sometimes i feel like i fall into such a euphoric state of ne that it feels like if i keep going my imagination and mind will puncture a whole into existence and we'll all be absorbed into and and ... seems like nfj's love us from the get-go for some strange reason . and eventually when we notice our feelings ( which have been working underwraps ) care about this person , and we act upon it ( in our ... do what i do . turn everything into a competitive sport of intellect and knowledge . silently complete with the top scoring people in the class and do better than them and never gloat aloud , ( unless ... i have to say , there's a lot of haters that are just hating for the purpose of hating . some people are being bitter ;) honestly , olaf is the best comic relief i've ever see . genie is good but ... your blasphemy goes against the church of frozen , you must die . ;) :p you're dying of sleep throughout your entire day , and right as your about to lay in bed and close your eyes , your brain jizzes out anti-melatonin . no , no . i'm completely serious :p at least i can tell . o . o when you can tell if people are attracted to you . when you can tell if others are attracted to others . ;) good luck . ;) edit : in all seriousness . i read their personality types after getting that feeling . not before . it's almost like i'm not the only one who sees the vindictive tone that emerges from the words spoken from her . she probably doesn't notice it , but ( not to be typist / stereotypical ) it's something ... idk . i don't proofread things that don't matter . aww , so we're on the same page on something :) making you feel bad ? lol . no . i wasn't trying to do that . only you can . :) you care about what you ... umm . can they really be said to have si ? i think it's just the director having them recite a lot of previous info in a repetitive fashion so as to remind the audience and stuff . every character does ... oh shit , the intj has spoken . all depart . you must certainly know more about all of the things of the world . you're probably a god now . let's test that , shall we ? walk into traffic , and returned ... when you can't understand what people hope to accomplish by bitching out during a conversation / debate / argument / etc when regardless of the emotional-rage you just experienced from others , you still ... i'm planned . am i a j ? i have clear goals in mind . am i a j ? i know how to manipulate people , very well . am i a j ? i'm just saying cuz i feel that she's a strong fe user . and so is hans ( an fe user ) . there's not a drop of j ? meaning what exactly ? i know sj's that aren't all that sj anymore . i myself am not ... whispers , ... blasphemy , in the same way the duke of weselton ( weaseltown ) says sorcery ... so , just saw frozen ... again . and i now think elsa : infj > istj > infj anna : enfj hans : enfj olaf : esfp kristoff : istp ^ . ^ lol . i take it you like spanish . ;) my go to emoticon ? o . o no , spanish is . um , alright . o . o oh , i see . lol . thanks . ^ . ^ but yea , i'm serious . :) oops , i quoted the wrong person . gym leaders and elite four members using full restores . i think simba : infp maybe , not sure . haven't seen it in while wendy : sj ? peter pan : esfp merlin : intp / entp can't you just tell me what you're taking about lol ? i may be having a language barrier misunderstanding . o . o yea . but i'm saying for the greater good . our intelligence has gone too far . we have too many people because of industrialization and that's killing the planet and other species . basically we're a ... no . i don't know what you're talking about , so no . i try to see whats happening , while i absorb the info and sort it in my head so i can call upon it if needed . but sometimes , my n is like , soo , he dies . just thought you should know . ;) :/ :p yea . she's amazing . i swear i gasped aloud during my first viewing during that part . i try to shut off my intpness so that i don't ruin the story for myself . cuz mystery movies , i sometimes figure ... ... isfj . '