' you know you're an enfp when you clap the whole time you are watching this video ! ! ! and you start singing the chorus even though you've never heard the song before ! yay ! only on page 3 and i'm finally home ! :) i have gone from infj to infp to thinking i really like these infps but i just don't get some of what they say . so ... you know you're an enfp when you ... sometimes i hate the internet . i say really super stupid things . start seeing all the other times i have been that stupid and then i become extra aware of how alone i am . i used to yell at my husband for putting dishes into my water ( he never cleaned them first ) . i can't stand to have my hands in dirty water and how do the dishes get clean ? grrr child . if you keep asking me when i will finish making your hat i'll not finish ! how much trouble can i get in for smacking a 7yo ? oh and since he's learning to read he's trying to figure out ... oh sure make me miss my friend ! he had falcons and such . lol i tend to go to the other bookmark that has a c in it when i meant to come here . they have one other bookmark between and both have c so i get it . :) who needs to be with a guy to fall in love . they look at me just right or actually talk to me and well there goes me again down the love path . even the worst relationships that i have ever had i ... so i found out that i am an infp with a strong lean towards the j ;) it is interesting to know how people clean no matter what their types . personally i am not as concerned when people see my ... i check my messages way to often in hopes of messages from ... i'll watch for the book but i can only relate to the fact that seeing something like a price would start a totally different string of thoughts ! oh the diversity among the n world ! i fear to write this confession . please don't burn me at the stake . i don't usually like poetry . put it to music and i find it so amazing and beautiful and it speaks to me . sorry . i don't pretend i hate but i keep my mouth shut . i'd so like to fast forward the next few weeks as well ! i don't even know how to do one of my projects so i'm really procrastinating it . :( my future ex does stuff like that all the time . the thought actually scares me . i don't know why . hmmm food for thought . it's so much more fun to think you are all of them ! believe me i almost know . ( never did suspect t for anything lol ) i'll be your friend james . ( it's rather selfish i must admit ! ) :) i have to confess i've never read twilight . my first introduction to it was from one of those crazy fans and so i didn't even take interest . i was forced to watch the first movie . as with facebook i wish there was a different button to choose . like an i'm so sad for you i'd be using that all over the place here ! the more i learn about it the more i am convinced . even in reading how people act when they are under stress . when i take a function test i test high in fe fi ne ni and ok high in si . se is the least ... proof that my son is an nt :) showers are for having uninterrupted conversations with myself because it's the only place that truly no one invades . and dang i do answer back is that so wrong ? :) i'm the worst mom ever . if i'm supposed to be loving then why am i always screaming at my kids ? :( i fall in love too easy . they're always unavailable for many reasons . i'm unavailable and still i get crushes after crushes . it's the part i like about me least . i can't help , really . i can say that i relate to everything you said as far as your about me section . i also know exactly how it is to question who you are . i am finally feeling confident that i am ... i remember when i loved to smell my clothes because they smelled like him . * sigh * he smelled so dang good . ( still recall 20 + years later ) i wish people could see that i am reading or working on the computer or something . yet they keep yacking at me as if i can hear them . i came on here this time because i can't do what i need to do ... sometimes it's really scary opening up my heart . i want so badly to care about people but feeling so much it hurts ! last night . i was feeling utterly hopeless . i found a mediator for my divorce and found out how scared i am to move on . what if i spend forever alone ? i confess that i want to quit school . my heart is not in it this semester . i wanna be home with my babies . i'm not even sure that i can do what i want with my degree anyway . * sigh * i am so sick of my mom ! i don't have time to look for these . it means get off your lazy but and look for these ! maybe if she'd just chill out she'd find them . oh wait look at that how easy were ... ok fine . as i get to know me i think , wow i'm kinda pretty . along with my avatar which will most likely always be a pic of me i will see if i can get a high school pic up . ( it was a long time ago ! ) ... hi ! i came into forum thinking infj . realized i'm an infp . didn't really feel too nervous posting to the infj but then posting here in the infp has caused a huge issue for me . have mixed feelings ... i tried to read this thread but it was hurting too much . i can't get past the first page . i once used sex to look for love . thankful i got over that one ! just a few minutes ago when i read about some infp's experience they posted on facebook . i cry all the time ! i cried when my oldest was in his first marching band performance . my son was out there ... you can draw something that doesn't exist yet unlike the rest of your classmates that struggle with that concept ! you came out of your head long enough to go through the drive through but hit the curb on the way out because you were really still in your head ! ( i'm so glad no one was around to see that ! ) when i cry when i read something because it is me then i know it is right . :) i would say i am an infp who happens to lean towards the e side of life . lol thanks liquidlight , btw love that name ... since i have studied interior design i know what is wrong when i look . it just takes a focused effort . before the classes i would have a harder time figuring it out . if you find a weaved patterned ... this confirmed my belief that my mom is an isfp :) i also cry at reading the infp related stuff because i see me . i think i just figured it all out . you are determined to keep me confusaled . :) i do not see how i could possibly be an enfp i do know , however , that si is definitely more me then se . when i do ... this morning i woke up thinking about the whole abstract thing . then i got thinking about how i might spiritualize everything . this is a very poor example because it isn't about spiritualizing at all ... interesting food for thought . i don't know how to explain why i was trying to be e without a lot of background info . the real thing is that the whole time i knew i was an i . i've always known i was a ... ok so by psychological types are you referring to the things like catalyst ? say an infp or isfp has spent the last 3 years attempting to become something she isn't . like trying to be an e . what ... someone sent me to carl jung & psychological types from this information and what i have been reading i seem to be fi ne si te i do not find much of anything in the se that i have read so far that i ... i don't know if it helps at all but in thinking about it there may be some meaning in my pictures . they were usually people i would like to be . that's about it . i'm reading more about this stuff . i ... ok , so here i am being one of those people that don't know what type they are . who knew it would be me ? i came into the forum believing i was an infj . the possibility isn't unheard of . i did ... i turned out to be an infp . i guess that explains why i didn't get what you were saying about the rational conclusions . your type is estp extravertedsensingthinkingperceiving strength of the preferences % 8912622 2 interesting . i'm going to retake this test normal . i usually come up barely an i , ... trying to take this and still getting one section that is freakin hard to decide ! first , i don't even know if it is ok for me to post in the infp forum . sometimes i think i'm a p though so that should account for something right ? :) if facebook would have exited , and texting ... it has been most interesting skimming this thread . i have to admit that is what i do . i read much of the op then i started skimming the rest . it was good to read it even though it left me still ... by this it would make me sound like a p . my j and p are close but i am definitely a j . i have never questioned long the spiritual beliefs i was raised with . even if you wouldn't agree , for me i ... '