wow.finally a woman who understands that feelings are for feeling , not for thinking if its friends you are looking for you found one.message me anytime . i have a condition also , but mine is fun . growth growthi was a flower , new to this life.fragile.vulnerable to the weeds that grew around me.the hard dry earth resisted my roots granting but barely a grip in near barren soil.insidious ... welcome ling i'm not a cloaked assassin but i to am sure they are here if i discover them i'll give you a heads up please do the same for me welcome . i find this site very stimulating enjoy we can't get a word in edge-wise.how does that happen ? has that ever happened b4 ? will it ever happen again ? let's analyze the hell out of it careful , don't make it something it's not maybe start by not scorning them wow you girls abuse flower magic ? flowers have specific uses you know i was wondering why all the other types are here telling us about us are we that well liked ? / what ? an esfj hurt some 1 ? isnt that out of character ? bad , esfj , bad . 10.when it hurts your feelings that someone elses , anyone elses . feelings are hurt a pilot was having sex in a convertable , probably with a flight attendant , in said alley.in her haste to get him naked it was thrown where it landed.when they were finished he was looking for it when ... welcome.enjoy yourself i am welcome life is a corridor filled with innumerable doors.some swing wide with the slightest touchothers seem barred to us regardless of strength or willmost , however , require a key . we need only to find ... welcome im anything but laid back but if you ever need a wake up look me up on any subject wow that was deep i hear ya i live in calgary now but i lived in t . o . for 8 years , loved it . introductions are only pointless if you prefer to be an island welcome danger keeps me alert . serene makes me nervous well i'm from a little further east than ont . p . e . i to be more specific well im from further east than that p e i im a 6w7 hello to everyone : people call me drake . ( except for those who love , me they call me much worse ) i have never joined anything online much less a chat site , but i'm tired of ...