' something like two or three years . that's when i was last on here , at least in any active capacity . in that time i got really close with someone i met on this forum , we dated , mostly online but we ... i can totally relate to this ... to some degree ... i find it very hard to stick with firm and or authoritative guidelines . it's not like out of a desire to rebel , at least i hope not ... but i have ... as i look into the mirror . rather thankless … yet sincere , your moves confuse when - first appear , i might spend time on rhyme or reason , yet the madness proves your way , methodical laughter ... yeah ... i get that ... sometimes i feel like after holding in so much stuff it's just got to burst out and it feels goofy and over dramatic ... still feel the need for that emotional climax though ... yeah i totally get what you mean , modest mouse is good to just relax with , venting the days frustrations away maybe ? grizzly bear is great to listen to on rainy days , i often listen to it when i'm ... i generally look at myself being in a state of near perfection for the circumstances i am in , but always trying to achieve more . if i'm depressed , i consider whether or not it's natural / healthy for ... i'm actually agnostic , i don't believe in a religious dogma , but i say i cannot prove to myself that some higher order isn't placing dinosaur bones in the biggest practical joke since the forbidden ... i actually relate really well with other people ... i can empathise with them and it's been remarked that i sometimes intimidate others quite a bit both mentally and physically . but the fact of the ... talk to the doctor ... figure out if you'd trust him , but it could just as easily be explained that they show so much care and attention to their patients that they neglect other less important things ... oxytocinjunkie can't say much has improved , i don't feel unable to achieve it , i just feel that the right person ... my niche ... my place in the world is so very hard to find and there's a chance ... ta muchly . yeah i grew up being heavily ethically scrutanised by my dad , he was dogged about me always doing the right thing , of course doing the right thing requires knowing what the right thing is ... just be natural . i would definitely say that infj are not much for pursuing , they will make some effort but mostly need to know where they stand before they make movements . if he does feel similarly ... i'm feeling more and more depressed lately ... i've lacked the motivation to get to uni which means i've withdrawn from 3/4 of my semesters subjects , i'm going to melb uni too so i have no idea ... was just thinking ... during an exam i realised both of my pens ran out and as the examiners were looking away in a room filled with like 150 students i quickly turned around and stole a friends pen ... hmmm this is a difficult one ... lion : majestic , appears fierce but actually does little work moose : tend to be solitary , pretty laid back regardless , it sounds like you're in a great place with him friendship or otherwise :) it's not often you get to find those relationships so i'm happy for ya ! yeah i'd casually mention how important he is to you and see how he takes it . sometimes it's nice to actually hear how people feel rather than having to figure it out . doesn't have to be much , just ... yeah i do it all the time ... yeah ... how to put it eloquently ... that sucks ... it might help to shift your focus from is this it ? to what else is there . try to move away from finding dissatisfaction with your current life ... i'd say it depends on if you usually hang out i na group or just one on one . if it's one on one and you've got both a deep friendship / the gaze going on ( yeah i use the gaze when i care deeply about ... look in all fairness i'd say taht alot of what they say is true , strengths are weaknesses , we don't always get stuff right . for example , intuitively working stuff out essentially means that ... it's really interesting i was htinking about it today ... kinda goes along with not connecting well with the majority of people . i generally feel ( horror of teenage soap opera horrors ) that i'm ... yeah ... atm i'm having trouble knowing who i am ... i figure i don't need to know right now , but it's causing me a fair amount of grief ... i feel like the few people i trsut or are close to trusting ... i'd say a big part of it is the need to have another person value us / understand us so that in turn we can see who we are . is there not faith that is not religious ? i mean to say belief in the world / people / whatever you want to believe in . as in the value of being able to accept things as given to you as opposed to ... miracle = miraculous , it's odd that we instinctively attribute a positive connotation to this word when it pretty much means just something that was unexpected which means to say that a newly married ... no but it's been nice playing ( bet you can't make them ask you about the beach in your living room ) with you ! a new record of three posts ! haha , if push came ot shove i'd have to say it's actually ... personally what causes me stress is generally fretting about trying to move section a ( being the world inseide my head ) through section b ( the convenient conceptual bridge that exists between minds ) ... in the nick of time hopefully , but if not when then how ? needless to say i've gone through seven remotes that mysteriously ended up with sand in them rendering them useless ... ah , my beach gets jealous if i don't stumble across the way to turn the tellie on so i guess it's relatively the same ... apologies if this classic doesn't have your sides splitting hello , welcome and the european postal service ! hmm , personally tf2 ( team fortress 2 ) , bad company 2 , bastion ( is totally brilliant btw ) ... harking back to ye olde classics that i played religiously ( and secularilarilooralie ( secularly ): ocarina of ... what is it that you seek from life , the purpose you have ? i guess it could best be described as self actualisation . is it not great enough that we exist and that in our very existence we impact ... ^ faield to say it better myself ! perhaps i should work on communicating / conveying my thoughts more succinctly ... yeah i totally agree . i have had to have a chat with myself regarding my expectations ... but i've given myself reason to beleive that ( after long consultation with my very critical self ) that whilst ... this has gotten unnecessarily public . i would suggest that if anyone is interested in the details of the problem they should pm the respective parties involved ... if they could go one further and ... personally i'd say that to capture someones interest you should be unexpected ... that's not to say that you should start using public transport naked ... but the idea is that by subtly hinting that ... thankyou , it's a very vague case i've presented and you've definitely given me some very useful insight . i've just been informed by my close friend , who is having the joined birthday with me that she ... the double edged dagger conspicuous canters echo through sublime streams of screams , tears and fears fall reared horses , unshod , uncontrolled , unbroken and mighty - emphatic booms of ... i think it's really just about circumstance and timing ... as in i'd find it hard to commit to any answer 100 % but in general i reckon i'd like to be a father ... prospect is a tad scary at ... ye gads ... what's there to add ? i think i'd have to agree ... pizza is certainly up there among my favourites ... thankyou , yeah my general routine in class was to quite simply let it go . my problems with the apology aren't ( as far as i'm consciously aware ) with accepting some fault here , but rather reinforcing ... that's the thing though ! i rarely if ever see her ! not anymore ... she wouldn't be in my presence if she could help it , so now we've left high school there's no chance in hell . i don't spend time ... once more ? hopelessly , endlessly , we circled around the forgotten promise and denial . we visited the arena of courtship , sound of lasting conflict walking down the aisle , why were we weeping ? ... seastallion thankyou ! i have infact asked her , all she reveals is that i just annoy her ... as i had said none of her friends could shed any light ( and they are just as puzzled as me ... ) yeah ... mutual implosion / the pains of the defuser it's some time after midnight , can't be sure why you are here ... no targets in sight and a quiet place . - i was made to make sure you die indefinitely ... hmm , my problem isn't a problem per see but an ongoing annoyance ... would like your advice if possible . can't really type them but from the beginning to the end of high school two girls held a ... not waving but drowning nobody heard him , the dead man , but still he lay moaning : i was much further out than you thought and not waving but drowning . poor chap , he always loved larking ... '