' i am an intp . i think i got lost , but if you're new here , welcome . i just hate organizing information . i freaking hate music , buckethead is stupid , and i don't relate to him in weird ways at all . albert einstein was just a stupid old guy that nobody ever cared about and never will , and esfjs are ... oh , yes , i like this , and i'm only a few seconds in , haha . now , i'm listening to this : i didn't choose it , it flew to me from outer space and i looked at it and said , probably . oh , don't worry , only my arm has come off so far . it didn't hit anybody besides the old lady at the park . yeah , music affects me pretty deeply . my percentage for intp was only 48 percent . then i had fifteen percent for intj and fifteen for infp , which i thought was a weird mixture . i am pretty sure i'm ... oh , forget that . this is my favorite : i found this on an intp forum : i rarely show emotion although i am feeling it . when i do it is normally just an explosion of everything due to something pushing me over the top . the explosion of ... welcome , welcome . glad you'll be staying a while , haha . my father is an esfp . i am an intp , so there are times when we don't get along , but i barely get to not get along with him anymore , because he's really sick . uh , if you're an intj , i am seduced . i have a thing for them . i have a thing for drummers and guitarists as well , so , any of that . mystic rhythms by rush haha . that advice is a little bit terrible . oh , and thanks for making me think of this : just because you said the word perdition . i'm pretty sure he ... what you said makes sense . i think that about a year ago , i was a very different person . i view the world in a different way now . i am an intp now , i wasn't quite exactly that then . um . i wonder what it means if that he kept blushing upon seeing me . he even tried to hide it from his friends but was unsuccessful . it was hilarious . maybe he does , then . i would think . that sucks . too bad it's not easy for a person to just suddenly pack up and move to sweden . maybe you need a change of scenery or something . people always seem to think i'm naive as well as weird , ... i know marty friedman is an intp , but if anybody thinks they can type anybody else , go right ahead . dave mustaine , for instance , i can't quite type him . definitely an infp . my depressed infp friend relates to him completely , too . to learn . to have fun . to agree . to disagree . intps spend too much time on the internet . who do you hang around with anyway , esfps ? ( kidding , kidding . sort of . ) anyway , maybe you should try telling them they're boring . then again , maybe that's a bad solution . honestly , i can't help you , ... i am not an f but characters who do irrational things when they are already angry for an irrational reason irritate me . i'm talking to you , tris prior . i hate those books . no offense to anyone , but , ... i am thinking of an annihilator song and about what ether does to the body , for some reason . hey , as me and my infp friend like to say , there's nobody as weird as buckethead . look him up . anyway , you can't be as weird as me . yeah , people call me weird , too , but don't take it so hard . think ... thank you , and i think she doesn't see ( i mean , with her literal eyes ) when some of this happens either , but i guess she is a lot more intuitive than i just gave her credit for . yeah , i'm really not ... he looks like a fun guy . she's drawing mountains by an autumn for crippled children . in essence , it's pretty much hipster black metal . there's a lot more music i like from last year , though , haha . here's a link to check the ... intj for sure . sounds like the one i know in some ways . kanren if this is accurate , an intj likes me . btw , the intp one is quite accurate , actually . what kind of music do you like the most or a lot , and are you mostly loyal to that one genre or do you stray a bit ? have you ever met an intp , and what did you think of them ? do you wish you were ... i told his sister ( my best friend ) that but she said she didn't think so . i should probably trust what she says except for the fact that she is an infp so who knows if she has any idea about her ... i think that i acted a bit more f about a year ago , but i'm pretty sure i'm a t , even looking back on my childhood , and the way i behaved even back then was so geeky i've got to be an intp . i guess i ... sound of muzak by porcupine tree the low key compliment thing is true . the guy i like wore a pink floyd shirt because he knew i liked them and then i was like , nice shirt . haha , i'm so bold . welcome . most of my friends are infps , haha . you remind me of my best friend a bit . yay , metal ! haha . if they want to talk to you , and maybe start to get on your nerves a little bit . if they smile at you . if they put down their book . to say something to a human . namely you . aaaand this is probably ... hey ! welcome to this website of awesomeness ! or whatever . yeah , i have recently become sarcasm fluent myself . only recently . kinda sad , huh ? :p zen lizard , i see what you did there . :) haha , you guys all seem pretty cool . :) yeah , i can be a metalhead and a diamond . lol . well , earlier today , i was listening to a technical death metal band called atheist , which would've gotten me a whole lot more street cred than what i'm listening to right now , which is teen idle by ... i am thinking about the lyrics to tom sawyer because the song is stuck in my head . what you say about his company is what you say about society ! i am also thinking about how cool the band atheist ... i am new to this website too , fellow female intp . yeah , sarcasm and cats are pretty cool . i am learning a language , too ! it's spanish , but i am not very consistent with my learning . i'm 15 , by the ... first , i'll tell you a secret about me , because everybody likes to hear a secret once in a while , right ? i am a no-longer-closeted marina and the diamonds fan . that is only embarrassing for me ... ( if you don't want to read all of this , skip to the last two sentences . ) i am in a similar situation , and when i talk to the intj in my particular situation , i am usually with his family , since i am ... '