'  ... what we did is inform each other what our love languages were , and both of our primaries are physical touch . so hugs , cuddling , hand holding , all that cute-sy crap that couples do ... we're big on ... i am currently dating an intj . objectively , she is the most compatible woman for me from all of my relationships heretofore . this was an observation by both of us ( eventually ) and all of our ... quite , actually . it keeps us alive :) this is that one , i'm just posting it here for the people that don't visit the overall forum . a friend pointed me to it originally . the following link is a map where you can post your location and mbti type , let's show all those other types that the entp's are more awesome than they already thought because we're everywhere ! ! :D ... after having gone through my first year , i can honestly say this is the happiest i have ever been :) i do love entp's , we are wonderful people :) this looks like it could be another excellent tv series , and if we are very , very lucky , not a bad movie . have not , will not , severely troubled that it is such a common occurrence . i had a severe case of triggered depression from the ages of 14 to late 18 , solid b + student with the potential for a's if i had applied myself , arrogant because i liked to talk about the things i ... yeah , it's true . letting them lead unencumbered , we should challenge them so they can grow ! :D but that's just not as fun :P i think entj's definitely do a better job leading . my suggestion would be to let an entp be a charismatic face to the people . i do the same thing with the multi-day days . i'm going to be pulling one tonight in fact . i have however lost the body's internal need to wake up at a certain time . it takes awhile , but after a ... in theaters - captain america on dvd / blu-ray - serenity the majority of my friends are sensors , even a couple of sf's . so long as people recognize the differences , getting along with anyone isn't all that hard . there are two ways that i am : 1 . i don't talk much , as i am worried about making a good impression and don't want to step on any toes . 2 . ( more frequent ) i am just me , friendly and making jokes . basically this . i don't know what it was , but the woman annoyed me just from the interview . quorra from tron i effectively have two outfits . 1 . casual - jeans , skater shoes , a black shirt ( sometimes with graphics , other times none ) , and a gray digital camo accented coat . 2 . formal - suit . italian ... monster - paramore professional hacker . all my life i have had a chronic problem with insomnia , generally because i can't make my mind stop running a mile a minute unless i am literally exhausted ( 20 + hours of being awake in a row ) it is ... my strategy which has generally worked : 1 . create a semi-awkward situation . 2 . draw attention to semi-awkward situation . 3 . act like the situation is not awkward , add compliment . this is then ... ah yes , examples . begin !  ... somewhere around 10 or 11 , it was hard to keep track in my head . i did watch the movie lolita however , and i would like to read the book ; it is a truly interesting story . i very rarely need support , and i am always willing to try to give someone support . but if they are a strong f , that tends to be difficult for me . i love positive attention and affirmation , i ... passionate in some way , and i usually find it in rock :) techno is also a friend of mine . yeah that guy is a jerk , the fact that he is entp has nothing to do with that . were i a girl , i would dump him too . exactly my sentiments ;) it's because you secretly love all of us and our insanity ! :) i would guess the relationships just ended badly . it's an unfortunate truth that bad breakups are a fairly common things , and i don't think personality types are going to effect the chance of a ... the nuclear track of a b . s . in engineering-physics . plan to move into a masters degree somewhere in nuclear medicine . i've got one thing i do that has worked pretty well for me so far . in a somewhat concerned tone , say : hey , i'm really bad with feelings , so just imagine whatever i could say right now that would ... yesterday evening i watched the new captain america movie with some of my friends and i was just interested in other people's opinions , and wanted to share my own ! i think the movie was very ... to the point where as a hardcore anti-communist , i debated my friend for two hours the other day about the logical validity of communism . it was really fun :) so yes , debate is the best ! i always knew that i was going to end up in the sciences , as i got older the teachers that were my mentors led me towards physics , and once i was there i naturally fell into the field of nuclear ... '