' i couldn't stay away from my ex . i had to message him . we used to play portal together and when i saw this video it reminded me of him : when i'm pushed for too long and i start to push back . when i state the answers in class proudly because i like people to know i'm smart , haha . when i'm in a one-on-one discussion with someone and ... infp's have the best dream homes . i'm so thrilled they are coming to my hometown in a few months . i highly recommend a listen . does this qualify as a yurt ? i would love to live in something like this someday and i have secret love affair with yurts . meh , i'm tipsy ... and i'm here to tell you , you are a perfectly wonderful person . and the text is fine , it's you bud . please feel free to share whatever you want , it may strike a cord with some of ... i hope your day improves . i know it's not much of an offer from a stranger online , but please let me know if there is anything i can do for you . my confession for today . i just had two margaritas and i'm feeling exxxcellent . good way to end a shitty monday . haha :) i've been accused of being a tease a few times in my life . however the times mentioned above were unintentional . i'm was feeling pretty irritated and homicidal today . i had a massage client come in who kept gyrating his hips like he was trying to make babies with my massage table and kept trying to pull off ... i peruse zillow.com often to fantasize about my future . this is my current dream home with this being the ... i just got told by a male friend that i sap all the sexyness out of a conversation it reminded me of another time i was told by a guy i was dating that i'm very good at evading physical touch , ... te ( extroverted thinking ) ( 40 % ) your valuation of / adherence to logic of external systems / hierarchies / methods ti ( introverted thinking ) ( 48 % ) your valuation of / adherence to your own ... i have ! i taught english as a foreign language for 5 months in hefei , china . it was wonderful and i recommend getting out while you can to anyone , regardless of personality type . now i'm a single mom ... it sucks being an airhead sometimes . i'm never quite sure if i lost something or it was stolen . but i'm pretty sure my wallet was stolen from my car ... i hope they enjoy the already over-drafted bank ... well don't do that , it will only hurt more . unless you intend on knocking yourself out , but i imagine the headache will still be there when you wake . feel better soon . annoyed , want to be alone . i hate how forgetful i am . i can't find my wallet anywhere , chances are i misplaced it but i'm also freaking out that it got stolen . the best i can do is a virtual hug * hug * * big hugs for you ! * doubtful , unstable , and unsure . i've had a feeling similar to this . about two years ago i started thinking about an old friend from junior high , her name is holly . i hadn't spoken to her for at least 10 years but i just felt the ... i feel comfortable in the dreamers forums ( you know enfj , infj , enfp , infp ) . when i post anywhere else i begin to get defensive because anyone else becomes intimidating . i often meditate in the shower . like recommended a sound to focus on , i kneel down and feel the water beating on my back to help me clear my mind . online dating is scary . i tried for a couple days and also got scared away . one guy tried to send me pictures of his nether regions another guy berated me for ignoring his message and when i ... i'm open to forming a new opinion , from a healthy and well-adjusted estp . bromide thank you . i often doubt my decision and wonder if i could have held it together longer . i'm sorry you had to ... i suppose i should end with a moral to the story of some sort , so here it is : empathy is not a weakness , it is a wonderful quality to have . just make sure to help from a distance and don't allow ... i've only known one estp in my life and honestly he left a terrible impression . while estp's can be known to be callous and insensitive , i suspect this one went a bit further with an antisocial ... and . meepers did you imagine yourself bowing ? ;) confession : when i ' thank ' a post here , i imagine myself bowing to the poster ... or tipping an invisible cowboy hat . so from now on , if i thank your post , you should imagine me bowing to you ( or ... i personally get overwhelmed when i picture the big project . it has taken some practice but what helps for me is to break the project down into steps . step 1 ) research my topic step 2 ) write an ... i thought of another one . ( i hope this doesn't come off as homophobic because that is not the direction i am going in ) i don't understand sex reassignment surgery . in any other case of plastic ... god , i love you people :) virtual hugs are awesome . i can't understand why it is so easy to see the beauty in others but so difficult to see any beauty in myself . congrats absurdist ! i have no idea how many people i've kissed :/ your future will always be waiting for you . i say go and take advantage of the present . i want to hug you . this feeling is somewhat familiar to me . i think you are beautiful . infp raised mormon now simply optimistically agnostic i don't imagine one ultimate being however , but wonder if perhaps we are much more powerful than we believe and together we join as a ... you enfp's are just so darn lovable and admirable . it's hard to stay away from you folks . confession : if i actually confessed the worst part of myself , i'm pretty sure i'd be hated or at minimum ridiculed . i still haven't forgiven myself . ooh , i thought of another one me1 : you should get a boob job . me2 : i don't need a boob job . you've been brainwashed by the media . me1 : maybe , but wouldn't you look amazing with bigger boobs ? ... my aspirations are very similar to yours . in fact i could just copy and paste most of them . psychologist psychiatrist mental health counselor art therapist yoga instructor chaplain writer ... god damn you ... that response actually made me tear up a bit . i decided to peruse the enfp forum because i was missing an ex that is an enfp . then i read the post by silberlied i'm in love with an enfp that doesn't want me to be and thought , you too huh ? ... so being fe more than fi would mean i'm more of a infj ? i still feel as though infp suits me best , but i'm probably good at disguising my selfishness . plan a : md psychiatry plan b : phd clinical psychology plan c : mental health counselor plan D: massage therapist plan e : sugar daddy plan f : high class escort man , i sure go downhill fast :( ... hi yakisano , i'm a licensed massage therapist and i have a passion for holistic healing . there are quite a variety of areas you can work in as far as holistic medicine . you can choose work in a spa ... i had to answer because i noticed i did something strange today in the parking lot at school . i walked by a girl who was parking her vespa and was feeling quite jealous that i didn't have one . in my ... '