' favorites : one flew over the cuckoo's nest , 1984 alright : the things they carried , extremely loud and incredibly close , wuthering heights , there are no children here worst : frankenstein , ... exercise ? a free spirit , a dreamer , prefers group work luminaries thrive when they are working with ideas and people . they like expressing their creativity to others . being a part of meaningful relationships ... yeah . i mean , they're in my closet in my parents house but i don't plan on throwing them away . i like reading what my friends wrote in them , that brings up some good memories . the rest of the ... graphic design , the rest sound like torture . no , that description is my isfj boyfriend . drives me insane . 0_0 lol affinity , yup i'm starting my sophomore year . good to be optimistic , sounds like a productive but not super busy day . i like those . hahaha i like doing presentations , and the graduate student teaching it seems pretty chill . i guess it's fun compared to my other classes . it's from the show glee . i used to be obsessed . now i ... i had two classes today : human anatomy and physiology , and public speaking . the first is going to be really hard ; the second will be a fun and easy a . woo ! wasn't really excited or nervous , i feel ... the problem with these types of threads is that i don't know whether or not to just jump in the current conversation or just sort of sneak in like i am now ... too lazy to read the past posts . so ... the song banshee beat by animal collective has helped me through some hard times . like when i found out my grandmother had died , i put that shit on and just melted away . you know either way you ... give yourself something that you have to do every week . get a gym membership and go to a certain fitness class a couple times a week if you want to get fit , take a class if you want to learn ... wh1zkey , yeah it's really about the money , time and health . i love being out with people , but i really can't do it every night , not even every week . i do not tolerate sleep deprivation , i get ... damn , those dogs are really tolerant ; mine would have bitten the bear suit guy if she even got that close . she'd probably try to run away though . i'm known for being really deep and ... 1 ) in what areas have you attained a mastery in or wish to attain a mastery in and why . horsemanship . i love that's there's always something else to learn , always room for improvement , the science ... sleepy and unproductive this song has never been more relevant . voltaic crusher - of montreal i write a thousand songs for you a day but i never run out of things to say you're my ulysses that i'll never end now ... someone came by my room to give me an oreo ball and oh my god was it good . exhausted . spent 10 hours at a horse show , muddy as hell , and almost got kicked multiple times while trying to take temp . now i have a headache and everyone is pissing me off indirectly . all i want ... damn you . stay away from me . i've got a disease . everyone is sleeping . fuck ! you for putting hate in me ; for putting faith in me . everyone is sleeping . i'd be like hey oh ! and get all excited and start talking about things and seem to be getting along , but eventually we'd start fighting because we're sarcastic bitches . give to me sweet sacred bliss , your mouth was made to suck my kiss . yeah , i definitely like fb a lot more . this website is starting to bore me again . i'm interested , but i have no idea how this works .. ? i'll just go ahead and add you on google . hmmm .. i'd like to say they love my passion ; i don't half-ass things , it's either all or nothing . said passion is expressed in my dedication to the aspects of my life that matter and very intense ... ah , that makes more sense . just got out of a group tutoring session and i was like omg , i could do this so much more effectively , stop wasting time ! so that was on my mind haha . most important ... only if those facts can be applied to something and has importance . i wouldn't say i memorize facts for the sake of memorizing . that does nothing . you need to actually understand what's going on . ... this is specific , but i'm really into horses , so i believe in giving the best care possible and training them with fairness . i believe in education , not typical schooling of memorizing facts , but ... doublemasked , what internal values are important to you ? how do you act upon them ? edit : whoops . slow post . herp , would you consider yourself a hard worker ? i really fucked it up this time , didn't i my dear ? 1 . if somebody is saying something you totally disagree , do you people tend to tell you disagree without the fear of being unpleasant ? i guess it depends what is being said . if it's just politics , i ... health ! and spring break ! ! only got four more months being a teenager , but yeah . hey oh . santa won't come to a house with an undecorated tree . tooth fairy couldn't get to your pillow because your room was too dirty . anything they leave out around the house is going to get ... i don't know . i just always have . it's fun . the best kind makes me feel alive . i like to sing . everyday is exactly the same . i'm gonna marry really rich buy a super nice piece of property build a custom house , modestly sized but nice features , on the back of the property for privacy and amazing views . big porch . build a ... when i was younger , i always got mistaken for being a lot older because i hung out with older people and i've always been mature for my age . i think they were just mistaken by my behavior . in one ... not good . i'm just glad i go to a huge school so when i start crying ... alone ... in the middle of the dining hall , no one knows who i am ... i'm emotionally tired and i need to get out of here . i have no ... i want to see into the future . i have a major decision to make and both choices have negative effects . i don't know what to do and i have no one to talk to . aeon - neurosis moonjock - animal collective i've gotten really into these guys : thinking of a title for my essay . i got comparison of two sources when looking at the issue of doping in the horse racing industry and that is just way too long ... oh i got it . replace when looking ... surprisingly alright . i'm pissed at my boyfriend for not talking to me today , every reply has been ok . i have a essay to write that i've been putting off . wrote like maybe 100 words in the past ... :( sorry about that i want this goddamn paper to write itself ! ! ! who the hell does it think it is , just sitting around taking space on my computer ? ? you need to earn your keep , bitch ! i'm not an artist by any stretch of the imagination , but this is what i did last night to distract me from various stress ... 62919 it's all about passion and knowledge is basically my life's ... two girl scout thin mint cookies . i wish i had the money to stock pile those things . to feel physically well . been in a state of sickliness , weakness since christmas . :/ it's a quote from glee : he's cheating off a girl who thinks the square root of four is rainbows . my join date is around 2010 .. ? that's when i was obsessed with glee . can't stand it now , but the ... '