' i was a huge fan of watching it when i was younger , especially the harcore matches . i still watch it occasionally though , although it's not the same as it used to be : happy : such a beautiful piece of music . thanks for sharing :) i loved watching cold case it was so different to other crime shows . i love when they were able to reopen the case and we are able to see how things unfold . i always sighed with relief when the cases ... reflekt : need to feel loved disturbed : ten thousand fists linkin park : my > dsmbr 2ne1 : it hurts massive attack : unfinished sympathy xx : intro red hot chili peppers : naked in the rain massive ... my favourite drink for me has to be a nice cuppa tea . i love it : happy : hello and welcome : happy : nothing wrong with having a couple of drinks . go out and have fun with your mates and just be yourself , make sure that you're all responsible and get home safely . in my opinion i wouldn't suggest ... hey welcome aboard , i hope you have fun here . thanks for serving . take care : happy : hello and welcome nostalgiac , i hope you have fun here :) i tend to find myself doing that when especially if i am a social situation ( party , dinner ) , you're more than likely to find me sitting down on the sideline observing people ( not in a stalkerish kind ... i'd much rather prefer to see where i'm going / who's nearby . i'm somewhat ok with being in the dark at home until i hear a noise lol . but else where i can not stand it . especially walking home in the ... happy birthday in advance mashidar . my favourite holiday season would have to be christmas , it's that time of year where all my family home or abroad spend time with each other , which always makes ... i totally understand , i never was able to fit into the loud crowd that loved to party and get wasted , and didn't want to either as i preferred the quieter side of life , just sitting down talking with ... thankfully , i've been able to either drift away from those or cut them off completely . i've been through the whole friends that put you down in front of others or in general to attempt to boost ... i can't view mine either , thanks for the links pastiche and the king of dreams lol my opinion , would be for you to stick it out and finish college rather than leaving the course as you may look back one day and regret making the decision of leaving college . psychology is such a ... sent : i'm stopping by the shops on the way home , do you need anything ? received : a bounty please is this my life lol : happy : who or what inspires you ? my commute usually takes 30m inutes , depending on how clear the roads are . i'm usually travelling slap bang in the middle of rush hour hello & welcome , i hope you have fun here :) . i hear you on the social anxiety part as i have it too * sigh * mine is ryan gosling :) beauty and the beast pocahontas lion king aristocats hercules toy story there's so many to choose from :) hello & welcome :) woop woop , congrats :) i have a looong way to go :) red hot chili peppers linkin park p . o . d michael jackson massive attack india arie daft punk stevie wonder u2 the prodigy flying to me seems so liberating , allowing you to travel the world which is a great life experience and whenever you want to get away for a break you can just take off hello and welcome aboard . i hope you reach your target of raising the amount of money for a very good cause . i wish you all the best :) would you rather give up steak or pizza for the rest of your life ? i'd rather give up steak what was your last daydream about ? my last day daydream involved me being chased by an alpaca tell us ... :) i'm quite new to anime shows , however i finished watching paranoia agent and nabari no ou not too long ago after stumbling across it randomly which was cool . i'm now getting into spice and wolf . i'm ... i would feel rather awkward as someone within my presence already knows or has seen the mistake being made , especially if it's within a larger group of people that i may not know well hello and welcome :) thanks everyone :) to each their own .. i myself have never had any cosmetic procedures , i have somewhat grown to accept some of the little quirks that i once despised . it makes me me if that makes any sense scorpio sun , virgo ascendent , pisces moon :) evening all , just saying hello :) i'm a quiet person , it's my nature . there are times when a topic is brought up and people ask me my opinion i just freeze up and panic sets in as it feels like all eyes are on me , as much as i'd love ... welcome , i'm new here myself :) while alone i am mostly in my own little bubble listening to music . other than that it's time for me to get creative by drawing , painting etc . i also like to reflect by going for a nice walk grand designs ace of cakes the simpsons nabari no ou takeshi's castle columbo family guy csi '