' definitely demented anyway . : laughing : i was into amanda palmer for maaany years . now i can't stand her but i think i know her personality pretty well though i'm less of an mbti expert so it's hard to get this right , but for now i'm ... i was almost certain he was enfp but the more videos i view of him i started to think he was esfp instead . glad someone else threw that into the ring first though :) i think he oozes quite a bit ... sorry but that's bullshit . i've been with my bf 4 years . i love him very much . but i don't know i will love him forever . no one does . i certainly hope i do . i hope we both love each other for the ... ptsd / trauma ? also hallucinations when trying to get to sleep are quite common - they're called hypnagogic hallucinations . intj , esfp , esfj my boyfriend is intp and has long hair down to his arse . infp intp intj ... that's pretty much how i am . i could cuddle my bf all day long but with other people i'm not that comfortable with hugs and stuff unless they're close family or friends , and even then it can be a bit ... for me it's not so much that i mirror other people that i'm around , it's just that while i'm very sure of who i am and have a hell of a lot of insight into my own personality i seem to have traits ... similarly i could say : unless drinking alcohol can be 100 % eradicated , encouraging women not to drink will not decrease the rape rates because if a rapist is seeking out a drunk woman , he'll find a ... i think that makes a lot of sense . i asked my boyfriend if that's a factor for him or whether cuddles is just a pure enjoyment thing and he says he's not sure , maybe a bit of both . he's pretty touchy ... interesting variation of replies . thanks ! btw , i'm more talking about affection shown to someone you're already in a relationship with . my boyfriend was pretty cuddly from the beginning though . we ... my personal problem with that is that i don't feel i fit into any enneagram type lol . i'm like a mixture of 1 , 2 , 4 , 6 and 9 . : sad : intp : kitteh : i'm just wondering if there is a general rule as to how affectionate an intp is , particularly males . my boyfriend is an intp - a very very stereotypical intp , and he loves cuddles . i'm ... even to the extent of showing 2 kinds of traits that are complete opposites ? is this a symptom ( heh ) of being infj ? i believe we're supposed to be tidy but i'm not at all . i'm too lazy to be ... i need coffee . exactly . it happens almost every time when there is a discussion about a rape case , but rarely with any other crime unless the victim did something out of the ordinary . there are high rates of ... i didn't mention responding badly . if person a was in a car crash and it was the other driver's fault ( person b ) , would you tell person a that while it was completely person b's fault that the ... with regards to risk management , millions of people go out every week end , get sloshed , and manage to not get raped , so that's probably why the risk is seen as minimal . you probably have more of a ... but see , you started off saying to never get drunk unless you're with people you know and trust and now you're saying never get drunk . and define drunk . everyone is using the passed-out-drunk as an ... good grief . sorry but socialising is very heavily based on drinking ( in the uk anyway ) . drive round the town on a saturday night and everyone is pished . i'm not saying you can't socialise when you ... you'll have to help me out here . what part of i was joking do you need me to explain ? my comment was a joke . i was poking fun . it was tongue in cheek . then you took me seriously and went on ... that's a feeling i felt * very * deeply as a teenager . my advice would be to just try not to worry about it too much . i was the steroetypical advice-giver as a teenager . people would open up to me but ... lol that's funny cos i was joking it was maybe funny the first time ... i wish this was what was being said but it's not . people are seeing she was drunk and whether she was with friends or strangers is irrelevent to them . she got drunk so tough shit , what did she ... freezing isn't always about going catatonic at the first sign of danger . with me , i fought and struggled first and at some point the freeze instinct took over . for all i know , if that hadn't taken ... a close friend of mine is an isfp and almost all of the stereotypes in the 1st post fit her except for the artistic one . she's very very good at writing though so if that's considered artistic then ... i'm sorry if this has been posted already but this made me laugh like a maniac - the bit where he confronts the guy in a wheelchair : laughing : who told you the freeze response was psychological ? everything i've read tells me it's biological . i highly doubt it is surprisingly easy to train out of a person and i am certain even if it was , ... my boyfriend of 4 years is an intp . one of the things that i love about him is his childlike simplicity with certain things and also how relaxed he is about everything . it balances me out . i also ... haha , that's brilliant . i can't believe you thought he was responding to you . hahaha ego : laughing : : laughing : so weird , i was actually talking with my bf about this yesterday . when i was a teenager i wrote really bad poetry and one of the lines was i hate feeling lonely , i'd rather be alone as at a young ... entp ? 2 enfjs with an istj in between ? infj i don't believe 2 drunk people having sex is rape at all . i think that idea is ridiculous . when it becomes rape is when one party is so hammered they can't move or speak properly , perhaps passing in ... so when 2 people equally drunk have sex , they've raped each other . : shocked : yeah i had to give myself a good talking to when i started to feel terrified of all intjs because that's silly . i came in this sub-forum and unfortunately the first bunch of posts i read came ... done . if the sex is consensual , whether drunk or not , then it's not rape . there might be exceptions to this , i'm not sure , but those kinds of details are what will be debated in court if it gets that far , ... yes they are responsible for their decisions . but no one decides to be raped . the problem is that a drunk girl isn't partially to blame for a crime she didn't commit . thankfully , even if you don't recognise this , the law does . so your point is that if a friend came to you in distress because she was raped while she was drunk you wouldn't offer her any support . ok , thanks for your input . i'm another who is confused about your use of the word pity . i don't think rape victims want pity . people who have been raped don't go around saying poor me , i was raped , please pity me . are you ... here are some more , sorry if they're wrong ( still learning ) . esfp ... i'm not familiar with all the types yet but here are a couple : intp ... george orwell - 1984 fyodor dostoevsky - crime & punishment margaret atwood - oryx & crake herman hesse - steppenwolf luke rhinehart - the dice man patrick suskind - perfume mark haddon - the ... '