' glad it was helpful . you are welcome . this was formulated already because i asked and answered it for myself before . i think that for intj , new questions take a while to articulate to others . i ... i know what i know . i know what i don't know . i'm honest and open about that . everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses , and many people seem to judge themselves based on how they compare ... yes . who cares ? will i ever be who i am not to seek approval from others ? um . no . why would i want to seek approval from people who have decided that i should ( blindly ) follow the dictates ... i can't answer that question . all the intps i know and love irl are female ... sorry for my delay in response . been working too much as usual . now enfp - a great truth i learned - when a thing ... which is why i honed in on this stage-the personal patterning probably happens here . at this stage , because the person is deciding how they choose / act for the rest of their lives . pre-operative ... so you're in the developmental camp of n-mothers , too . not oxymoron . jung essentially said type / preferences is / are hardwired - but he was working with adults . my argument is that it's not ... stanford s'mores , not smarties . dude did it with marshmallows . and delayed gratification . these are all parts of questions i have , not answers . i'm thinking through them as you all ask me ... i've been collecting information from variety of mothers about differences in their children . they all noticed ' something ' mbti related before 6 . some before 2 , some very early . the n mothers noticed ... start a thread if you like , i'll move there if you want . yes , we moved when i was young too . maybe this added into the selection . no dice . not always the case . support : entp mother , intj ... as a generalization - i was pulling from piaget's stages . children engage with environment on a more sensory-exploratory level than adults . i don't think that we all follow the exact same mechanisms ... dabbling - typed very long reply and lost the response . silly computers . will reply later this evening as off to work in a few minutes . totally agree with premise . question about talent ... i know , nf , but it really helps some of us ( nt ) understand your type better . ( i'm always spell-checking my infp's documents . ) some of us need the punctuation so that we can tell what's happening ... i don't have an answer to that question , fully . i know of no studies presently that suggest that men and women process betrayal or disgust differently , but i will look and see what i find . the ... no - your male amygdala and frontal lobes are just more activated during the response - so deeper emotional conditioning is involved in your response via the amygdala , and more executive functions via ... you would get heat stroke , and we might have to call paramedics if larping outside in july . why am i motivated to play this game ? convince my anterior cingulate cortex ... my acc does not see the ... top 10 things i never say to my intp family members and friends . 1 ) oh , that only took 3 sentences to explain . how cool are you ? 2 ) what a great filing system you have . i'll be you never lose ... is it d - 20 rpg p / p or larp style ? dabbling , alethea , yip 1205 derail tag - explanation shame and guilt are cognitively processed by different brain centers in different people . this is why i asked two intj women to respond , and ... candidate for what ? au contraire . seeking underlying motivation for another person's actions is neither p nor j . you are not a lemming , and you don't have to run off the cliff with the rest of the herd . you don't ... and you had my response to why there is t-f conflict over there , ultimately it's really not personal ... however , i don't fully agree with your statement above about arguing based on feelings . any ... lol . not to be obtuse ! i just meant that i would choose a different social group when presented with people that don't share my values . if this is not an option , why not pull back and observe the ... too many burritos and too much oj for you . meanwhile , i'm headed for breakfast . thinking about milkshakes made me hungry . alignment is different now ... most of the pc deities are now unaligned . remember , cg is gone , and le is too . n is now u . there are only 2 g , and 2 lg , 7 are u . of the other side , 6 are e and 2 are ... if all the people around me are like that , what i am i doing with them ? this does not hold with my values , do i benefit from this somehow ? i'm not going to engage in this behavior because i don't see ... let's return to lovecraft . it's said that his mythos was inspired by another work , which is common knowledge ... but what was that work commonly held to be inspired from ? ooo , now i know how old you really are ... i may have to step this up since you have had more time to acquire more knowledge than me . dangerous liasons was the movie ( starring glenn close , john ... thank you for your definition above . exactly what i was hoping for , a personal definition . you brought up the key differences for you ( objective versus subjective ) . dictionary does not divide them ... i was agreeing with you . i think he used false logic . why should we reward and praise false logic ? i was also adding that some of the things people attribute to him as positive qualitites were not ... i just can't get past his voice to listen ... well , boccob is gone in 4th ed , so if we stick to 4th , we don't have to worry about him . i lean towards intp as he promotes no special agenda . if he ... dungeons and dragons was the later version . dude , they're your emotions , not mine . i make a distinction ... but i would expect women to have a slightly different answer , so you just indirectly demonstrated that you're male . i don't want to go ... um . idk . i just saw a picture posted and had no idea who it was or why we were guessing that guy was an intj . maybe it's his song lyrics ? i suppose if we post boccob or ioun as suspected intjs , ... yip 1205 of course and always . i'll wait for the other definition , too . take your time . i tagged those above because of their earlier conversation , where they said that their definition of guilt ... yip 1205 never heard of them , or him . * reads wikipedia * um . * listens to 2 seconds of each clip before stopping * no . there is a reason i never heard of them . ok . so how is it that we know ... um ... agree with emberfly . se is present concrete data . i don't get how impressing people and buying expensive things has to do with data . that looks more like personal values to me , which ... who is that ? swede dabbling curious . please define guilt ? please also define shame ? learn how to read emotional microexpressions . that's about all you get from us ... there's material available , just practice . really . these help xnfp deal with intx people . passmethecookies had that spot on . that was indeed an appropriate time or opening statment to engage in intj-man-whomping . as long as your whomping techniques were up to date , you'd have your cave at ... what is sympathy for the devil - rolling stones ? jagger and other band members were adherents or followers of crowley's oto at one time . how do you know he was intj ? true and not true . if this kid is an intj , then it may be just that he's attacking false logic . if you or anyone presents a premise that is unfounded or apparently ... i snipped - but let me just take a moment to say how awesome this post is , and how much i agree with you . idk and idc about kingdom hearts , however - your point infps aren't all whiny ... we usually played up to at least 20th level in extended campaigns over months or years , so you really had to be careful in your design . we all learned how to create charcters with futures rather ... this ability was not his , it was trained / learned . it is claimed that a stage performer was hired to teach him facial expressions and gestures that would be visible and carry meaning from a distance , ... not sure what you mean ? i never played a dragon char ... in 2nd , 3rd , 3.5 , 4th eds ... or d20 - mods , or oa , or sw . there were many dragons in the worlds when we played in one dm's dragon world , ... i used it as an example of why i use the word spirituality over religion - as the quote in question was a demonstration of following a path with or without deeper personal meaning . and further , ... i wish it was that simple for any living thing . due to the differences between species , and between individuals in a species ( physiologically and behaviorally ) , i chose words used within neurobiology ... levels of response may vary , but the same hormones and signal transduction pathways are tapped . this response pathway is systemic and observed across various species of animals . physiologically , no ... moradin : istj - duty . loyalty . lawful = s . asmodeus : entj - the legions of demons . legions . bane : estj or entj gruumsh : esfj lolth : enfp dude . n all the way on the lady of the spiders . constant ... '