' how to deactivate a cat i'm too tired to get into statistics , but rewording the quote is a valid point that i generally agree with . how do you know this ? from my own exposure , this would be untrue . anyway , this has ... your first problem is labeling them the feminists . it's not a political party . it's a general movement that is not connected and does not have a center of power . no one speaks for feminism . it's ... feminism as a basic concept should not make you disgusted unless you disagree on that basic concept . if you don't , then whomever you are around that is poisoning your view of it is doing a ... you should do more research into what the feminist movement ( third wave feminism , that is ) is actually about . you have a number of stereotypes and miscommunications in that rant . didn't follow the link , but if he got that angry , he's way too attached to the label for you to actually convince him of anything else . how goes the study ? are you getting inundated with awkward flirting post suicidal rebellious makeover ? i should write this down in advance , obviously . next time i hex someone . is this a problem witches regularly run into ? you'd think they'd learn to be less specific . a hex on your primary ... a hex on your house ! edit : or apartment complex , i shouldn't assume . : kitteh : way to ruin it , delilah . i usually ask for emotional word vomit in email-form so i can skim it if it gets boring or redundant , and comment when necessary . also , i can take my time reading it while multitasking , and don't ... enfp doctors : ... do he got a booty ? he dooo is there a way to turn off the thanks notification thing ? it's driving my perfectionist self bonkers . doesn't matter if your excuse is a lie or not . the point is you feel the need to elaborate because you don't expect your first answer to be respected . you're waiting for them to lose interest and ... when i naively ventured onto a dating site , it was a rude introduction to the density of rapey perverts in my vicinity . lots of demands for toe sucking included . any dude that wants to find out a ... you might also want to rule out a biological cause . hypothyroidism causes memory issues , inability to think clearly , etc . test your hormones ; testosterone , androgen , estrogen , etc . also serious ... don't let him off the hook just because he's intj . i was like this with my mother ( isfj ) growing up . she finally told me it upset her further when i was too cold , so i asked what would be better . she ... way to miss the point , honey . in flux theories can still have merit . if it helps people legitimately understand more about themselves or others , it's worthwhile . just don't take it too seriously . doesn't mean some people won't ... a prairie home companion to kill a mockingbird winnie the pooh ( 2011 ) - this was a spiritual experience fantasia my neighbor totoro , spirited away finding nemo monty python and the holy grail ... nowhere did i say that . also i wasn't endorsing that opinion , just clarifying for you . you're taking the entire discussion to its literal extremes . well , the first part of that argument is that possession is a created concept , which is true . the second part is a moral argument for the right to life , and thus arguing the truth of the ... i am not much of a storyteller so i can't say where you should start . during tragic situations , i tend to have inappropriate responses . when everyone is crying near me , i get turned off from ... drunk types 1 : infp 2 : enfj 3 : intj 4 : isfp 5 : intp 6 : enfp consistency , honesty , reliable and predictable behavior , emotionally stable , open . fuck . my medication in the states : $ 700 / month . insurance denied . my medication in canada : $ 200 / month . american healthcare system , i hate you so . that must be uncomfortable . may i suggest a laxative ? take a solo walk as soon as you feel it bubbling up , and don't come back until it's back under control . this strategy seems to work for people i know . sometimes it's necessary to leave mid-sentence ... it's fine to believe that . but you decided to use her secret to push your beliefs , and that , my friend , wasn't helpful . uh , yeah . there's not anything . that's the point . there's also no pain or misery . thus , the contemplation . edit : obviously , my opinion is that there is no afterlife , and yours is that there is . but ... though the dampening would be for naught , as the rocking had already commenced . i debating shouting about entropy , but i don't want to rock the boat . tisss isn't that neat how the words started lining up all tidy like that ? i'm highly medicated . before i knew anything about anything , i did internet tests and got 8 . with that settled , i then switched over to mbti and quickly narrowed it down to intp or intj . learning cognitive functions ... i grew up in a non-religious family , extended family included , though we still celebrated religious holidays , but they were more for the benefit of tradition and family connection . my parents are ... when i was young , i used to be able to read a book ( or watch a movie or show ) and find it just perfect , magnificent . i don't seem to be able to do that anymore . there is now always something that's ... a time lord , obviously . i think this is more because he was a douche and not because he was entj . spray the hallway with a foul odor , and keep respraying until they stop checking to see if the smell is gone . and warn the other residents first . reverse the roles . if your partner felt the way you do now , would you want them to stay with you ? agreed . i also cut or bite my food into polygons a lot . seriously , just read the descriptions of the cognitive functions . a bunch of them from different sources . you'll get way better answers than asking people to evaluate a couple paragraphs . there ... i'm sorry ? i'm not projecting . though i do find it privileged to complain about such things . well we would have to completely restructure how humans evolve . in reality , we are emotionally tied to one another , and this is vital to reproducing and aging to maturity . if we were to remove ... so you are complaining that your mother interrupts you when you are concentrating on something else , and she buys you clothes and wants you to try them on ? my god , you poor child . you too . you ... '