' have you ever watched a television show , movie , or read a book , or play a video game that left you feeling hollow ? did it leave you with this feeling of being unfulfilled in your life ? where you ... if it pays decently well then i might have to start considering that , haha . at this point , i'm positive that i'm never going to get hired for a job ever . i just want to give up and accept my fate that i'm going to just live in my moms basement for the rest of my life doing ... i do actually have happy ever afters or forever alone endings but i don't really base it on whether my day was good or bad though . its kind of just a random thing . i will say though that i do kind of ... i conjure up different kinds of futures in my mind where i'm with by a love one ( best friends or girlfriend ) . usually i will pace around my room while doing this with my headphones in to kind of ... for anime , i would also recommend parasyte ( unless you're not into horror ) , full metal alchemist brotherhood , death note , and steins gate . all four are pretty good and will get you hooked . and no ... i just read through my old yearbook . particularly , a quote from one of my best friends at the time . it made me feel horrible . mainly because , this person still lives in the area and i've made no ... actually , teen titans is in my top ten of cartoons of all time . i'm still sad that it never got a proper ending . but i'll still always love it since it was the first superhero cartoon that i ever ... i recently started watching cartoons again thanks to star vs the forces of evil and i never realized how much i missed them . so i'm wondering , what was everyone's favorite cartoon ? i wouldn't mind ... i really hope that i don't end up single for the rest of my life . i just want to experience being in a committed serious relationship at least once while i'm alive . but it really is starting to look ... this has basically become my ultimate feel good song . i love just blasting this song while driving down the highway . also , my mom would also play these ... so earlier today , i walked into my local convenience just to get money from an atm machine . this store had two machines but for whatever reason , my card wouldn't go through the one machine so i had ... i was told by a friend that i give amazing hugs . which i was complimented by but also confused by . mainly because i never really practice hugging at all and i usually feel awkward whenever i embrace ... angry . angry at what has happened to my life . a few years ago , there wasn't much at all i that i could complain about . i had friends . true genuine friends that actually had my back and would do ... 584874 cristin milioti . had a crush on her since finishing how i met your mother and crushing on her even more after watching her segment on conan . i was wondering if anyone here has ever reconnected with a once close friend that you haven't spoken with or seen in years . if so , how did it go ? did you manage to rekindle the relationship once ... i really want my hobby of reading comics to last . i remember a year ago getting so burned out on anime that i tried to find other interests to fill that hole . i tried video games , cartoons , ... yup , i daydream about being rescued by the woman right for me all the time . but realistically , i've accepted that this is most likely never going to happen . also , the way i am now , i feel like i ... really ? that's interesting to have a kind of court show in your neck of the woods . a part of me does wonder what it would be like to attend a taping of maury ( or any kind of dna test show ) and to ... ever since graduating high school and being home during the day , shows like maury and steve wilkos have become my guilty pleasure . like , they offer nothing of no value at all but some reason , i just ... i care about other people's opinions way too much . even when its something so trivial . really wish i could go through life just not caring about what others say or think . never have i ever had a garage / yard sale . well , it is a good to hear that you're trying to stay away from their negative tendencies . and i can relate to not having a close relationship with extended family . another thing you could do is ... actually , these kind of situations do interest me a lot . i like brain storming different ideas when it comes to conflict and thinking of possible solutions or alternatives . i mean , have you told your ... i've been watching this show called ' in treatment ' and it so badly makes me want to pursue a career of being a therapist . but i feel like i would be horrible at it . i mean , i love hearing peoples ... lonely . started feeling this way after i went to my local comic shop . the owner was telling me about her labor day weekend and how she , her husband , and friends watched movies and barbecued . made me ... i only use the mild swear words like ' crap ' or ' damn ' . and even then , it wasn't until my late teenage years when i used those words . stuff like ' fuck ' or ' shit ' when i'm really pissed off towards ... i miss having a crush on somebody . a serious crush . not a oh , they are pretty cute and such . like a crush where when i think about the person , i can't help but smile with joy because of how amazing ... so , i applied to start volunteering at my local hospital and went to their orientation about a week ago ( last wednesday to be exact ) . i took their tuberculosis test ( which i passed ) , turned in my ... 576594 can't say if its just an infp thing or an introvert thing but yes . i have the same situation where while i'm thinking or planning something , i create this alternate personality in my head to respond ... welp , now i'm uncomfortable with making anymore of my own threads again . probably just going to stick to posting stuff on this vent thread . i'm probably being overly sensitive but i really don't want ... i wasn't looking to feel special or anything . i was just curious to see if there were any sort of traits that appear in infps that doesn't appear in other types that i could work on . trust me , i take ... what are our best qualities that don't appear in other personality types ? i want to know what infps can offer the world since i'm going to be start volunteering in september . i know that regardless ... i really hope that you are right . most of my friends from that time have moved on and found relationships ( one even got married ) . at times it feels like something is horribly wrong with me since i'm ... um , you're welcome . xd sorry , its just that i've been a heavy set and hefty fellow for a majority of my life . i've always prefer wearing layers of clothes and never have i gotten tired of them . i ... i want summer to be over already ! mainly because i feel insanely unattractive during this time of the year . i hate wearing nothing but shorts and a graphic t-shirt . i want to go back to wearing ... reverence one part of you dreams of giving yourself up – perhaps just for a while – to a hero or mentor . in the right circumstances you can flourish by letting go of your ego . in your inner life , ... truthfully , i do find a sort of peace of believing that there is a higher power out there . but i haven't found any sort of religion to follow nor have i really been looking for one . so i don't really ... i hate how this world promotes the ideal that being in a committed relationship with somebody or having lots of money is the only way of finding happiness . even though its been shown time and time ... i'm grateful for my parents for being patience with me and providing a roof over my head even after the age of eighteen . i feel like i take it for granted when they could have thrown me out any time ... like many others , i found out during my first year of college . i was also told that it was rare to be an infp so that kind of had me in ' special snowflake ' kind of mood after finding out , haha . which ... well , these people were also around my age and we all attended a youth group together and went to the same high school . the thing that made me feel the happiest while attending was that these people ... first off , by no means do i hope to offend anyone with this point . truthfully , i don't even want to ask this but i feel like its just something i have to since its been on my mind for awhile . i have ... is anyone else planning on buying or is excited about pokemon sun and moon ? another trailer for the game came out today and i want it to be november already ! hoping more people will give it a chance ... yeah . a few times during middle school and high school . specially the games where i got hit were dodgeball and basketball . though i attribute it to being not very athletic . never really suffered any ... i've been thinking about this a lot lately . ever since reading descriptions of the positive traits of infps . i always see how they can be the cause of positive change in society and accomplish ... '