' okay ... i think he might be an intp . are you familiar with intps at all ? - deleted - figured it out ! i can't focus or concentrate on anything right now because of a complicated relationship with a friend . until i can reach a definitive conclusion about our compatibility as more than close friends , ... this takes me back to when i was younger listening to these guys . i love it : laughing : this is hilarious : laughing : if i was less self conscious i would totally have these types of situations . instead i end up saying weird things in my head and hoping they don't come out in public . at first , i was about to ask why infps out of all the types would be thought of as judgemental , when i feel like i stand up for people who others write off as someone not worth their time or less ... i may have a bit of social anxiety , but when i get into a small group of 3 or 4 , that's when things start to get interesting : laughing : i think crazy could be explained as more of a comfortable ... i can relate to the difficulty expressing my feelings . i can't count the number of times i try to open up to someone , only to run in circles and confuse both of us ... especially when it's something ... i've been thinking about this too , and this article i found seems to explain the general mood change pretty well in simple terms . effects of weather on human emotions i don't have depression , but ... i'm sorry you have to move , i'd be heartbroken too ... i am super sentimental , especially about objects from vacations or emotional events . i have a box full of old letters from people , movie ... that makes more sense , i can get easily distracted by things in stores that are pretty or interesting . i guess the connotation with materialism is that it's focused on image and status . for me , i ... i can understand about wanting to hibernate , i will get these urges to go out and do things ... and if i do those things it's usually very exciting , but when it's all over i just want to curl up in my ... this all makes a lot of sense ... i think i've decided i'm isfp now :) i'm convinced . the last part about the rut thing is so true for me , i hold on to a lot of things i shouldn't . and i can see ... i really relate to this actually . when it is some nice event , i can get alittle frantic about making sure i know what sort of thing to wear . i like to dress for the occasion , and if everyone else is ... that's interesting , i also hear a lot about isfp and fashion / materialism . how are you on the materialism scale ? do you put a lot of value in things ? i'm sort of the opposite , i like going to ... that makes a lot of sense , and that's kind of what i was getting at with the post ( i tend to get sidetracked while writing posts so it might not have been clear to other people ) . it seems that ... ways yeah i realized after writing it that it probably isn't even related to types . all of what you said made sense to me :) and i completely agree about disagreements , i wasn't ... i agree , there are a lot of stereotypes in mbti ... how should i go about confirming my type then ? i feel like if i look at myself a certain way i fit into isfp and now that you mentioned me being e i ... i've read that before , and that makes sense about the anxiety . i get anxious about a couple things ... future-wise i get anxious about making certain goals or expectations , like gpa to keep a ... i liked the insight , i have a hard time deciphering my actions and linking them to functions for some reason . the thing that had me originally thinking i was fe was when it talked about taking care ... honestly when i first looked over the cognitive functions i thought i was ne and si , and i think i could possibly be a more introverted enfp / entp . do i really sound extroverted to you ? it's just ... it's actually ink in water ! if you look it up on google you'll see a whole bunch of them why wouldn't it ? maybe the specific situation doesn't , but the difference of expressing your values is . what i'm saying is that i have strong values , but i don't tell others what to do based on them ... i'm in a situation right now where i'm still uncertain of my type , but i'm almost positive that either i or a close female friend ( i'll call her sarah ) of mine is isfp . she loves art and crafts , ... i found this , and it would actually make sense if we are 9 and 4 ! hmm , i'm a four . i tested 4 awhile ago and just retook the test and got either 4,2 , or 6 . i'm not sure why 2 or 6 , because they both lash out at others under stress . so i think i'm 4 . under stress i ... thanks ! it did help a lot . so you're pretty certain you're an isfp now ? i've been wandering around the forums for awhile , switched from isfj to intp to infp to isfp , but now when i take the cognitive functions test i always turn up infp / enfp / infj . just wondering if ... hey at least it's a story you get to tell now ! i recently had an incident on an atv in pheonix . my dad and i were riding up a hill and the ground started giving out , which was bad because to our ... electronica :p roud :  hope this helps ! 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful ... sounds like an interesting conversation to me :) i tend to veer off too sometimes . that makes sense about the small talk , and if you think about it , it was still an intellectual conversation of a ... oh yeah , that's definately the way i'd put it for me . i can mask it pretty well , especially since i can usually understand if they weren't trying to insult me . but inside , a part of me feels hurt , ... i'm the same way around children , i think it comes from enjoying the child-like side of me . i feel like most people put that side away when they get older because they feel like they're too mature ... i'm surprised to find someone else with the same experience ! it gets frustrating after awhile because it feels like the more you learn about everything , the more blurry the lines get . yeah ti and fi ... this last point is _very_ intpish . that describes my wife to a t . my eyes , on the other hand , are constantly scanning , and my senses all hear , feel , smell , etc . everything . just a couple notes , and i ... sophi thank you ! that all sounds spot on for me . i'm just hesitant about changing my type , because there was so much about the intp that i felt like i fit . a couple examples : for here is the ... i know this might sound strange , an intp wondering if they are isfp ... but i am really struggling to find a type that i fit in to , and i was hoping maybe some isfps could give some insight :) the ... i agree with the other posters , and although i don't have either of those myself , i know people who have them . i even know someone with ptsd who delves into depression periodically . the one thing ... i couldn't find anywhere that specifically stated this , but i've seen multiple posts where the poster deleted or removed their image . is it possible to do it after a 24 hr period of time ? what's funny is although i generally don't enjoy going to parties or any social gathering , i still feel hurt sometimes when i'm not invited somewhere ... and i start to question why they wouldn't think ... thank you for being considerate , i understand where you're coming from . it is interesting , i am often intrigued by discoveries and theories people have . i like to entertain myself with the ... orchidion i can see where religion and logic don't quite meet and i attempted to make sense of it , but i feel like trying any more will ultimately be futile . i ultimately don't think it's possible ... i guess some of it would be stereotypical but it's what makes sense to me . it is a tricky issue though ... i haven't ever gotten into apologetics much but i'll try to explain it from the stance that ... are you talking about the existance of evil ? i couldn't find theodizee in english anywhere online , but i found theodicy which i think is what you're talking about . i think that the existance of ... i wasn't sure whether to post here or not , but for the sake of other's curiosity i will . i'm a christian not in the sense of fulfilling religious duties , but the fact that i believe in a creator ... lord of the flies ! ! : shocked : i like him too ! ! even being an intp , i feel like i understand a lot of his personality . i've been thinking recently about his type , and i found a few places that labeled him infp . i do think infj ... have you read isfp descriptions ? they tend to be pretty artsy but can have a pretty wide range of interests . and they can also have that thrill seeking tendency . she may be extroverted , but a lot of ... i think the main question is whether or not your first instinct is to use ti or ni , since istps tend to use ti more and estps use ni . i'm not sure how to describe the difference but i'm pretty sure i ... '