' most recently , i had a picnic and examined the small plants on the ground closely . they were pretty . and i was like blah i don't want to do anything but the plants are nice . and after about ... i tend to do this too . the way i've found to help is the realization that the future does not exist yet . it just doesn't . the concept of the future exists , but concepts are generally off - just ... heck yes . lately i've been finishing them though as they tend to be art projects these days ... i love using te , and then i love the fact that i love using te ! the joy of being infp : we get a natural high off of optimization ! seriously . life would suck if i had to optimize things but ... for me , fi and ne are sooo so so so blended . let me figure out how to explain this ... okay . so listening to a song - go do by jonsi - brought up the image of a burbley fountain in the ... i needed that reality check , ha ... thanks . j , i think - putting people into drawers , or boxes , violates some of my deeply deeply deeply held infp values . ironic , because one of my best friends is an infj . it used to be s - and then i ... i started out as comp sci , realized that i did not want to be doing that forever . so i switched to english , with a literature concentration ... i liked that just fine , and i still do love literature . ... i liked that big long list a whole freaking lot . here are mine , bolded and capitalized according to hierarchy ( more important ones are bolded , super important ones are bolded and capitalized , ... starfish fishing , anyone ? a girl sitting in a crescent moon , fishing for starfish ... i don't think i like the idea of totems per se ... but i know that i deeply connect with elephants and ... he's awful ! i had to read articles about him for a seminar called christian and the arts ... dear heavens . twenty idealistic college students offended to the core by his ridiculousness . he says he ... love that song ... tallest man on earth is one of my favorites . we have always known that we could do anything also the quality of the music is ... 1 . are any of you as disgusted by most reality tv shows as i am ? yes . although , for me , it shows up in the fact that i hate hate haaate thomas kinkaide ( the painter of light guy with the ... an infp friend and i - i'm the one with the sweatervest . you can totally tell we're ... ... that sounds vaguely sketchy ... but yes . apparently , my favorite thing to do ever is to have more things to do than i have time to do them in , and then try to fit them together like a puzzle , ... kids , for positive . and i have a beautiful acoustic cover of time to pretend ... even my infp friend calls me crazy , ha - - i've discovered that my intuition , if i let it run away with me , will indeed drive me crazy . i think the way i'm operating at the moment - letting my ... i have one close-ish isfp friend - we get along great when we take the energy to try ( there's vast amounts of awkward that have to be ignored , heh ) . share a lot of the same values , artistic ... one of my closest friends is an intj - he totally has a squishy center , and it doesn't really take that much to get to it . you can see it kind of a lot . ( his roommate especially - he would do ... a couple variations on my simple poem earlier . the world is large . beautiful too . in waves of yellows , greens , and blues dots of violet light up the sky more than i seem - my soul's outcry ... has anyone else noticed that when ti goes wrong , it goes way wrong and ends badly ? that happens to me a lot . fi and ne and ni have their work cut out for them keeping it in line . the world is large . beautiful too . layers behind . layers all through . more than i seem . and so are you . indigo green . purple and blue . this poem is possibly the most intense thing i've ever written . after all , rome wasn't built in a day : a meditation on self-discovery conniption commotion contrivance convenience worries ... ha . hi , shadow self . i'm you sometimes . but i haven't been you in a long time . helpmate comes from a very bad translation of genesis 3 . the real term is ezer kenegdo ; ezer means help , and is ... oh hiii there , self . i thought that was my brain . sometimes ti gets things way wrong . but fi usually catches things . i use ti pretty naturally , though , i don't always realize i'm doing ... i agree with every word here ( except for the part where i used to test as intj rather than intp ... my te is mostly gone for good these days tho ) . good to know it's not just me . my cognitive processes are always fi ne ni ti ... does anyone else have a relatively high ti ? i like mine . it gives me the bit of rationality i need to realize i'm being ridiculous and gives me an ... aaaah . see , when i try to do that kind of thing - he was talking about wasting time , and i was like oh yes . i do that ! i'm trying to be more intentional about how i use my time ! - he ... your external intuition needs other people in order to do its job . many of my most profound realizations come as i talk to my good good infp friend . i think it's because you have to get your ... i'm realizing more and more that i have really random values that i find really important . the biggest three right now are self-discovery , completeness ( as in being your own person , without needing ... ohhh you sound exactly like my intp best friend who i know he would understand more things if he would just talk about it but he doesn't want to because he doesn't understand ! it's such a struggle ... the saying-stuff-out-loud-to-understand-it thing blew my mind when i realized it ... lol the chameleon thing = picking up people's patterns of speech / mannerisms while you're talking to them . so my infp friend and i have been talking more-or-less nonstop since she got back from lithuania a week ago . we've had some profound realizations about ourselves that i thought i would share ... i really identify with the groups thing , i had one group in high school and that relationship was really empty . eventually i got close with some friends from work , and those are really really ... hmmm , nobody seems to be responding . ( and i feel like i posted this thread months ago ... time is currently being really really strange for me . ) we've decided that the wall is a wall of ... i do that as an infp as well . only recently realized it . i grew up as an np child of sj parents ; i tested as intj a lot when i was still living with them , because i had to try to be organized a lot . i'm still so bad at se and si and fe , so i was never ... i tend to find that the functions i understand the best are the finesite ones for the infp , even though according to the test i use ni , ti , and fe more than i use si or te . does that resonate ... i would say xnfp , definitely - the having a hard time finishing things is something i struggle with as an infp . do you find yourself forcing yourself to be intentional about the things you do , ... note that i tested as intj until i got to college , where i realized that i was , in fact , an infp . sometimes these things don't become really clear until you have a little bit of time and space to ... i know one particular esfj who has a really strong wall up . it's so concrete - you exchange hellos and then you hit it . my other nf friends have noticed it as well , and we don't understand it at ... i find interior design appealing myself , as an infp - the idea of creating a space that is both beautiful and reflects myself ... mmm . i would say , go for it . but those are the words of a 19 year ... sounds like esfj to me . definitely fe ... and the remembering sounds like si , which is esfj's secondary function . my esfp friends are a lot more all over the place in general than my esfj friends . i agree with these ones . also : your highest goal in life should be to understand yourself . if you cannot understand yourself , how can you hope to understand others ? a bit more handwriting : i will add more in a bit - facebook is pretty unreliable , lol ... i hereby revive this thread , because i like creeping on people's handwritings . and the sp's were showing off theirs , and it made me jealous . ... hi ! welcome ! i love my enfp friends - they're fantastic . oooo , i want to know the answer to this too . i've mostly noticed the present moment vs . big picture difference between myself and my isfp friend ... he gets crisisy about small non-big-picture ... i was like what the crap ? nothing like mgmt ! and then those synths kicked in . good sounds . + 1 a few i missed last time : vetiver greg laswell anni rossi the seedy seeds my infp self asks , is it working ? do i understand myself better ? good words . ( also i like the term existential crisis . ) i'll talk to my infj friend about a lot of things , but then i'll ... '