' i like the summery feeling . i always want to learn a bit more about an artist for curiosity sakes . i don't need to know every grueling details about their life so i'll read interviews about the process of creating a project ... tough choice but i narrowed down to liberal , environmentalist and academic . people mistake introverts for being selfish.the more introverted you are , the more selfish you would appear to an onlooker . people have called me selfish but i'm use to misrepresentations . people ... i'm clueless until they tell me that they do . so-called signs and hints of a crush flies over my head . understanding art isn't a requirement for me . i'm more concerned over the feelings it evokes . whenever i don't get something it stems from the failure of not evoking emotions and / or resonating . ... according to my lastfm profile's ' paste your taste ' selection based on my latest scrobbles : i'm into experimental , ambient , electronic , post-punk and indie , including : martin dupont , the ... this is why i like to ' warn ' people beforehand but usually they think i'm imagining things or exaggerating whenever i tell them . some are uncomfortable or just don't know how to handle intensity . i prefer to describe myself as a nonchalant atheist . it isn't a core part of my identity . i try to be more understanding towards people with religious and spiritual beliefs . i don't really care for ... it does make sense . for me it's a contradiction because i lived a lot , experienced a lot in life yet inexperienced with dealing with the ' real ' world or just the outside world . i don't usually go for ultra dramatic things and wished that i did sometimes yet turned off easily by boredom and the mundane and don't follow trends based on the fact that it's trendy . if i like a ... i sometimes feel like people my age are light years ahead of me . i haven't dealt with many ' adult ' obligations in life . i don't feel like a child . it's more like child-like . i still retained many of ... being a bit more confident one is able to perhaps more accurately assess their failures than the under confident . the under confident makes us more self-critical which isn't necessarily a bad thing ... i never allow my fingernails to grow long anymore and always kept toenails short and trimmed . i'm scared of ... never maintaining meaningful relationships not having my life figured out and i'd continue to drift aimlessly i don't feel pressured . people tend to underestimate or over estimate because i'm not boisterous or talkative and more on the quiet and contemplative side . they're either thinking that perhaps i know ... i just have to remember that it's a feeling and not necessarily true . my tumblr is mostly based around fashion photography but includes quotes , works from non-fashion photographers , artists , writers , poets , and music . this argument is similar to the saying that everyone is racist which i also disagree with . sure everyone has personal preferences , opinions , values and even biases but won't label just anyone who ... i prefer to use the word resilience over strength . for me strong conjures up the description of physical abilities . i feel like this is a stereotypical view society expects strong women to be ... i'm sort of surprised to see older virgins ( yet not really surprised ) . i always assumed that i was an older virgin and a late bloomer when i lost my virginity at 18 . no , i use to believe that online and offline friends were the same and not anymore : tunes up sadly playing violin : i don't want to live life at a distance and it's a lonely place to be . online people ... i have a vague idea of someone . i don't particularly have a list of specific physical characteristics . personality wise i have the list of stereotypical things i'm looking for : loving , caring , ... i don't think my single life is all that much different from when i was in a relationship or whatever that was . i go through stages of loneliness and this isn't from being single and most likely ... parents and older adults ( especially one who knew you since you were a child ) will always treat you like one . it's either / or in my case . online people tend to think that i'm much older , and probably ... i scored 112.5 % . how is that possible ? jeff is the best cover . he didn't attempt to copy cohen . he personalized the song and made it his own . this is a true test for artists . when someone does a cover the last thing i want to hear is a ... i still have an active profile and my personality results includes more sex-driven and more kinky . i don't think i'm more sex driven or kinkier than anyone . i probably scored less romantic ... the art work is by cuban artist wifredo lam . i was immediately drawn to the disjointed figures and like how the figures all seem to be protruding from one entity . it's mysterious , maternal and not ... i have quite a lot . i just have to narrow down my list of teary eye songs .  ... no and i think it's inhumane . society is much more complex than weeding out perceived undesirables by selective breeding . it's reactionary and a simplistic view of people , life , society , etc i think it's normal . right now i have a person in mind who i never really thought of as a romantic prospect until a couple of days ago . well i finally had some time to think . i often feel the same and whenever i do i have to remind myself that humans aren't inherently terrible and many are the product of their environment , an ... sometimes i'm typed as type 5w4 but type 4w5 is the most accurate since i have the tendency to dwell on negative emotions and don't try to escape them . - attempt be more social - less self loathing - write more - focus on improving overall health and well-being - i also cosign on the get laid thing no i don't . people might end for whatever reasons , and most likely as a result of man-made self destruction if we continue to be on the path we're on . the world will be fine without us . a post rock thread . i heard mono was post-metal or something . i heard post rock was dead though . i don't listen to an awful amount of post rock besides godspeed you ! black emperor and a sliver mt ... it's a tempting idea for the lonely and bored . i'm on the fence and maybe it's because i'm a newbie then again i never really felt a part of a community online . i joined things but never really ... some people i like and i'm not sure if they're infps or not . maya deren , wifredo lam and sun ra . i'm not good at this typing thing . they're probably type 4s for all i know . sun ra is probably the ... luckily for me my entire family is crazy and i'm the sane one . i wasn't pressured to change or become more extroverted . my mother is introverted so i think she was understanding and accepting with ... i feel like it's easy for us to romanticize death once it becomes fantasy . i'm in an unhealthy stage in my life right now and have to accept that life is really about uncertainty that awaits . nothing is really written in stone except for when we die and i have to put myself ... life is such a repeat and i'm drained by everything . i end up doing the same things as before and usually i'm aware of this . i'm starting to distrust people even more . i feel like i have to ... i don't need a test to tell me anything . i already know that i am : laughing : . sometimes i overreact or take things personally than again some people are totally unfeeling , detached and cold and not as ... i scored a 26 . i prefer to say that i'm a melodramatic queen . it slowly builds and others can't tell when things are about to go awry until it really does . i rarely show my emotions and many assume that i must be ... i'm probably too far to the left to be called a liberal . i'll probably scare other liberals . just kidding ... i hope . lately i don't really label my political views but for a while i self-described as ... my most played song for the year . it's still and will always be good . i'm not a hipster or a hippie . i'm me and as cheesy and predictable it sounds . i remember when a former friend called me a hipster then an elitist which was just oxymoronic . i knew it was inaccurate ... '