' im either distant or intimidating too perfect . but i have only been dumped once in which they told me im very intimidating and hard to keep up with but really they were just insecure . i never ... soul eater ! this perfectly describes me . i am enneagram type 1 by the way ! thanks for such an accurate description . i dont hate the government at all . they give me my free healthcare and schooling . i apologize if my humor made you assume negativity on my part . but it is a lie that they make everything illegal for ... i tell you i like you immediately . i don't like to waste time wondering what you think about me i wanna know . so i go up to you the next time i see you and either ask you out or simply tell you i'm ... estj . he has a good heart that keeps me from going to the dark side lol . he is also my trusted business partner . my only friend i have ever had and will ever have . we both take loyalty to the extreme ... 8503085031 hahahahaaahahaa :) you're funny ! 1 . fight club 2 . v for vendetta 3 . moulin rouge ( nicole kidman ) 4 . zerophilia 5 . perks of being a wallflower . i've been feeling exactly like this for over a year now . i still hang out with people but now i just play games with peoples relationships and lives . they don't even notice . i am no longer ... high school was a blast ! i was an honor student every other year just because i could . i was well known at school for a number of reasons . i sold drugs , i played soccer , i was in the marching band . i ... i want a soulmate ! would love to get to know you and welcome david ! ! ! have a great day too ! :) 83051 my first boyfriend 83052 me when i was little ! 83053 my little sister is my everything ! we are adults now and she will still lay on my like that :) 83054 my first school picture . i have ... i'll be your friend but i cannot save you from you . but i will gladly talk to you and listen . i feel alone a lot as well . i know that i am not really alone . but i am aware i am different and i am ... i don't cry as much as my other infj friends . they seem to let people know what they feel more . like i will feel the same way but will not show it . let's just say i need a little destruction to balance out the positive things i do . i am all about balance . i have a very create and destroy way about me . most people never see or notice it . it ... 40 % the method actor 40 % the cobra 10 % the academic 10 % gypsy king i act like all four daily . just a different percentage of my time is used for each . yea i know not all infp's are like this . i was just wondering how to deal with an immature one . i was thinking maybe i just wasn't saying the right thing to them . thanks alot for taking the time to ... thank you for responding . i have tried the a + b = c method without any emotion but they just don't get it . also what i was after was results . the person i was dealing with does not pay their rent . i ... never been dumped . also if someone wanted to leave me i would know and end it with them first . i just act like me . i never criticize and always focus on the good . and i openly flirt and decide which flirting style they respond most too . then play cool and then boom ! ! ! @ # ! @ $ surprise attack ! ... i have a fear of falling . i am scared because i have trust issues . also i have a fear of being stupid . mainly because my father drilled it in my head to not be stupid . i'll be your friend ! ! ! :) for real ! ! bruce lee or freddie mercury . just have a lot of why questions for them . whenever i heard them speak in interviews i would always feel something of importance . doing good is just apart of who i am . for a long time i didn't get appreciation for what i did . most people just didn't know i was doing it . i don't need appreciation to validate me doing good . now i ... fall . spring is my second . i just love the way it feels and all the changes . i like to travel during this time . i love to fight . as long as its for the right reasons . i love to defend people . i fought when i was younger and beat up some bullies . now that i'm older i don't get to do a lot of fighting with my ... depends on the lie . little stuff doesn't bother me but lying about the relationship i have with you can really grind my gears . writing has really helped me to contain all the thoughts and feelings i have racing in my head all the time . but on the acceptance of myself . i know that i am very accepting of myself and that i very ... i use to get so upset with other people that for awhile i lost all my morals and lived in the moment . this was fun cuz i was able to turn my feelings off but when it came back i felt horrible and ... i dated an esfp for a couple of years and now we have an open long distance thing goin on . the biggest challenge is communication . we both get caught up in our careers and with whats in front of ... yes i believe 100 % because i allow myself too . now i do not follow any set religion . but i like the ideas of no judging and helping one another . god doesn't want us to be happy he wants us to be ... patience , meditation , exercise and acceptance . that's what i did . i started practicing them daily . right here , while some where else 80305 love to run ! ! ! i adapt . but i notice i'm quiet when people are enjoying themselves . but i become talkative if the conversation is going nowhere . you're around immature types it sounds like . actually i shouldn't assume that observation . but i'm an infj and i am very forgiving to the point that people are amazed at how i can forgive . i know ... responsiveness thank you so much for typing this . it was very nice to read . i have similar thoughts as well . i process the same way it seems . never thought i would be typing that lol . well hope you have a great ... i like to read non fiction and life hacker stuff . i love to learn while i read . so i would recommend forbes magazine and national geographic . i also love the onion book of known knowledge . debussy as well and i'm a bear :) right ! ! ! it kills me how people don't realize everything we do is a choice and if you want something to work you just have to try . but most people just like to think they're trying . hope you have a ... i'm a business owner but i also have another job where i work in a cafe ' . i do sales and marketing as well as prepping . it's an amazing job . it's just like high school i see the same 500 people ... the way we're able to understand each other . we tend to be smart which i find attractive and we can be a total mystery . :) i get an awesome playlist going . daily motivation on the berry . working out and sex work almost instantly . i would try to understand you ! i don't get why anyone would want to be an infj . or why some people think the type is glorified . if you read half the infj threads you can see it's not easy . it does feel like a curse a lot of the ... business / marketing and molding people . i try and want to use my business to help give people a chance to be something more . we both explain more to each other . instead of just saying what we think , we also explain why and how we feel about it . the great thing is now it really gives us a chance to understand easier without ... '