' as an appropriate addition to the post , i'd like to add that i cried yesterday in front of my boss while we were having a one-on-one meeting in which she spewed hot air about how great i was whilst ... healthy : play video games , walk in nature , use cbd for anxiety , hang out with good friends , journal about the issue , create a plan to improve the situation , light candles and relax unhealthy : ... i don't cry often , but if i do feel like i'm getting choked up when others are around , i'll do anything to hide it . i think it's stupid and unnecessarily and somehow shows my weakness . i know that's ... anger has always been an emotion that manifests strangely in me , and i'm not sure why . it takes a very , very potent situation for me to get angry , but i , like splint 3r , can count on one hand the ... hahah ... that's only because i was sitting on my couch ! i counsel online , where people who'd prefer the ease of texting come for help . it's called crisis text line . text 741741 ... free help in crisis ... i will have to say a tie between entps , and intps . i'm an enfj , and i've alwaaaysss been attracted to intps . i love their depth and their inner dialogue , when they share it , it seems to go on ... haha , yep . that ’ s me . ( was i that terribly bad in that video . i'm so sick right now . lol ) and thanks - - good luck to you , too ! counseling is great . i'm a volunteer ( unlicensed ) counselor , and it's ... , as convoluted as that sounds , that's pretty much how i feel . i have been leaning towards a certain long-term goal recently , and it's been gaining weight as the weeks go on , so i'm hoping i ... holy hell . i feel like everything i said was so awkward and didn't make sense . haha . my sentence structure and thought process in this is terrifying . i'm so sorry . i was actually pretty sick for ... it ’ s not that i ’ m not aware that i should make a goal , it ’ s just that none seem motivating or worth dedicating a large amount of my time to . saying it out loud feels horrible , i ’ ll admit . what , ... i had to get a new account . my old one blocked me . i added you . - steph if i don't have an overarching reason , or cause , or goal to keep me motivated and working towards something , i find myself living in a dark place very quickly . even if the bad times fluctuate and are ... yep . i'd do a short video . i'm pretty sure my skype name is the same as my pc name . the title to this thread was so attractive to me ... haha . i'm one of those people who list out my values and my personal mission statements and such . personal development nerd , right here ! also , ... does any other enfj feel the need for constant verbal affirmation in intimate relationships ? i'm having a slight issue . i've always been quite the independent and confident woman , but after a ... omg , please . you're killing me . the hot jesus look is just to die for ... ( no pun , no pun ... ) 3977303977 38 you know that whole quote about fears actually being paper thin , and that one step would push you clear through and passed them ? it's true . oh . my . god . excuse me . excuse me while i ... i'm just gonna - - is this ? the bathroom , right . i'm just ... i'll ... be right back ... : hugs : thank you . um , well , maybe infjs ? :) or , i should phrase that differently . i find myself being drawn in by your sweet intj songs . :) i've been on such a dance music kick ... for like ... three months now . i'm just feeling lost , un-tethered and vulnerable , like i've been thrown into outer space . i knew all along it was going to require me to figure out how to use my space suit . but for now , i'm ... oh , you flatter me , darling . deleted because i got hyper self-conscious about my anima . :) i'm also ... cursed ? ... blessed ? ... with the cute vibe . i used to be frustrated by it . i wanted my look to be hot instead of aw , look how adorable , but now i don't mind it as much . it's also kind ... i've always want to go to a convention as snake from metal gear , in a cardboard box . with a cig . for me , that purgatory - - that limbo - - was far worse than hell . the worst part about it was that it was usually disguised as comfort . as of less than 24 hours ago , i'm now going through the ... i absolutely cannot believe this . scott dinsmore ( www.liveyourlegend.net ) , one of my role models , died a few days ago . he was doing what he loved , climbing mt . kilimanjaro and was hit and killed by ... she was young and insightful . it's okay if two people grow together , so long as they don't grow into each other , intertwined . a bamboo tree sits in the living room , on an end table ; i am free . i'm breaking down . i'm giving in . i'm dying so that i can live again . i can barely contain all this pain and fear . ah , certainly what quoted about the elves . my two cents : in any creative endeavor , especially with the written word , the blood on the page makes it real . if you want to connect with ... what's that ? you would like more ? of course . here are two more of the dynamic destiel duo . ... jensen ackles : like , i can't fucking even ... misha collins : i'm actually tearing up . ... - how do you feel about this topic as a whole ? it's interesting . for the most part , i've always found confidence and modesty very attractive . if someone has a bit of a ... power streak , it's not a ... all of my friends are talking to me and making me realize what i need to do . this thing is the thing that i knew i needed to do even before they talked to me . if anyone has liquid courage , ... i'd like to know - - what was the hardest thing you've gone through in your life ? was it a family event ? a breakup ? a decision that needed to be made ? to love ? to be vulnerable ? to speak ... i like being able to pretend i'm someone else and then find myself as someone else . it's like you're pretending , you're pretending , and then all of a sudden ... you've transformed . that being said , ... this is an infj forum . this thread should be in the hundreds by now . ;) welcome back . :) i echo the anchor . what revelations bring you back to us ? what you are - dmb don't you know when you live life then you become what you are so damn appropriate . yeah , i stumbled upon blogs here one day and was surprised myself . so , yep ! blogged it like the hip woman i am . thank you ! i actually made a blog post to answer your question so i didn't completely derail the thread with my ramblings . :) hopefully within the next six months i'll be able to start the upper ... golden scales ! that is ! i have a window overlooking the front yard . i literally work in a historic mansion that used to be part of what's called the twombly estate . it's a beautiful , beautiful ... nomadleviathan - - they give the admin's real cups . 392258 kidding ... i bring in my own ... this is probably going to sound like the cheesiest thing in the world ( i'm so good at being cheesy , and honest ) , but it's like you can see the worlds behind their eyes . it's the vibe of multitudes , ... has any infj been in a relationship with a sensor that can share difficulties connecting with that type , especially when it comes to deep , intimate and revealing conversations ? absolutely beautiful ! and i know this is so not ' mbti'-legit , sensing type from facial features , but i just see some people and i'm like ... yep , infj . you have that vibe . :) when an existential question can tap your glass like a hammer and then pssshhh ! i can't think about this right now ! i need my sanity to work ! '