' i have a hot body and face , great hair , an unusually high iq , a good sense of humour and decent social prowess when i feel like it . i made more money as a severely disabled 21 year old girl working ... rick and morty anyone ? if christians actually read their own holy book they would hate divorce much more than they claim to hate gay sex . if atheists cared half as much about helping the poor and loving people as they ... okay , i'm confused . i don't think anybody remotely accused you of being a whore . you said that you practiced being straight , which kind of implies that you had sex with men at the very least . so ... do you feel like you were born gay , or do you think there was something that contributed to the initial feeling of being gay , like sexual abuse ? did you have any positive sexual experiences with men ... am i the only person who gets pissed off when john oliver insults america ? i know it's a comedy show and he lives in the us now , but he's not an american and yet feels the right to become a ... ... pass . umm , not really , no . just saying , if i could give up some of my logic in order to be better with people i would . i may be socially competent but i imagine i could be better if i were a feeler . no . sjs are surgeons and most doctors and nurses are probably feelers . keep the n and become a feeler , definitely . i'd rather be good with people than coldly logical all the time . the game often refers to the many techniques practiced and preached by pick-up artists in order to have sex with and / or date women more efficiently . when taken too seriously it becomes sociopathic ... give him an ultimatum . entps respond surprisingly well to realistic threats , unless they're really immature . say , if you're late to ___ meeting or don't have your work prepared i will fire you and ... sometimes . yes and no . it has to be a balance between how bored i am and how potentially dangerous the thrill is . if i'm not bored i won't take many risks , even small ones ( for instance , i never get ... not in the us . of course it's the best source for clinical diagnoses . it's the only major source for clinical diagnoses . best available care . that doesn't make it accurate enough to be considered science ... what the hell ? why ? having no one in your early 20s equals no future , even though you have the rest of your life to find someone ? not to mention to work on your career , start a project , volunteer or ... okay , that's fair . in other developing countries it makes sense that a lack of birth control and a presence of controlling husbands could lead to abortions . i remember reading about that happening in ... yes , they literally do have their own section of psychology . look it up . oh wait , you never will . i really don't care for your total lack of evidence , anecdotes , articles or anything beyond your ... i have . studied psychology for years , studied lgbt psychology , studied transgender psychology and the science surrounding it . i've been an active member in the lgbt community as an ally my whole ... here , since you guys don't know how to do a goddamn google search for yourselves . i feel like the only adult in the room . ... but they do exist , and i've met others like her . so ... all abortions are because of the patriarchy except for my mother's ? she is the single most irresponsible woman on the face of the planet ? all ... shahada all i said was there is scientific evidence to support my opinion . no mention of a consensus . that was you . but since you continue to pointless argue false semantics , as well as putting ... when you post an article supporting evidence for your claim in a debate : that's not a good enough article . your sources suck . you just pick and choose the one that supports you out of all the ... why would i post all of the articles that go against my argument ? if half the articles are pro something and half are against , wouldn't it stand to reason that both are valid sources of information ... the dsm was rejected from the scientific community . and there still is no consensus in the psychological community , which is why many psychologists ( and doctors in general ) refuse to treat ... we all want to believe the best about ourselves . i remember my mother saying that exact same thing : i can't have a child now because i'm too poor . then the next time she got pregnant she just ... i think you are idealising women . most of the women i know who've had abortions had them because they refused to use birth control and didn't feel like being pregnant . not every woman on earth is ... that was a head doctor at johns hopkins , one of the best hospitals in the world . but okay , here's some more if you can't swallow that . paul mchugh : transgender surgery isn't the solution - wsj ... this bothers me and i don't know why . i can't afford it is a weak excuse . you can afford to give a child up for adoption . you can get free birth control through many programs . you can even get free prenatal care . what they really mean ... actually , it does . johns hopkins psychiatrist : transgender is âx80x98mental disorder ; ' sex change âx80x98biologically impossibleâx 80x99 the pro-transgender advocates do not want to know , said mchugh , that ... so all the anti-gay and anti-woman and pro-rape posts on this thread get overlooked , but i make a comment which has a significant basis in science about trans people and get an infraction . i guess ... blasphemy . i doubt that mr . cafebot even has a shiny metal ass . futurama is canceled and it's never coming back . well i own 0.14 % of the forum's posts . so ... there ... goddamnit i need a life . d + for effort . try again next time . it arguably could be said that i cheated on my partner , but i don't view it that way and i hope he doesn't either . i was working as a stripper , and i performed certain acts with my customers during ... the nerdy girl gets the worm , but the hot blond gets the roofie . nah , women don't have abortions because of patriarchy . i had an abortion because i was raped ( which perhaps could be skewed as part of the patriarchy , although i don't really think so ) . but when i ... oh , it happens often at the higher end restaurants . especially anything with a bar in it , even if i'm sitting at a table away from the bar . most recently , the guy is a waiter at a mid-priced sushi ... i try to be polite to everyone in public , and somehow to a lot of men ( especially fucking waiters ) that seems to mean they should keep pestering me and trying to get my number . i'm starting to think ... should i go get sushi before it closes ? to be clear , if someone is completely against feminism , they believe that : - women should not be allowed to vote - women should be paid less than men - men should never be stay-at-home dads - ... yeah , i've been accused of being a sjw for saying that sexism still exists and men are culturally taught to feel entitled to sex with a hot girl . but the thing is , i'm a moderate . a big , ... society doesn't accept anyone . and it doesn't have to . no you aren't turning my argument ; you're just repeating the argument that everybody else has been making , which i then turned on its head . ... roll my eyes every time their back is turned to me , then wait eagerly until they leave the room so i can talk shit about them . put a bag over your head . i don't know , but the korean lady at the dry cleaner's tailored my dress pretty loose . i guess that's what i get for spending less than $ 20 and not remembering to say an yong hae sai-yo . i once made a post agreeing with a sjw , which just happened to include some buzzword out of context ( like identify or something ) . without reading my post , he started mercilessly bashing me as a ... if i encourage others to read this part of history and learn from his successes , perhaps one of them will go on to implement similar policies based on these when they're in office . perhaps it may ... '