' too many carbs , trying to stay in ketosis . yay for me bringing out necro threads ... i imagine he might be enfp too . sometimes he seems a bit too tired and n for what he does . this is why i think he might be more intuitive than sensory . as a ti dominant , i have been wondering in the last past hour myself how would it be like to be an si dominant . ti just feels so active , while si sounds so passive . but maybe really it's ne what ... i suspect my gf is isfj . even though she doesn't want to do the test ( it's complicated because she is brazilian and a bit shy using english for such things ) . i have never felt so secure in a ... taking into consideration that the whole mbti thing is anecdotal , then you shouldn't take the results of these tests so literally . you know we are fucked as a species if chuck norris turns around and says we need to start over , ouch . o . o damn , i wanted to troll you with congratulating that your wish shall be granted and you have become and estj but then i realised ne is always paired with si . well played , sir . - . - i give a lot of shit . maybe it's not really an intp trait ? perhaps a tendency , yes , but .. i tried to not let the fact that i know which function is intp and which is not let affect me , as much as possible . glad to see the results still were this : based on your cognitive functions , ... 1 . your mother tongue : estonian 1.1 languages you can understand , and that will understand you , because of your mother tongue ; but you can't write / speak in that language : 0.1 % of finnish . which ... i know this is a stereotype but .. your mother tongue is spanish , and you can understand portuguese ? : o i heard it only works the other way around . maybe , but then you said yourself give it another century or so . which i pointed out myself , that before that time , things are like they are . to culturally evolve as vegans , it means that we have ... ok i guess i went a bit off track with my talk , since bull fighting and unnecessary animal hunting is not something what is unavoidable . but about the oil , i would argue that despite all the efforts , ... i kept editing my post a lot , its a bad habbit i agree . - . - well , nature is the sum of living things , living things which invidually have these traits . :P i guess it's the result , a sum of its parts ... well , i don't think it's an entity . i just think nature is a self-regulating thing that ends up accidentally doing these things anyway , because nature wants to expand . it doesn't need to be an entity ... i didn't mean to say animals actually need to be sacrificed for technological advancements . i just meant that the more big and powerful the human population gets ( bronze age vs middle ages vs modern ... if you are referring to my post , then i said nothing of the sorts . i am pretty sure humans , especially 7 billion of them , have negative effect on the general animal population . no ? edit : what i ... yes , as i said , we . life on earth is about 3.6 billion years old .. took it's time for a species to evolve who can possibly figure out how to escape from the death of the sun . but a society which can ... pretty sure they won't be living here when our sun dies . self-aware and intelligent life form like humans is the only way out .. what if somehow humankind helps animals bread to other planets in other solar system , so that when sun goes out with earth , the nature doesn't . the population being at big as it is , it seems ... i turn my bittorrent off right after the download is complete too , it just makes my internet sluggish . maybe i should turn the number of connections down in bittorrent and see if it still does that ... i have had ssd since birth , which means i'm deaf in one ear . and only until last week when i googled about it ( it has been always a natural part of me , so i never thought of googling about it ... ... reminds me some period of time in some areas of europe in middle ages , where every hill with a castle had it's king who didn't answer to anyone . but .. this evolved slowly and at one point there was a ... industry doesn't work in a society where people can do what they want . where society is now is the result of discipline , partly enforced by laws . being civilized and having laws and regulations goes ... anarchy would be like going back to stone age , no ty . what are your interests and hobbies ? i like to play video games , a lot . i like to get all trophies on the games i have for ps3 . i'm also studying portuguese from a book . lately i have been quite ... i have that infj friend who seems to think that infjs don't doubt their type - they just know they are infjs . but here i see the opposite , even if it's just playful ti . :P and when i start rambling ... we are all in your head . booo .. sounds like such an effort to keep it up . nah , not offended , the same thing has crossed my mind several times . :) rationality is the ability to have consistency in one's reasoning . sometimes it can drive me up the wall if someone is sure of himself , but doesn't see the gaping holes in his reasoning ( if he has ... i keep constantly doubting if i truly am an intp ( or how true mbti system itself is ) , but lately i read this good description written in personality junkie , check it out ! :) personality junkie | ... i feel the same about most of the posts ( except the ones about universe , which are always fun ) . and coincidentally radiohead in rainbows album is like the only music i just can't get enough of ... * sits in the corner and drinks straight from his wine bottle * yeah .. i don't care either ! * pours into a glass and sips more with a depressed face * damn , i put the answer to the sewing question wrong . so that exception is not really an exception . :P ^ haha ! that is so funny ! :D nice one . i find most intp subforum threads and posts too boring to read . maybe they just seem to vague for me . also , i wonder why i mostly get around best with fp type girls . girls i have been in ... my favourite cartoon , definitely . a must-see for all severe intps . luzluna , these are some pretty interesting points . definitely gives a new perspective and possibility . i just wanted to say that .. edit : nvm , i got it . i ordered keirsey's please understand me and it finally got here . now as i'm reading about nf's , i find that i understand their supposed search for their true selves quite well . even though ... modern software design approaches usually combine both topx 96down and bottomx 96up approaches . 24362 we need a intj <-> intp translator .. nice to see the functions and their blindspots at work here though . i love getting stuff done for the sole reason of getting them off my mind . i'm always afraid of some impending doom and i want to avoid that . it's what i meant actually , i guess i worded it badly . : frustrating : just reminds me how absentminded repeatedly went back to the same joke ( s ) in this thread here . i was wondering if the intjs included were thinking ok , that's enough already ! or not . good laughs ... damn double-post . that is so very familiar .. you worded it quite nicely . edit : you mean you press yourself for reaching conclusions ( or that no certain conclusions can't be drawn ) ? i mean , you don't want ... you should have grown up in estonia , that kind of bs is actually quite foreign to me . then again we are rather cold around here . i don't think that most people are feelers , it's probably a ... '