well i have not attended graduate school yet but i am in the same boat as you . i plan on applying for graduate school in counseling this fall and i have been attempting to do some research ... i was 19 when i had my first kiss . it was just a short peck and i was terrified . i knew he had wanted to kiss me all night but i was avoiding it . it wasn't a bad kiss but i didn't have fireworks and ... i have been friends with this person since we were about 7 or 8 years old . she used to kind of bully me as a child by telling me i was weird and leaving me out of activities and what not but she ... well this pattern of behavior has lasted pretty much our entire lives . my parents , old boyfriends , and my other friends have told me i need to let go of her because she is toxic to my self-esteem . ... thanks ! this is all good stuff . i usually try and keep negative thoughts at bay but lately i feel a little lost . i feel like realizing that my closest friend doesn't care about me the way i deserve ... i'm having a slight identity crisis today . i'm worried that i am a negative person and that i vent about things that frustrate me too much . i try and keep myself in check for the most part and stop ... my boyfriend is an isfp . we get along pretty well . he is weird and quirky just like i am and we have a lot of fun together . sometimes i get frustrated with our communication styles . i feel like ... you probably already realize this but i think kids tend to like infps . the first time i worked with kids i was worried that i was too quiet or boring but then one day they were all fighting over who ... well its perceiving versus judging . if you look up the traits on google it should go into more detail . i just know that my p contributes to things like being late all the time or procrastinating ... hmm i'm pretty sure i've never been with an nf type but i think that i would really like it . i think i could connect to them emotionally better than other types . i have been with nt's though and ... when you feel bad when you sell your car because you are worried its going to feel sad and rejected i'm tired of feeling taken for granted , i'm tired of getting hurt and i'm tired of feeling used becuase i'm nice . i do like that i am accepting and forgiving of others but it wears me down when i ... i do the same thing . i really want to get my ph . d in psych but i keep wavering . its such a huge commitment that i don't want to make the wrong choice and end up really unhappy after 5-6 years of ... hmmm compassion and empathy can be tricky . i know plenty of people who lack these skills and don't seem to mind a bit . the fact that you can recognize this and want to improve on it is a good ... i always do this ! my friends make fun of me and think i'm crazy but i can always see the bad guys motive and back story and i feel sorry for him . i don't always want him to win in the end but i ... i wonder if infps have slight hoarding problems ? i most definitely do this ! i'm so glad i'm not alone ! when i was a little kid i would spend hours naming all my stuffed animals because it was very important to get it right . i mean how upset would i ... pants are the worst ! you have a lot of reasons to hold on . i know life feels ugly and overwhelming . right now its hard to see the good out there but there is good . if you can , try to name at least 5 good things in ... i totally agree with that . my mom didn't marry my stepdad until i was 11 so my early childhood was characterized with pretty stereotypical infp traits which i'm sure influenced me one way or the ... so i've read that growing up can be pretty hard for some infps especially if their parents are a very different type . they don't feel understood and probably feel out of place because their ... well if the other person is far away and there doesn't seem to be a possibility for them in the near future i think you should try to let go of your feelings for them and try it with the new person . ... that is totally understandable to be bummed out ! last year i applied to several social psychology ph . d . programs and didn't get in . needless to say , i was devastated . however , looking back now i ... that is unfortunate . you definitely need to get along with your counselor and if that relationship isn't good then you are going to gain much from him . counseling should be a safe environment and ... it does sound like you've had a very very rough year and i'm sorry to hear that . i know its scary but if you truly feel like you are struggling and are sick and tired of it you could always try ... first of all you are neither evil nor worthless . this type of cyclical thinking is very destructive and is an overgeneralization . everyone does bad things and everyone does good things . just because ... what kind of self destructive thoughts are you having ? there are many forms of maladaptive thinking that can put you in a bad place . i for one fall victim to the black or white thinking ( i . e ... i do believe in past lives and reincarnation . it honestly makes me feel better about the afterlife . many years ago i read a book called many lives , many masters that opened up this subject to me . ... i am definitely not aggressive . even when i am mad i have a hard time yelling at people or taking that low blow . i can probably count on one hand the times i have lost control and struck out at ... hello everyone ! so this is my introduction i suppose . i've known for a long time that i am an infp but i've only recently begun to study it . being able to read and understand my personality makes ...