' maybe you're the more serious enfp type . i've seen some of those type . i personally think the serious enfps are those who have developed enough fi and te tho . i'm in the middle but fallen to the ... i've meet some of intj girls , most online though . and i think if we communicate more often , we can get along just fine :D . i find them cool person tho <3 . maybe it's the intj who will get annoyed ... this is the first time i read someone wants a clingy partner haha . as an enfp accused of being clingy from her friends , this is somewhat flattering lol xd . but still , ni and fi should be very different thing right ? with one is a subjective value ( or feeling ) and another is intuition ... oh and i see gerard use si a lot , he likes to compare things with ... introvert thinking user got me headache so much with their questions . especially paired with ne ;P are you sure he's an infj ? well ... i don't know ... i kinda see a little ni on him , but he screams fi to me ... so either infp or enfp . “ it's important to keep up momentum , when i'm home alone i ... hello guys , i wanna ask your opinion about ex frontman of mcr , gerard way . many people typed him as infp , but somehow , i think he's more like an enfp . what do you think ? he always strike me as an ... i think gerard way is enfp tho ... at first i thought he's an enfj but i think he's more an ne-fi user ... and the way he formed a band to express his idealism is more like te in action you know you're an enfp when you have a determination to find an intj husband ... : frustrating : ( eventho you might be welcoming other types too , but intj is like your top priority ) the job that i think i genuinely love it is something involved with people , human development , creativity , have impacts for others life . and it must be done in a fun way ! xd i think i love my job ... you know ... immature people are not so good ... and by the way , when i pointed those bad traits , i should've checked on my self also . sometimes i can be immature too , in a different way compare to ... the immature one to me will be the one who will always bragging about his intelligence and how others are so stupid . and those who always complaining , and being sarcastic and super negative about ... meeting mature xntjs will be the end of enfps . lol i know this is an old thread , old comment but i just wanna say , i kinda like it when ntjs went te on me :p when you can no longer hold yourself for not telling to your long time intj crush that you really like him . and apparently still don't want to be that straight forward so you used another language ... some do love enfps some dont . in my case , well ... they dont ? hahah ... sad ... been thinking actually i can be with even other extrovert or feeler , as long as they aren't overbearing .. but ... ya ... i know tho ... maybe it's really hard for him being an enfp and having adhd . i mean being enfp we already having a hard time to have a high focus . xd hello and welcome ! hopefully you'll get to meet more nice enfps and maybe one of them end up being your spouse in future :D yep you're right he's totally enfp i can't even :p ( yet some people type him as sensor ) i feel sorry for him cuz he has to take those pills to calm him down :( so he's an adhd enfp then ... must be hard .. but he's awesome ! i less than three him ! xd yesss ! actually at first i thought he was an entp . some people type him entp or even intp . but after an intj in this forum enlightened me , and after i watch more and more videos of him , he's a text ... yes ! ! i see another lamp - - if you know what i'm talking about then u're a lamp just like me haha xd you know you're an enfp when you get ryan higa's humor . i hope it isn't just me hahahahaha xd btw , enfp guys are really cute > / / / < i begin to think he's an enfp . he's sooo adorable i can't my harteuuu xd ( sorry intjs this time i'll be fangirling over an enfp . i can smitten by enfp too xdd #jokes ) i'm sorry i can be ... enfp ? entp ? what do you think ? yesss him ! what makes you think he's an enfp ? elaborate please :) hello guys ! recently , i've been into ryan higa so much ! he's sooo adorkable <3 . anyway , i'm curious what is his mbti type ? at first i thought he's an entp , but somehow ... something's lacking . the ... hellooo there ! i have finished reading the book , and i super like it ! ! i actually thought margo is an enfp too . but slightly unsure , she looked like infj too , from what i have read . she had a long ... agree with whoever say thay ryan higa is an entp . he screams entp to me xd . these days , i've been into handcrafting . something that stereotipically sp-ish . i love to do it with my own hand , so that i don't get my head stuck in clouds . xd and i'm not your life of the party ... hello there ! i have an intj online friend . a girl , and she's younger than me ( and a 8w7 also ) . from the very beginning of our contacts , we're always talking about some deep stuffs . i have a great ... if i have to analyze based on their cognitive function , the enfps ( maybe ) supposed to be the more introverted one . because : fe and te . i mean fe craves people , te ... nope . hahaha . they use people to ... just read paper towns ... i think : margo : enfp ( unhealthy one ? immature ? i dunno . - . ) but she could possibly be an infj ( unhealthy one too ) . this is confusing quentin : infp radar : intj ( why you ... dude , do you have a well developed se or ? i mean you seem to like getting in touch with world through your senses , something i would read in esfp description . - . please , enlighten me . been wondering ... i currently read paper towns novel . i think margo is an enfp . i dunno , the way she described their city as a paper town , seems like ne-ish . and i think she's a 7w8 , thus explain why she seems more ... red velvet the red album xd anyone into kpop in here ? :p when it's really hard for you to let go off an intj but you know you have to . i need time you know xd omggg ! ! ! i can totally relate with this bitter sweet poem like 99.8999 % this is what romance is for an enfp like me . i really wanna support my partner's dreams and ambitions : blushed : i think my lack of confidence coming from ... afraid of others judgment , and my lack of competency ( tho usually for this one i can be thick skinned too ) . and my confidence slowly growing as i ... i've been rejected by an intj yeaaay ! #letears : laughing : twice ! by the same intj ! and no , i'm not being subtle with him , i was very straight forward about my intention . and feeling . yeah ... dear intj whatever it is , i hope , and i do really wish to be part of your life and your dream :) i will pray to god ... sincerely yours enfp i'm not an isfp but please allow me to vent something here ( why enfp forum doesn't have this thread xd ) so ... i got rejected again by the same intj that i've been fancied since years ago , and ... wow that's so thoughtful of you :) i hope i meet that kind of intj one day ^ . ^ .. actually i'm crushing an intj right now ... but probably he's irritated a little bit by my high curiosity xd . i dunno ... dear intj it's been a year already , and you are constantly inside my heart ... thanks for your heart warming confession regarding what happened last year :) . that's why you are the most consistent ... i think this is a song that defines my life . and btw sakura kinomoto is an enfp sooo yeah xd sung by : sakamoto ma'aya lyrics : iwasato hiroko ... yes i think i've met few of them in my real life , but there's this one infp guy who had been my crush for about 3 years . and i feel like he had influenced me a lot . i become more introspective ( and ... right now , i'm crushing real hard on an intj damn it dev why you still ... tt___tt when i read the title of the topic in my mind i'm going to answer this : food well , i'm not that outgoing tho :p . but yeah once in a while i meet new people , but to bond with them easily , not so easy . so you're not that introverted ? i think my ( pfft ) intj is somewhat like ... '