' i remember many years ago , a director advised her staff that you can do the right thing or the smart thing . i asked isn't doing the right thing always the smart thing ? i found it disturbing that ... i would encourage all tp types over 35 to listen while you read the lyrics and listen to the song with your fe it is relative to think that since you are in college , you should be doing more socializing , but you are first and foremost an introverted type and dr . jung says , x93the introvert's attitude to the ... thanks , just dropping in . back to the op , you do attend classes and that 40-50 % you allude to is probably dedicated at least in part to studying . depending on how serious you are as a student and ... okay , bear with me because i want you to be able to answer this dilemma for yourself . so to the contrary , you do attend class ( es ) and not just sit in your dorm or home 80-90 % of the time ? to make such a claim means either you are a dependent on someone financially or independently wealthy . otherwise , are you exaggerating these numbers ? never heard it called mental but mindless music , but it is a good descripton . i prefer instrumental to distracting lyrics . especially smooth jazz . yet i like talk radio to music when it is ... estps like all extraverts shoot their gun without a target in almost everything they do , then they may / not stop to internalize what they did . istps like all introverted types will generally ... i could see that as being true . however i know intjs that share my interest in history and autobiographies . actually i will enjoy a textbook if the topic interests me , more than anything . the mbti system creates a dichotomous choice of either / or . but in reality , the pesonality type system created by dr . jung views our use of function-attitudes along a sliding scale . one person using ... well said and very good examples . but to expound , everyone judges . thatx 92s simply a fact of life . as it relates to personality typology and this topic our dominant introverted x93judgingx94 function ... you folks have yet to learn that psychological type is purely a cognitive process and has nothing to do with physical or emotions ? if i am pricked with a needle , stub my toe or bash my fingers with ... let this be a lesson . istps and sps in general are not necessarily mechanically inclined . i have spent the last several weekends trying to get my downstairs ac unit to work and now need to call in ... it was a rhetorical question that simply needed to be answered by saying it was man who created both . religious theories do not have to be proven false , one only has to show the contradictive ... seralya where did the bible or scientific theory originate ? that is where my skepticism lies in all of the arguments made by atheists and theists and everyone here . man has only provided theory ... fair enough . really ? darwin only proved that he was a racists . where does anyone including darwin indicate the original homo sapien derived ? it had to start somewhere . if there was one homo ... okay first i am going to admit that i did not read any of the above posts entirely since i am not arguing for or against either side . as i have said from the beginning of my posts atheism and theism ... i agree with your assertion except i am not sure why you say atheists lack faith . they have just as strong faith as the next theist , except their faith is that something other than a deity exist . ... and this is how non-believers win the argument , by claiming the burden of proof being on those proposing god exist . except the burden of proof is on both proving their point . therefore claiming god ... then that makes you agnostgic in the first degree . do you know anyone claiming to be atheist that says they are actually seeking proof that god exists ? i have never heard an atheist claim they were ... i have no problem with anyone who wants to claim the non-existence of god . but children tell their parents what they donx 92t like , but they donx 92t believe every day . it takes someone with more ... i think itx 92s the reasons you do not believe that god exists that makes you agnostic . they do not think it is possible to prove that god exists , but is open to changing their mind if the proof ever ... hmm , then would that not make you agnostic ? not believing because of a lack of proof is not atheism . atheists are just as dogmatic that god ( s ) does not exists as theists in being dogmatic that ... i would be curious to know how many ti dominant types or those using ji-pe also consider themselves e9 types . generally repressed anger is associated with that type as alluded to in this thread . ... i knew that the myers-briggs foundation had conceded that their application of how the assessment is professionally administered does not result in accuracy , resulting in the mbti foundation ... wait ... what .. ? ( lol ) . you said you meant behind the scenes , not chart the course . am i missing something ? understood , then if you believe your core values ( and i encourage everyone to understand the core values of every temperament since we do use all temperaments in some form ) are theorist and / or ... i agree with your assertion that we can never be 100 % sure of our type , which is why linda v . berens uses the phrase , “ best-fit type ” . personality typing is not quantifiable by any means . but you ... dr . jung did not write his theory ergo cognitive functions , to be used to quantify a personx 92s type . itx 92s just not a practical tool . the study will benefit helping one learn more about their type ... i admit for a decade that i was heavily interested in the subject of persoanlity type . but i must be one of the only istp types that never got caught up in the type of those i encountered . i say ... there have been some great responses to this thread . as always jungyes and mad offer extreme enlightenment . tru 7h thanks for your insightful input as well . it was not my intent to create this ... celtic , i did not have time to read through the remainder of your post until now . i was in the process of providing an elaborate response , but i think it is best to simply remind everyone on this ... celtic , the attitude is always present and is always occurring . it is not something we develop as we do functions . instead as dr . jung concludes : the one constant in type is that we have an ... well i will wait for myjazz to respond , but let me understand what you are saying . i create a thread , you come from out of nowhere to respond to a thread i have created , and i am the one seeking ... exactly , even if the person confirms their type with little knowledge of type and i am not discussing mbti since that theory does not use cognitive functions , then i would have to know that the ... i am editing this post , because i now understand why you ask the question myjazz . i think it was more of the thread you allude to made me think along the lines of no wonder some people mistype ... my inquiry using your post was to those responding , and was never meant to start a dialogue of whether you are capable of determining someone's type . you have confirmed that your belief this person ... obvious to who ? what are you considering esfp characteristics ? i would be interested in how many of those characteristics are simply stereotypes . but it is still indeed your subjective ... dr . jung did not seem interested in describing types as we know them today . this is indicative of his type descriptions being based solely on the dominant function . dr . jung acknowledged that in ... for some of you still struggling to determine a type , i can appreciate your frustration . but know that not only is it common for the average person not to know their type , but many will never have a ... this is a spectacular response . thank you poptart . i am always curious as to what is referred to as a friend and whether a distinction is being made between friend and close acquaintance . i googled the word to see what responses i could get ... i love to cook and consider it therapy and a creative outlet . i have been cooking the main courses or whole meals for family get-togethers , thanksgiving , christmas , etc since 2000 . i grill , fry , ... i don ’ t know many introverting types that would not describe themselves in general as being hard to get to know , put off by people in general ( whether one justifies the reasons for being put off as ... to the op , ask yourself this . if i am socializing where is my focus at the moment , internally or externally ? clearly it is externally because you are focusing on something other than the self . ... when i first started learning about type , i read this book along with x93was that really mex 94 , which was the same book but new packaging , and joe buttsx 92 booklet of shadow types . i went through a phase ... which was my reason for creating this thread . as a dominant ti-ni user ( and i have found confirmed infj types mirroring similar sentiments ) , i became immune to assessments years ago . we generally ... i for one am not a big fan of the loop theory until someone can explain why they believe a lower function of the same attitude can actually result in the dominant rendering its power in an alternate ... one example is indicated here :P rinciples become stronger in ti types , the more they gain experience and / or research something that becomes more consisted with a particular model . unlike te dominant ... that would indicate you are infp , assuming you prefer the behind the scenes interaction style . '