 feeling cold os i turned off the ac show them instead of using words , though you should do this to everyone . n's can be equally oblivious . it's not about mbti , it's more about the enneagram type you are . ya a miserable little pile of secrets . how come every canadian on the internet is an asshole ? a benevolent bacteria . had a nightmare my mom and her friends were tortured and killed my mom in the dream was said to be the worst case cuz she was skinned alive and disemboweled . just things stress b4 bed does to ya ! sometimes when i get overwhelmed by problems , i just lay down in bed and start meditating into ecstasy and i wish i could live in a magical , perpetual state of pleasure . people who do this kind of stuff , or even defends its utility makes me feel dirty . i guess i don't like , vain , pretentious , pompous people , like i'm what i'm because of my circumstances and environment , i didn't pursue to be what i'm ( whatever that may be ) by petty desires , i simply ... i've never read any book but i like reading the internet and think for myself . depends on how sleepy i'm . happiness . rain all of you 5 signs a girl has daddy issues i think ti-dom feels but they have a difficult relating their feelings to others , am i right ? correct me if i'm wrong . a doppelganger of mine would be an amalgam of every pattern i observe on others and dislike . hell naw . wtf no delete this nah  poor doggo there is a real bipolar disorder but doctors expanded the meaning to prescribe more drugs and make $ $ $ . almost all estp i see on this forum are weeaboos . stop judging yourself though other's standards and live within your own values . big plans imply stress . i'd rather do good whenver i feel like it and hope it spreads like a virus . i draw in stylish cursive but can't seem to write some words like e's well . what's even a feeling ? does it prevent us from achieving objective truth ? i don't like presumptuous / pretentious people either . ya gotta stick with the people u like . : blushed : hot ! never heard of this . i keep thinking uncomfortable and painful things all the time and cringe . i get fucked all the time by life . nah . but i'm willing to try new things . health . only if you fuck the horse part . if the person cares about forgiveness , then they're probaby good , right ? i've never felt that way . seems like some bs vanity drank coffe and i felt like i was gonna lose my mind or faint . well , these things are all intertwined with your privacy , right ? i had a dream i was in russia and i saw putin and then some russians started opening me up with a knife and it hurt like hell . must be the coccyx pain after my work out . yeah , i understand . it's just that things people say are connected to the internal world , abnd it's important to acknowledge that in order to solve conflicts , some people keep lying and having ... from whta i read on this forum , some think fe is too intrusive and fake , like you don't understand other's struggle . slap them with your titties watch the fuck out , guys i'm gonna get so political now ... a regular sleep schedule . i was told that when you swallow bubblegum it would stick to your lung . : exterminate :