' how do you fight , when pushed ? i'm interested ... i feel i have to fight in some way with a person who is overstepping my boundaries . i hate to do it ; i'd much rather form a kind of alliance , work ... smells a bit i found this video of some words from rupert spira helpful ... he asks , ' does a storm ever overwhelm the sky ? ' . a feeling can never overwhelm who you are ... feelings come and go , you remain ... hope ... pain ... pain ... open ... emptiness . heh ! be happy in your weirdness , it's the perfect expression of all the love in the universe i always know if someone isn't being genuine . it sounds a ' clanger ' in me . just happy to be alive . can't beat it i'm not surprised you are thinking about quitting . this woman is openly rude to you . she doesn't rate or respect you . who has spent the time training you ? is it possible to speak to someone above ... your boss sounds like a knob . ( i don't know if that's just british slang . it's basically an insulting way of saying ' an idiot ' ) probably introverts . i like extroverts , but i think i'm too boring ( in their opinion ) to stick around . they're like a beautiful exotic bird that lands in your garden , struts around for a bit and then ... i think that starting and reading this thread has helped me to do that . rationally , i knew it didn't matter , but emotionally i was still responding to it . i guess one problem i have is a lack of ... i don't especially like or dislike harry potter . i don't like fiction generally - it doesn't feel rooted in anything . an author can just make something up , and present it as fact . i like to read about ... well , i like to understand things . i like to get to the bottom of a situation and understand it . when i understand a situation , it diffuses it for me . it's something i find interesting . i'm not ... i feel troubled when someone doesn't like me . i feel the need to understand it , and it troubles me . sometimes it makes no sense to me , so i puzzle over it . other people don't seem too troubled , and ... polly scattergood - other too endless well , sorry but it sounds to me like he's not interested . either that or he's lost his phone and your number ... it seems a bit unfair of him to just not reply . if he says he's going to be out of ... i googled some old usernames ... i like the pictures that come up , reminds me of old times . not just my own photos , other pictures of people who i'd had conversations with and pictures associated with ... i don't know if the difference is , i don't want to tell anyone else what to do either . some people get right into being the one with authority ; they just don't like being on the sharp end . i don't ... comedic porpoises ? 478274 i hate it ! i mean , really hate it . do you ? the other week at work i got mildly told off for arranging the dvd's for sale into a neater pile . the manageress doesn't like it apparently , and this got ... david bowie - blackstar a photo of trees from my bedroom window 388474 i'm interested in this way of being . i do my best to tell people nothing about myself most of the time . i hide a lot behind a cloak of blandness , it feels scary to be openly my full self . i'd prefer ... best of all the animals ;) i realised a few months ago , many of my interests are invisible . i love fragrances , i love music . feelings interest me , and certainly psychic connections between people who are intimate i find ... no , me neither . i don't want to quit the group though , as i do get benefits from it , and some people there are lovely , particularly jen ( not real name ) . she's a very loving person , and i always like ... oh , i am a 4 , with a 5 wing . i tend to feel socially clumsy , but i am genuine with my feelings ... well , it certainly introduces another element into the mix . i always wondered how people cope ... yes , that's right ... i feel like i've loosened up a bit since going twice ... i'm typically british and repressed , but i'm finding it a bit easier to hug people if i'm pleased to see them . i suppose i ... well , some of the problem is occuring at a cuddle workshop . i get a lot of benefit from it , and don't want to leave , but i sense some dislike , and hostility from a couple of men in the group . part of ... i occasionally meet people who seem to hate me for no reason i can see , nothing i have done or said to them . it's a lasting hate , and i wonder what on earth it means . some people just seem to want to ... what's this thing about being useful ? sounds awful ! i seem to be unusual without trying , so even though i feel quite ordinary , i don't think others see me that way . i'm going through a phase of ... this is a bump , for those who are interested . i went down there to see her last weekend . turns out she's a klepto . she told me that one time she got hospitalised because she was shoplifting so much . ... i kind of swing between raw vegan / fruitarian and cooked vegetarian . i went vegan for health reasons - i don't believe meat is healthy , and dairy is pretty nasty stuff too . i feel cleaner inside ... sometimes it feels like we introverts spend half our time talking about extroverts ... how much time do extroverts spend talking about us ? naff all ! i feel if i was extrovert , and also if i was ... i'm interested most in type three , i wish i knew where to meet some . right now i'm really tired of my own neurosis wilson dixon - sticks & stones :D vocaroo | voice message my family are all silly gits i hope they stub their toe , the twits they should pay me more attention being mean is their invention i would kick them up the bum all my siblings and my mum i'd ... i'd do the mash i'd do the monster mash ( he'd do the mash ) it was a graveyard smash ! ( the monster mash ) it caught on in a flash ! ( he'd do the mash ) i'd do the monster mash ! i was angry at the time i made my original post . i was also aware that i was being triggered , and that i was reacting more strongly than the situation warranted . i needed to write out the anger to ... this might give someone a good laugh ;) thanks so much for this , it makes a lot of sense . i do feel she's done it without any thought , and that there's a lack of boundaries , and some impulsiveness at play . it doesn't feel malicious , more ... it's clearly an apple - can't you read ? ! :p a million red flags ? no , it's not that bad . to clarify , though i did mention it earlier , i did buy enough food for my friend and my girlfriend , and some fruit for me . so it wasn't like there ... over reacting , yes . i'm aware that i am being triggered by this and there are buried issues for me that are causing me more pain than the situation warrants . i don't know what the issues are . food ... hey , sorry to hear you're having health problems . it can be such a drag . i was having terrible health problems , and i found that a low fat raw vegan diet helped a lot , and the absolute miracle healer ... zuflex , it was my fruit , i made that very clear , she was with me when i bought it - also i paid for vege to go in a stir fry . i wanted to make the food , i was very unhappy about the situation getting ... hi thay , yeah , i am in the 30 bananas a day singles group . i've never been very proactive about getting into relationships . i'm worried of coming across as ' creepy ' or ' needy ' so i don't like to ... well , i live in such a meaty smelly world that i've given up on the idea of finding perfection . i'd love to date another fruitarian , but i've not had any luck , and i'm not good at finding a partner ... '