' what niss said ! 100 % i love steak , sushi , pizza , and strangely , salads . things i could eat every day ... bacon and eggs salad ( summer ) soup ( winter ) ... now i'm hungry ... nah , we don't need a map ! let's just follow the roadsigns . i love surprise parties ! that's a really shitty email , in my opinion . all he's doing is trying to make you feel bad . don't fall for it ! oh , you're self-centred and horrible and put me down , but you're a lovely person . ... i have a facebook account , but i'm not very active . i mostly like animal rescue pages , and i only ever upload photos of my dog . because he's awesome . : laughing : my advice to you would be to just back off and stop mentioning marriage . every time you argue with him about it , i can guarantee that you bring up bad memories of marriage / arguing for him , and then ... aaaaw ! someone remembers me ! * happy * so what ? you can still have a very fullfilling , happy life without a partner . working ... sigh . i agree with this . i think it depends on more than just introvert or not . my ex husband is an introvert , and we always had fantastic conversations and debates . my sister-in-law on the other ... ^ this ! . i'm looking forward to moving into my new house . only a week to go ! : happy : agreed ! : blushed : i don't know about all istjs , but i can . no . i would never do this . it's terrible etiquette ! hahahahaha ! that's so funny , and so true ! i was looking at my baby photos last night and i hardly ever smiled ! so glad to see it's not only me ! : tongue : welcome ! : happy : congratulations ! that's fantastic , sela ! don't know about the others but i have a horrendous sense of direction ! seriously , i get lost in shopping malls ! : unsure : isn't that just the best feeling in the world ? : laughing : thank you ! : happy : well , i'm a mainframe programmer , so our batch processing happens at night . if something goes wrong , like a program crashing or something , then the programmer who is on standby will get a phone ... i do nerdy computer work . the paycheck doesn't measure up though , qadosh . : tongue : and the hours encroach on your personal time in the form of standby . i don't mind that though . it's often a ... ^ this .  . thanks guys ! i'm so excited ! ( and this is the only time you'll see me excited about a mountain of debt ) : crazy : that's fantastic ! it's so nice to hear of people who care for animals ... if you ask me there are too few of us left ! : happy : thanks for clarifying . : happy : i understand a lot better . your concern for your male friends is valid , because men seem to have a huge blind spot when it comes to women . i've seen it with my male ... no . i don't look back . despite some heartache in my past , i wouldn't change a thing , and i wouldn't have done it any differently . whatever i've been through has helped to make me who i am ... i'd like to say that i have friends who have not bought houses , not had children , in some cases not even had relationships , and some of them are more mature than some of my married-with-children ... we need a lot of space and me-time . go shopping on your own , or with a friend . a friend of mine was struggling to lose weight even though she was following a healthy diet . she went to the doctor for tests and there was some or other hormonal thing going on which affected what ... eep . it found us ! scatter ! run for the hills ! : tongue : ^ this . the girl obviously has low self esteem . but why is it bothering you so much ? is it out of concern for her ? i feel good because i've bought a house . all by myself ! i'm very proud of this . :p roud : i would be if i were niss ! i'd want to see how the people were doing and what they're saying about me ! : tongue : hahahaha ! i invite you to try , good sir ! : laughing : never ! istjs always follow the rules ... i'm assuming you would leave the money for the weapons on the counter , general lee ? : tongue : i feel very bad that your experiences with an istj are so bad . we're not all like that , really ! your dad obviously has other issues . has your dad always been like this , or could it be ... ^ hilarious post ! : laughing : i suspect most people have the capacity for violence , when provoked . but i am not by nature a violent person . i don't know about this . the intj i know is so darned rebellious ! she'd make a terrible slave ! : tongue : can i just say that i admire you for what you have managed to do . you broke the cycle . you could easily have repeated your parents ' past mistakes , but you chose not to . you chose to be a better ... i read this years ago , and it has always stuck with me . to remember me - i will live forever robert n . test the day will come when my body will lie upon a white sheet neatly tucked under ... i'm a type 1 and i'm not violent . maybe we're just making huge generalizations . maybe violence , like good manners , isn't related to type at all ? : unsure : i just went to my profile , and clicked on the statistics tab . it's all there . : happy : 2.21 my average will probably drop soon though , when my leave starts . wheee ! : tongue : i don't get it either ... what's funny ? : confused : this is going to be my new toy ... soon ... : happy : when my estj mother asks my istj father do you love me ? he invariably replies with i wouldn't still be here if i didn't . never ! where would you get a crazy idea like that , qadosh ? heh heh seriously , i don't want to see you shot ... i just love guns . : tongue : good point . : tongue : '