i feel such dysphoria in such that i don't want to head out the door today . : sad : i am coming out the closet to you guys . i am gender fluid . i am having one of my guy days , and i don't have a ... well , that is a generous offer . i will look into it . : cool : so ... this is all very cute and adorable . that's all for now . * grabs the popcorn * : kitteh : i don't like how i am on the fringes of social things . i really don't . i want to hang out with my friends . what's keeping me back is school work . i am doing really well in school right now . out ... i am going without music today . this sucks . :d ry : my back has been giving me issues and pain , especially when i bend my neck forward . what gives ? i had to cancel a date because of back pain . :d ry : ( i want the pain to go away . ) i don't like how i want attention . yet at the same time , i want to be left alone . i am working on being fine on my own , but i still have the urge to constantly text someone . i would not mind writing some infp erotica for the purpose . actually , count me in . : cool : i am mildly obsessed with boston , ma . what is so great about boston ? i never seen boston , but i been in the east coast . ( i live in california . ) there is something about the east coast that i miss ... i am managing my emotions better now . i saw my ex with a new girl this past weekend . i am friends to the both of them , and it was the inevitable . instead of storming out and making a scene , which ... she enjoys my company . there is no doubt about it . but , there's not much i can do when she is straight and i am female . i know it's a lost cause since the beginning . but , i still haven't stop feeling ... is this love ? every time i talk to her , i feel something . like how she laughs or how she swoon over her latest obsession . it's that something . i can't shake it off . even after three or so years of ... why can't i just find a simple guy from school and run away with him as the love as my life ? a guy that's interesting enough to tickle my fancy , yet simple enough to be comfortable in that ... i am starting to feel serious emotions towards someone . and that is scaring me very very very much . i cannot stand being this vulnerable . i have a crush on you . there is no denying it , now that i think of it . but , what about you ? you always respond back to my texts . we have light and cheerful conversations about anything . ( we ... for once , being totally alone in my house is making me uncomfortable . we can't get enough of each other , however we are in a polygamous relationship . she welcomes everyone in . i get kicked out to the couch sometimes . there are days where i want a total disconnection to my feelings . these are one of those days . lurking on these infp's threads make me feel less and less of my own kind . i don't feel like i belong anywhere . not even with people that share the same personalities . i don't know how to deal with someone loving me , while i can't reciprocate . this is my first time . it always been the other way around . day of silence stranger : salutations , sir ! have you recently experienced any notable situations worthy of discussion or regaling ? you : bacon ? you : not so far you : looking for someone stranger : funny shit . me ... i don't look attractive . sometimes my body and mind do funny things . like being horny on campus . maybe one day i'll go for something like this : i confess that ever since the forum have upgraded , i find it harder to be around here . i like simple forums format . playground scholastic philosophers of history past socrates , shakesperes , st . thomas aquinas , martin luther king jr . spend lifetimes creating iconic movements progressive for his time which ... this took me away . i am seriously in awe . rereading my poems from months ago brings back memories . it also reminded me that i have a skill for poetry . or is it just me ... what you need to know about tumblr a funny post . here is mine : living from within warning : filled with crazy randomness with original poems sprinkled here and there i just started today ... and i can post a bunch of random stuff . i am having the intention to write poems and post them here . ( if i get around to it . ) living from within follow me ? i found an ixfp . i am happy . looking at facebook full of statuses and picture of halloween parties , i feel distant from everyone . how many of my friends on facebook do i even have regular contact with ? why can't i just delete ... so i am bisexual . i like this girl ever since forever . a couple of my friends knows about this . my crush knows about this as well . so a group of us hung out today to go to a haunted house / corn ... after a night of insomnia , i sent this to him via facebook message : i couldn't sleep . i lay in bed and realized how cold and lonely i am . i miss your cuddling , your body , how your's forms ... the guilt is too great . my self sabotage plan have ruined my current life . i hate myself . name a famous person you don't like . miley cyrus what was the last thing you bought ? i brought gas . the only thing i can now-a-days . name a condiment that is not : ketchup , mustard , relish , ... i feel terrible for giving wrong signals to someone who is potentially a good friend online . now that we agree to never chat again ... i wonder if my chatting skills are mediocre . what's wrong with me ? i been thinking more of my fantasies of having a lesbian relationship rather than reminiscing on my adventures with my boyfriend . i feel like a guy when i think about being with ... i am all for it . i am attracted to such a controlling people like yourselves . i find it very hot and sexy . one last confession before i hide back into my lurker status : i have have a crush on both lad and rowingineden . * blushes * my boyfriend and i have discussed threesomes . he is all for it . i , on the other hand , would feel bad about it . i wouldn't want the other girl to feel like trash or useless . i confess that i am more attracted to females than males . like my attraction rate is 80 % female and 20 % males . i am having numerous lesbian fantasies as of lately . i am uncomfortable about it because ... i want to join the group hugs . while driving , you only get back to the road / reality when people honk at you . :d ry : ( almost always get into accidents daily ) ok i don't fit the infp stereotype . i loved math . i always liked it since forever . i hated english . my writing never could get to the point . overall , i am a bad student grade-wise .