' ! thank you for sharing this , i'm still myself leaning a bit more to the infj side i think personally . but i'm going to watch this video a few times and make sure i soak in well before saying anything ... infp - 100 % of the time knows exactly how they're feeling ethically about any and everything without any outside input at all . there is no question what they're feeling is strictly from them ...  here is me normally . interesting it shows me as a 5 but leaning towards a 5w6 on that test you linked me but only by a small amount but nonetheless i was pretty accurate knew it was 5 :p hey thanks for replying , i typically get 5w4 1w2 4w5 - 514 something of that nature the nickname is icconclast if that helps any i'll retake it again here soon and see what comes up but pretty sure ... just frustrated with myself because i feel it should be obvious for me . i've correctly typed all of my family and extended family and friends , only got one intro / extroversion wrong blah . now i'm ... ugh going on 2 days no sleep . not a good time for me to test or anything i doubt . though , i will say i'm still struggling with my type a bit . i wish i could just * know * ( the way i usually do ) and ... . this has a lot of views , if anyone else would like to add input that would be fine . :p thank you very much for the welcome ah , well i think we're on the same page then and thank you i'd never like really be offensive * unless jokingly to a friend * every now and then people get offended by something i say or the look i ... thank you , and if you want to know all of it . its in my thread on what's my type , it's a lot to go through just a warning lol obvious ni ti loop with suppressed fe . got like 4 pages of discussion on the type thread forgive me if i don't get into all of it but its there if you'd like to read it . thank you very much ! i do , and thinking about it i was focused on my fi for a while and so extremely depressed ext . it's clear to me how unhealthy i was then and why i had come typed differently for a time . yeah , living ... fans in my room to block out all noise so i can think .  i would definitely go with infj after watching that 2nd video . there were 0 , conflicts in it for ... my dreams when i remember them cause weird feelings of already doing experiences and situations . also some of my dreams are just straight up horrifying and macabre to the max . i find those ... they're awesome . i thought i was intp because of my repressed fe and high use of ti . so , looks like i'm actually infj . been struggling with my type for like 3 years now . this is just me sorta saying ' sup to the infj forums again and im back ! lul ... i went from infj , to infp to intp and alas it seems i'm infj with suppressed fe and high use of ti . agreed , ni-ti-fe-se would fit me quiet well . i most certainly repress my f because of the things you have just explained here . i guess i was right with my original typing as infj i've just been over ... thanks for all the info i actually think you're right and i'm probably infj , just repressing my fe because of social anxiety from non type related issues in the past . from what you've said , it seems ... added a video of speaking maybe it can help , prob not but w / e lol short awkward video of me talking . perhaps this may help in typing me . i don't know either way , here it is ! i made a short video of just me talking , don't know if it'll help any i'll post it here to the thread asap . yep , and that would seem like a good fit tbh . i think what happens is i think i'm providing enough info for people to really understand what i'm trying to say without having to get into every little ... with close friends , i don't have much problem communicating . takes me a while to get to that point though , i need a really good read on the people i share things to in person / inreal life . so i only ... i was more-so relating it to socionics subtypes more than anything , just that an infj-fe would be almost heavy using fe as ni and the infj - ni almost forgets about fe most of the time , and have ... that's super interesting i just finished reading all you said . i would agree , infj / intp it can get a little blurry . if i'm infj i would have pretty weak fe because i'm concintrated on the ni / ti ... and bump again . oops forgot to link it sorry didn't read the op but i did the title and i'm drunk myself . hmmm honesty ? firstly we much address how we defining honesty , then we may proceed . i will make an assumption on the typical definition ... 145 le-bump retook your questionnaire with a clear head . if you have a moment check it out , either way thanks . as i said in the questionnaire i am an artist , so here are a few of my paintings and drawings , maybe it'll give you some insight in my personality or maybe you'll just enjoy them . either way , here ... thank you very much , things are getting a little better for me . will take some time , but any improvement is improvement . i'll be lurking a good bit . i retook that questionnaire in the whats my type ... so much awesome it hurts in a good way . not infp most probably though just a bored intp slithering around the forums and posting this where it seems ... ditto , think it has to do with family rubbing off on me mother isfj sister def isfj or infj ... father estj ... only p in the family and it hurts bad . some person . antihero's or gtfo . that's just me , overly good or bad people are just boring as fuck . such questions are beyond my reasoning i apologize . but only a little . also just to note . i've grown up in a house off all nj and tj . mother is isfj father is entj and sister is infj only one in my family really that comes off at all p over j . my p sorta sticks out like ... i puked in my mouth . we are all confused . '