' the fridge and the buzzing of my roommates phone . have you ever done extracurricular programmes such as extra courses , an honours college or whatever it was or is your school or university offered ? were you asked or invited to do it ? what was your ... when i was a child , people often said i had a very monotone voice . now people never say that to me , but that might be because i don't talk a lot . i would love to draw if i wasn't so terribly bad at it . i think i would enjoy doing other art-things too . i don't really have favourite books , but i did quite like one hundred years of solitude by gabriel garcía márquez and the plague by camus . i've read norwegian wood , kafka on the shore and 1q84 ... when you had your first social conversation of the year and it was quite difficult and awkward , even though you thought of various subjects for such conversation lately , just to be prepared . i don't play video games or watch anime either . i do like some rts games , rise of nations and defcon , but it's months ago i last played . i like some parts of it , e . g . some of the food and some christmas music ( maybe 3 songs and an album ( funny looking angels - smith & burrows ) ) , but would prefer it if those were just time of year or ... my first thoughts : - couldn't it be pressed accidentally very easy during handling / shippig ? - would the adding of the adhesive strip cost more during production then the 15 % cardboard saved ? also , i ... i don't do sports , but i consider running or swimming for when i move out from my parents , i think i might like it . when reading wikipedia leads you to philosophical ideas you already sort of figured out yourself . i myself have compared this to a rubber band between two things ( not thighs , though that would be ... would existence of god make life have meaning then ? if yes , how ? i use electrical energy to generate particles with the speed of light every day . unless they're waves . la haine used to be on youtube with english subtitles , but now i can't find it , only french versions . i don't understand french , but anyway : not ... the system . no , mostly because i don't promise things , and secondly because i don't like the trouble afterwards . i recently watched night train to lisbon . i think the main character , raimund , might be quite a typical intp . i use onenote for that . it's like a huge sheet of paper . the one direction album take me home . i was interested because my young cousins like it and i heard about it before , but never ( consciously ) listened to it . it's quite okay , but i don't think i'm be ... man who wants pretty nurse must be patient . i don't know how patient i am . i don't like waiting for something it isn't necessary to wait for , but if i know i have to wait it isn't a problem . i yearn ( not sure about yearn , maybe more would like or would prefer ) for not being condemned . whether that comes as social acceptance or as indifference from others doesn't matter to me . i am anarchocapitalist , marxist and social-democrat ( with green tendencies ) ( somewhat like the nordic model ) , all at the same time but not in any way combined . in a way it is cognitive dissonance ... my middle name is my paternal grandfathers name , some of my cousins have it as their middle name too . 1 . i don't have a favourite colour . indifference . 2 . i don't have a favourite animal , i like various sorts of animals . 3 . the spot on the couch where i always sit . quiet , [ adjective describing that ... i made a rule for myself to go to bed at midnight ( except on fridays and saturdays , i don't have to get up early after those nights ) , because if i don't my bedtime would get later and later . i voted 19 , i'll probably move out next month . i'm reading war & peace . i like it a lot , but it is very long . that's why i often read some 100-200 pages every time i don't have other books i'm reading . i'm waiting for karlology and the moon is a ... various options , depending on the situation mostly one of these three : - i don't want to do it , so i ignore their advice - i was already going to do what they advised me , so it doesn't matter ( in a ... like this : this trick ? i like languages . i'm a native dutch speaker , learned english in school (8 years ) and on the internet . my german ( school , 6 years ) is also reasonably good , and i had french and spanish for 3 years , ... 14 : blushed : additions and multiplications went well , but i'm terrible at dividing . the reason of some of my answers : circles are boring . just a singe line around one single point , always on the same place , going nowhere . blegh . then i had to choose between square and ... i like the idea , but without friends , you don't need to avoid them . also , google + is jealous . i googled what foursquare was , and one minute later i got an email asking me to add a profile picture ... happened to me too . and on the first test i got 4 and on the second 2 or 3 , i might or might not have made a mark by accident . but i do look like a human , that's enough to convince them . not that i know of , but there is someone with the same name as me : frustrating : i ask questions * to further refine my opinion or meta-opinion * * and about what implications a certain standpoint on a topic has on related topics . i don't often give my own opinion . i hated ... i only see the second image , but that reminds me of someone who always slept on his back , but with his head hovering some centimetres above the pillow . i don't know him , but i heard it once . the man ... i'm still alright , but i'm afraid sleeping on my stomach will , on the long term , be bad for my back . so sometimes i try to get used to falling asleep on my back or side . no , it means you're a badass person . i usually sleep on my stomach . however , i once fell asleep somewhat like this : but then i dreamt i ... it's more a feeling that some are inferior . first time listening to coltrane , i like it . i outgrew caring about being a theist / atheist / agnost when i was 14 or 15 infj ( you scored 25 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 40 f versus t , and 60 j versus p ) . also figured that out myself some months ago . i once did that when i was ca . 12 . it was very amusing , but mother didn't think so . i couldn't care less , so i didn't vote . when your sj ( istj ? i'm not sure ) mother is more worried about your body than you are . you should clip your nails , comb your hair , you should go to the gp with that eczema , eat more bread '