' for a long while , i typed as infp . and for another long while after that , i typed as enfp . but now recently , i've been taking the tests again out of boredom , and carefully analyzed the ... entp , infp , esfp . i can also relate to intp a lot . gah . wisteria 1 ) these are links of two different photographs . what is your interpretation of each image ? what comes to mind when you view the photographs ? which one do you prefer and why ? 1st ... want to see what other people think my type is . i'm probably 6w7 , but i want to see other people's perspective on it , too . 1 . how would an author describe you in a book ? write the paragraph that ... my boyfriend and i are a good example ( i'm enfp , he's isfp ) . when we talk , he often usually just likes to talk about the things going on around us . like how pretty it looks outside , or something ... my isfp boyfriend and i share fi and te . i like sharing fi with him , because we understand each other on a very deep emotional level . whenever one of us feels low , the other knows exactly why . we ... i'm a little bit of a noob when it comes to typing others , so bear with me here ! 1 . hmm , lack of se maybe ? 2 . my head is sort of a mess , and the outside world is a little bit more organized ... the mbti is like your nice , caring friend that sits down and tells you about all the things they appreciate about you . the enneagram is more like that brutally honest asshole friend who smacks you ... i mean , i can be pretty socially awkward , but i always somehow get people to like me anyway so i guess that counts as charming , in a way . i've noticed this with a lot of enfp's . even if we're a ... enfp here . my best friends are isfp , enfp , infj , intp , and one other friend who i can't type . ( she seems nf but i can't figure it out . probably infp or infj . ) infj i've noticed that boredom is a common thing in relationships for enfp's . it's been a common theme in mine . my relationship pattern usually starts with me having a big crush on someone , thinking about ... i heard amy schumer is an enfp : l alassea telrunya i broke up with him . i ended up falling for someone else ; 0 ; but i guess that's not an uncommon thing for enfp's lol alassea telrunya i dated an istp a while back . we got along very well due to our easygoing natures . he loved to adventure with me . however , he had a bit of a hard time understanding my strong ... i tend to attract xxfp's often . also ixtp's . and i'd say those are the types i'm most commonly attracted to as well lol kendrick lamar seems more enfp to me but idk . tyler seems enfp as well . joey bada $ $ seems kinda infj to me . but that's just how i see them . other than that , most of these seem pretty correct to ... 1999 , enfp . sitting in the white , outside of the diagram , crying . in actuality though , probably in the center , leaning a tiny bit towards green . it's fun , but nothing really new / exciting imo . it kind of reminds me of askfm . i enjoy having one though , especially when people send me nice messages : 3 i do this too . i can't find it in me to act rude to people , even if they're being creepy . if anything , i politely dismiss them . when you talk to a fellow intuitive and somehow get caught up in 5 different sub-conversations within one conversation . infp seems about right . i could see infj , but you also seem pretty fi . entp ? maybe entj ? 1 . i'm shy around strangers , but silly and a little loud around my friends . when i'm around them i laugh at everything constantly ! ! 2 . i love adventure ! ! i live to travel and ... i would be a dragon . i wouldn't have to be shy anymore , because i'd be huge , and i could roar and breathe fire at anyone who wrongs me : 3 personally , i think it depends on how the exposure works out in the end . i myself have social anxiety so exposure has been iffy for me . in some ways , it's worked ; for example , i used to be scared ... um . i'm funny sometimes . i'm always laughing or smiling at something . i find humor in a lot of things . especially my own jokes ;) nah . everyone has their own opinions . i really don't care enough to try to force anyone to think a certain way . if anything , i'd consider myself a centrist . i tend to see both sides of a situation ... a bike . actually , i've been considering buying one . i biked a lot as a kid , and i sort of miss it . it's faster than walking , and a good method of exercise . the only thing that would suck , would be ... yeah i definitely feel this . as much as i like socializing , it needs to feel worth it to me . it needs to interest me . small talk can be so boring , and although i try my best to act like i'm ... fi annoys me . i find myself very annoyed at my own fi and other's fi . - . - te is a little annoying too , but i love how it swoops in and saves the day whenever i need to get something important ... deciding the order of these was actually pretty complicated for me . gah . 1 . ne ... it's a given . i don't really need to explain myself for this one . 2 . ni ... i overthink a lot . thought i was ... hey man ! ! :) welcome to perc . i don't do this as often as i used to anymore , since i've been becoming more trustworthy of people over the years . but when i first meet someone , i'll often mention my anxiety if it happens to ... hmm , i guess so . but i wouldn't rule out istp either , tbh . i don't necessarily need to love it , but i don't want to hate it , either . i'm mostly aiming towards just having a likable job , something i don't mind getting out of bed and doing each day . as ... i'd move somewhere cozy , near the beach and the boardwalk . i wouldn't have any high expectations for my living quarters , since living in a nice area would be good enough for me . a small house or ... i will stay loyal until it hurts me i won't let go and i won't give in and i will keep pushing till i fall to the ground i'll keep holding on , i won't give in the sun may rise on the earth's ... any type can be bitchy , tbh . but in my experience , isfjs and esfjs can be sooo passive aggressive . ; - ; isfps can also be pretty blunt and judgmental , and enfps can be judgmental & selfish as ... oh yeah . you definitely give off an istp vibe . idk why , but istps are always really easy to spot for me . that's not a bad thing though , they're one of my favorite types ! you get tired when hanging out with friends , so you decide to go home . then after one hour of being home by yourself , you start to regret your decision and miss your friends , and get so bored that ... my apologies if i've posted this already , i can't remember if i already have or not . : x so far , i've had an egg , hash browns , and oatmeal for breakfast . i always love to have a big breakfast in the morning , because i often end up being too lazy to get more food throughout the day : x i think what helps is seeing the flaws in a relationship as a good thing . it sounds a little odd , but i make sure to give the fights , the complications , the difficult times & the messy resolutions a ... this is something i do a lot . especially because i'm polyamorous . i become enamored with any cute person who gives me attention . ; - ; i'm currently crushing very hard on one of my guy friends . i can't ... hmm , you kind of seem like an infj . i love to daydream about going on adventures with my boyfriend , my crushes ( i'm poly ) and my best friends . i also daydream of being in music videos when i listen to music lol . also , my characters ... enfp - i'm shy . - i don't often take a leader role in groups / conversations . - i'm not often loud . ( but i definitely can be . ) - i don't initiate socialization ( but again , i'm shy , so i probably would ... i personally can be friendly with anyone , but it takes a little bit more for me to choose someone as a good friend . show genuine interest in our friendship . don't be afraid to initiate . i don't ... '