what i do is make a character first , and then once i already have an idea of their personality i see which type they best suit . i agree , writing someone exactly as the type is described might cause ... i write purely as a hobby , mostly on a roleplay site set in the regency period , and i often use myers-briggs in order to flesh out my characters and make them a bit more 3d . in fact , there was a ...  my dad is as big an intp as i am , and loves cosmology , cats and computers . i got him brian cox's ' wonders of the universe ' and a card showing a cat asleep on a computer with the caption ' crashed ... i have a similar sort of relationship with my parents , though they are usually more open to my arguing with them . it's always been that , if there is a place where i could put more work in then ... i find some hope in the quite high probability that he was just trolling . even so , yuck beyond yucks . i had this convo a while ago ; i knew saving the screenshots was a good idea . i'm basically paraphrasing sheogorath from the elder scrolls iv : oblivion , though towards the end i just start making up ... i seem to have the bizarre ability to seem like i am flirting with guys when actually i'm just engaged in conversation with them . several times , someone has got the impression that i was obviously ... i first made my username when i was 11 and was hero worshipping / slightly in love with a girl called ginny . thing is , once i had used the username for a while i began to be known online as ... i am really pale . i know a few people like this , and it can be especially tricky to know what to do when you know that someone is attention seeking but they also have real problems . how does one respond to the ... i flip flop on this one . firstly , i think that at any given time there is an optimum course of action for someone to take , in which the least people are harmed ( and to the least extent ) and the ... hmm , yes perhaps spending more time in an environment in which awareness is vital helps to strengthen it . i know i've become much less clumsy with lap equipment over the past two years . like many intps , i have difficulties with paying attention to the world around me ; i have often said that the world inside my head is much more engaging than the physical world , so sometimes i forget ... i don't drink , but my friends who do have concluded somehow that if i did , i would be a weepy drunk . i guess they think i'm too repressed not to start crying once my inhibitions are lowered . i wonder if someone who has already researched the mbti and knows the traits they're looking for is likely to subconciously pick the answers which suit the type they already think they are . or are ... i went to 9 schools in total , but i encountered bullying at most of them . i think i had a demeanour which attracted that kind of stuff - i was rather stubborn , so if i thought something was unfair i ... ( i posted this in the articles section by mistake , so i'm reposting this here ) i remember there was a thread a while ago about how we wanted people to see us , but i'm also interested in how the ... because autism is on a spectrum , there are plenty of technically neurotypical people who have a significant number of the symptoms , just as there are technically autistic people who are high ... i have aspergers ( diagnosed officially when i was 9 years old ) , and i'm also an intp . obviously not all intps have aspergers , but there are some traits of intp-ness which are also aspergers traits ... i have read that children generally can't be typed as s or n until about the age of 13 , an example of this being this written at the end of a portrait of an itp child : adult personality types ... within the parameters of a world where i , gender and the mbti exist , i am an intp female . well , i did cherry pick them somewhat . the chess one is good material for bragging though :P i must admit , that made me lol . there are dozens of reasons why i love this film , and one of them was the massive intp vibes i got from hiccup . ti dominant summed it up pretty well ^ ^ ^ i usually don't like it because i give relatively little value to being ' smart ' . it's useful , sure , but not nearly as admirable as consientiousness . someone can be smart but get no where because they ...  ( i'm the one with the huge plaster on my knee ) also , because i am a show ... italy , north - esfp germany - estj japan - in_j ? america - enfp or estp england - intp ? france - esfp russia - infp , possibly with a dom-tert loop ? china - ? ? ? people aren't either good or bad . it's just a pity that by pointing this out i have been put in the ' bad ' category . i hope for your sake you never realise how messed up this is . ( this actually ... this is very familiar to me ; at times i can be distressingly unwilling to commit myself to a definite side . i agree that , because there's always a chance that i could be wrong ( and at times the ... i don't set out to ensnare people . i'd just rather hold an opinion which has withstood criticism than one which has not . so i am concerned with the truth in general , and playing devil's advocate is ... do any other intps have problems with playing devil's advocate too much , perhaps in situations where it's best to leave well enough alone ? i won't go into details , but i recently ended a friendship ... i'm currently in some conflict with someone who might well be an infp , and who was once a very close friend . i think a lot of our problems are caused by my difficulty understanding fi . it helps to have a j in your life who can pester you when you start to slack off . ^ this . seriously . ditto post aside , i tend towards low self esteem , because at times i know i'm underestimating my abilities / worth , but because i don't know how far from the truth i am scared to ... agreed . i don't like to give my emotions power over me . i know they will at some point , but i'd rather underestimate their effects than overestimate them . i actually cry more than i would like to . i don't see much value in getting emotional when a problem needs to be solved , but i am human so i can't always do what i would do if i were a purely ... i know one person who is probably isfp who basically let her fi run riot over how she treats others . she's not particularly kind , but then again she's rather unbalanced so it's difficult to type her ... i'm seventeen , which is pretty young i know , but i don't like putting my faith in the ' future me ' being much closer to a solution than i am now . even now , a lot of my friends are quite opinionated , ... when you are enthusiastically setting forth a somewhat intelligent point , which is ruined because you gestured and forgot you were still holding a drinks cup . my ne + fe does that when it's not making me paranoid . though why estps specifically ? i was going to say ' define ' boring crap ' ' . great minds think alike ? although come to think of it , that phrase is sort of an excuse for predictability . but is predictability necessarily a bad thing ... i cannot form opinions . every time i think i know what i think about a topic , i start playing devil's advocate on myself and remember just how wide the margin for error is , and how bad it could be if ... i have aspergers ( diagnosed aged 9 ) , and i'm an intp . i first tested as an intj , and my friend pointed out how a lot of the traits listed under intj were associated with autism , and i've noticed the ... ah , i remember when my little sister decided to write her diary in code because i kept reading it . i cracked it using cribs ( expected words ; like , ' dear diary ' at the beginning of an entry ) , ... here's something which might be an intp thing : when i watch tv , if a character pulls a particularly interesting face , or says something a particular way , i always find myself copying them . the funny ... i am hereby requesting your permission to , if and when i create a time machine , go back in time and arrange for my younger self to be sent to your school . i think i may have been somewhat saner as a ... i can be hypocritical in the ' don't do what i do ' kind of way . for instance , i get really paranoid that people are talking about me behind my back . however , i have another friend who has the same ... i've been wondering about this too . i had a somewhat disrupted childhood too ; parents were unhappy , then divorced , i lived with my mother for four years until things got so bad between her and me ... yeah , i chameleon entp a lot . i enjoy going on weird and wonderful trains of ne-fuelled thought . i sometimes go infp too , though oddly enough usually that's not so much chameleoning ( because when ...