' no thing is perfect without a doubt but nothing — that is another story entirely i ’ ve been told by a number of people that i have “ feminine ” hands . especially when i ’ m speaking . i suppose my gestures are less than masculine … although i couldn ’ t tell you how . thank god for the ... mine was described as an x93amble , x94 because the word x93stroll seem [ ed ] too purposefulx 94 . i ’ m still alive . question number one at every therapy session : “ how are you feeling ? ” and i didn ’ t know how to answer . ever … now i know why it was such a complicated question to me . most definitely . it's much easier to say things that are short and profound . but i have to work those over in my head for a long time , so i am quiet in classes or at parties . i have figured out ... ix92m curious what methods infps use to get out of a creative blockx 97whatx92s been successful , not successful , et cetera . in particular , what does one do to just play around ? have fun ? it sounds like a ... hazey jane i by nick drake . i havenx 92t posted enough times to be able to link itx 85 it was for a silkscreen class — so i was working out what which parts would be what colors … i like to push the tired old man look pretty far . a storyboard . yes , that is in english . 80441 hello . here is a self-portrait drawn with my opposite hand . 80440 ... let me interrupt you for a second ... i need to check my text messages . ... damn ... i forgot my watch at home . ... so ... wanna make out ? completed : a clockwork orange angela's ashes brave new world everything is illuminated extremely loud and incredibly close girl , interrupted fahrenheit 451 fear and loathing in las vegas la blogotheque : home of the fabulous , concerts à emporter ( take-away shows ) . videos of various musical artists ( a good selection for infps ) performing unorthodox , concerts , in france ( exempli ... are you stoned ? you're so calm ... about everything ... ... about me : that's derrick . ... when my friends are all introducing themselves to someone ... i let them do it for me ... ... kryptonite ... if i read into this , i would say , myself , as has been mentioned previously ... at face-value ... heights . haha . derrick ... dear sparkle ... ... yes . let's hear about yours , though ( assuming that having one was the reason for the thread ) , if you wouldn't mind . derrick in case you couldn't guess ... lately , i've not been too fond of my last name ... ... perhaps it's time for a change . cullen is my last name ... unfortunately . i've gotten that a lot so i'm used to it . ... quite spot-on actually . thanks . i admire your beard . i thought the same thing my first day in there ... at breakfast some old lady was yelling that her food was poisonous ... don't we all ... it's a good thing . i haven't felt like this for about half a year ... update ... ... i went to see my psychiatrist today . i didn't get officially diagnosed as having attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , but was prescribed adderall ... ... i love it . i just ... i had one for a while ... ... but she fell in love with someone else . you're certainly welcome here . your thread seems like a difficult situation . i'm sorry . back on topic ... being an enneagram type four with a five wing makes me more accepting of my infp ... very good advice . will i actually apply it ? who knows ... ... but thanks . what brings you here ( just curious ) ? a struggle . one thing that would make it better is having a friend who really shows interest ... someone whom i can trust actually wants to know about me ... someone who will make that first move ... hah . myheritage decided that i look seventy-one percent like vin diesel ... can't everyone just be friends ? i like singer-songwriters ... acoustic stuff ... ... it just seems so sincere when it's one person and their instrument ... black eyed dog on vimeo please watch that video ... ... my latest avatar . derrick nineteen . an awkward age . creating ... i enjoy playing just about any sport ... ... my favorites are ping-pong and yoga ... here is another song of mine ... i can relate almost exactly to what you said about needing quieter places to talk with friends . as for friends ... ... i think that i only have two in everyday life , many acquaintances , a therapist ... it did give me a wider perspective on the human condition ... and it was quite the experience being admitted to a psychiatric ward ... it's much better to be crazy . hah . both times were for being ... personally , i have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder ... just last spring ... i'm sure that everyone knows what happens when one is depressed ... i've been in-patient at two separate ... i'll be dead . my therapist told me that artists are more prone to mental illness ... infp's are very creative ... just a thought . thanks for that . the thread needed it . derrick i think that maybe everyone in there secretly wishes that someone would approach them , but they are too afraid to do the approaching themselves ... i just wanted to thank everyone for posting ... right now i'm working on accepting my condition ... i thought it was a good post ... ... it's a shame to see it disappear ... ... but i completely understand why you did it . derrick what have you been either diagnosed with or believe that you have ? explain a little about what your issue entails ... what is life like living with your disease ? what benefits or drawbacks are ... thanks a lot . unfortunately , i was completely ignored after e-mailing it . i was quite hurt . i'm gonna lay things on the line ... ... ... there's a lot of things that i want to say to you . there's a lot of things i want to do . there's a lot of things i wish i could take back , but i ... ... thanks . i never thought much of my singing ... ... i would record my other songs , however my roommate is in here with me right now ... it might make an awkward situation . you should ... an ode ? a sonnet ? maybe a limerick ? '