' : kitteh : for the win ! i've always been a cat person . i do adore dogs though . poms , pugs , schipperkis and boxers are among my favorites . can't say exactly what's going on , but i've had similar experiences from about age 9 on . for me it seems to be trauma induced or at least exacerbated by trauma . i'm curious .. do you suffer from ... john carpenter's the thing lars von trier's antichrist dancer in the dark also by lars von trier ingmar bergman's films gaspar noe's enter the void new house yay ! ! this fucking song . it kills me every time . i love it ! ! there's been a whole lotta rainbow barfin ' goin on here lately . settling isn't really an option for me . settling would be a kind of death in itself , imo . i suspected avc as well . i was just talking to somebody yesterday saying that i suspect ( s ) he is a very wounded infp . i was wondering why no one cited poe as well . here goes .. poe and rilke . i recall back in high school , in my journalism class , we were studying edgar allan poe for about a period of two weeks ... wired and tired the way i'm feeling now . i must admit i'm new to kayo dot , but from what i've heard , i dig it . also my friend , ( an intp who is all about typology ) is a friend of toby's and says the man is definitely an infp . he's been wrong ... so glad to see my first love , thom yorke , as the subject of this thread . that man is the poster child for infp's . i saw my second love listed too , but alas , i don't think maynard james keenan is ... .. test run one second later fail that is lovely . it made me a bit teary eyed i admit , especially the part about his weight reminding him of the privilege to take care of his princess . actually i know this exists , but once again , i'm ... acey thank you . i don't know if i still believe it , but i at least still have hope for it :) ah , the voice recorder .. ! brilliant ! and i will look more into this mindfulness . ever since reading the power of now i've been dabbling with mindfulness techniques but like you , i kept getting ... single for just little over a year . a knight in shining armor came to rescue me knowing full well that i was sick . ( ptsd ) he treated me like a princess and asked me to join him in his castle , ... chasingdreams great suggestion ! i was in a yoga and tai chi class for a year so i can definitely start incorporating these practices again .. eh maybe not the tai chi so much , but still . also i've ... eh , i'm not looking to end up in that grave yard i mentioned any time soon . i am seeing a pattern though . that rendezvous between the subconscious and conscious ( i like the way you put that ) seems to ... babieca i'd like to do the long walk at night thing , but i'm a girl and that can end badly . i think i am going to be in the right / write :P environment for writing fairly soon though as i'm moving a ... and as for the songs / creative writing snippets or whatever they are ... does any one write , but as you're writing you hear music accompanying it ? it's basically like i'm writing a song , but i don't ... tell me about it ! i have this sinking ship theme going on right now in one of my songs / creative writing snippets / whatever and i haven't finished because i just keep re-tooling it . i have about 7 of ... i've been trying to get back into writing for some time now and fortunately it's all coming back to me except the inspiration strikes me as i'm trying to fall asleep and / or back to sleep . as you'd ... right now it feels like everything is fine . it's a nice feeling , i'll try not to ruin it by questioning it . crikey ! that link gave away entirely too much information . it appears i don't know how to upload pics anyways though i can upload videos . poo don't knock it until you've tried it . i find the urge to kill is much less after a few intense rounds of eft . ( emotional freedom technique ) i'm wondering if i made the right move . literally . i feel spent and am lacking the energy to do things i know will benefit me such as various acupressure techniques to relieve stress and bring me ... to answer the op's question , yes i do . it's a huge factor in why i'm single again . i've often been told by others if only you could see yourself the way i see you . it truly is ridiculous , yes . and i suppose me abandoning it could be seen as ridiculous too , but fb is just so surface to me . there's no real community to it . it makes me cringe . i abandoned mine back in december . the reason i joined is because my boyfriend was so excited to change his status to in a relationship with ( my name ) he wanted to show me off in a way . well now that ... that's sweet of you . thank you :) i think it will this time bitter-sweet , maybe ? tomorrow i'm moving . i tried to make it work here , but it got to be too much . making my way back to california in the morning . i know it's best for me right now . when not having nightmares or experiencing hypnogogia / sleep paralysis , then , yes . i rather enjoy sleeping and my colorful dream life . another one for maynard james keenan thom yorke of radiohead robert smith of the cure i can relate . my heart was torn apart a little over a year ago , but i was coping fairly well until the beginning of this year when my entire world started falling apart . mentally , emotionally , ... i'm a fan of the fish and the soft lighting as well . welcome :) this may be a dumb question , but what are ghost pages ? i clicked the links you provided , but am still not making the connection .. as a child , on your birthday , before blowing out the candles , you wished for your stuffed animals to come to life and that if your wish was pure and from the heart , that it would actually happen . a friend of mine thinks i used to be a shaman or related to one and that i was of mayan or indian descent . my therapist thinks i may have been a side show freak or a burn victim . how anti-social am i ? well , letsee .. i found personality cafe while i was looking up avoidant personality disorder . i don't know about an estj infp romantic relationship , but i think it could work . one of my best friends is an estj . i've known him since i was 15 . you wouldn't think we would get along as well as we ... i've been dealing with varying levels of this since about age 13 , maybe ? there is not one night i don't have vivid dreams , which isn't so bad , but when sleep paralysis and and hypnogogia set in , ... yeah , i think i know what you're getting at . i call it ' going through the motions ' . i don't despair too much over it because i'm at least not in an anxious state , like you have mentioned above , but ... pee-wee herman i couldn't stand that skank miss yvonne ! : angry : stefan p indeed . gotta love alex grey ! redirect notice did it work this time ? ? eh , kind of .. anyways it's either that image or gustav klimt's the kiss . thin hourglass dono my measurements though yet , another female infp here . hola . '