' this got a little bit off-topic but i don't mind because i love typing disney characters and i feel kind of silly posting this to begin with . i agree that i am an infp , but i was doing this thing ... oh , i didn't leave out the main princesses . i just referred to them as the 6 main princesses so i didn't have to write their names out individually . i was under the impression that belle was an ... before i begin , i feel i should point out that i realise this probably doesn't belong here because it is not really about the mbti or enneagram or psychological personality typing systems . but this ... yeah . after that little brain loopy i went on , i got like eight books on the subject and was reading through them last night . after a thorough investigation and a lot of reading , i agree that i am ... i swear to god , i hate being a perceiver . i can never settle on any damn thing . just when i was convinced about my type , a bunch of things came up that started to make me question it again . for ... well , like i said , when it comes to paying attention to the external world , i am sort of in between . again , it is like belle's stroll through her village where she is engrossed in her thoughts , but ... thanks so much liquidlight . this was unbelievably helpful . i am pretty certain i am an infp now after out discussion . i definitely lean more towards ne and si than se and ni . and i definitely know ... another thing i thought would be worth mentioning is that i read somewhere the se functions sees and remembers objects as they are while si functions sees objects but touches it up slightly , ... okay , i think i get it . just one more thing . how would one perceive their inner mental world . i'm slightly confused on that point because the very nature of perception ( at least the way i ... okay , so i tend to do this thing where i am watching a film or tv show and every so often , i will pause and let my mind imagine different ways the scene could have gone or will go . i insert other ... i'm starting to see the difference now . out of curiosity and clarity , what is the difference between se and ne . i know the infps have and auxiliary ne function and isfps have an auxiliary se ... i just thought i might also mention another intuitive thing i tend to do . usually when i read something i can tell the gender of the person who wrote it ( obviously without looking at the name and ... well , i definitely think that i tend to posit all the possibilities and move on from there . i'm very much a what if kind of person . i tend to look at all possible ways a scenario might go so i am ... i wouldn't say i prefer common sense to intuition or fantasy . i appreciate them both . as for experiencing intuitive feelings , i have experienced like that quite often . for instance , usually when i ... okay , so i type as an infp when taking tests ( both myers-briggs and cognitive functions ) , but i am starting to have doubts about whether i am really an n or an s . i definitely value common sense ... i don't really mean to turn this into a discussion of type , but i have been questioning whether i am an infp or an isfp and am having trouble telling the difference between n and s . from what i am ... i think that is the perfect way to describe how i see the world too . i don't suffer from the illusion that humanity is all wonderful and honourable , but i do hold some flickering hope that they can ... i read on numerous occasions that the nfs are very idealistic and optimistic in their view of people and the world . they think that the world is an innately good place and people are all good and ... i was just thinking today how many superheroes usually have powers that fit their personality . not always , but sometimes . then it got me thinking what types of powers would each of the mbti types ... i was just thinking today how many superheroes usually have powers that fit their personality . not always , but sometimes . then it got me thinking what types of powers would each of the nine enneagram ... i feel like when it comes to the concept of batman , he is very much a 5w6 . he is known in the dc verse as being a spectacular detective and is is described as remarkably intelligent . he is quite a ... kiki's delivery service is one of my favourite films because i feel it is a movie about myself . i identify so much with kiki . there is not one aspect of her that does not apply to me ( except of ... i'm not sure , but i don't even know if the two types are compatible . i recently got into the enneagram and was debating on whether i was a 5w4 , 4w5 , or 9w1 . i was having difficulty however and so i ... thank you . :p roud : it is at least comforting to know that some people can relate to these problems and i am not alone in that regard . it already helps me feel less isolated . i can't tell you how ... well , that is true . my infp friend is my best friend ( though she is currently far away from me in israel ) , and it took us all of 15 minutes to become super close . i honestly only found out she was an ... although i am grateful for all of you guys for making me feel less alone , i totally agree that internet relationships aren't enough to satisfy a desire for connection and friendship . i think the ... i am currently in the middle of my second year in college and i am sorting out a whole host of complicated emotions about my friend , both old and new , and my ability ( or lack thereof ) to make ... i sometimes wish that someone would physically attack me so i would know what it felt like . on the same note , that would also give me a reason to attack the person back . then i would also know what ... when you feel very antsy and uncomfortable riding in anything that is pulled / carried by an animal / person because you don't think that animal / person should have to carry your weight . you would much ... you too ? ! : crazy : i cried at the end of prince caspian as well . how on earth could they voluntarily leave narnia . : crying : i could never do it . and it doesn't help when the music really drives home ... why would someone try to ban free hugs ? ! if you ask me , i think everyone should go around hugging random strangers . what a great world that would be . : laughing : why on earth wear people cheering ? ! i was practically in tears . i knew he would become darth vader no matter what , but i couldn't help but hope against hope that he would change his mind . kudos to ... oh boy . this reminded me of a show i watched yesterday . do you know those times when your friends find out that there is this person ( most likely it is you or another infp ) who firmly believes in ... lol ! wrong place to post that question . if anyone on this forum has an answer i too would be grateful for some insight into this foreign practice . why on earth do so many people enjoy getting drunk ... when you cry at the end of prince caspian because you don't understand why they have to leave . : sad : ( just watched it recently and those 4 kids must have the willpower of gods because i don't think i ... i do this all the time . i don't know if it's only the infp's who do this . if it is , that is really sad . some of my best moments are spent walking somewhere completely enveloped in my own thoughts ... in true infp fashion , the sympathetic idealist emerges . : happy : i'm right there with you . sometimes i wonder what these corporate executives are thinking when they ... i don't know ... abandon a ... i honestly don't think there is anything wrong with this . i don't really understand the stigma of porn or why people think it is disgusting because , lets face it , serious romantic relationships ... i'm not sure if people notice , and if they do , i'm not sure how many really appreciate it . for example , i love those times when a strong rain is coming and you can kind of sense it coming hours ... you know you are an infp when ... * you love art but you cannot suffer through a formal art class because you prefer to draw the things from your imagination instead of something that is already ... so absolutely true ! mine gets longer before it gets shorter . this is a personal peeve of mine . i totally respect gay relationships and if two characters on a show turn out to be gay lovers , i am absolutely fine with that ( we need a more diverse representation ... oh god ! thank the lord i'm not the only one like this . i don't drink at all , and my friends are constantly trying to get me to have some kind of alcoholic beverage . i always tell them it's ... i don't think there is anything wrong with that . i used to be the same way before . but eventually i did meet someone ( my best friend ) who i love to death . admittedly , as an infp i still need my alone ... oh boy . i know both of these situations so well . my mom likes to move around . she can never sit still for too long , which is why she makes a bad movie-going buddy . so she used to come into my room ... i am totally fascinated by anti-heroes too . i think its because infps are all about redemption , second chances , and seeing past the exterior evil to the interior good of people . this is why beauty ... when your fantasies are so real that you aren't sure how much of your memories actually happened and how much you imagined and / or edited to make better . this one might just be me being weird , but i'll post anyway . when you were a child and had a huge identity crisis over your gender because you were wondering what exactly makes a boy a boy and a ... i saw a clip of this movie and i couldn't stop crying . this song is so hauntingly beautiful . its these small acts of complete and utter kindness and love that convince me the world can be a beautiful ... my aunt got really worried about me once because my eating and sleeping schedule isn't really a schedule . i had to tell her that i eat and sleep when it's most convenient ( a . k . a . whenever i want ... '