' i dance goofy and say quotes from funny movies ! its very hard to express the depth of emotion i feel within during conversation . enthusiasm can only do so much and words simply don't do justice . i gave up trying long ago . now i'd rather listen . one reason i take my own vehicle to such gatherings is to leave early if i really have to . i hate being a party pooper so i will usually find someone i can talk to off to the side . i did that as well . we were out in the great outdoors and i felt like i was making a positive difference in the kids ' lives so i was completely relaxed and was able to be myself . have any of you been stuck at a social gathering / party or simply had to be around people the whole day with no where to hide and no time to ' recharge ? ' what happens to isfps when they are pushed ... i love songs that tell a story .. makes me feel like a kid again . :) age of empires 2 and need for speed high stakes kept me entertained for hours . don't really have the time to play anymore these days . group projects made it possible for me to pass english in high school . i had an absolute blast writing a script , acting and then filming on a friend's acreage ! my worst fear was having to perform in ... these are pretty sweet . i'd love to have them all around the house ! i agree . there is no perfect translation because there are so many meanings for every hebrew word . i think the kjv is the most accurate by far although it doesn't use the correct names for alot of ... i personally find ladies in vintage dresses so attractive . bright colors and long skirts appeal to me . i usually tend to dress in polo / dress shirts with black pants or jeans from europe . i think ... couldn't have said it better myself .. seems like a common trait among isfps . although it might not seem like much but the fact that the person still calls you up says alot . haha exact two habits of mine that drive the siblings up the wall ! he was born sometime in later september at the feast of tabernacles . there are alot of things in christianity that are based on pagan traditions and holidays . sabbath is another truth coming to the ... see if you can land yourself a job where you can be exposed to people or customers like retail for example . it helps when initially other people approach you with questions and you can help them as ... half the backyard is a garden .. time to move to the country ! i just love spring when they all blossom and bloom . such wonderful aromas ! i think its because of our personal values and the isfps ' desire for a deep emotional connection that we keep more to our selves as far as relationships go . i didn't give girls too much thought ... too bad building exquisite and witty things from lego and electric toy parts didn't become a career .. i would excel and probably work overtime for free ! i wish that the education system put more ... i used to have long hair and side bangs .. had no choice but to cut it after justin bieber took to the stage and had a similar haircut .. this thread makes me want to grow it out again ! this i have to say is one of my biggest challenges . i always end up procrastinating or thinking of some lame excuse as to why i shouldn't call up a friend . it's not that i don't care for them but ... i'm starting college in september and will be staying at the coed college dorms . chances are i will be sharing a room . i imagine this will be a stressful time and quite a huge transition especially ... some of the best times connecting with people i've had was either at work or volunteering . i find it really easy to start a conversation one on one when we're both working on something . i quite enjoy ... someone honest that i can trust with my inner turmoil . someone i can provide for , protect and cherish . someone with a smile to die for . :) for me , i like how they live in packs working with each other . we rarely see them out here in the prairies so i do have alot of respect for them as predators . nevertheless they are quite beautiful ... when i'm thinking about something i always seem to get what's wrong ? i also hear : when's the last time you cleaned in here ? did you hear anything i just said ? ? what's your opinion ? ... its a rat race out there ! no matter what new gadget or gizmo you got , there will always be something bigger and better tomorrow . in my opinion the less you got the less you have to worry about as ... 65 hours a week is madness ! good riddens .. i value my time more no matter what the overtime pay is . you can always get more money , but you can't get more time . if i could only find a part-time job ... can you tell me how i would identify you in a crowd ? like the others mentioned , shy around strangers , at ease among friends . rarely the center of attention for long . what would you be doing ? ... i want to go into nursing but i can't cope with the sight of blood or needles .. that limited my options as far as healthcare jobs . how did you find environmental science ? i am probably only going to ... exact reason my career in retail and sales was short-lived .. you purposely start losing a game when you sense someone else is getting upset / sad with losing .. or you have a re-match .. the best moment to pull away is the moment you realize telling them was a mistake .. when they don't take it seriously or don't give you their undivided attention .. wow i just realized how bad i am at noticing any subtle hints . other people catch on way before i notice .. tend to find out she likes me through mutual friends . i agree . i think it takes a real man to face the risk of rejection and initiate . most times if they're unavailable , they're flattered . its nice to finally get my mind off them and move on . it ... good point letsride ! its those little ' quirks ' that makes us all unique . the sooner we embrace them , the better .. sometimes we over-emphasis when expressing things because we're either a ) enthusiastic and really interested in it or b ) it has a practical application at the time . i find it hard to keep a ... it only takes one or two really good friends to make up for the rest i find . it's not that i don't care about the rest .. it's just that i have a hard time trusting them , especially if they don't take ... i found this to help alot . makes is so much easier to start a conversation . anyways nayru , i've been in your shoes . i'm friends with only 2 people from high school and even now i rarely talk with ... most definitely agree ! makes for great fun and memorable moments . classic tale dude .. i like it ! any nicknames ? hermando * male location - where were you originally born ? eastern europe where do you live today ? alberta , canada any interesting story behind that ? yes , but too long to share ... happens all the time ! ! a relationship with an e is definitely do-able given enough space and alone time . i found it alot of fun actually ! much easier to open up once you get to know her . it was all fine and dandy when it ... i get anxious talking on the phone . i start pacing back and forth . for some reason , i can't stay relaxed because i feel responsible for keeping the conversation rolling .. gosh it drives me up the ... pretty bold general statement to make .. i'm sure you can't assume all christians think that way about atheists and agnostics can you ? as far as spitting out stuff we've been told .. well everybody ... haha i actually laughed out loud reading this thread ! i simply can't see how the two relate .. isn't food like the greatest thing ever ? endless tastes and smells to try . i've been blessed ... i've been there too . i thought i would share just a bit from personal experience . it's unfortunate you're aunt and uncle feel that way . i know and i'm friends with lots of folks which aren't ... based on the definition given by b-con , i can say as an isfp that we have naive tendencies .. wisdom has nothing to do with personality types . it comes from a combination of knowledge + ... i'm quite surprised there was only one muslim post .. it seems they've over-run europe .. age discovered : 23 years spent wondering why i was so different : 10 current age : 24 i wonder if they should start teaching more psychology in high school .. it seems to bring about a more ... '