' very random thought i just had ... as an infj , which cognitive function are you most proud of ? not necessarily proud of , but which do you respect most in yourself ? i understand that this question ... i have a pretty well-developed se because most of my friends are se-dom or se-aux . how i engage my se : cooking , doing dishes ( i love doing dishes ) , laundry , driving , hiking / exploring ( nature , ... as others said , i can be indulgent but i don't have an addictive personality . i would say i indulge in weed and alcohol often , but i have never been dependent on either one . i also indulge in food ... this is gorgeous ! ! ! i agree though ! when i say they've fluctuated i mean i would go through a short phase of something but ultimately would go back to my roots . funny how it works when i was younger i played a lottt of sims & sims 2 . when i was 18 i started dating a gamer so he introduced me to the world of xbox . i didn't play many games , i'm more into mastering a few ... phlegmatic > melancholic > sanguine > choleric i think about this all the time , especially through the past few years because i've moved residences a lot ( and whenever i move my stuff i end up going through everythinggg : kitteh : ) anyway , i get ... my ex , also an infj , lifted 5 days a week . he was not naturally muscular but he worked toward a goal and he's pretty big now . do you actually believe that her job is more elite ? or are you just bothered by the way she acts about it ? i think that you should reevaluate if you're happy with your life & your job . if so , then ... 8 . this is with no make-up ( i actually think i look worse with make-up ) & hair down or braided , which is my usual appearance . it took me a long time to be comfortable with myself and in the past ... i agree with the others ! i looove dark , mysterious , and sad things .. a bit too much . but they don't have to necessarily be evil . i guess i understand where you're coming from , i partially agree . the difference between you and i is that i can easily brainstorm and find a strong reason to do almost anything . i'm an infj mom : isxj .. i can't figure it out because she's way too mentally unhealthy . ( a ton of physical & emotional trauma , current painkiller addiction ) she was great during childhood but ... 357202 feat . my super messy room 357210 feat . my perfect nephew : kitteh : i'm an observer we all say so but i know who's true . i sit by myself indulging in beer and cigarettes watching those who pass by . they tell me not to think about the bad things . how else am i supposed to prepare for the letdown ? stand still , stay silent don't tremble , he'll notice . he will prey on your learning my personality type was such a relief . four seemingly unrelated letters led me to my self-acceptance . i n f j just like that a weight was lifted . my collection of internal anxieties ... ah yes , x93stupid cunt , x94 if i recall correctly thatx 92s what you called me behind my back when you first found out i fucked somebody else . it fills a void which i do not know but i love sex i recently began seeing a counselor after wanting to for a few years . i put it off for so long because i was very particular about who i wanted to see and i spent a lot of time researching counselors ... the psychedelic explorer's guide by james fadiman and wuthering heights ... i always have a scientific book and story on deck depending on my mood i personally find neuroscience most interesting . followed by : psychology , public health , english , spanish , latin , pretty much any language , and most sciences . previous relationships : infj & enfp . infj was amazing , literally in every way ( okay well he did expect a bit too much from me ) . enfp was wayyy too overwhelming ( he also had adhd so it just would have ... february 2 , 2015 i'm scared i'll never recover . it's been about 10 and a half months since we officially ended things . why do you still take over my mind ? i wake up every morning thinking of you ... i have a crazy high sex drive .. at times . i go through phases ( like a couple months at a time ) of always wanting sex / physical intimacy and then i won't crave it for another couple months . and on the ... i was really hurt , and i couldn't pretend i could handle it anymore . i can finally speak , unfortunately not to you i miss him . ix92m here and ix92m waiting and i want to cross paths , but ix92m scared . everyone around me looks so at ease . not exactly stress-free , but ... if you ever wanna talk to someone feel free to let me know ! i'll listen to whatever you want / need to say . <3 33 i think we're the same person ... 261354 by far the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me . and from a fellow infj 9w1 , which means the world . this is so cute i'm getting emotional : kitteh : hahahahah sports ... oh that's alright , i'll bring in the dramatics . january 24 , 2015 so last night was rough . don't get me wrong , i love my roommates , but they're just not people who can fully understand me . i ... hahaha this is totally me , i'm the only one who recognizes my passive aggression so it makes me feel better but still doesn't effect any of my relationships . i respond to gratitude / thanks with no problem , mainly because it really is no problem & i enjoy helping people . when i'm being praised or complimented i usually fall into this internal bubble of ... this is a huge generality because i am definitely not saying that i always prefer the known over the unknown . but , i do always tend to prefer music / movies i've heard / seen before . does anyone else ... i'm infj enneagram type 9w1 the worst nightmare i've ever had occurred last week . i found out that my ex had died and i completely freaked out . my dreams are unnaturally vivid and it felt way too ... two of my very close friends are estp and esfp . the esfp is my roommate and i'm glad i have him around because he's always ready to go out and do something ( and i usually wouldn't unless he convinced ... i'm sure this thread has already been created somewhere but i couldn't find it . i'm curious to see who infjs consider their best friend . what type is your best friend ( s ) . i've known my type for a few ... that's messed up ... i'm 20 years old and if i could do things my way i would want to start having kids in the next year or two . since i was reeeally young i've wanted to be a mother . that's my number one life goal : to ... i love tattoos and piercings ! i never judge people based on their body art ( if you have tattoos , cool .. if you don't , cool ! ) i've chosen to not get any piercings solely because i like roughhousing ... 241482 summer 2013 241506 summer 2014 & i'm not wearing make-up in either of these ! in no particular order : spain iceland new zealand peru india tanzania italy czech republic how many of you have experienced love ? real , deep , passionate , overwhelming love ? and with what type ? ! i have experienced it and it's definitely , in my opinion , the most amazing feeling . it was ... i've been doing this since childhood ! i observe people constantly and analyze their movements and expressions . and i'm a neuroscience major ! i was wondering if anyone else has a family that completely doesn't understand them , and probably never will . i've felt this way most of my life and it's something really difficult to live with . my ... stressful , lonely , crushing . '