' what is the oddest form of travel you have experienced elephants . do you know anyone famous ? yes , but famous for me need not be famous for you . what is the most dangerous animal you ... what kind of people are you usually attracted to and how do you deal with it ? intelligent and ambitious . i find extroverts fascinating and intriguing . is it the appearance or the personality ... one of my coolest dreams - sort of like mr . and mrs . smith but without the romance part . so this guy and i are sent to kill each other . everyone thinks we are best friends but the moment no one is ... never drew anything that looked realistic . you could say abstract stuff inspired by reality . 3d geometrical shapes that overlap and intersect each other is my favorite form . or i drew women from ... haha .. yes female programmers do exists :P as one user noted , it's quite possible that we are common in game dev units . many fellow programmers that i know of seem to behave like me - messy , ... i don't . kpop is popular and i like kpop . hating something for no reason is a stupid move . if you hate it , at least have a good set of reasons . but , in their defense , most popular things tend to be ... furbies rule ! ! even the governmental organizations are scared of us ! a ) what phone model do you use ? - samsung galaxy s2 b ) how do you hold your phone normally ? - either left or right unless i'm playing games . c ) what do you use your phone for ? - calling , whatsapp , ... 1 - is there any thinker wishes to change ti into fi or fe ? what type would you choose , and why ? quite content with myself , flaws and all . 2 - do intp find difficulty in treating with highly ... haha , i completely understand you . and you know what , lets put a little bit of blame on linux too for being too attractive . i respect your skills and we need people like that . as far as i am ... nfs underground : serenity : serenity ( 2005 ) - imdb i don't know if its because of inferior fe but i know for sure that its the debate and argument that gets me going . ethics is an interesting field because some of it has gone through the test of time ... hey clare ! welcome to the forum :) hiya astrocat grammar-father ? ? i like your sense of humor . : smile : well , i don't know if there is any specific thread for intp career choices , but i can tell you mine - computer science and i love it . i just ... yeah i know that feeling . but on the bright side , when we do smile , people love it . and nice to meet another intp female . : smile : yep , same here . anyway nice to meet another intp female . see you around girl : smile : purpleskies , i am returning the friendly wave . : smile : see you around in the forum ! hi emily ! welcome to the forum :) hello fellow weirdo ! ! gosh , we are so alike :) ladybugs and mantises ... i have spent countless hours just watching them . they are so interesting , right ? see you around ... creeping out ... likes it if things are all pleasant and fair . but has a crazy streak that comes out every now and then . it means ' morality ' . intp + 5w6 canada . i've lived there for a really long time before and i like it . if you had a chance to rename yourself , what would it be ? i completely agree . i agree ... thanks for the suggestions . 342953 i have access to all my cousin's facebook accounts without their knowledge . sadly , they are so boring that i couldn't think of anything malicious . so , i did absolutely nothing . comedians ? i like chad daniels and daniel sloss hiya intp . i am interesting ... kinda .. i think . lolita have you heard piano guys version of paradise ? law and psychology student ... pretty cool . welcome to the forum berrymuch . i like your idea for username :) hi fellow engineering student . i am planning on pursuing a phd in computer science too . welcome to the forum :) so sicily , treat you well huh ? ? do you watch korean dramas or something ? cause when they introduce themselves , they're like ' i am so and so , please take care of me ' .. anyway , welcome to the ... hiya barefoot ! you'll find many intps on the internet than in real life so you are gonna feel right at home here . its interesting to know that your went from esfp to infp to intp . in a way , its ... i've watched the first two and death note . i am gonna try out 3rd and 4th too . thanks scarlet eyes :) i wonder how good intp females are as mothers of babies . my uncle and aunt came to visit us for a few days and they have a baby girl ( my cousin ) . while my little brother ( an istj ) who has this ... right on spot pink-san got a lot of angst going on . has a bit of arrow / oliver queen personality ... pizza delivery guy part ... its so freaking true . here , take an understanding half hug * goes in for a half hug * alright .. here we go . though , i may be a little to easy to guess 1 ) l - death note 340130 2 ) light yagami - death note 340138 3 ) spike spiegel - cowboy bebop 340146 intps get matrix ! why ? ? tupac , tablo , la fouine . all genres - intp although , in my early teens , i predominantly listened to gothic and symphonic rock . bebop , death note , monster , claymore , berserk . i do the exact same thing . unfortunately for me , they don't leave me alone . instead , they are on a mission to hug / squish me forcibly . '