' like others , i've never noticed much antipathy towards enfjs in these forums , just esfjs . i would suggest the op goes through some opinion polls and searches though a large number of threads with ... that was me and an infj once a couple of years ago . the relationship only lasted a couple of months because it was long-distance and he had fairly poor mental health . i could only see him at weekends ... i despised my few months as a games tester and very occasionally i've had to do some quality assurance in other jobs , and it was just as bad . i've done a lot of data entry and i don't like it , but ... being on my own feels like coming home or returning to base , if you like . a social gathering that lasts several hours won't drain me , but being with people for several consecutive days , such as on ... why have some said that jo bennett is an intj ? i'm not disputing it , it's just that i've seen every episode and i'm not sure that there's much to suggest that she's an intj . entj would strike me as a ... you may well have read about the batkid phenomenon : bbc news - san francisco rallies for ' batkid ' miles scott , leukaemia survivor my facebook feed has a good few people celebrating how ... yes , i pace a lot when trying to figure something out . to quote ayn rand : [ there is a ] dangerous little catch phrase which advises you to keep an “ open mind . ” this is a very ambiguous term — as demonstrated by a man who once accused a famous politician ... fromtheworldup i think you mean the most ' pragmatic ' solution versus the most ideal . i focus , to my detriment , on the ideal . everything to me is a system to be improved and i can usually think ... the statements about the manifestations of inferior fi in both types was interesting . a former colleague of mine struck me very much as an entj and now i think of it while the guy , on the whole , ... i can understand why everyone so far is challenging question four , but , really , when you take the world population into account it's likely a given that an english-speaking person will be more ... some time ago i read a fascinating and very detailed post on this from an intp that was very insightful . the gist , i think , was that you have to use skepticism of their idea over forcing your own ... i've occasionally thought it would be nice to be an entj and really get shit done through greater influence and a more even approach to doing versus planning . as most have said , though , i'm ... i speak slightly formally and probably too quickly , at least some of the time . i see an extreme close-up of a marble sitting on the grass , somewhat similar to this one : . the sun that appears to be inside the ... no , i don't have any experience of attracting those types . thanks : happy : experience in life , particularly at school . school grades , conversations , my ability to write and analyze and problem-solve and so on and so on . unless you tend to fall very precisely along the ... it's worth adding that that would really be just to make him warm to you . making an intj romantically interested is a hell of a feat . i'd say all you can do is facilitate that possibility occurring : ... i'm sure even entps aren't in the mood to debate all the time . as i said in the summary , i've learned to just avoid arguing with esfjs . but you're in a different situation when an esfj has ... just want to say i find the replies fascinating , but they really hit home why it just doesn't do any good to argue with an esfj in the first place . so far the suggestions involve emotionally ... this thread is clearing lacking christopher hitchens . it needs more christopher hitchens . most things need more christopher hitchens . ah , you mean as opposed to , say , marxism , which was so water-tight in its call for extreme altruism that no-one managed to act selfishly or abuse others at all . or christianity , say , another ... ah , so i apparently did miss something a bit obvious . : blushed : thanks for letting me know ! this reply may well raise more questions that it answers , but i dated an ftm ( female to male ) transgender infj guy for a while and he tended to be quite silly and bubbly . he also had an ... perhaps i'm missing something , but given she championed extreme laissez-faire capitalism how can that be the case ? even if she had certain biases as to what's more or less useful to society ( as we ... quite so . the number of times i've read criticisms of how wooden her prose was and how unrealistic her characters were . no kidding , she was striving to get across very extreme and far-reaching ideas ... i turned 25 last week and i'm certainly not well-versed on philosophy or economics so i'd struggle to argue for the practicality or intellectual integrity of objectivism but i can answer the thread's ... program a . as someone else mentioned given we're talking about human lives i'd rather be conservative . i had dorm mates and house mates all through my four years of university . i liked the company . i lived with my parents for about a year after graduating and of course it wasn't as fun , but i ... hi , my apologies if i've missed anything obvious , but my avatar picture never seems to display whenever i post in a forum , yet my avatar picture is visible on my control panel . i'd like my avatar ... if you took an online test you may want to try one or two others or , better still , get professionally tested . ( i got to take the test for free through my university's career centre ) . regarding ... thank you for the flattery :) and i've never really been published beyond a story or two in a youth magazine when i was 15 . my childhood ambition was to be an author and even well into my late teens ... i tend to write in long complex-compound sentences and if the writing is intended for someone other than me i'll sometimes have to break the sentences up for easier reading . also for ease of ... exactly this , although i like to think i've learned sufficient tact over the years to not harm others ' feelings while staying truthful . truth is really important to me first and foremost as a ... i've been very close friends with an esfj for many years ( great banter and similar interests but , as you'd expect , unfortunately no exactly soulful connection ) , a female entj ( at least i suspect ... i'm a fair bit better than i used to be , comparing myself now having just turned 25 to , say , how i was at 17 . there's an unanswered question of whether you're referring to intjs who are out-going or ... gendo ikari in neon genesis evangelion . a handful of 14 - year-olds are burdened in 2015 with piloting huge mecha walkers to save humanity from mostly giant alien invaders while battling the deeply ... english . maths and the sciences were my worst subjects . this . also my last relationship , which was tragically short-lived , was with an infj . i didn't know such relationships had a reputation for that , but that does make sense . anyway , not to get off ... 6 ' 5 and maybe 210 pounds , currently . i'm an online content administrator for a major online retailer ( which is , to say , i look after the product pages of several major manufacturers of consumer goods ) . it's an entry-level job ( i'm 24 ... criteria ( ranked in order of importance ): 1 ) basic colour coordination ( as in the really basic question of can i tell if any items clash with each other ) 2 ) social conventions ( will i be giving a ... this guide was the tipping point for me joining personality cafe and remains the most helpful piece of mbti writing i've ever read . thank you so much , jackparrish . i've read that intjs tend to have little trouble ending relationships but will spend a long time afterwards analyzing what went wrong . in my very limited experience i have missed both partners a hell ... one of my oldest friends is an esfj ( i know this because i've had him take the test ) and i've another friend , female , from my uni days who i suspect is an esfj . the male esfj i've known since i ... that , too , sounds like a good description of what i'm talking about and why i wonder if this phenomenon , assuming it does have some validity , is more of an nt thing . that's pretty much what i was getting at , yeah . my use of the word ' reason ' may have been a little off in the op when i meant specifically that heavy drunkenness just quietens much of the ... i wasn't sure where to post this , possibly for lack of mbti knowledge , but i figure the nt forum is as good as any : do you reason better when drunk ? to expound : do you tend to approach the harder ... i've a large number of quite ' out there ' fetishes . i've never thought of it as an intj bi-product , but based on the sheer number of intj votes in that other thread it makes me wonder ... i'd ... '