' well ... that all depends on the question : what do your vows mean to you ? haha yeah . i feel there's a double standard : not that many women want to get involved with a married man , yet thanks to the porn industry - milfs are on the bucket list of every straight male above ... not going to lie . my eyes widened significantly when i got to this paragraph of your post . all the other posts up until this point on the subject of multiple partners seemed to be fairly ... you have absolutely confirmed my own thoughts and suspicions on the matter . still ... knowing and doing are two completely different things : tongue : . the knowing comes easy , but it will certainly take ... i'm sort of the same way . didn't use to be , but i developed a comfort with my emotions during my last 2 years of college . around certain topics i get emotional . i could easily hide them by thinking ... thank you ! i wish you well in your marriage , and thank you for your advice . it was definitely nice to hear from somebody with an optimistic outlook on the whole topic . lol reading the posts in this thread is about as reassuring as finding out you have a terminal disease . i kind of wish i never started it to begin with hahaha oh god ... good luck with that . how an entp reacts to commitment - 3:30 this suggestion wins . hands down . i don't know why i didn't think of it before . everyone can now stop giving me advice . i now know what i must do . i appreciate this not that i can think of . lol ! lmao ! i think your sentiments are shared by a lot of us single entps . not too worried about it , but it's something i've been giving some thought . what made you decide and settle on the partner you are with ? there are plenty of women i am attracted to and get along with , but when it comes down to it - i can always see the possibility of a ... i'm only speaking from a limited perspective on the situation , but my best guess is that he doesn't know if you are the best fit for him . that's been a huge problem with me when it comes to ... many people probably think i'm an introvert if they haven't had the time to get to know me . i used to be very shy when i was younger , but nowadays if i am quiet i'm just assessing / observing my ... sounds like you're at a pretty low point in your life right now . nothing wrong with that . i think everybody can relate , at least to a certain degree . the best advice i can give is this : 1 ) never make ... supernatural is a pretty broad term . i believe in a lot of things that most people don't , but i also don't believe a lot of things that most people do . to be sure , the majority of the human ... the only female infj i've managed to find and identify so far is my best friend's little sister . i was like , why did it have to be youuu ! ! ? ? i think people should just get their personality ... i'm right there with you , buddy . you're not the only one . i just think it's a part of our nature not to take things seriously that make us uncomfortable . what an estj might respond to with anger and yelling , we respond to with sarcasm and humor ... you single ? just kidding ... sort of : tongue : enfps will fake emotions . entps generally don't . enfps in my experience tend to be really animated , and will appear way too happy or enthusiastic to see you - they tend to act , to the extreme , how ... that's a very broad subject you're asking about . like anything worth having in life , you've got to work for it . you've got to be ready to face your fears , and accept the fact that you will fail many ... for me it all depends on how they ask . i don't respond to orders , but i'll often assist people if they request it . i've found that you can often get what you want from bossy people by simply ... it's called freedom ! hahaha : tongue : no way ! someone else into edc's and every day preparedness ! hahaha . what's your edc ? mines a spyderco tenacious for now . i love this thread . i know she's not talking about me , but it feels like she's talking about me . :p roud : i don't mean that to sound presumptuous . i'm just making generalizations . we like theories , you like facts . they don't always match up in a readily apparent way , but that doesn't mean theory isn't be logical . the thing about theories is , they haven't yet or can't be backed ... i would agree with that . i'm really picky when it comes to determining if i would start a relationship with someone . it would take someone really perfect in every aspect for me to settle . sex is ... i've always gotten along handsomely with intjs . one of my best friends and my father ( also one of my best friends ) are intjs . i will admit i have problems with giving them space , and i often feel ... how i act towards someone i am interested in has changed over time as my confidence has grown . it also depends very much on the situation and its variables . nowadays i try to be straightforward , ... i've had some intimacy with an isfp . love the girl to death , but , like said , she wasn't very good at deep philosophical discussion . she's a good listener , but she just doesn't love ... this made me lol . cool story , man . hope everything goes well for you . lol no i was asking about the accountant and attorney . : tongue : i think you should take some time to think about the person you would need to become in order to be attractive to him , decide if that's somebody you're willing to become , and proceed from there . i ... i do it all the time , but i hate when other people do it . lol i actually liked myspace more because of the customization capabilities . why does my page have to be blue ! ? there should be a button i could press to change the color of the layout . cool startup story ! about how much do those cost ? downsowf - that's exactly my mindset right now , and it's great to get some agreement and consensus from other people in the same shoes . i don't believe i'm spreading myself too thin in this case , and ... but as sighcantthinkofaname said about herself , if you ask me something you want to know , i will almost definitely tell you . i'm not keeping secrets to hide anything - i just don't go out of my way ... yeah , i change the topic all the time because that's literally how i think . it's actually frustrating at times because i'll be in the middle of one thought , and before i can finish the first one ... lol i know , right ? i swear i'll waste 10 minutes trying to decide which book i should read at any given moment - so frustrating . i don't think it's unique to just the entp women ... i've been the other guy on multiple occasions as an entp male . so annoying haha . i couldn't agree more . thanks . the biggest concern for me is my extremely low tolerance for the more boring sides of business , like the legal and financial aspects . i guess i'll just jump in , and ... subscribed . make more . i could relate to a lot of the things you were saying . : happy : thanks clon 3haz3 . good advice :) i'd like to hear your stories : how you were inspired , how you planned / implemented your plan , and how it turned out for you ... etc . i'm going to start a couple businesses this year , and i'd love to ... these pictures are spot on ! just went on facebook to compare pictures of myself vs . the enfps i know . '