' i impulsively correct others when their perception of the way the world works is skewed , and i think it gets really annoying and makes me seem arrogant ( which maybe i am a little bit ) . i often give ... i don't think it's materialistic , it's just human nature . a person can probably train him or herself to view the human body in a non-sexual way like many artists do , but this comes with time and ... in addition , a person whose weight falls within the average range can be unhealthy . the media portrays weight as being the most important measure of health , when in reality there are so many factors ... if everyone walks around naked in public , you can't expect them to refrain from having sexual thoughts . 1 . david gray - breathe 2 . dax johnson - a moment in the life of me 3 . lars winnerbäck - där älvorna dansar 4 . green carnation - homecoming 5 . in gowan ring - boat of the moon 6 . esbjörn svensson ... i relate to the girl with a map in front of her who sits exploring the world in her head and daydreaming about everything rather than go outside and see it for herself ! ! i write funny raps , comics , and song parodies for my friends . sometimes i write serious stuff if i'm in a contemplative mood . i also love doing research papers and analyzing literature for some ... in what situations do infp's tend to exercise their thinking side ? i've noticed that i become extremely frustrated and annoyed when my feeling roommate makes impulsive , emotional judgments based ... i've definitely struggled with some of the same issues as you , windswept sky , but i think that being morally offended by peoples dreams of domesticity is taking it a bit too far . having children ... thanks everyone ... unfortunately getting my own room is not an option , but getting out and doing things on my own is doable . i just need to get over my laziness when it comes to calling other ... just moved into an apartment with two roommates whom i love dearly ... but we all share a room . i cannot take this constant stimulation ... people here all the time ... i feel so disconnected with myself , ... absolutely not an excuse ! ( at least for me ... ) ever since i was a kid i was desperately trying to solve the mystery of who i was and what my purpose was . any information i come across i try to use to ... what's their relationship like ? are you married to / do you see yourself marrying someone like one of your parents ? i think my mom is an isfj and my dad is an istp . their marriage = epic fail . i don't ... when i graduated high school , my friends gave me a package of grabbers . these allow me to physically force people to come over to me and try to be friends ... i have an estj friend who i absolutely can't stand half of the time ... but the other half of the time i really enjoy being around him because the conversation is always exciting and he makes annoying ... hahaha your vids are hilarious ! ! ! i wish i had that much fun all day long : crazy : thick skin she speaks , chokes on her own hardened tone . didn't mean for it to come out that way . she wants revenge but who would know ? the makeup is working . lackadaisical she appears through a crack in the ceiling or floor ( i really didn't see ) , he slid and fell beside my feet . brief hesitation , then smile wave smile wave . eye contact lasts too long . he turns away ; do you ever feel like you have natural talents and incredible potential but can't motivate yourself to develop your abilities ? for example , i have always had a knack for composing melodies on the ... the dead sea in israel i love this because it was a complete accident - i was on a train in colorado and wanted to take a picture of the scenery , but my sister's reflection showed up in the window and it turned out pretty ... ever seen gilmore girls ? i agree that it's refreshing to gradually find out that there's more to a person than meets the eye . what bothers me is when i don't get to learn about someone at all because they purposely keep me ... i like when guys don't shave for a couple weeks , glasses , baseball caps , and soothing voices . for some reason , i really can't stand people who are cryptic or ambiguous when they speak to me . i myself am very private when it comes to personal things , but i try to act relaxed and open with ... thank you , this was very insightful ! if the function of an enfj's personal expression is to help others reach their potential or form deep relationships , it makes perfect sense that talking to a ... i have a hard time getting to know people too , but when i'm successful it's usually if they openly express their interest in me first . knowing that they want to be friends immediately puts me at ... hahaha ! you are adorable ! much appreciated . hahaaa good point . : laughing : she pronounces each word slowly . okay , that makes sense ... cause i was thinking she might be an intp ! my 13 - year-old sister is extremely intelligent and uses speech in a very sophisticated way for her age , but seems to formulate sentences very slowly and takes a long time to organize her thoughts - ... another thing - people are too concerned about our own rights rather than their responsibilities to others . for example , rather than saying i have the right to free speech we should say i have the ... having had different life experiences can't justify commiting atrocities . it may provide an explanation , but it doesn't make it acceptable . honestly , i'd have to say it's how desensitized we've become to sex in the media . i think it's apalling . it's the kind of thing i never even realized until i removed myself from mainstream american ... ' cause i'm an infp and i need to know how to spot you ! : tongue : haha trust me , it's not how i want to be . i've always been this way and it's been a source of frustration and awkwardness because i can't relate to my friends . i don't think this has anything to do ... i was definitely born as an introvert - growing up i was very shy and terrified of people . i played with other kids at school because that's what i thought i was supposed to do , but i preferred ... same here ... every time we have a family gather all my aunts and cousins will sit around talking about makeup for hours . it drives me insane and i get sooo bored . for males ... i had an infx guy ... haha ... i'm curious to see what you wrote ! today my friends were talking about which male celebrities they think are hot . one friend asked who i liked and i honestly couldn't think of anyone . i am very rarely attracted to someone without ... i really want to post a video but i don't want anyone to see what i look like in case they know me in real life : confused : so ... my solution is to show you a video of me improvising on the piano ... this isn't a movie , but nicole from america's next top model cycle 13 is probably the most infp-ish person i have ever seen in my life that's frustrating : sad : ... why are first borns expected to fail though ? i'm a first born and my parents loosened up a lot with each subsequent child because they just didn't have the energy to care ... i love cats ! ! ! i always wanted one sooo bad but my parents would never let me . when i was a kid i would fantasize about rescuing a cat from the street and hiding it in my room and taking care of it , ... i have always had difficulty making friends . i am fairly good at acting outgoing and making small talk ( even though i really don't enjoy it ) , but most potential friendships never materialize . i just ... i'm just curious to hear about your experiences . i have two younger sisters , one of whom tested as enfj and if i had to guess i would say the other is either entp or intp . i have good relationships ... agreed . my lack of self-discipline is my worst enemy . i can easily spend all day doing absolutely nothing productive . it leaves me feeling guilty / ashamed and results in very negative and ... when i was a kid i always wished i could wake up and find that everyone else in the world had disappeared . i would have the entire day to be by myself . i would go around to the homes of people i ... i've had one experience that is identical to what you're describing - feeling connected in an emotional / spiritual level , being energized by them and practically idolizing the person . it's extremely ... '