' hell ... absolute hell mine are in my signature . an oldie , but a goodie i'm currently 35 years old . when i was younger i was a tall gumpy mass of awkwardness . through my early to mid 20s i filled out a bit though and i'm looking fairly bomb now . i actually put absolutely ... . ms.entp this is a common problem for us entps . you see , we are generally so hot that sometimes the servers on the website just can't seem to handle some of the photos we try to post of ... i ended up with 98 % in favor of extrovert welcome to entp life . learn to live with it . this is how it's going to be . drop who needs to be dropped and move on . now i know what i said is completely useless at this juncture in your life ... you're right about the lack of functional debate in the relationship . the thing i've noticed though is that every relationship has something lacking from it . i've tried lots of relationships with ... what aspects of dating are you aiming this thought process at ? are we talking about being able to hook a date ? or being able to maintain a healthy relationship ? or having long term game ? ... i mean ... my girlfriend's an estp ... it's a great match i marked a vote for all the categories that were xxtp he's an estp and we've been best friends for 30 years ( with never a single argument ) . i'd say it's a pretty good relationship . this is a simple one . he likes you but knows he's not supposed to . the change in his behavior is due to him just finally coming to terms with the fact that he likes you . i went through this whole ... , thanks , that was driving me nutz what is that printed on your pillow ? i can't tell and it's killing me ... you're hot btw i just think it would be unfair and even irresponsible to deprive humanity of interaction with the greatness that is me . when i walk into a room people naturally notice i'm there . it'd be just plain ... you misunderstand me . rape is not okay . “ rape culture ” is a crock . i understand it's good intentions , but what it really does is “ cry wolf ” to the point that it trivializes the ... solid gold i'm not ignorant in the slightest of the gravity of the experience . i have a girlfriend , 2 sisters , a mom , and 2 daughters . i'm fully aware of the psychological consequences of actually getting raped ... who cares ? if he did then they should have come forward much sooner than this . as it stands now i'd be willing to bet that even if he did do it that most of the accusations are really just a bunch of ... i'd run high power electromagnets through some beams in a room and have one of my workers wear something full of metal ( i'm sure you can figure out the rest from there ) or maybe throw a remote ... i severely dislike being indebted to anyone or owing favors . i more dislike feeling like i need someone else's help to do anything because i hold myself to a standard that i'm able to do anything ... why on earth would an entp use a comeback on someone hitting on them ? here's how it usually goes responding to someone coming on to them ( with some terrible examples that get used more often than ... my vote would stand completely with the phil / lit option ahhh ... i just heard your gf ( ? ) say 好的 ... so i assumed . do you live in china also ? hey ... we're healthy ... it's just a different kind of healthy . you're right though , we do leave them off most of the time and then switch them on here and there ( although we tend to leave the ... why on earth would we ever want feelings on a regular basis ? that's just crazy talk . how could we , in good conscience , eat people's energy to feed our e and then walk away with no attachment if we ... likes : being awesome being good looking being intelligent having amazing critical thinking skills being able to bend people and situations to my will being humble dislikes : being too awesome from the perspective of recharging psychological batteries us es need to go out and engage in social activity . if it's harnessed right you can walk into the middle of a busy crowd and feel like ... best description yet first off it's very difficult to peg an entp in high school . entps have a notoriously slow development rate so they usually type as something else until they hit their early to mid 20 ' s . i'm ... well then i'm going to have to say that i'm completely not a workaholic . i could care less if i ever worked again ( assuming that all mine and my family's needs were met ) . now i couldn't sit around ... okay so let me lead this off with a brief rundown on me : i've been married to an esfp , an isfp , and a infj . esfj was as deep as a puddle in the middle of the desert ( no oasis comments please ) and ... yeah , sure man . hit me up whenever what i mean is that if the intuitive feeling you're getting is correct in its conclusions then it's right ... if it's incorrect then it's wrong . ne = i think you might be beating yourself up over nothing right now man . see here's the thing : 1 ) if you follow your intuition and you're right then you'll be sad at first for the breakup , but then ... it's sounds like you're just going through that miserable awkward self-discovery stage that all us entps go through . i think rather than looking into what a standard entp intuitive behavioral pattern ... well not exactly . while that can be used as a likely indicator of how you use intuition it is in no way a guaranteed though . i have an extremely odd function order for any type , much less my own . i ... damn skippy here you go . here's the different ways that intuition kinda works in different combinations with thinking patterns . you can have intuitive feelings in any of these fashions . ni / ti can ... i love the hell outta dancing . especially if i'm messed up . my girlfriend has had to come to the club at 4am on more than one occasion to tell me i had to stop dancing and come home . dancing for 2-4 ... i havent ' forgotten about you . i've just been really busy and will continue to be busy until saturday morning . i need to draw you a diagram for my next post to you and i just haven't had ... didn't you guys hear ... all us entps are schizoid / schizophrenic sociopaths with narcissistic tendencies and issues with reality detachment . we're also really big know-it-all jerk offs who think we ... not trying to cause bad blood man . i'll hit you up in private and we can clean up this mess . i'll let it die now ;) man please put up something a little more diverse . keep in mind here you are talking to a bunch of entps . a very large number of us are going to fall into categories that are not even ... like i said man , that's a long story . you're talking about a book , not a thread reply . let's just say that if you're given two possible outcomes for any given situation , with one being a good outcome ... i got a pretty good one for that . me and my wife were in a healthy relationship . we'd known each other since 8th grade ( though we didn't start dating until our mid 20 ' s ) and we had almost all of ... what said is the right answer i didn't want kids at all either . when i had my first one at 19 she was a surprise . unless you just don't have sex at all there are no guarantees . that's why i say it's always a factor . that's ... '