' i can relate to this , thank you . :D oh thanks for this ! i found this fun to read . i can relate with all of you estj points . the istj i know can also be very warm , but seem indifferent most the time . i've gotten : narcissism : 2.4 , 35 % above me machiavellainism : 2.1 , 23 % above me psychopathy : 1.4 , 9 % above me i have heard of that ... however , for years , i've actually wanted to be ravenclaw ! believe it or not , i find them very intellectual and elegant . but i constantly score under slytherin over and over ... that does make sense ... they both kind of sound like me , although i don't believe i'd be able to solve the riddles to enter the ravenclaw room like they do . i ask because intjs are supposedly one of the entps ' natural partners . i'm wondering if some of you get along with us . --> this is completely unrelated , but i'm slytherin as well ! thanks for your input ! i relate to a lot of the dislikes , ironically . i definitely realize that i can be too loud , when engaged in an interesting topic , but once i notice , i try my best to tone it ... understandable and logical , i'll definitely think about it ! hmm .. yeah that's what i thought as well . i do have a school therapist , but i don't feel like it's serious enough for me to spend time talking to someone professional about it . my mom and i usually ... oooh , i loove mind games . it's such a bad habit though , but i love seeing people's reactions to certain things and how they would deal with a certain situation i put them in . my sister thinks it's ... this is an interesting , yet new approach . thanks for your input ! you talk about anxiety ... i'm actually a bit of an anxious person ( not sure if it's actually related ) , but i can become extremely ... intjs , what do you think about entps ? curious ! estjs , what do you think about entps ? just curious . type 3w4s entps out there ! what are you like ? ( i tested 3w4 , curious if it's true ) actually , you're right . i'm quite observant and quick when it comes to talking about people , but it immediately becomes slow when someone's trying to explain mechanisms to me or something . definitely ... just happened again today . intp friend was talking about how he went around the school and saw the city lights at night , but for some reason my mind had thought he was talking about when he was ... oh my goodness ! i have a lot of respect istjs / estjs , although there was a disconnect with an istj previously , because he didn't care to talk about the things i liked to talk about . . . still admire ... lol oh yeah i'd definitely feel a bit bad , but not bad enough to do something about it . people who feel butt hurt about things like this confuse me , because to me , i would never expect someone to ... oh , sweet ! i thought i was just a stupid and evil entp or something when i kept scoring slytherin , haha because apparently entps are smart thinkers , like the people in ravenclaw . hahaha yeah i think i could be ravenclaw , but i'm too damn lazy , and yes definitely too snarky to be hufflepuff as well . for gryffindor , i guess i'd never see myself doing something for someone else ... hm , inventive then ? a part of me wants to be gryffindor just because of how elite they were in the book haha :( but i agree . there was a question that was like you're tired from a long day at work and your friend's car ... oh thank god ! yeah , i've read somewhere that entps are to be ravenclaws because we're all thinkers , but every time i tested , i scored slytherin . i thought i was secretly evil or something , hahaha . hahah ! says the flawless entp ^ _ ^ i do forget where i've left my car ! this happens really often , it's terrible . yeah , it's definitely an ne thing .. a part of me wishes i paid attention to more detail , but that'd just push down my ... ... oops again thanks for the input ! my thoughts : when forgetting things , the ones that really piss me off is when i head to school and i realize i've forgotten to grab the folder with my homework in it , or ... . to ' cloudy ' please ! is it just me or is anyone else ( entp ) like this ? - tripping or bumping into things - extremely forgetful - slow to understand what people are trying to say sometimes ( i need more clarity in ... what are the houses other entps have scored ? i'm not particularly a harry potter fan , my brain just loves categories :D is it just me , or do you guys also need your inner peace ? if something bothers me , i'll keep thinking about it , until i have it mentally / emotionally solved . i like driving around , cause it helps me ... generally , i just don't feel comfortable seeing people cry maybe because i don't cry during movies at all , but i wouldn't be turned off though , just intensely confused xd starting something , getting bored , and not finishing what it was i started xd i'm an aquarius , but i don't really believe horoscopes have anything to do with our personalities .. so many mixed signals from him x_x i'll play it safe and wait a bit longer .. yeah , i had a feeling that was the reason .. weird though , being his friend and all you'd think he'd try not to do things like that : s ah .. sometimes i feel like he's pushing me away , but i don't know if that actually means anything we're good friends , so i had him take the test once xd if you like anime ... suou tamaki is an enfp in ouran high school host club it's a silly show xd frankly , i'm a dinosaur who loves cake ... :) nice to meet you ! i'm new too ... :D you guys are too unreadable ! xd i find that very cool .. i imagine i'm very easy to read ... if i like someone i instantly become obviously interested - - unless of course i try to hide those emotions ... these are great ideas xd thank you ! i'm pretty sure i go through step 1 ... sometimes ... :) and yes , food is my biggest weakness ... around guys i like , i'll seem more interested than i usually am ... i'll stare .. a lot - - usually to observe his actions , because this is how i gather data xd ( if i realize he isn't too into me , i ... yes , you have a good point there ... after reading a lengthy and subjective guide for understanding a relationship with me , an istj guy , i felt a little more confident . i understand that if i don't ... unfortunately , i can't even confess to him , so i probably can't ask him for sex xd hmm .. i don't think this istj ignores his crushes , a year back he was always complaining about how she never texts him back , and he tried to spend a little time with her - - not much at all though . he ... omg xd this is hilarious , i even laughed out loud .. ! actually , i never knew that hahaha ! but , he's never even had his first kiss yet ... sex is out of the question ! omg really ? can i play now ? ! :( i'm sooo bored entertain me ! oh shoot , i forgot my / to ___ * hyperventilation * aaauuughhh i just want to have fuuun ... ! dude ! ! ! ... '