' politely , i'll say it's about working towards building structures that support women's specific health needs . anything beyond that is just more information than i care to post here at this time . ... in short : i don't . something i have worked on is to simply experience feelings without judging myself for them , and without judging them as good or bad , or as something to be overcome . when i ... recently i completed a major undertaking in my life . i pursued this undertaking partly for personal reasons and partly for greater reasons . while this undertaking lead to enormous personal ... i wish people could grow up to be the people they had the potential to be and not the people they are . i put so much of myself into you , and all i uncovered was selfishness and hate . i feel so sad ... not so much this . ( and not an effort to be dodgy either so much as wishing to retain a certain degree of privacy . ) it's a rather hard thing to explain in a generalized context . to use the race ... i apologize if this is a bit of a ridiculous thing to ask . i'm interested in thoughts or ideas on what happens when an individual experiences collective issues as personal emotions . this can be ... food : historically i've had terrible eating habits because i was so disconnected from the need for physical health . this seems like an irony considering that i'm fascinated with the body as a ... it took me a long time , but eventually i figured out that i have sort of an internal compass , which basically just means that i generally do my best in life when i sort of trust my gut . there ... ramble-riffic ! not really . usually if i'm not sure , i'll state that what i'm saying is my best current knowledge and to certainly go with the word anyone who knows better than i do . generally when ... i think it's very interesting to read what people have posted here . what is your avatar ? it's a ball with a squiggly line . what's the story behind your avatar ? i opened paint and made shapes ! ... i can think of few things more rewarding than holding the materialized culmination of an inwardly held vision in one's hand . i do experience a strong desire to connect deeply with others and yet i'm also aware of how that can feel like an intrusion on my internal space after a while . i'm also aware that in that space where ... no worries . :) i'm actually frustrated with myself because i feel like i can't get my thoughts and language clear right now . i find i'm also really having comprehension problems which i'm still ... i don't disagree with what you've said overall . i do think that the overall cultural system is dysfunctional , that people are set up to compete to have value , but i admit that i'm confused by a ... people who are hypocrites . people who are more invested in their biases than in seeing other perspectives or on becoming educated about issues . people who put ego ahead of education . enough . enough ... i think i can understand some people's frustration with this issue , but there seems to be a lot to reflect on regarding this matter of special snowflake syndrome . something that might be ... i would be more than happy to share . :) i'll make it a reward goal for getting my work done for this month . yes . i know my energy around the relationship right now feels and comes off as very ... hey there , yellow car . here's the thing . . . if other people have to pull off the road to prevent a head-on collision , you didn't have time to pass . in fact , passing a line of multiple cars on a ... one of my favourite ways to meet people in college and university has been to participate in activities i'm interested in . the benefit is that there's already the base of a shared interest in the ... hey itchaskitch , that sounds like a really exhausting and frustrating situation you're involved in . i can only imagine how difficult it could be to be experiencing these events in relationships with ... marvelous . i'll definitely have to look into this when i'm done my work for the week . it very much was . it intersected well with an area of experience . this is a question with a ... hm . i'm not sure i would necessarily define my experience with my girlfriend as not staying on topic , but more as conducting herself in a direction not conducive to the completion of her task . she ... today i was helping my girlfriend ( enfp ) with something , and i started to feel the difference in her way of processing ideas as opposed to my own . this came about as i was trying to explain something ... i'm not sure i really ever remember being a child much . i know that i very much was when i was very , very young - - about 3 or 4 years old - - but i don't really remember that lasting for very long . we ... i felt kind of lost in regards to understanding and knowing myself when i was in my 20s . at 30 i found that's not so much the case . some things i still work to try to understand better , but not ... assuming that what i'm thinking of refers to fe and ti , then no , i don't see those things as conflicting , but rather as balancing . for some reason i'm picturing the idea of a covalent bond ( as a ... i think that gatsby would be a difficult character to type generally because a significant aspect of gatsby is surrounded by the question , who is gatsby ? gatsby is a character of masks and ... hey . i thought i'd just drop a link to a website here . there is a section about mono / poly relationships . more than two | polyamory resources and guidelines by franklin veaux . i've also found some ... i'm trying to think of how i understand this . i don't guarantee this will be in any way correct or necessarily coherent . i think the way i see it is more building with things that come from ni or ... you sound so much like my partner . i've referenced him in the past as istp based on an mbti assessment he did a few years ago in a career development program , but it always felt wrong and , having ... first of all , i want to say congratulations . i've been proposed to , but it's not a particularly romantic story by any conventional standards , and was rather reflective of the entire pattern of our ... i think this is a very interesting idea . i write a lot of poetry , though now i've reached a point where i find i'm able to sustain and complete prose writing , and i've started completing short ... as much as i try to learn about relationships and communication , as much as i try to learn about people , i am always failing horribly because of how impossibly complicated relationships and people ... it depends on who i'm around . i think a hypothetical conversation with my partner illustrates this well . me : * says something to a clerk really quietly and shyly * partner : what was that ? me : what ... i secretly love performance metrics . ( i used to get excited little tingles at my old job from tracking our hour by hour sales goals , and our daily and weekly performance targets . currently , i get ... i think the idea of looking at loops is interesting . i think i understand the general idea of the difference between ni / fe interplay and fi / ne interplay , but i seem to be seeing it sort of this way : ... i have totally not done this none of the time . ( because i do this every time to every one . ) * * * not sure if this can be generalized to infj , but this is basically every conversation i have . ... in my head , i associate people to colours and objects . i think of grief as being full and depression as being empty . grief is a visitor who comes uninvited and who can't be turned away at the door . it must be fed , and cared for , made comfortable ... lumielisa , i admit , sometimes thorough is all i can offer . : blushed : lol what i mean is that i don't have any real wisdom , or insight , or assistance to share ; i just have my experiences , and ... , i want to say that i appreciate your openness here . i find myself feeling so much understanding and experiencing so many similarities , and they bring a bubble of thoughts and feelings to ... after a period of stress or difficulty , what things do you like to do to heal and recharge ? what is the effectiveness ? any reflections on how or why these work for you ? does it take a long time to ... i . . . don't know how i feel . i'm not always great at returning messages . i know sometimes i'm just in my private space and don't want to be bothered , so i turn off my cell / computer / etc . in order ... as an expression of emotion , intimacy , and trust ? yes . for its own sake ? can't do it without emotions , which contradicts with the actual drive . there's also the bashfulness to consider . ( though ... 1 . ) is there something that you've always wanted to do or have been interested in ? broadly , specifically , a journey , creation , vocation , etc ? i think the two things that have been with me longest ... hm . i personally think a lot of people struggle with emotions , generally , especially difficult ones . i don't see the world as a place where there is a high enough regard for emotional intelligence or ... i want to say thank you for the responses here . the input has given me some things to reflect on . yes . i apologize for being vague . i can't go into much detail as some things here are quite ... seeking some input . i'm in a situation right now where , after some careful examination , i find i need to loosen my emotional attachment to someone i've cared for deeply . i understand the ... hm . in terms of my family ? i don't have the best relationship with my family , and the mood at home can be unpredictable , so i only really get in touch on special days ( birthdays , holidays ) or when ... '