you're hot ! wooohoo ;) pad thai it was yummy but they forgot the peanuts ... homemade bread with honey for breakfast . i made homemade bread , it's was yummy ! 16345 again a grape popsicle , they make my sore throat feel better . yes you need to take cooking lessons . ___ grape popsicle . i had two glasses of fresh lemon water . this guy has done nothing wrong , providing links is not illegal and as the previous case that fact has tired to bring , they will lose this one as well . bit me fact ! below is a snippet from ... still fighting this flu , i hate hate i say hate having the flu ! tea with milk and a little sugar my favorite beverage other then super delicious water . just finished watching doctor who - the almost people episode . it was fantastic , i am so excited about next week's episode as we get to learn about what's going on with amy . watermelon and a cup of tea with milk and sugar . i had some delicious water , it's may favorite . homemade chicken noodle soup with bread and a cup tea with milk and sugar . i had a crab salad sandwich and a big glass of milk . i don't remember ever saying that . btw what is osama anyways ? i boiled water , it was so yummy ! :P i think it would be intense in a good way . well i'd never call my gift a psychic ability . i just call it a gift from god . tea and toast ... i have the flu . i am up sick with the flu and unable to sleep ... misery thy name is flu . toast with butter and jam , yummm ! ;) i want a simple wedding just the preacher , a witness , my man and me . i do want a great honeymoon somewhere warm were a lot of clothes aren't required , like a sun dress and flip flops . i love you ... why do smart people smoke , they are just feeding corporate greed . these companies jack up the tobacco to get them hooked and as a result killing them quicker . i hate corporate ... yes , i am sucker for sweet talk , flowers , picnics , love notes , slow dancing , mix tapes ... etc . being too honest ... i am happy but i do have a headache but other then that , i am peachy . gryffindor of course ... ;) from what i've read , i believe hitler is a intj not an infj . pirates of the caribbean ( 1 ) & raising arizona . posting : happy : keep your mouth shut . yummy hash browns hello , i am new .