' the problem i have is that you saw a small vocal part of atheists and used it to describe most atheists . then you compared most atheists , and not the extremist part , to a small group of extremists . i'm not fully seeing your reasoning here . you're characterizing a majority of a group by the actions of a few , admittedly vocal , extremists among them . to go along with your wbc reference , it's like ... i'm in awe of people who have faith and don't feel the need to press it on others , but instead embody it . with my family , i've seen my grandparents nod along to enough sermons about conversions and ... as i've come home for the summer and spent more time around my highly-religious family , i've found myself frustrated with the near-constant presence of religious sermons and radio and the like ... the issue with my dad doesn't stem from an inability to relate . we've talked a lot about his past and how it relates to things now , and i feel part of his chattiness stems from the fact that i ... 1 . become proficient in the romance languages and those of eastern europe ( i just really want to have conversations in german and russian but i couldn't bring myself to stop at two ) 2 . take a few ... when i tell people i'm an english major , they typically make the - correct - assumption that i like reading . it's sound reasoning , and i do have an affinity for the written word so i don't mind ... a unicef commercial came on . their attempt to sway me by emotion makes me resent the poor little children in africa , though i know a commercial that appeals to reason wouldn't bring in nearly as much ... i'm back from my first year of college and staying with my family for the summer , and , 3 weeks in to a 3 month summer break , and i'm at my breaking point already . i'm hoping i can get some advice on ... i know how you feel . i still chameleon with people i meet , but as i've grown i've realized that most people will accept the more subdued chameleon and that it requires less effort . rather than trying ... i made the mistake of reading more about intp cognitive functions as i fell asleep and came to a few realizations . one is that - in my mutterings out loud where i began a speech to an imaginary ... 9w1 . so , lazy and feeling like crap about it when i can muster the energy to do so . introverted thinking types ( ixtp ) emphasize the particular meanings of words and how each individual piece fits together within a concept . introverted thinking type nines can be the most introverted ... i think i'm going to stick with 9w1 , because that's the one that resonated most with my actions and motivations and , particularly , most of the things i fault myself for , which , apparently , is common ... i find the mbti more helpful because i identify so strongly with intp that there's never been a question about it . there's literature for me to find out more about my type , and i find it easier to ... i'm sorry to hear something similar has happened to you . seems like one of the best way to get us intps riled , though , is to ignore us when we're finally up to speak . nothing more frustrating than ... so , after putting some thought into it , i'm pretty sure i've lost one of my best friends . there was a misunderstanding where i was briefly upset at him but was never resolved and we didn't speak for ... so , i took an mbti questionnaire ( jung preference exploration personality test ) that was designed to not only tell me my type as i see myself , but the type i would prefer to be and the type i am ... the first one , especially , is bad with me . when i'm in a poor mood and choose to go to friends for advice , i'll tear down any advice they give me that doesn't fit into my way of seeing things . most ... my logic teacher continually refers to the problems as little chess matches , and insists that the more difficult ones will be easier with practice because we'll have seen the methods before and know ... i have a paper due at midnight . less than twelve hours . i've hardly started , and i can't bring myself to begin typing . once my keys hit the keyboard for this effort , i'll second guess everything ... i definitely agree with the idea that most people just aren't worth the trouble . i've times where i'll be in a perfectly good mood in a nice quiet place , and then someone will come along and just ... so , i've been toying around with the enneagram and other tests to see if i could compile a fun little way to look at my particular variation on all of them . so far i'm an intp with negative fe ... i do the same for my enfp bestie . though we're both very n and very p ( so we come up with grand , marvelous , strange ideas and don't follow through on a single one ) she keep me social and focused on ... intp , and heavily so . all tests have pegged me as at about 90 % preference in each of my letters , except thinking has gone down to 80 % , i think because of the influence of my many feeling-type ... i never thought i liked math ( i've always succeeded in it , but never really enjoyed it ) until i helped one of my dormmates with her algebra problem and became completely engrossed in the equation and ... well , i've seen p's be very assertive when they're dedicated to something . i know i'm a very very strong p ( last test i took pegged me as 91 % p ) but i get very emphatic about my interests , especially ... the whole theory just screams p and i love it . i've never really believed enough to feel religious , believed little enough to deny a higher power and claim atheism , or had any sort of conviction in ... some of my best friends are enfps , and i'm glad to see more of them around . welcome to perc . by any chance , do you know what type your mom is ? because i did something similar ( though not as forceful ) ... i 89 % n 91 % t 80 % p 91 % ended up tying p and n , but pnit suits me far better than npit . still not sure how i managed to score only an 80 on my t . i suppose that would be the influence of my ... i'm a slytherclaw , and i love that idea more that i probably should . when you make a tumblr post at one in the morning to momentarily rave about how your apathy will never go away and people assume it to be a cry for help . i love my apathy . it's a shame everyone ... you know you're an intp when someone , to describe why they think you're a nice person , say that it's because you're so very civil . i think it's the most wonderful compliment i've ever received to ... this morning , my parents had to get my dog put down . the news was the first thing i heard when i woke up this morning . i don't feel up to company right now , but i'm making myself get out and ... i got her ( and a large majority of my dorm ) to take it . entj . she came out exclaiming that she read it through and it fit perfectly . i then got a chance to explain it in depth , along with the ... i sometimes wonder about scar , from the lion king . i'm pretty sure that he's xntj because he exhibits most of the stereotypical nt arrogance in combination with an ability to get things done . if scar ... i believe my roommates come from a secret race of nap-monsters . i enjoy having quiet time in my room as much as the next person , but it's a hassle when i can't move comfortably in my room without ... i don't peg her as much of a dreamer . she's quite serious about this ambition , and has her route to the top quite planned out . i was caught off guard when , during one conversation , she suddenly began ... it means you don't mind sitting in a room with a computer , casually observing peoples lives in a detached manner rather than actually interacting with them . facebook is no wolfsbane or silver bullet ... i stand by the usefulness of the ap exams , because they have helped me so much in kick-starting my college career . i took six over the course of high school ( euro history , us history , composition , ... oh , yay , a reading assignment : p thank you to everyone who posted . i've done some reading and am still in the process of figuring out sj's in general . i posed this situation to my best friend , ... last night , a guy from my dorm building came out into the lounge and asked if anyone had some milk . i did , and , laziness overruling the fact that i barely knew the guy , i handed over my id card so ... i get that way when i'm in crowds or lines . it's actually quite distracting when i'm at a concert and , instead of enjoying the music , i'm wondering how the guy in front of me might react if i just ... i don't believe much in fate , but it seems as though all intp's are doomed to suffer through incredible loneliness for most of their lives . i guess that's why we have the internet , laptops , and perc ... sometimes i think it would be a relief to be an extrovert . then i realize that i'm actually quite content with my introversion and that it's the convention of extroverts in my life that has gone and ... thanks for your perspective . i'll definitely do some looking into esfj because i really do want to get along with this girl , and overcoming this anxiety will make it easier for me to deal with just ... i'm a young and , quite frankly , emotionally-immature intp in my first year of college . though i am handling the transition to dorm life fairly well , i find that i question myself and my actions more ... he is a romanticized intj , a personality type thrown into a style where it doesn't quite fit in . i was quite frustrated as the story went on and victor lost all reason , because i was pretty sure a ... i'm sure he's already been brought up on this thread , but victor frankenstein seems to me the quintessential intj . i've only just started the novel last night , but everything i read about this ... never took the act , but my sat scores were never better after the first time i took the test . preparation , it seems , ruined the efforts that followed , because i didn't study for the first time ... '