' that typing myself was a mistake . i think the biggest problem with dealing with your own unconscious and private perceptions is that you could lose touch with the outer world . while exploring ur unconscious you go more and more deep ... u got talent man , gl ! hows life ? been in israel ? nazareth ? im not an awesome person , i always wear a mask on public and i cant connect , nvm boobies hi , so i'm in high school and there's a girl i like but then its get complicated , i know she likes me too but i'm afraid to approach her . i'm not only afraid from the risk or the rejection ( i can go ... confront him ( better not alone ) , and if hes trying something , spray his eyes and kick him in the balls . hey , lately on this forum i read a lot of threads about the limitations of the infps , and how we are weak or how we are not fit to society , because we are sensitive , we feel things to our bones . ... :) i've scored 95 and im diagnosed with add . thank you very much ! how do i become more assertive with people ? stop being the quiet odd boy ? :) thanks . this description was spot on . i thank because fuck the police any stacraft 2 players on eu ? :D wow that was great man thx its only your self image i dont think thats true , why do you think that ? estp - no morals thank you all ! ever since i read the infj profile , there is the part that say you read into people souls and so on , that really scares me . idk why but whenever i think of it something inside me flinch , i haven't ... probably average . hehe , sorry i confused you , i just saw the trailer to the new tarantino movie trailer , and i felt they somehow i needed to thank entps in total for how inspiring and creative tarantino films are : > ... 90 % inspiration 10 % genius someone from eu ? i would love to play , zerg plat here :) entj or intj imo if you want to show her you really love her just be with her and let things happens , she will open up . good luck ! you're right , a lot of bad things happened because people didn't stand up , but you did , and you're great for doing that ! i think he meant youre not collecting all the facts before u judge . thank you :) and the avengers is shit compared to the dark knight rises coming in june :) thank you all , really helped thank you all but i know ill go for it i just dont know what to do , ask her out ? or talk with her a lil ? shit ! just missed my chance today to talk to her . i just dont know what to say , i never really talked to her so it will be realy weird if i just invite her to a movie ... :( np , someone emailed me this so i thought sharing this here :) the following is the philosophy of charles schulz , the creator of the ' peanuts ' comic strip . you don't have to actually answer the questions . just ponder on them . just read the questions ... thank you all ! hi , so i'm in high school and there's a girl i like but then its get complicated , i know she likes me too but i'm afraid to approach her . i'm not only afraid from the risk or the rejection ( i can go ... socionics is shit , their type profiles is waay off reality and have very little truth in them . sometime i see how happy and simple my dog is and i think how right hes living . isfp i think :) hot i think the infps fear of rejection more then you so just make the first move . whatever man , bottom line im gonna do what i dream to do , thats the only way ill have no regrets ... i love you all all or nothing right ? i feel you :( what you thing about this career for an infp ? please share your experience and opinions :) seems like we are roses that opened too soon ^ ^ i was like that as a child too are you fucking kidding me ? op is definitely not a healthy human , and yes i can judge it based only this thread . heroine is addictive , the more you will take the more you will drown in shit and the ... i think he is infj '