' i think its awesome the original statement encumbers the entp need for chaos and finding a solution to all of it and moving on to the next chaotic shit storm . im sorry man , dick was a shitty word to use but you were commin off rude and seem to belittle all she had to say . and her point was not the jobs she held but the span of different jobs and the need ... dizzle its awesome i love the variety of you past career selections and the school at the same time is awesome as well , i am an electronics major i love the ever changing and growing field of the ... this would be amazing i am taking a computer aided design class ( cad ) and we are learning rapid prototyping this would be the best . you and i should start a make or do what anybody needs business ! that was very helpful thank you very very much . :) i have a problem . i have an amazing girlfriend in dc i love being with her and she makes me feel so awesome i love the person i am when i am around her . i am in indiana right now and have the ... your mood makes my mood all turned on ! ! tehee hells yea its within the rules i should have just said if you could crash land anywhere . show me creation show me you show me pure hatred i do miss that place . but those days are far gone lil sis , cheshire cat haha he is kind of an asshole it ever pop into your head so fast that you have to make a conscious effort to stop your self from doing it i feel my body move as if to start the action it kinda freaks me out sometime . like one of ... you have never gone skydiving i highly recommend it ! ! show something scary as hell ! ! show something nerdy if you could crash land ( spiff ) anywhere in the world where would you like to go . no need to know the name just a picture of where you would love to land . ... show something beautiful ( death not so important ) show something that makes you really think about your life around you . show me show me something that most people find unattractive but you like show me something deep feelin sexy cosplay that girth or length that is probably the smartest thing i have ever herd regarding military my first leaders were amazing but many after that just sucked ass but i may have just had higher standards after the great ... ( new creature from the deep ) show me something that explodes . something ... bluegrass something big show me something real nasty i would like to know as well as myself and all the service members i know have never been so upset that we became suicidal or ... just fucked up . i did 4 years in the u . s . marines and i truly believe at least one year is not a bad thing i learned so much in the first year about life and growing up and standing for what i believe in . although i ... i don't think i was weird perhaps just a lil odd and misunderstood . but im good now ... i love being shitfaced no idea why i just like it alot . suck , me , beautiful tehee yea had another new dream last night it was really just fuckin odd i was tryin to pull a tree stump out other the ground with my buddy and the girl i lost my virginity to all those years ago came along ... this guy is the best , first time i met him we were at work ended up bullshittin till like 4am in the parking lot . shit that was like 9 years ago and we still hang out almost everyday . : confused : true ... its not the worst film but waterworld is another film that no matter what you can be flipping through the channels and that bitch is always on and you cant walk through any store with out it ... i generally spend the first hour or 2 of my day like what the fuck was that all about and why did i dream that my buddy has encouraged me keep a dream journal im not sure if its for me or if its for ... 13 months in iraq , i have felt some lonely shit but i was fortunate to have great friends and people who know how to gut check me into reality i was fortunate . but even as an unaccepted adolescent ... wow lol yea yous guys look a bit alike did they do anything but make you feel like a drone ... that didn't want to kill itself ... im not saying drugs are an option but suicide and chick help are a bit different . and u said used them what is ... easy man he is only 19 lets let his brain catch up with his hormones before talking about some medication he is just a growing young man . this shit is normal . well i hope your spaced out will eventually become about different things i hate to see people worry to much about life its what you make of it bro just do what makes you happy and eventually that ... just as and example situation : you as well as this guy are intros how would you like to be approached by him that would not be intimidating and be totally comfortable for him as a seemly shy ... thats amazing im still giggling have you ever had an out of body experience i have i didn't talk to myself but i was just over myself starring at me it was very strange and as i noticed it it stopped and i was freaked out and ... ok bro , your a good lookin dude just try to put yourself into a situation where you must interact with chicks and im sure if you have the since of humor you speak of than you'll be fine and you will ... '