my favorite book is jane eyre by charlotte bronte , purely on the fact it held a very special place in my heart as a young teen and i always get nostalgic about it whenever i read it again . the ... gah i am very sensitive , does my head in , even if i know people mean the best by criticism i automatically feel low , probably because i am very critical of myself so any more confirms it in my own ... yeah large groups can be a big problem , we are introverts , we prefer one on one deep conversations , parties tend to be large groups talking small talk , so we go quiet and shy . im fine if i know ... aww i have a soft spot for them :-) , know 1 enfp , she is humorous , kind , fun , affectionate , enfps are lovely people , i am biased anyway being nf but enfp is the personality i would most want to be ... i'm an nf atheist a cool new term :-) i was brought up in a catholic family , went to church , went to catholic school etc , never really believed in god wholeheartedly at the time , questioned this in my ... as a fully fledged romantic idealist who lives in own planet id say true love , much as i would love a career that is awesome , if i had to choose it have to be love of my life for sure , not that love ... been feeling a bit alien like recently , just surrounded by sensors lol , im off in my own world most of the time , hard to believe i am human :-) expressing affection for me is hard even with family and friends , i'm just so reserved , however in a loving relationship i am very happy with lots of hugs and kisses and welcome them with open arms ... yes , i have a sense whether people like me or not just by what my intuition is saying , tis mostly accurate for the most part , i also know immediately if someone has n function , have immediate ... i kind of identify with scarlett johannson's character in lost in translation ( not the looks lol ) just generally confused about where i am and what i want to do in life and very observant about ... nts are great , they provide a balance for our feelings sometimes and we can learn from each other i have an entp friend who is great , funny and intuitive , nts also have tons of knowledge which an nf ... am intrigued by answers given :-) personally i like enfjs , they can make me laugh a lot and i appreciate their kindness and generosity with others , they are confident but in an non arrogant way and ... 1 . daniel day lewis in his day was amazing , he can act for sure 2.johnny depp brilliant actor and modest , good looking :-) 3.colin firth for the kings speech , singe man and pride and prejudice , ... scenes that have moved me - in the kings speech when he finally does his speech without stuttering really badly and feels more confident about himself . - philadelphia with tom hanks as an aids ... obsessed as a kid , bought all the cards , played nintendo game boy game , watched pokemon on tv ( very sad ) i also cried at an episode where ash had to let butterfree go and fly away , * sob * now realize i ... hey welcome to the forum :-) for me i always love a guy when he is really considerate of others and has an nf or nt brain , i always smile when i see it and feel fuzzy even if my attitude is relatively uninterested even when i ... this is actually one of the hardest things for me to do : blushed : i talk very quietly with unknown people and what i do say is akward to say the least . i do find i open up more when the person as ... thats nice to hear some enfjs like alone time or small groups , we infps are the master of not seeing people for days on end :-) some of my esfp friends hate being alone for any length of time lol ... i have childlike wonder unexpectedly , like if the stars are out in a clear night sky im filled with awe at the universe , also listening to certain types of music especially film soundtracks like true ... enfps bring me out of my introverted shell , i love talking to them :-) i like their kindness , caring nature , ability to inspire people , excellent communication skills , generally huggability : blushed : lol , intuitive , silly sense of humour . bad points they can be very ... i'd like someone who viewed the world in a similar way to me so that would probably be a guy with n function because i'd feel understood with all my crazy idealism :-) , i cant decide between nt or ... i'm a bit of a film obsessive , here is a * short * list :-) 1 . lord of the rings ( all of them , one of the best fantasy films series ever , so much going on to comment on , the journey quest , the ... i have an entj work friend ( female ) who is intelligent , driven and very different to me but we really click in conversations . i don't sometimes know what to say to people because i'm very shy but she ... i call people hun generally , i do love endearments from others , i feel very special :p roud : i have little fears , i can get quite fearful when doing new things , when facing rejection , and some social situations , typical infp lol . my biggest fears are childbirth , and death of a loved one or ... i'm not very expressive with my emotions sometimes so intps coldness is not a big problem for me , they seem cool : happy : , they have great insights and can rationalize my crazy feelings lol also have ... im quite happy with my cup of hot chocalate and a film :p roud : - oh cool you have a wide language skills , thats completely transferable in most careers , great asset to have : happy : - tour the world suggests you like to work not confined and structured , just like ... margarita pizza and pasta yummy :p roud : i saw the kings speech , absolutely brilliant film , very moving and inspiring . always love the underdog stories when they triumph in the end , cant recommend it enough : happy : content today , feeling hopeful and inspired :p roud : 1 . it really depends on the situation . if i'm feeling depressed i may suppress it and not speak about it as i process it better alone and in my own time . this is only for a short time though as ... i work in a very sensory field in healthcare where people only talk about the day to day important issues so i kinda learned to talk the language about weather , tv , issues of the day etc . i also live ... i'd probably feel most comfortable as an enfp as this is the personality i sometimes switch into if i'm really comfortable with people or oddly on stage acting ( tis weird ) . i love enfps energy , their ... humour that is on the cynical sarcastic side is very funny , i also like crazy comedy's like liar liar , blades of glory where the situation is hilarious as well as the gags . i also love old british ... while i do like t men because they provide a good balance in my life i voted f men , i just adore the way they understand you and show their care . : blushed : i voted cats , i just find them adorable as they just do there own thing regardlesss of anyone . i like that it reminds me of me : happy : and quite easy to look after than a dog such as no walking in ... i am not a perfectionist really , if i can make an attempt thats good enough for me : cool : im essentially world's worst procrastinator like a lazy cat : happy : i suppose the only thing that my mind ... i think i'm ok as far as attracting people , i just have problems getting beyond that . i take relationships very seriously and my tender heart gets easily crushed at times . i also take my time getting ... my mum is an esfj , dad is an isfj and my sister an isfp , i live in world of sensors : crazy : when you secretly wish every person could be easily identified by their myers briggs personality type on their forehead so you'd know how to deal with them better or just go and find your own kind lol oh ok i'll admit i really like prince from beauty and the beast in human form : crazy : just have to say i love these films :-) brings me back to my childhood 1.beauty and the beast ( like going into an infp mind , most romantic and by god the beast is hot when he becomes human ... hey welcome to the forum , love your username , i love tea as i'm from england : happy : enfj - the teacher you scored 75 i versus e , 0 n versus s , 20 f versus t , and 100 j versus p ! your ideal partner is known as the teacher . this type needs to feel a deep and meaningful connection to ... i definitely had a dark side in my teens , was sarcastic , cynical about everything , harsh to judge people and much less bothered about people , this was a bit of depression and as a reaction to getting ... my dream job is to probably be a full time actress and writer , ii can dream pretty big for an infp : crazy : here is a list of some of my most favorite films of all time ( not in any order ) 1 . the dark knight - tons of really cool action , one of the best acting performance ; s ever as heath ledger as the ...