' weirdly , i don't necessarily think my fe is activated in relationships . i tend to carry on ( nearly ) as usual , navigating mostly through the lens of ne and even ni to a lesser degree . i can often ... if i take going out in the social sense and not merely for fresh air / sunlight , i definitely relate . i do a great deal of logical oscillation before arriving at the conclusion to leave the house , ... favourite in the sense that these are what i return to most often . in no particular order : movies 5 ) adaptation 4 ) la story 3 ) annie hall 2 ) donnie darko 1 ) synecdoche , new york interesting . i had and still have the exact same defense mechanism . there were some battles i chose ( typically the ones wherein someone was bullying a friend ; i didn't really care if they bullied ... - i take the parameters of the nerd / geek / dork / dweeb venn diagram seriously . - i don't [ can't ] shut up about the mbti to anyone within earshot . - i was born after 1985 and have always preferred ... after a heinous workday , news of boatchella made me laugh heartily . except that it's not intended to be a joke . pulp as a general rule makes me happy also . and doctor who-a-thons ! sweet chutney , no . i have absolutely zero interest in overcoming my ( recently cultivated ) neurotic fear [ abject terror ] of flying . i instantly become a woody allen character the second i step on an ... exactly . i usually go the latter route . the old multiple-gun-barrels-out-the-rabbit-hole method works like a charm every time . * crunches on carrot * the most frustrating problem with estjs and any nps is that the metrics of understanding are never level or mutual . the np will always expend more energy in attempting to understand the estj than the ...  mine ( at least the ones i can share in a public forum ) more often manifest as those impulses you get , impulses of the crazy , maybe as a result of ... oh , and i suppose enfps are safe drivers ? you're probably singing at the top of your lungs whilst drinking coffee whilst playing fruit ninja on your phone whilst eating a poptart whilst careening ... i just tried it for the first time . i opted for the posing-a-question-to-watch-two-strangers-discuss method because the role of voyeuristic curator seemed more attractive than conversing with other ... i see no option for bokononist or pastafarian . what do you recommend we adherents ( all four of us ) choose ? you do realize the flying spaghetti monster will smite this errant poll with his noodly ... same . defensive pessimism never fails . a friend of mine is amused by the fact that i can see potential disaster in everything ( not long ago we were walking together and i described a patch of flowers ... well that's reassuring . and how dare they discriminate ? ? the world needs your deranged bovine blood . this is such a relatable frustration for me because i love comedy and yet am the single worst teller of anecdotes and long-form jokes in the orion-cygnus arm . more often they're funny images or ... i rather enjoy this : i have myriad blood types .. in a box of slides inside the air conditioner . i myself am a - . which makes some degree of sense to me because for years i've been a vegetable-arian , albeit more for ... i think both are equally necessary . in my mind , the function that best embodies open-mindedness is extraverted intuition . so that would correlate with the pairing of n and p since intps , infps , entps ... i generally think people who start religions are schizophrenic , people who propagate them are delusional , and that john ate some bad rye bread on patmos , tripped ergot-induced balls , rode the magical ... no patronizing intended your way . more of a reference to the inanity of american major-network programming , if anything . it was admittedly a niche market reference . being american , i often forget ... cbs cares . :) i like it in theory . however : there are potential fire hazards . same or worse for the rubik's cube , actually ... badass . i love it . i suppose it's not too late for me to assemble one of these : or a rubik's cube menorah . chimera zygote oneiric schadenfreude leonine tryst and moose ! i personally love this little feature of our code . the oscillation between ti and ne i think makes us both human and iconoclasts . it's the interplay between these two functions ( the more fluid , the ... when you watch movies with people of other types , what kind of behaviour do they exhibit ? it depends on the person and the program i think . my viewing partners most often tend to be esxxs , so they ... i no longer have a desk because i am le poor . or an interior minimalist . i do however have a skyline of books on my bedside table comprising a lot of small press literary fiction interspersed among ... today i enjoyed a delightful excursion to the dentist , wherein i was stuck with primitive paleolithic tools and numbed into a very sexy stephen-hawking-as-a-female facial expression . my ... true that . and physicists too . george hale claimed to have been regularly visited and advised by an imaginary elf . and john nash , anyone ? i wouldn't put it past the pigeon . after all , there ... st . augustine , for a number of obvious reasons . heidegger had to be at least a little bit batshit . and nietzsche gets my vote for the horse episode alone . to his credit , i'm sure the pigeons ... corrugated wheat germ flakes , spirulina powder , mold paste , and the occasional perciforme smoothie . which i swear is what it sounds like to my family . ... i've worked in an industry quite opposite my interests because the market was abysmal and my areas of interest aren't exactly lucrative ( sometimes at night you can still hear the death rattle of the ... bill maher ? the answer has something to do with isosceles triangles , right ? hang in there and sincerely hope things improve . radiating some sunshine your way . :) i am diseased ( yay flu ! happy fun ! ) and febrile and vomity and delirious from said things . i think the last ... remember sammy jankis it's not something i plan to do . for me to get a tattoo , it would have to be a personal constant or an objective truth . except 99.9 % of personal constants are out because i ... in my experience , the more i try to explain myself to the people around me , the less i am understood . i've since resolved to just begin talking like this : ... i've long adored thom yorke and would love for him to be an intp , but even while i think his f has mellowed with age , i still get an infj or even infp vibe from him . he lets too much emotion surface ... self-sufficiency is a bit of a driving force for me . it propels a lot of my decision-making . it's important to me to be financially autonomous and to have my own place . when apartment hunting , i ... well to give due credit , that's from the film . my version would probably include nazis in a hovercraft shaped like a moose , a trip to the moon , launch codes stored inside a pigeon in cleveland , ... oh god do i do this . i've cultivated a not-so-irrational fear of flying and was on a plane last friday . i spent the entire flight imbibing alcohol , gripping the armrest and paranoidly envisioning ... if i don't get my daily 17 hour nap , i don't function properly . yeah , 9 or 10 hours is my ideal also . under 8 or over 10 and i'll have a migraine all day . polyphasic sleep doesn't work for me ... that's what i'm talking about . fuck strategy . have you seen the croatian national team ? are you sure that's enough ? i'd recommend wearing a chastity belt and dressing amish just to be on the safe side . that is , if you're not pregnant already . whenever i watch a football kickoff , that part where both teams charge each other and clash and are practically punching each other in the face and they cut to a camera shot of the whole field and ... fortunately my ribs usually do this for me . but sometimes i distrust them . they get lazy . probably a good practice . i'm considering adding a third layer of protection . namely a quarantine ... using the word being defined in the definition . bad roommate . bad . i hope you also asked what is abt ? a few old favourites : aluminum tastes like fear adrenaline pulls us near - e-bow the letter , rem you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows  '