' guys ... will to power or what ? o * net interest profiler at my next move so i recently found a much better onet affiliated john hollands career profiler that directly links you to career matches with detailed descriptions . unemployment at a record highs people coming , people going , people born to die don't ask me , because i don't know why but it's like that , and that's the way it is people in the world ... alright except i didn't have anybody to bounce ideas with at uni . i went to accounting night classes later , didn't know what the hell was going there . fell asleep on the bus . got woken up by the good ... by the way i wrote that for comedic effect hey guys what's the saddest tune you've ever heard ? tame impala lonerism ... epicly sad at the end . for a second i endured feelings . guys can't you tell that its a banana dick with two ice cream balls as testicles . and yes , you guessed it , the tip of it which looks like condensed milk is actually supposed to look like semen . god ... that was a good joke phony . i llliked it . sex ? didn't someone mention sex ... oh well then . sex ! and taking your shoes off at the end of a long day . also food . that stuff's like sex in your mouth except your on the receiving end . omg this thread's stiiill going ? ! ;) hey dude i creeped your profile and noticed your a counselor . that's awesome ! i always wondered what that's like . i think the intense one on one is not for me though but i bet you get to learn a ... hey bruuu . i noticed your a fellow melbournian so on behalf of perc welcome to the weird part of the internet . as you progress through this site you could end in two ways . one by developing a ... unpredictablility . what are * ... quick haha ! : tongue : re : be a bookkeeper like me . i get $ 30 per / h in australia . had to do research to find that out.you know you should look at the bureau of labour or dep . of ... life is pointless , you're in the same boat whether you like it or not . each civilization has its own philosophy.the west ( capitalism ) is about financial success derived from work.the east's ... yeah so i couldn't fix the job suggestions link on onet because the edit button timed out . however if you click on the link and then look on the main tool bar you'll notice advanced search ... i creeped you profile and you're on the right track . your're studying public health and anthropology which are both a combination of ias . public health has a bit of e though because you have to do ... cruelty . these jokes just gave me cancer 5w4 3w4 9w8 iconoclast what other mbti do you think this could be ? my enneargam seems to change as i go through times of personal growth . i not sure about it . i know i've come up with 7w6 ... urban & regional planner , journalist , industrial organisational psychologist ? wry entp here , prepare to be morally and intellectually harmed ... ^ dudes funny , i used to hate being an entp because i got so absorbed in my learning that i didn't leave enough time to make anything constructive out it.but now i learn as i go and study what i ... wow what happen to yours ? wow what happen to yours ? basically that mads mikkelson entp was preaching me but it was still awesome and thought provoking . if you could sum it up how would you say it ? how dare you ... : tongue : i came out entj initially and then i realised that i was quite stressed and was imputing my ideal me into theses type test and not the regular me . i felt dissatisfied when mine came out and struggled ... problem with intuitive types like myself is that we're so obsessed with understanding things and thinking about the future that we're not doing anything constructive with what we learn like how you ... lucky this isn't facebook where you'd be wary of saying this . but yeah , dealing with incompetent poeple , i usually just kill them ... american psycho style : crazy : am i a good enough joke ? i think there's not enough dumb blondes having annoyingly pitiful deaths . now i have way to many stickers i haven't used to fit my darwin award calendar . ah the 90 ' s , how i yearn the . haha ... what do think of my avatar now ? does einstein approve ? i'm leaning toward intj but who says he couldn't be a highly developed stage 3 entp considering his age . i mean if you check out the developmental path of an intj and factored his age you might think ... what was hannibal's deal as a kid do you think ? do you think he was in denial for being a cannibal ? i have think he struggled with self validation and maybe he felt rejected by society hence he ... haha welcome to my world ias huh ? you could be a clinical psychologist or a psychiatrist if your into that sort of thing ... oh really well you can try onet's interest paige online what are you intending to do ? i didn't find this test on any forum so i decided to link it to this thread . it basically tests to find out your interests and aligns them with suitable jobs . it's really helpful and there's also a ... nurture can curb our clumsy ne scatter brain , i played soccer , dodgeball and did martial arts growing up so yeah . i'm so clumsy and forgetful at work but i think its because i don't like i there ... when i left high school i took a gap year before university and worked my ass off . social circle completely shrunk because everyone went their separate ways . from there i realized who were my real ... salvation it means happiness till i earn over about $ 75,000 as a single then the the affect of money on my happiness starts to curb . money is just tool to move things around , it's accessible so you don't have ... have you watched the series with madds mikkelson ? entp definetly shit happens just deal with it first off all you should start by believing in yourself . think about the pros and cons of living with your sister , . if you have support at the place where you are at now from parents or what ... another entp had sex with some nobody in my bed . totally felt violated . had to burn that bed . uuuhhh * cringe * fair game , i'll take that one . crunch sorry , had no idea hey intj's we're intrigued by your ability for formal logic cuz we're mostly rationalizing trollollolo's . so is it true that you guys have a sense as to when an argument may finish ? if you can support yourself , by all means go for it '