' i hope you don't mind me chiming in , although i am an infj female . your post really spoke to me because i know how hard it is to feel something for someone and not know where you stand . i am in no ... i don't know if i qualify as older , i'm 38 , which feels to me a lot older than my younger infj self . sometimes i feel like i was a different person back in my teens and 20s , although i know i was ... when i'm driving around doing errands , i usually have my dog violet with me and i turn up the radio really loud and make up new lyrics based on the errands i have to do . for example , sung to the tune ... op here , i just wanted to thank you all for your responses . some of the advice felt a bit like a bucket of cold water being thrown in my face , in a good way :-) they gave me a lot to ponder . i think ... hi all you intjs - i'm an infj and think you guys are awesome . intellectual ninjas that you are . seriously , i've had the honor to know a few intjs in my time and i have a huge amount of respect for ... a really well-made latte dance music a warm , sunny day i'm pretty easy to please :-) i relate to this as though i was reading about myself . i'm 37 and the same has happened to me - after 30 i isolated myself more and more , pretending to be someone else on the outside . i remember ... this is exactly how i feel . i was in love once when i was 17 . he left . someone fell in love with me when i was 18 and although i loved him , i was never in love with him . things ended 5 years later ... somberlain , thanks for your input , i think you make a great point . i am going to try to keep that in mind next time and not make it so personal . the only thing i would say is that i get that ... i can relate , especially in terms of work . whenever i'm on the cusp of really succeeding in my career , i decide to make a big change and start again at the bottom - i've realized over time that this ... i would really like the infj perspective ( especially the male perspective ) on this little pet peeve of mine that i've had for a long time ... very very ! often when i'm talking to a guy who is ... haha that must have been sweet . i managed the company's website and can still log in and see how its performing - while i was there sales went up by 400 % in one year , now they are going down , down , ... i love all the songs everyone's posted - i really like that they give me a little clue into how you view your lives , it makes me feel like i know you all a little bit more ... i'd have to think a ... years ago my wonderful enfj friend and i would have this game where we would say , if you were the main character in a movie and there is a scene , say in a glamorous cocktail bar , or western saloon , ... i am the same as most of the other posters on here - yes i have my little fantasies of revenge sometimes , but have a strong belief in karma and that what goes around , comes around . sometimes i'm ... this is exactly how i feel . my parents never said i love you or showed much interest in me or my life growing up . i never had close friends or any successful relationships . when i think about what ... i couldn't have said it all better than goodewitch . i agree with all her points . one thing she brought up which i was a little hesitant to say is that there really does need to be an attraction , ... i'm female so i don't know if my perspective is that useful . i guess i can comment as being someone who is on the other side of things ... it is hard to deny that confidence is something that women do ... i'm australian and have lived there and in europe most of my life , only having recently moved to the us . i initially identified with being what is called liberal in the us . however i don't think ... hi monalisarenee , i think , as you have mentioned , it can sometime be a part of being an nf to not settle for less when it comes to our careers - they are more than just a way to pay the bills , ... i really like infjs in this mode . its hilarious and a little frightening . we bottle so much up of this stuff every day in the name of doing the right thing and not complaining ... maybe the world ... that was an amazing article . thank you for posting it . it said in a much more interesting way exactly what i was trying to communicate :-) this phenomenon is real , people ! i may be being ... i'm like this too - i used to care a lot more when i was younger and everyone around me was partying , i felt like the real odd person out . but now i sort of get a perverse enjoyment out of the ... oh sorry i just read the preceding posts about fake vs real kindness . i guess all of my kindness is fake since i get pleasure from it . but i couldn't care less - call me as fake as you like ! i'd ... i do this a lot , but alone . it would be fun to have other people to do it with ! i was carrying cupcakes last week and saw a homeless lady and asked her if she wanted one . she took one and i was so ... i'm actually less quiet . i tend to lurk and read a lot more online ... in real life i'm considered outgoing , friendly , nice - ugh . in some ways i'm simply a chameleon . i match myself to what the ... when i look back over the last few years , i feel like there have been so many more spectacular failures in my life compared to all the other years put together . that is hard to deal with sometimes ... a partner assertiveness self acceptance i have to agree with cptkickercutleg on this one . the only time i enter reality is about once a month when i really , really concentrate on what the world would be like if things were nowhere near as ... i absolutely can relate to this . i always have a general idea of how i would like my day to look and i get my nose a little out of joint if something impedes the flow of what was supposed to happen ... yes , absolutely . i almost have to have that fix , when just after i meet someone , and i see them start to hold eye contact longer with me ( in a desperate but you understand me , don't you ? way ) and i ... dear infp , i don't know what happened , and i know you don't either . three weeks of bliss and then you act like you don't even know me . i never thought an infp would treat me this way . i'm scared ... at the risk of disagreeing with everyone , and conventional wisdom in general , i would say move on . you spent four hours with him . that is enough of your precious time . if you didn't see anything ... yes , very guilty . it is something i am trying to work on . recently i've been trying to stand up for my needs more , but when it comes into conflict with other people's needs ( i say needs that ... hi yellowbritt , i'm sorry you had a bad day today , i also had a lonely day . i was dating someone for a few weeks who dumped me during the week and although i keep telling myself it was for the best , ... it sounds like you are maybe just taking time to get to know yourself , and work out who you are and what you want , and one day you might wake up and feel ready for a relationship , but until then , ... whooo hooo ! ! ! * * happy dance * * i am so excited for you ! i am seriously dancing with happiness right now . that is the sweetest thing ever . : happy : sorry ! i didn't mean it the way it sounded - the first istj was actually an absolutely wonderful person and the healthiest relationship i have ever had , we just saw things really differently ... and i ... i think french is the absolute sexiest , followed by a real irish brogue ... ( melt ) : laughing : i really agree with this . i feel like everyone here has so much to offer , i wish they all had someone to share it with . at least we can all appreciate each other , even if its in cyberspace . my ... you are all so awesome and talented . i had so much fun doing this and it really helped me get through a crummy valentine's day . i also wanted to thank iconoclastic visionary for his energy and ... d_arnold , what a romantic valentine's day you had ! your story really made me smile . sounds like you were the hit of the movie party : happy : i hope things go well with your girl , if you have the ... i feel exactly the same way - horrible , horrible day and not a soul to talk to about it . if we hug each other , we'll both feel better . ( ( ( huggg ) ) ) awww ! thank you ! you made my day : happy : happy valentine's day to you too nobleheart : laughing : mrniceftw , your heart was super awesome ! i was so amazed by it , please don't be hard on yourself . i wished i had thought of something like that for the challenge : happy : suicidal . haha just kidding . sort of . things are very rocky with a new beau and i'm pretty sure he is going to end it soon . i only got a text message today for valentine's day . i have always ... ok i think i finally figured it out . they look a little small but here goes ... 2064 2065 sorry ! ! blonde moment ! : crazy : damn ! can't get it to work . i'll keep trying ... '