' :D we adore you too ! my favorite type of gifts to give are the ones that are unexpected and unprecedented . not all gifts can be like this , but those are my favorite . my evernote is littered with a million replies that will never fill the eyes of their intended recipients . i even wrote an email this morning thanking a man who wrote a really insightful blog post ... we should call mistyped people ‘ infjk ’ s , as in ‘ just kidding ’ :P never discourage anyone who continually makes progress , no matter how slow . — plato hmm , well i can certainly create shirts with those colours ! unfortunately i don't think i can print anywhere other than the front of the shirt mooseandsquirrel . i like the design with a black ... the artwork for my avatar was designed in a way that i could easily make t-shirts out of . hrmmm , if only i could remember my spreadshirt login . what colours would people want for the shirt and ... sometimes i can appear calm on the surface but i'm just seething with unseen emotion underneath . sometimes it's loneliness , but it's usually frustration or anger - and it doesn't always have a ... infj male in a long-distance relationship here . totally guilty of taking shell time when i'm back in my town and probably not contacting my she-nfp enough :/ there are weeks when being social ... i'm infj male , 2w1 5w4 1w ? what handwriting style does it look like i have ? ( i'm also a lefty if that matters ) there it is , spelling mistake and all ! * ack * well ... what role do i fill ? i fill the role of confidant to a lot of people . i'm that old-soul , that timeless friend they don't need to keep in touch with day-to-day , but when their boyfriend punches ... slowly . internally . invisibly . quietly . utterly alone . i had always been shy and it wasn't until this year that i learned how i could become less shy without also becoming less introverted . i had been trying to overcome my shyness by learning how to be ... here are some of the things i learned in 2012 : • sometimes it's more important to trust others than to be correct • your body image and your body are scarcely related concepts • eating a diet ... in my experience , infj and enfp - but two infj's making a romantic connection is rare because they're usually pretty shy . like really shy about initiating stuff . thanks for sharing that , i've always felt that way about also , how do you feel about clint mansell's song together we will live forever : ... the ‘ friendzone ’ is a concept invented in the mind of men who have resigned themselves to failure before even taking a chance . what woman would want to date a guy too scared of losing a friend in ... i am so sorry you had to go through that ! you're not crazy , even your thinking and retelling of that shows you're capable of so much more depth than they will likely be able to see in you . don't ... i'm not sold on the idea of a spirit guide or a guardian animal - but i've always felt like i had a lot in common with kittens : x95 endlessly playful x95 have very retractable claws x95 enjoy playing ... this is the firs time my avatar hasn't been a photo of me :P i made an infj logo so it was more obvious where i was coming from now that i'm posting more outside the infj forum :) my bff is an intj and she's dating another intj . i'd hate to be caught in the middle of one of their arguments : o in general we seem to get along great and i highly recommend intj's as safe people ... i designed my own yes , i feel that your avatar is a reflection of self - so for people that don't use original content i think that speak a lot about who they are ; ) the way the thread title reads it sounds like op has been hurt by christians in his life , not god . everyone is responsible for their own actions , christians or not , you can't blame the actions of a ... i'm responding directly to op here : okay , storytime ! when i got to college facebook had just opened up to allow schools where i live to join . it was a sheltered fun time , and the week i got to ... tell me more about this god , how has he revealed these things about himself to you ? what if you met your soulmate , the person who you want to spend the rest of your life with - but they happen to be in a body the same gender as you . does that mean you can never pursue an exclusive ... i identify as : male ( with a haphazard dash of effeminate traits for balance ! ) my sexual orientation is : pansexual ( on paper , functionally i've been heterosexual ) did you struggle with your ... gold is such a weird metal . wars have been fought , adventurers have chased it , alchemists searched for a way to create it , and miners have laboured to pull it out of the earth . it has been the de ... so this is how movember turned out . i don't even feel like i look like me right now , it's refreshing . tabula razor ! x85searching for answers that don't exist wait , so you're assuming you're not the only person alive ? what if everybody else in the world that exists is created in your head , by your head , to help you learn and reconcile the problems you ... while intuitives may sit on the other side of a conversational and psychological divide from those who practice ' small talk ' as a form of animalistic greeting ritual , if that's indeed what is is ... don't think of small talk as a mundane conversation ( it's not ) or a lack of interest ( it's not ) or even a deflection from talking about deeper topics ( it's not ) . small talk in humans fills the ... anyone not magnetized to extended periods of intense wallowing and / or chemically-induced lethargy - - or the idea of experiencing either one of the two ... so far i haven't found the magic words :/ any time i go to my parents house i have no ' shell ' anywhere to retreat to . the room i'm staying in is used by them for other things so they're in and out ... how many years into college are you ? if i recall correctly , college involves a lot of non school-related person changes . are you also leaving home and switching up your living situation , meeting ... this is by no means a guide on how to lie to infjs , but this explores some of the thoughts that will invariably pop up in his head the moment he found out you were lying . we infjs see right ... rehearsed . anybody else doing movember ? how could somebody truly love me if they really knew all of me / how will i let somebody see all of me unless i know they really love me ? * gasp * you she-infjs are bad :P infj male & never ever ! this a thousand times ! heights don't bother me , so long as i feel secure . i did get that tingling feeling like you're peering over the edge of a balcony when i was reading this thread though - but that's excitement and ... i think our type gains significantly more understanding through being able to fit people into a metric than most other types . i explain it like this : there's this test that psychologists , ... well , i've always loved eating , and i've loved cooking more than ever since becoming vegetarian . i cook for myself and used to take a lot of liberties with recipes . now i hardly glance at a recipe ... infj confessions - like a post secret for infjs infj confessions infj den - insight into what living as an infj means the infj den infj doodles - hit straight to the core , sometimes funny ... i somehow intimidate them into seeking my approval • they think they have to please me somehow ( bish pls , if you weren't what i wanted in a woman i wouldn't be dating you in the first place ... '