' internet . i met my boyfriend on facebook . we had mutual friends from college and stuff and just started talking :) i used to feel the same . i completely messed my sleeping schedule up last year because of it . i started sleeping in the day and was awake in the night . i got quite depressed from it . i barely had ... love it <3  ravioli :) i have gcse's and i'm currently doing an as in psychology . playing pokemon x :) haha , no :P wish it did though . that's awesome D: i have a cow one :P my mother left some chips from the chip shop . they were rank > . > really greasy . genuinely gives me a headache : i find beyonce - run the world ( girls ) incredibly irritating too . her looking like she's having a seizure in the ...  oh weird :P thanks ^ ___ ^ i've just been awarded three achievements saying i've been registered for 30 days , 90 days and a year .  i only joined 11 ... it should be illegal to give your children energy drinks and to practically feed them lard . if you're too stupid to use a condom / other forms of contraceptions when you don't want a baby i don't ... makes me happy :) strawberries and blueberries with natural yoghurt . i've been getting dressed these past few days to see if i notice any changes in my depression / motivation . i feel a bit better but that's probably because my doctor increased my dosage of sertraline a ... makes a lot of sense . i need at least 9-10 hours sleep or else i will feel like utter crap . i nap too .  had it stuck in my head all day > . > a kiwi :) i actually did go to asda at about 11pm once in my pj's :') the best thing about it was nobody looked twice . i had chicken , rice , peas and sweetcorn for dinner :) britney spears miss american dream lyrics couldn't remember what the britney song with miss american dream lyrics was called and it was doing my head in :P quite good ^ ___ ^  <3  beans on toast ( with marmite on the toast ) :D maybe i'll start putting my hoodie and tracksuit bottoms on during the day . i'll give it a go , maybe it will help . i'm in my onesie right now :P my therapist keeps telling me to get dressed during the day , even if i'm not going anywhere :| i think she thinks it may help my depression . am i the only one who doesn't see the point ? i'm not going ... i do that . if i'm depressed i sometimes just force myself to smile , it makes me feel better :) i also watch comedies :) 1:45 omg <3 33 you can't be depressed knowing s / he exists <3 33 i have far too many but the ones on the top of my head are beauty and the beast , tangled and spirited away <3 haha , most people do :P i've been called kel-id-ee and seal-ee-ah a few times :P i've been a bit tempted to legally change my name to kayleigh to just stop the questions and confusion :P i think i'm just odd :') it baffles my sister because she's really artistic but it dreadful at maths . i find maths fun :') it's like working out a puzzle . i was doing year 6 maths in year 4 in ... i am artistic but i'm also good at maths . i've always been good at maths , it was of my favourite subjects in school . i just get numbers , they make sense to me . i just find it really odd how i can be ... new pyjamas wake up texts and good night texts from my boyfriend <3 laughter cheese :D nonpoint - in the air tonight . taylor swift - we are never ever getting back together gives me a headache > . > i've been eating dark chocolate (8 5 % cocoa ) for the past couple of weeks to help boost my energy levels . i read a study a few weeks ago claiming it can help combat fatigue . i would post a link to ... hey laurie ^ ___ ^ i hope so :D '