' amazing post and truthful all around . :D this should be the official obligatory we are people not letters lecture to the mbti newbies ( and people who lose sight of this concept in general ) ... it is true ; i can't imagine how it would feel if , for example , i had to confront and decide the fate of a serial killer who took my parents victim , or some similar scenario . but if i chose to kill ... quote from cry , the beloved country by alan paton , pg . 249 this is the most recent book i've read , for my english summer assignment . this particular quote really hit me when i read it for the ... i guess it means both if it didn't specify one ? i didn't know where else to put this and i didn't want to have to make a new thread , so i'll just leave this here . quote from my entp best friend : aarrg , one of the worst , for me . i have an enfp friend who used to say things impulsively that might hurt my feelings , so she used this line a lot . whenever someone tries to profusely apologize ... ah , after some thought , he actually doesn't really show much se . i typed him istp based on the general type's behavior to my understanding . he's definitely introverted , he didn't seem to show ... well , that's interesting . i find it understandable that adhd medication would make you seem more like a leveled , focused , and deeper-thinking type , but does that mean the hyperactiveness of adhd is ... so i'd decided long ago that my brother is an intj , but he has adhd , which affects his life and personality a lot . i used to think he's an istp until i reflected deeper and considered his functions ... lyrics are too mainstream . : cool : edit : youtube embedder why . :[ no matter how many times i go back to these , they never fail to make me giggle . : kitteh : ... i personally don't believe in predetermined fate , destiny , kismet , whatever you want to call it . nor do i believe in luck , karma , divine intervention , or any other supernatural force that can ... oh my gosh , the dread . this is probably because i tend to make friends who are older than me and some of them like to stay conscious of that , but , you're too young to be saying [ doing , ... i like how 5 and 8 are particularly needy . xd anyway , thanks for another awesome article ! i dream of a better world where chickens can cross the road without having their motives questioned . ~ mushr 00m i've come to seriously doubt that i feel romantic attraction towards people , but i selected the types i'm most curious about or mysteriously drawn to relationship-wise . entp , intp , intj , enfj , and i ... the jawz cycle : > lalala perc > switches a type or two ( this time around it's entp ) > i'm getting too obsessed and need more in life i love you all ciao xx > retire > return after a week or two ... thank you so much . this seems pretty accurate , as far as i can tell . the only other way i can type enneagram is seeing into someone's soul . xd as a 6 , i'm totally 6 . and i can see the 5 in my entp ... we just take life too seriously . : tongue : i think it's the dominant ni / inferior se . we're weighed down by heavy insights and values that we've developed , which sometimes makes it hard to just let ... at the moment i'm a bit too lazy to provide an explanation , but i'm rolling with istj . ix92m probably not one to talk because ix92ve never been a parent and i know how kids / teens are , but i really disapprove of the angry approach that parents use with their offspring . it directly relates ... well , i noted down some mbti / jcf observations a while ago , so here's my take on esxjs . please note that everything i said is based off of personal observation / experience and i don't consider ... i'm sorry , chaosseraph :( i don't know how to tell you how to do it , but you just have to do it . it's going to be rocky but he's going to have to accept it eventually , and the only way he can do ... i'm fine with how are you / how are you doing ? when it's a genuine question of concern for how i'm feeling / doing ; even though it's not said in the most creative way , they care . when it's just a ... interesting , seems almost all of us have at least one sj parent ! : o ahh , it is true that she did have her issues with feeling , and she had a more calculating quality to her , but i believe she's an infp . my analysis : she has an fi-like attachment to people who ... you know you're an infj when , in a dream where there was a ghost doll that you were afraid of , you didn't want to run away or scream because you didn't want to offend the ghost . xd y'know , at times when i'm getting fed up with my fellow peers , i start fantasizing about a school that revolved around mbti . xd everyone is taught about mbti and decided their type , and split into ... well i've been raving about the hunger games quite a bit today , so there . ahahaha . this scene just made it seem like collins was trying way too hard to make him a stereotypical nt . cinna : ... i've recently read the hunger games and , honestly , i think it's way overhyped . it wasn't that good . i mean , i don't think it was bad , it was decent . it just seems like it has the potential to be so ... benr 3600 no idea where you are in the series so ' scuse me if there are spoilers here . house seems enough like a screwed up entp , though not to forget his holmesian deductive skills , which seems ... welp , i've recently read the hunger games series and thought it was decent . it was fun to bounce around ideas of what the characters ' types were , but unfortunately i had no one to bounce ideas around ... so no , i didn't like it much and don't think it would be worth your time . xd pfftahaha . xd my ni-ti loop : go , ti ! use objective scrutinizing on ni ! : tongue : yes ! i've gotten was that really me ? by naomi l . quenk , and the art of speedreading people by barbara ... and i often find myself sending this to my entp friend : ... when they agree to keep your preserved brain in their refrigerator with their yogurt and fanta if you ever die prematurely if only i was less shy , i'd be able to connect with my fascinating enfj teacher more . when i'm in a sitting down or standing in one place situation , i get the jitters > _ < happy legs , finger or pencil tapping , and such and such i may also use my right hand to wring on my left ... ^ _ ^ ; if only i would stop wallowing in anxiety and self-deprication , i could finally do . do something . do anything . i use haha , hahaha , lol , and xd all the damn time ... and i'm also easily amused > __ > but there are always instances where using one just feels better than using another ( anyone relate ? ... you know you're an infj when you're always wishing you could save someone - anyone - everyone - humanity itself ... but deep inside you're always wishing someone would save you too . oh , it's more than just subconsciously xd i would've cried watching snape's death and memories in deathly hallows part ii if i wasn't in a theater > > i didn't cry , but the boy in the striped pyjamas left me with this empty , desolate shock ... i really like this description - it's much more comprehensible than other cognitive function descriptions i've read ! hmm , i think my stubborn ni may explain why i hate guessing , and have almost ... i'm glad these other posts sound much more helpful . xd just here to say that evilbyte sends his hugs from afar , since he can't get onto his account . < / 3 i wish i could say something helpful , but i really don't know what to say , ' cause just saying don't worry about it ! wouldn't be helpful at all . > _ > wow , i'm the same way . o_o ... ooh lookie , we're all posting videos . ^ _ ^ you know you're an infj as you walk around in the dark house pondering the meaning of life ... and crash straight into a closed door . '