' wow ... i am starting to believe that all infp women really are gorgeous . well , i can't speak for other infps , but i know that the process of actually wooing and courting somebody usually starts very indirectly ... with trying to find some safe way of arranging a ... if we didn't keep it inside ... hmmm ... interesting thought . probably because we wouldn't have the same overwhelming wow ! you're the most amazing , understanding , supportive , brilliant , deep , ... the only thing those villagers hate worse than ogres are mimes ... it's because our love is empathy-fueled , which itself , is pain-fueled , which is usually rejection-fueled ... which is fueled by tiny midgets in my back pocket ... o_o i hate caring for people . i hate caring about what people say and think about me . i hate that i need to feel loved , yet am unable to . i hate sardines ... o_o i hate that even with infps , i ... are you a mime ? i don't know ... do mimes type ? they don't talk ... i don't know if you can be likable as a mime if you're communicating with words . i'll admit , it was a little odd to have a guy flirt with me so aggressively , but you were persistent , so congratulations on your award . i wanted to say that before the restraining order was in ... an infp ... is like a sad mime that smiles for everybody who stops to appreciate it's unique characteristic of being able to invoke a feeling of familiarity and understanding with whoever looks into ... why do we always have to be such martyrs ? haha ! i've had a remarkably similar experience ... it's actually quite traumatic , and shouldn't be so common , and yet ... do you think that's an infp thing ? we can be so benevolent that we'll forgive ... 3 days ... insomnia sucks . if i know i have to be up early , i can't sleep unless i'm in bed 10 hours before i gotta be up ... which sucks , seeing as i go to bed when many people wake up . haha ! how true . i have excercised my t functions in that department . i've found that truth is an important part of helping people grow , so i put a high value on telling people what they need to hear more than what ... same here , actually . it was pretty traumatic , and definitely stayed with me , even up to now . i wonder if that's an ingredient for infpness ... well , infp females are all adorable and desired . no doubt there . males ? argh ... not as easy . i still like being an infp , though . best lovers on the planet . ;) well , you need one good in , and one good out ... okay , i'm done . couldn't resist . oh ... i am sure you have some healing powers . all _nfps do . for example , i give supernaturally blissful massages . ;) i think that , in this situation , she should try really hard not to make assumptions , even logical ones . also , the sister-sister relationship will affect the whole family , so there should be more ... i don't know ... maybe if you used those powers on me ... ;) it's a common mix-up . i ran into some pirates on the way here . my ninjas and i took them out with little effort , but i can see how it would pose a problem to a delicate flower such as yourself . ;) i think infp are wonderful healers , especially if you devote your life to it in some way . quite true . : mellow : same way the rest of us did ... a magical portal opned up into the land of unicorns , and then , upon touching a unicorn horn , you used the power of love to teleport here . with you up until the lack of make-up part . haha ! i'd love to see your te come out ... ;) just because something is traditional doesn't mean it's wrong . there are two extremes . to be an infp means to find what is true and beneficial , not just what we prefer . hahaha ! brilliant deduction . and there we have a typical infp / enfp relationship ... in a nutshell . :D marry me . what ! ? oh no you didn't ! how dare you ! ? just what are you implying ? ugh ... i thought you were different . you think you're better than me , is that it ! ? argh ... no , no ... see ! that's totally the opposite of what you should practice . practice holding back everything and becoming a repressed infp . :) my advice was personalized to her situation with her sister . there's a balance . i don't think there's a one size fits all solution . i suppose that can only be the truth . are you sure you're an infp ? haha ! not much can be said except that i totally disagree with you . you shouldn't just get rid of everything that makes you unhappy ! sometimes the most fulfilling ... you should keep in mind that , when it comes to sibling rivalry , they will always be more sensitive when a parent is involved . having even the appearance of your parent siding with the other sibling ... while i do understand the logic in where you're coming from , i don't think letting even more manipulation into the game would help things in the long run . ( that's what i would call the ... well , in this case , it may be wise to give each other as much space as possible . that's family for ya . if you didn't already state that she was an estj , i'd say she sounds like a scorned infp . haha ! you know , the family dynamic is a whole different dynamic than with any other social circle . i have ... welcome . the amazing thing is that ... you may genuinely be welcomed here . :) hey , bro ! i am also an infp nate . when are infps not stressed with females screwing with our minds ? we get stressed from anything . my guess is intp . possibly infp , but the making plans part suggests otherwise . get rich . you can buy love . i have only read the first sentence . infp . why ? infps use words like er ... ' in sentences to convey emotion . yes . i am a genius . love me . yes ... knowing that you will probably have to wait 30 years for people to catch up is a pain in the ass ... actually , i can totally relate to that . if i really like somebody , chances are , i'll not be anywhere near them . too overwhelmed . i usually try to manipulate events around us until we just ... enfp that hates herself . i believe that , to an infp , that is called a siren's call . let me cheer you up ... :) :) :) you may be the most beautiful woman i have ever seen ! ever ! can i see a pic , by the way ? why have a sea when you can have an ocean of love , instead . ;) crazy ... some people .. you know what ... ? you're really nice ! funny , too ! actually , i think i'm in love with you ! :) :) :) :) '