' i'm not crazy about ska but i do like some songs / bands . it's more like that with all music i listen to . i really listen to anything but there's parts of anything that i really don't care for but not ... lsd is really fun and open other possibilities i have never imagined . you don't just think out of the box you get thrown onto another box into some other plain of existence . i wanna try dmt . i have no idea . i still can't get passed free basing meteoric moon rocks ... well i really don't think about fashion alot . i'll order a cool shirt off the net if i come across one but for the most part i really don't buy clothing or accessories . that and i shave my head once ... yeah i've gotten that a few times . maybe i'm just a strange estp lol . 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? well i'm pretty sure i'm extroverted although i'm currently going through a slump in my social life due to financial situations . i ... i never think about it but i pretty much do whatever suits my fancy . i don't have a problem being told what to do if said person doesn't tell me what to do if you catch my drift . commanding types ... 67 % ... 2 points off the mark . yellow is awesome with other colors or a custom paint job but plain yellow is just ... bright ... when you don't pay attention to hardly anything anyone says besides a few key words then reply with something seemingly on topic or you just don't pay attention and casually segway the conversation ... then you do it so many times you just give up and walk naked / with a towel ( depending on who's in the house ) to your room but if you need a towel to do this you realize your standing wet in a bathroom ... be the hero of your own movie . that's about the best non depressing thing i got . mayans . they could've known the aliens . depends on the study ... if i ever had history or science i would try to find articles on whatever it is specifically . math i've always just had a talent for but i just gave up on literature . i've ... that's what hookers are for my friend . albeit illegal but hey . i like to think of it as a challenge , but yes , majority of females you have to lay down some ground work for and in my opinion the ones you don't have to you should probably stay away from . then ... if you stay completely still in a very dark area noone can see you ... you could sit in the middle of the field and watch people go right by you and never see ... pretty sweet in the dark ! i've just recently started working out again and if i don't have headphones i'll have a hard time finishing my workouts without being bored out of my mind . i think the exercise is the best thing for depression . i don't have depression i'll just feel a little low sometimes but if i ever feel bad or a plain blah type feeling i'll go run or lift weights ... high school . currently a student of the greatest school in the world ... the internet ... i know how you feel . i just got out of a relationship with an infp . at first it was great but about a year in i couldn't handle the emotions and just plain how needy she was . i think she was really ... duke nukem ! ! ! lol i'm making the same face as the little person . [ quote = afriskykiwi ; 4138506 ] one term government ? what do you mean ? the fact that a bunch of people got voted out of office in the senate and the house ? i know that bot presidents ( obama and bush ) have ... [ quote = afriskykiwi ; 4138506 ] one term government ? what do you mean ? the fact that a bunch of people got voted out of office in the senate and the house ? i know that bot presidents ( obama and bush ) have ... one term government ? what do you mean ? the fact that a bunch of people got voted out of office in the senate and the house ? i know that bot presidents ( obama and bush ) have had 2 term elections and ... '