' i'm actually feeling a lot of things - anger , sadness , self hatred , fear and despair . i don't know how to explain . ( and no for * * * sakes i'm not attention whoerig . so if any of you think just * * * off ... thanks . done that . i would like to know how to make friends in high - school . as werid as this sounds im not very good at making freinds or even a girlfriend . my life so far has gone downhill these past few years . im ... i'd like my name to be changed to pheonixfrenzy because it suits me more . hey i was wondering how to get personalitycafe stuff off of my email . i would just like a nice junkless hotmail back so it's less stressful and less messy so i can navigate my hotmail easier . any ... awsome idea ! : cool : my self esteem is 4 what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? well , the type im most betting on is infj and im uncertian because of the congtive function match-up : infj dom : ni aux : fe ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes ... this is my myer-briggs / jugian type questionarre . now that i know that i have 100 % confidence in my ennegram type , being 6w7 sp-so to be exact , i now need to find out my congtive functions and myer ... you must be an alien ! really ? i'd have to disagree with you on this one . while yes my mother is a type 9w1 ( attachment type ) my father is most likley a ( not sure ) 1w2 . but i probably developed my huge superego from my ... you look like an evil man run ! : crazy : it's not part of my idenity or should be if only people wake up . :d ry : but your right , sometimes following your heart is not a bad thing ture ... cynicism ... well what to do ? im a truther ( conpsaricy theorist ) im having conflicts between just enjoying / living my life and trying to gain knowledge . like blue pill days and red pill days . the more ... of mice and men ... very sad . :d ry : my username is a play on words sort of . since im a truther and i like to know the truth in many things i am a seeker for truth . : happy : so , trutherseeker wasn't expecting people to tease me about this but okay lol umm .. don't you have desires , my friend ? :p roud : thanks anyway lol thankyou ! i was meaning desire as a sense of lack ... . my favorite song so far : happy : after some introspection , i may say that im ethier infp or infj . im not sure lol i think i may have gotten the get the point of the 16 type thoery now . i thought that the ennagram was about real ... defenity gen z needs its own forum ! im all for it ! 1 . have you ever become sceptical at material that , in some way , involves the ennegram ? yes i have . while reading online descrptions isn't bad , i perfer to have my own ways of viewing the 9 types . ... this article helped me even though i don't remember winnie the pooh that much lol it helpled me contrast ne and ni . so i realized i am ni donamaint in order ( added ): ni-fi-ne-ti-si-te-fe-se ... oh and i forgot to add : so maybe you were just in an angsty time peroid ? ? ? my theory is this : when we are teenagers we have an idenity crisis ( including me i guess ) and we have angsty moments so ... this is a very interesting post ! i am 16 going on 17 and like you i thought i was type 4 . but , what i didn't know was , that i was i was just having an ansty moment in my life ( around the end of ... thanks , ron ! while i don't care about myer briggies ? , im probably intp . hi and welcome , i guess lol thanks ! i am very interested in personality theories and desire to join this forum . not much else to say . ... some high school . im a newbie , this is my first post . sorry but how do you create threads , or is there is resticrtion since i am a newcomer ? this issue has droven me nuts for the past few days , ... '