' my best friend is an isfj - - same as my mom . i smile and giggle constantly , even if there's nothing to smile and giggle about . i guess i'm just very easily amused , so every little tiny thing makes me smile . smiling is what i'm known for . :) i always dream about people . usually my dreams take place at school , but somehow they're never boring . a couple nights ago , i had a dream where i went to an indoor zoo-maze-thing with basically ... sounds a lot like me . i always just sit there quietly , hoping someone will come and talk to me , although i never show any sign that that's what i want . i'm painfully shy , but i love people . i hate ... actually , my little ponies : friendship is magic is not really like that at all . when lauren faust ( the show's creator ) took on the job of creating the show , she was fully expecting people to think it ... i've tried to do that ; it went something like this : other person : i love your ring ! me : thanks ; i found it on the ground in the hallway last week . other person : oh ... did you clean it before ... pandas are actually in the raccoon family , i think . that's why red pandas look so much like ginger raccoons . red panda : ... sounds fun :D i have had some pretty long , interesting conversations with really close relatives and friends , but other than that they usually don't last long . i never really have anything to say , i guess . whenever i'm trying to start up a conversation with someone the most i can think of to say is , so ... how's life ? any conversation i have rarely lasts ... i'll try to be myself , but ' myself ' is kind of ... boring , i guess . and confusing . the pixar animated short at the beginning of a bug's life with the old man playing chess with himself . i don't know why it scared me so freaking much , ... a dress made of neckties ? that is a thousand kinds of awesome . i applaud you . but yeah , i guess it must have to do with location . i should probably start going places instead of sitting all day on ... my brother is an enfp and he is always trying to get me to talk to other people , because whenever we go somewhere i kind of just cling to him and shy away from other people ... i've tried that ... this is my desktop background . just thought i'd contribute that . one time i knew four people whose birthday it was , so i forced myself to say happy birthday to all of them before the end of the day . unfortunately , i have a very soft voice , and only one of them ... i totally do that too ! i laugh at everything ever , and i don't think i've gone an entire hour in my life without smiling . even if i'm crying my eyes out , in the middle of it all i'll think of ... thanks . i'll try to be more natural and go to more social settings and stuff , but the problem is , i really only have one really good friend to go anywhere or do anything with . all of my other friends ... strangers definitely trust me . people i hardly know trust me enough to tell me basically anything , and they trust me to hold on to their stuff ( cell phones , food , etc . ) when they need to go ... so , as the title suggests , i'm really socially awkward . it sucks , because i love people . i love talking to people . i'm just kind of ... afraid to talk to people , i guess . i'm always afraid that i'm ... hufflepuff - 17 ravenclaw - 14 gryffindor - 9 slytherin - 6 i knew i'd be hufflepuff . i always am . it has ... i do the same , although i don't actually lie , exactly . i just word everything or make a comment in such a way that it sounds like i agree with someone , even if i don't . if i'm talking to someone ... i'm an infp girl , and although my closest friend is a girl , probably the majority of my other friends / people i talk to are guys . i think with other girls i'm afraid i'm going to say something stupid ... : happy : i think dogs and cats must dream ; my puppies twitch and make noises in their sleep sometimes , and sometimes you can tell what they are dreaming about . also , chocolate is wonderful and i ... okay . that's what i thought , but wasn't 100 % sure . you just rhymed ( ' clever ' and ' forever ' ) ! :p roud : was that purposeful or was it just a coincidence ? i've got another one : it's always the quiet ones ... people say that to / about me all of the time . oh , and also : hurry up ! and similar phrases i hear constantly . tru dat . i haven't been here very long , but i have been here long enough to tell that everyone here is amazing and if i ever need someone to talk to , there's a whole forum of ' em here at ... sometimes when i'm in math class , or doing math homework , i'm thinking , hey , this isn't so bad ! it's actually kind of fun ! yay , math ! usually , however , i'm thinking , ugh , math . why doesn't math ... i feel invisible all of the time , too . i think a big part of it is that i have a very soft voice and people tend to not notice me when i'm trying to talk to them . i'll be oh hey , - insert name ... do random non-sensical sentences ever randomly pop into your head ? like , a few days ago i was talking to a friend on the found and i just randomly said , i've invented a new flavor of shampoo ! just ... mom - isfj dad - intp i don't know if this is odd or normal , but all of my siblings and i are either infps or enfps , though neither of my parents are . buffy the vampire slayer / angel are probably my favorites . amazing shows . i also love adventure time . it's so weird and twisted ; i love it . i am terrible at giving speeches , too . i always end up talking way too fast and my words all slur together , and i can't bring myself to look up at the audience . i'm a lot better at talking to people ... yeah , that thought came from my own experience . whenever i do something polite , people seem so unappreciative and somewhat creeped out . that doesn't stop me from trying to be nice , though . i play cello . i just think it's such a beautiful instrument , but maybe that's just me . i love the low , rich tone . i'm also a pretty good guitar hero guitarist . :p roud : i am the one who can have a conversation with someone without saying a thing i am the one who can wander around in circles for hours just listening to my ipod without getting bored i am the one who ... do you ever talk ? ( or , after i say something ) whoa ! you can talk ? ... that made absolutely no sense . you're weird . ... what ? you are awesome ! high-five ! you understand ... thank ... on the subject of stalkers ... i wonder if some people who everyone considers stalkers and creepers are just people who want to get to know you but are too shy to confront you ? maybe they are trying ... isfj ( mom's and best friend's type ) , enfp ( brother's and one of my sister's type ) infp ( other sister's and my type ) this sounds like me ! nothing i say ever comes out right , and i always want to add more and more thoughts to each sentence and i end up with this big long monologue of several points and thoughts ... yay , i feel welcome ! ... which is probably due to the fact that three different people just welcomed me ... anyways , my brother has to use the computer for homework , so bye for now , all of you . now that i've got you're attention ... i'd like to introduce myself : ' sup . i've always wanted to go by a nickname , but i've never been able to think of a good one , so can you help me come up with ... '