' that would be the best description for what i usually am . infp , type 7 and chaotic good , with some leaning towards neutral good . the idea that the universe is a mental construction was also part of the hermetic lore of ancient egypt , they referred to this as the principle of mentalism , in which everything came from the mind of ... i'm agnostic more than a true atheist . while i am against most forms of monotheistic organized religions i do feel sympathy for the nature-based like druidism and wicca , for the philosophical like ... i'm a 7w6 infp , the rest of my tritype is in my signature . i have a few sci-fi : star wars and mass effect european medieval fantasy : forgotten realms epic fantasy : exalted modern : mage the awakening anime : one piece , fairy tail , the slayers i am a 713 : the systems builder . which would make you laugh hard if you knew i am a it developer and i apply the same principles to most of my life . i think they can . creativity is part of the abstract thinking that humans are capable . hermeticism , which started in ancient egipt , contained in its work ideas and concepts that scientists are ... do you like the country you were born in ? meh , it has some good things and many bad things . i appreciate that we're not a robo-society but sometimes it goes too far in the other side . esfp country is ... for me it's backwards , though there is a difference between other people . most are bi-dimensional filler npcs ( and let's face it , most people are bi-dimensional and boring ) , others are main npcs , ... i think they are equal , but that each type is naturally suited for different things , and behave not unlike talent . a talented person can do amazing things with little training . a person that ... i prefer to watch the movies first , they are rarely as good as the book , and in my experience never better . i do and my wife has experienced a few supernatural things . has not many decades left of existence in it's current form . resources constraints caused by the declining of oil production will begin to tear at the structure of the world as it works , and ... if you are interested in that kind of subject the best place to be is puerto madryn , one of the three careers in a local university is marine biology . but you probably knew it already . when i was ... from my experience it hasn't been that way for me . over thinking never sent me into shadow mode , it has always been when other people crossed a line they shouldn't have ( violated my fi code ) . if i ... most said it already so i'm just here to say i agree with them . when you get older these things don't hurt as much as they did back then . it happens mostly when an event like that makes you think ... not at all , my inferior te exhausts me because it has to work many hours every day , my job as it developer requires a heavy use of it . ne flows naturally for me as it is very developed and feels ... i thought it was spanish because you made a classic mistake of people who speak that language , because you wrote de instead of the ( same pronunciation ) in one place . i'm center . i think all people should have as equal of a starting point as possible , but what happens after that should be the responsibility of each person , as long as the rest of the world is ... let me guess , spanish is your mother language . as for the rest , you do sound infp . i am one and my art is focused on storytelling , but i work as a it developer , so there is nothing strange . you ... fairy tail one piece sailor moon cowboy beebop slayers the vision of escaflowne guilty crown saint seiya hellsing trigun the only way i found of not doing everything at the last minute is to make bite-sized portions of work every few hours and keep doing it as long as i can tolerate it . i don't recommend it for any ... i've only had to do it very few times , as it is extremely hard to really anger me and with age it has become even harder . but i am capable of changing from one side to the other in a mere instant ... i'm about 5 ' 6 ' ' ( why you people use the imperial system that is not precise is beyond me ) , which in the metric system would be around 1.67 meters . i'm around 145 pounds ( 74 kilograms ) so in that ... i have it more hard than you , i love to sleep and i need at least 6 hours each day . but i also have not enough time on the day to do everything i need to do . so i end up going to bed at 2 am and ... they're intjs , they live in dark basements with their pcs , i don't think they have the guts to go against this viking * points to the infp pictures thread as evidence * ( this message is provided ... if there is a creator , and i'm closer to the hermetics regarding what the creator is , simply referred as the all by them , which means that it's not a separate entity above , but it is something that ... as long as i have some sort of separation i don't mind the noise at all . nothing more than a mary-sue festival . scenario 1 : tell the truth . i wouldn't remain friendly with somebody like him . scenario 2 : unless maddy decides for herself to stop being used there is nothing you can do that will have a positive ... it's like training another muscle , it takes time and effort , but if you keep at it and don't allow it to weaken you can sustain it for more time and becomes less draining . with all the time i've been ... i may be the strange infp that is more attracted to the light side . monoquel there are many ways of developing te . most are boring as hell if you haven't had a good base at childhood . reading science papers is what gave me a start . i was fascinated by ... trace the money , see who pays them . if it is big oil , big gas and big coal then what they say is pure propaganda designed to benefit their patrons . so far most of them have been paid by the big ... in general it's accurate , details are constantly shifting year by year as more information is discovered . for example it was believed that the artic would melt completely by 2080 a few years ago . now ... september , 21 . this one is for me . self taught developer . i've been working since 2005 and been a . net developer since 2007 . infpblog is right about the job , if you find the right environment then the rest becomes less important , i've ... the next 60 years will be seen as a reverse video of the last 60 years as the industrial world slowly starts to die because the planet can't sustain it any more . wizard from here to japan . chaotic good actually , my ne is heavily developed . and gamer , but reading books instead of drinking water ( i play wizards and like-types on other games ) . on fr 3rd ( and variants ) i play sun elf ... i'm a huge tabletop rpg fan but sl is not interesting for me , i prefer other things when i play on-line . so , what have you found out ? well done padawan , well done . you need 15 posts , so only one more to go . you could be an infp , though an unbalanced one . i've met another female infp that struggles with many of the issues you also have ( the anxiety for example , she can barely stand using public transport ... sorry , 3 weren't enough , i need to be able to vote for a 4th . sailor jupiter . always remember guys love curves , not those portrayals coming from the world of fashion , a world dominated by gay males , many of them hateful of the female body . for years i thought , without ... ughhh , i hate temperatures above 24 c . '