' yes > x < because i said so cuddling is my life blood im connected to it right now and yet i see no notification that it is back up . sooo what's the status of the vent server ? you have the ability to feel emotion . everybody does . you just need to get over your fear of using them . whether that fear be conscious or unconscious . you do feel emotion , it's just that you ... and what do you plan on giving in return ? : tongue : every single person i have quoted your above posts to thinks you are full of crap . ha , ne is a non-analyzing function . what a laugh . yeah whatever i'm done talking to you . go spread your ... according to everything you've said when comparing it to myself , i am neither an infp nor an ne user , therefore i cannot possibly take it seriously . i will believe what i have found to be accurate ... because ne is the most internal of the extraverted functions . with the way infp's use it , it begins to overrule our sensory input . aka zoning out . hence why many infp's tend to be clumsy when they ... this is all ne behavior not se . an se user is focused on what is around them , not what is in their head . daydreaming requires attention to be placed on possibilities , not what it actually present . an ... omg she made a video and now nobody will pay attention to me cuz i didn't make a video and i can't make videos cuz i'm too shy and people will think i am weird infp's are psycho emo wussies honestly dude i just think you shouldn't let some dumb people ruin something for you . there's stupid people everywhere . don't let their ego boosting closed minded behavior change your opinion on ... your ability to use each function ( as you develop them ) can change yes . ( as in you could take a function that is a weakness for you and develop it so it isn't a weakness anymore ) . your function ... there's still the possibility that you are just more in between than other people and you may have been when you tested as intj also . meaning the morph that happened was not as big of a shift as ... i guess it depends on what definition of extravert you use i guess . my definition of an extravert is not just someone who extraverts socially , but who is also drained when they spend time alone . ... not necessarily . i could find out that i love to extravert , but that doesn't mean my mind and body are just going to forget how to introvert . there are some skills that if you spend a long enough ... well , i'll use myself as an example . after figuring out i was an introvert ( which was none too difficult . i am a huge hermit . ) the first thing i wanted to do was develop my extraversion because ... it doesn't necessarily justify behavior as much as it just explains behavior . if you think your t friends belittle you because of them being t types and not being accepting of f types , you might ... psychology is a science that likes to make factual statements that i just have to believe for some reason . many of which i have a harder time agreeing than any typology system theories . i know ... indeed . but i guess that's my motivation to study it . i want to to theorize in places nobody else has touched , and help educate people about it so that that won't happen . that , and i am interested ... that makes more sense first off , take everything you've ever read about mbti from articles , tests etc and throw it out the window . don't let one person who wrote an article at some point in time tell convince you of ... lol stop kidding yourself , you are totally an enfp : crazy : i have not assumed anything about you . your profile says you are an entj so as far as i know you most likely are . that doesn't mean i assume you do entj things , but i did point out one thing that i ... you are looking at the mbti from a beginners perspective . here are some key things i should point out to you . 1 . mbti uses stereotypes for convenience but it is not limited to them . it is a ... cuddle orgy's you mean infp =/ = good taste by default ? : o britney spears writes good music i don't want justice . i want peace . i don't care if bad people are let off the hook to obtain that peace . i was mainly referring to small talk between people who are already acquaintances or friends . regardless , if someone i didn't know were to try to initiate that kind of talk with me to try and get ... small talk imo is just another example of extraverts pressuring introverts into being extraverted . think about it : during small talk , nothing seems to be accomplished from talking about stuff ... obviously it would be much more prevalent in highschool yes , but i don't believe that this kind of behavior in some people just goes away after highschool and college . i believe it just becomes ... i hate it . it's non-genuine and just another chunk of social convention i don't care to take part in . if someone doesn't have something interesting to say to me , don't talk to me . it's really that ... did i say that i believe them to be 100 % true ? no i didn't . i believe they have a very high chance of being true , not 100 % . i believe that there is small chance i am wrong and that there are ... i disagree . i once thought people were complex beings too , but it's one opinion against another . anyway this derailment has gone on long enough . this thread isn't about proving me wrong about my ... some people are more concerned with fitting in at any cost rather than finding out who they really are . many people just adopt whatever is in . they're emo for a while , then they're preppy , then ... you assume that fear isn't difficult to mask . it is . i have far too much experience with people than to misjudge whether someone is motivated by such a simple thing as fear . there are far too many ... np's are not preparers . they live life on a trial and error basis . they live life offensively rather than defensively . this kind of behavior is just normal np behavior . it's not a matter of them ... how to get girls to be attracted to you 101 : step 1 : find out what your dominant trait or ability is step 2 : evaluate whether or not you are portraying it confidently step 3 : stop trying to ... i don't judge their clothes or how someone looks , i judge their motivation . fear is not something a person can hide from me . everyone is complex and unique on the inside . i only respect people who are brave enough to show that . there is a large correlation between whiny , depressed people and infp's only because there are a lot of depressed people who mis-type as infp's and there are plenty of infp's on this forum who are ... i have been accused of being a liberal thinker by many conservative people in the past simply because of the idealistic way i think and my want to not blacklist somebody else entirely . no matter ... if a person abandons their individuality to adopt some kind of trendy fashion / behavior personality , they deserve to be reduced down to a label and a stereotype . emo is no different to me than jock , ... isfp's do tend to be emo more often than infp's . it's basically a social trend centered around the isfp version of sadness / depression . more or less , when someone calls me an emo , they are ... introversion =/ = social awkwardness i understand , and i guess it's debatable as to whether or not someone is at fault for not being aware of other peoples needs since that is indeed not as big of a deal as someone outright shunning ... i'm not saying it's wrong to look out for onesself and consider your own needs . hell , even putting your own needs before others is sometimes justified . but never considering other people and their ... it has nothing to do with the girls behavior , i just don't like competing with other guys for a girls attention . they're neither your friend nor your enemy . they're just other people . many infp's are pressured into thinking they have to place people into bad / good categories because of sj based social ... '