' i'm kind on the outside , that's for sure . i never want to hurt anyone's feelings . on the inside i'm not sure though because i do have a dark side . it's probably because my enneagram type is 4 . hey , are frederic chopin and mozart isfp's and is van gogh an isfp ? just wondering ! i was a very loud baby that cried all the time . i actually read a book once that said when babies cry a lot as opposed to being quiet it is actually a sign of introversion and not extroversion . when ... i just noticed how a lot of people always describe isfp's as loving relationships and physical experience . also , on some mbti tests some of the questions will say , what do you prefer in a ... you made perfect sense . thank you ! :) so recently i have been wondering .. can isfp's be asexual ? asexual means that you aren't physically or sexually attracted to anyone male or female . i identify with being asexual . i always have this ... if i wasn't able to express myself i would probably go insane . i need at least some kind of outlet ! sometimes i can get a little intimidated by talkative people . i have no idea why ! i sometimes feel bad about it because i know that they are people too so i shouldn't fear them . once i get to know ... hah ! that one's great ! ! ! 211626i made this one back in july . this is my second favorite one . :) 211210 here ya go ! hahahahahah ! that's great ! that's exactly the kind of joke i was looking for ! nice ones ! it's about time someone responded to this thread ! thank you ! well , i'm not extroverted ! i was confused when i read somewhere that it meant extroversion . you are right about the dreamy part , and how i like my space ! ! ;) i think slanting to the right can also ... ok so the infps have a thread about bad halloween puns , so i thought that maybe we could have one too ! it's really fun . here's my two halloween pun jokes . q : what is the sick skeleton doing ? a : ... oh yeah here's another one ! q : why did the ghost cross the road ? a : to get to the other side hah ! i'm having fun with this ! i'm not an infp but i think the infp forum is fun . so here's my punny joke . q : what is a skeleton doing when he's sick ? a : he's coffin ! hey i was wondering if anyone could tell anything about me from my handwriting ! there is actually a whole study dedicated to personality in handwriting called graphology . maybe other people can post ... i think i'm ok at it . i can usually tell my their body language if i would like to be their friend or if i wouldn't get along with them . sometimes i'll notice little facial movements when i am ... bugs ! ! ! bugs creep me out ! ! ! even just the thought of them haha ! at first i thought i was an infj . then i thought i was an infp . then finally i found out that i'm actually an isfp . thank you . you have helped me a lot . :) thank you so much for your advice ! it made me feel a little better . it's good to know that there are a lot of other people with the same problem as me . i don't feel as alone anymore knowing that ... thank you for your response . while i was writing that , i noticed that i have a lot of contradicting thoughts like you mentioned . for example , i'm afraid of people judging me but i judge them by ... every weekday i wake up at 6:00 for school and i am always nervous as soon as i get out of bed . my problem has nothing to do with grades or work or the classes i have . i'm always nervous that people ... yeah , reading the descriptions i seem more like a 4w3 . but of course , being me , i am still not sure ! thank you bella ! i've been waiting for someone to answer all day ! thanks for the help ! i agree with you ! i don't usually call colors by their name : for example i don't say salmon , i say a pinkish color . like you , i also hate it when people argue about colors ! haha ;) please don't feel bad about it ! ! then we will both feel bad about it ! because i feel bad about the post i said before that made you feel bad ! let's just both just stop feeling bad about it ! ( this is ... you know you're an isfp when you are the only one in the room that can notice the difference between two very similar shades of a color . hey ! i have absolutely nothing against what you said . you were just expressing your opinion and i appreciate that ! i just wanted to get my point across better because , like i said before , i am not ... well , i am sure that i will never ever want to jump across the grand canyon . and i'm not one of those people that says anything is possible . i believe that it depends on the person whether or not ... well of course both are important ! ;) ( by the way i'm not that great with words so sometimes i don't get my point across ) i just believe that it is important to do the right thing , and that you have ... 1 . is it worse to fail at something or never attempt it in the first place it is worse to never try because if you don't try you will never know if you can succeed . 5 . should people care more ... im a sagittarius so it says i'm fire ;) it mostly matches me .. just look at my username ! haha ;) hey ! i am really curious about how enneagram types affect the mbti types . i am an isfp and a type 4 enneagram . i would like to know how the 4 mixes together with the isfp . i also want to know how ... the meaning of life to me : this is a hard question for me . the meaning of life to me is to find out the things that really matter . i always feel like the meaning of life is to live and experience ... 185274 this is my most favorite painting that i have done . i painted it around december 2013 . i got the skunk and it is so far from my personality ! it was almost the opposite of me except for a couple things . ;) hey ! i'm an isfp and my results were : primary - blue secondary-lavender ( p . s . i am only slightly more isfp than infp ) it says that my primary color is blue and that my secondary color is lavender . ;) well , i am that way . it describes me ! i'm an isfp and i love painting and drawing , but i'm not that great at writing . i'm average at writing , just not great at it . i noticed that a lot of people post their favorite things to help people type them . i realized that i didn't put much info in my description so i will list some of my favorite things and why . ( again ... i do think that efficiency is a good thing . it prevents unnecessary work and stress . and i really hate unnecessary work and stress . i do think , however , that there are some people that are too ... i forgot to answer the other part of your question , sorry ! i honestly don't know if i am more dreamy or more in touch with my senses . what i do know is that people say that i am good at almost any ... i usually get ideas from how i'm feeling and then i imagine a scene and paint it . once in a while i will see something nice and say ooh , i gotta paint that . it's so pretty , ” but i usually don't get ... hi , as the title says , i am questioning my mbti type again . many people say that i am an isfp , but they probably automatically say that because i draw , paint , and play music . right now i am stuck ... thanks ! will do when i get the chance :) hey :) i heard about handwriting analysis / graphology and i was wondering if anyone could look at my handwriting ! ps : i dont know if this thread is in the right category when i get angry , i usually feel like the world hates me , so i go somewhere where i can be alone . to get rid of my anger , i usually draw a picture having to do with that emotion , or if i get the ... '