' why does everyone type kirk as an estp ? that man's an intellectual . definite entj , though with 8w7 ( or possibly 7w8 ) as enneagram type , i admit he comes across a bit estp-ish . still , contrary to his ... i know how you feel . the intj forum mostly seems rather boring to me . it just lacks the enthusiasm and energy that is always part of a seven discussion . there might be different reasons for why ... i'm not dissecting what you said because i don't think that would get us anywhere . this is not about this particular post . it is about an underlying trend that is at the heart of most of your posts , ... once upon a time , we thought that enneagram was about motivation , not behavior . what happened to that ? also , how many more threads are you going to open in order to prove to yourself that your ... i can't see you as anything but a thinker . you build up your arguments logically , and are very focused on amassing facts , with hardly any mention of feelings . apart from that , infps have a sort of ... usually the enter key should work , but i've occasionally had problems on other computers with this as well . maybe try a different browser . quite honestly you don't sound like an infp to me . they ... you're almost certainly an infj . you have the concise writing style of the j types ; perceivers , and especially ne-users , tend to ramble . also , your style of processing information is very much ni : ... i was like that . i only recently realized that that was because i felt insecure and unlovable . i wanted others to prove to me that they care for me in the most extreme way possible , because in my ... i must admit that i'm a bit biased , because i've done a lot of self discovery recently . it turned out that for me , a lot of how i perceived others treating me was actually based on my personal fears ... you're not weird . there is nothing wrong with your behavior . the really important question , however , is : are you happy with the way you live ? if you have anxiety and negative thinking , quite ... i think every type could be manipulative , though for different reasons . what you describe sounds like this person is insecure towards women , and tries to compensate by somehow gaining an advantage ... type 7 : not so much because of the lyrics , but more because of the general feeling of the song , and the video . type 8: type 4 : type 5 : type 1 : this is an interpretation of an old okinawan song . the lyrics are confucian teachings . type 2 : my username is german for elder ( sambucus ) . the smell of elder flowers is my favorite smell in the world . this is my standard online name since basically forever . my avatar is from the german ... personally , i think we should try to transcend who we are ; personality theories can be a tool to show us how we can do this , because they can show us the way we work . our enneagram or mbti type is ... the problem that i see is that though you want to have these people have the characteristics of the enneagram types , you have given each of them a fate that can be used as an explanation for their ... the frozen one razare thank you for answering . i'm afraid you rather missed the point of my post , but i was writing in a hurry , so i probably didn't get it across properly . it's fine that i fell ... hi , the following issue might not seem like much to many people , but it's very important to me , and i would be very thankful for any opinions . the thing is this : i fell in love with a coworker ... i can't at all agree with the description of the seven childhood . my parents were from the beginning subtly blackmailing me , my mother let her frustration out on her family , and my father used me to ... you're a bit hard to type , but i think you are xntj - probably entj . you focus on overarching ideas and concepts , but in a very methodical way , which suggests nj . you don't talk about feelings much ... the type seven description is not bad , but i'm convinced sevens feel less entitled to love and especially to being well regarded than others . they probably don't care much about the latter . and while ... no , it isn't . entps have a tendency to test as sevens , because the two types share some outward characteristics , but you don't sound like a seven at all . if you honestly want to know your type , look ... not at all ! do not make the mistake of confusing behavior and motivation . different people express the same things in different ways . for example , some people , when angry , would shout at ... apart from the very occasional exception , yes ! i can easily spot other sevens , and even if we're actually very different people , there is always that spark there . sevens have that intensity that ... i agree that this is the influence of your feeling function , but these are clearly fe goals . you are thinking of values for the whole humanity - that concept is alien to fi , because fi sees moral ... i hope you had a nice holiday . : happy : but just out of curiosity , what does one do for several days at versailles ? it's not like an enfp could not talk about ideas rather than feelings , but if ... i'd say you are an entp . you seem to collect data from outside and then spend time contemplating it , which suggests you mainly use an extraverted perceiving function and introverted judging function ... i've had too much of the second one , both in myself and my mother , who used this as emotional leverage . i actually like people who brag , as long as they are really confident and not only hiding their ... six.you ' re concerned about your relationship with others a lot and mostly seek a stable and secure position in life . i'd be quite surprised if you'd be anything than a six . not only am i an intj 7 , i also work for an infj 8 . he constantly forgets about my emails and tries to be fatherly to and protective of me whenever he does happen to have time for me . that's pretty ... love what you do . do what you love . - type 7 i'm not going to push this . ( i don't have the time just now anyway . ) this was only my impression - not only from this thread , but generally - and still is . make of that what you want . however , my ... my point is that not even most id types are like that . this is the kind of negative stereotype that is around , but that we should actually fight against , because it simply isn't true for the ... i can think of other reasons to relate to this , and they're not ones to be proud of . in any case , thank you for spreading the word that id-types are unapologetic gluttons . we can never have enough ... sorry , i can't really agree to the seven one . it sounds like i plan for the future all the time because something unexpected could happen and that would upset me . but in fact the planning thing is ... i very much doubt that so many intjs are fives . fives and intjs share some outward characteristics , which is why intjs will often test as fives , even though most of them aren't . ( i test very high on ... you flatter me . :p roud : where do you live , anyway , if i may ask ? ( we can take this to pm , if you prefer . ) that is ni talking . internally , to ni nothing has a definite substance . everything is only defined by it's relationship with everything else , and by the perspective you use to look at it . i believe , ... what sense would decisions based on logic alone make ? logic is a tool that connects the pieces , but it is useless without pieces to connect . those values make you the person you are . i'd always ... you may not be that aware of it , but there are always moral assumptions underlying our ideas and actions . as intjs , we bind them together with logic , and arrange our world view in a consistent way ... they may not be values concerning love and justice , but they are very pronounced , unchangeable and personal values . in fact , they are so strongly pronounced that i would consider enneagram type 1 . entjs are usually proud of their people skills , which i don't see here . and intjs usually are very rigid about their values ( which leads to them often being perceived as arrogant ) , because as ... you organized the op into lists , so you're an intj . : wink : you have the communication style of an intj , concise and to the point - intps are more meandering in their communication . you seem to ... i'm asleep already , and this is my dream . it's a really weird one , actually . it's strangely fitting . i like the lemon for sevens . the only one i can't quite see is cherry for type one . could you explain that one ? i have thought about suicide , but to me it was mostly for the sake of having another option . as a seven , i hate to have no choices , to be forced onto a certain path . to think that i always have the ... i can't say for the other types , but the seven description is quite good . not a single wrong stereotype to be found , and i can relate to everything . the biggest problem will probably be to get people to use it , because many people don't use something because it is the best product but because it is popular , especially when it comes to social ... a much higher death toll ? '