' i have been living with a depressed isfp for 18 years , and i have learned that the only way to get an isfp out of their funk is for them to decide to take action on their own . i think it is best to ... i think you sound like an amazingly interesting person . i love people who wear what they love and do what they love without giving in to the expectations of society . i have never considered ... this simple piece is one i never , ever tire of playing or hearing . in classical circles , posting lang lang might get me into trouble , but i hope i'm safe here ? :) the answer depends on how academic we are trying to be . technically , classical music is european music written between 1750 and 1830 . baroque music was written between 1600 and 1750 ( think bach ) , ... i think arvo part perfectly reflects my inner soundtrack ! tfs ! i totally agree with the posters above . infj's are incredibly good at filling in blanks when communication is lacking , and we don't always fill them in accurately . overcome your need to maintain ... isfj's are amazing and amazingly underappreciated . i am an infj as well , but my mom is an isfj . she is currently in my kitchen cooking a five course meal for my siblings and i for our birthdays ... ha ha ha ! ! my dad is an entp . you summed him up perfectly , especially the part about putting his ne and fe together and coming up with precisely the wrong answer . every . single . time . infp's are some of my favorite people for real . i love their gentleness and depth , and i find them so insightful into the feelings of others when they're in a good place . i'm glad you're flexing your ... 1 ) leave your fundamentalist religion behind . it is toxic . tell someone what you saw . you will be sorry you didn't . read more books , find the truth sooner , and don't try to keep some of those people ... i take a long time to get really mad , but when i do , i can verbally destroy people without ever raising my voice . they will leave thinking everything was their fault . it's a sick dynamic , but since i ... my mom is a sweet isfj , so no problem there . my dad is a racist , narcissistic asshole , and i suspect he always was . i would have detested him . i feel this way all the time , and i don't think anyone around me really gets it . the suffering of others becomes my suffering , whether it's one of my student who was made fun of on the bus or a car ... i grew up with a narcissist . ( my dad . ) if this guy really is one , run and run hard . remember , as an infj , you are an emotional funnel . whatever he feels , you will too , whether or not you have a ... i work with an intj , and i wouldn't say we're cozy . he is very aloof and hard to get to know , and it irritates me that my powers of warth don't seem to win him over . we're both smart and well read , ... i wish i were more balanced and less singularly focused . my perfectionism brings this out even more . my single-mindedness can make me a bit odd , especially when forced to interact after long periods ... since piano is my life and livelihood , i had to answer that . the harp ( aka upright piano ) is a close second . words of affirmation for me ... i am extremely insecure and i know it . quality time # 2 ... more insecurity . physical touch honestly ranks very low for me , but i suspect this has to do with ... covert influence ... i like that . and i rock at it . slip in , slip out , and the other guy thinks it's all his fault . amazing . seriously , though , i am good at it , i know it , and i do my best not ... i am a nervous driver . driving forces me to be firmly in se , and this uncomfortable to do for too long , since it is my weakest function . if it makes sense , the more intuitive parts of existing in ... i'll second the replies who would disagree with your assessment of all infj's being liberal . i tend to think that political affiliation has much more to do with personal experiences and the values ... people cry on my shoulder in record time of our first meeting ... it's that weird infj power . then i cry with them because i can't help it . i am their emotional super conductor . yes . i identify with this so much . middle ground is something that i just can't seem to find for long , and i think it has a great deal to do with my perfectionism . if something isn't perfect it ... i don't like to cuddle or be cuddled . ( inner dialogue = there must be something wrong with me . i knew it ! ) lol cats ! isn't this a universal infj thing ? i have an adorable devon rex who is my best buddy ! :) sorry you've been feeling down . this world holds so much pressure for us , and we demand an awful lot of ourselves too . thinking of you . to answer your question : exercise ! i wasn't very physically ... i cried a lot , but apparently loved to be held . weird . i can't imagine anything worse now most of the time . i did say lots of amusing , big words at a surprisingly young age according to family ... organized , but not always tidy . i hate cleaning , but i hate disorganized surroundings even more . i'm a little ocd , so once i start , i have a hard time not continuing with high anxiety . i just recently took the test . i am a predictable 4w3 . this explains why trying to talk myself out of really caring what other people think of me has never worked . damn you w3 ! yes ... and no . my dad is an entp and my partner an isfp . huge personality difference , but similar personal issues . it's the broken ones that attract me after years of practice . ;( my amazing , lovely daughter is an infp through and through . some of our more obvious differences : - she is scattered and messy , while i am organized and well-planned . - she deals with spontaneity ... politics are my football . liberal leaning toward more liberal ... that social justice stuff gets me all fired up . :) for everyone who misread the tone of my op ... the use of posers was lighthearted , as was the intent of the entire post . all are welcome here ; the more the merrier . everyone who took the op too ... i describe myself as a socially appropriate fe user with a bohemian heart that's open to anything and everything ... an irreverent heart blazing inside a conforming body . i've been thinking a lot lately about how statistically unlikely it is for all of us to actually be infj's ( and logically i must include myself in this ! ) after hanging around this forum for a while , ... i tend to think that common values and interests attract us to others largely regardless of type . long term relationships are about innate compatibility in small part but more about sharing common ... i think zosio nailed it again ... practice , practice , practice with real people . a person cannot think themselves into better use of an extroverted function . i love personality hacker ! they have great podcasts on all the types that i've really enjoyed listening to . backed my car into a 3 foot snowbank while deep in thought and got stuck . took two real adults to get me out . letting my desire for perfection get in the way of getting things done or showing others my achievements . saying hurtful things when riding the high tide of emotion . two observations from my own past dating life : 1 ) every time i met someone i could easily see right up front where the relationship would go ... aka if it had potential . one interaction with the ... i also have a chemically dependant family member who struggles with mental illness , so this hits home for me . he must , must , must be able to feel the consequences of his actions and choices fully ... the standard mbti tests , then research into cognitive functions . then came the crisis that said if infj really is the rarest type , chances are i'm something else . then process of elimination , and now ... remember , people were around long before types were identified . they lived happy and fulfilled lives , embraced their identities , and worked and loved . type is only a tiny fraction of who we are ... - you're only ( fill in the flaw ) because you were raised in x kind of family . ( thereby invalidating parts of who i am . ) - you are so weird . - get your head out of the clouds . ( the things you ... i'm definitely a hugger too . my intj friends are big fans of that . eye darting ... check . lots of expressive hand gestures ... check . my facial expressions are legendary among my students , along ... i like nature in small , focused doses . i do feel more grounded when i can walk the hills under a painted sunset , but most of the time i'm an avid fan of the great indoors . another mystifying aspect of my isfp ... his enigmatic communication style . my partner does this as well . i wonder if this is an isfp thing ? i can't for the life of me understand his point sometimes ... hmmm ... a super dark crime novel with a big plot twist . those are my favorite . after that , angsty dark historical fiction . this feels a little vain and unnatural to me , but also fun . i had a lot of fun reading the answers , so here goes ! 1 . i was born in a town of 100 people in montana . ( i don't still live there . ) 2 ... '