' in a sense , yes . there is so much egotism around ( esp . online ) that just now i feel i'm losing interest in being active on this forum . mais perto do que pensas - closer than you think if there is a portuguese speaking person here , they could translate the whole lyrics . i would ... hey entjs , i know this is an old thread i'm excavating , since i didn't want to make a new one . it has something to do with not wanting too much attention . i have found myself asking the same ... hello again , inmyeyes . :) since i read your reply today , my mind was busy with giving you my answer , so i just have to put it out there , for the sake of my ability to think about something else ... i wasn't quite satisfied with how i wrote this post , so i have taken it down . maybe it will appear again differently , or maybe not , let's see . this song made its home in my heart and mind today for no apparent reason , while i was busy doing something else . i probably heaven't heard it in years , in fact i had to play the notes on a flash ... that's funny lady pirate , i have a dress very similar to the one you posted some pages before . my friend , a fashion designer , made it , and i told her what kind of neckline i wanted , 3/4 sleeve ... i posted the other one in infp porn whoops .. i read only as far as inf hahaha , ' twas meant to be here . however , this one is equally beautiful . ... i have two . no eye has seen , no ear has heard , no human mind has conceived , what god has prepared for them who love him . 1.corinthians 2:9 he has shown you , oh human , what is good . and what ... god created this world so beautiful . there is perfection , there is detail , there is purpose . and he made you , he made you too . he created you because he wanted to , not because he had to . ... hmm , i thought about it .. to be honest he seems kind of fishy to me . i also agree with vivid melody that women and men most unlikely can be just friends , if they're both single and already enjoy ... countdown to the six day war project | jerusalem u it is a mockery against god , to proclaim that one could remain in sin and still be received by him into eternal life . it is ultimate self-deception . do not be deceived , god is not mocked : for ... naturally , you can only develop what you engage in . and the idea behind ' developing ' se as i understand it , is to engage in it in a healthy way ( compared to se grips ) and to have a sort of balance to ... oh gosh , i just want my special someone to be with me and hug me right now . i don't feel like crying , i just don't have words to express what i'm feeling . life can get so complicated or confusing and ... ' and they that are wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament ; and they that turn many to righteousness , as the stars for ever and ever . ' daniel 12:3 ' as the rain and the snow come down from heaven , and do not return to it without watering the earth and making it bud and flourish , so that it yields seed for the sower and bread for the eater , so ... for yehovah is good and his love endures forever ; his faithfulness continues through all generations . psalm 100:5 ❤ ' though the mountains be shaken and the hills be removed , yet my unfailing love ...  i don't listen much to bethel music and i don't like all of it . but the above song is good . it's possible that there are more good ones .  i love this song . ❤  suddenly , i was thrown into the limelight , forced to act as one of the lead characters in a stage play which i had to invent on the go , without script or rehearsal . like ' you are here . now play - for ... to choose to spend time with people who have a trait or skill which you want to develop is in itself a quite intelligent decision , in my opinion . what i mean by that is seeing them in an environment ... i kind of disagree with this statement , because we always influence each other . the people you choose to hang around with ultimately affect you , whether you are aware of it or not . congratulations . :) honestly , who cares about valentine's day ? i certainly don't . it's not even on my radar . but for those who do somehow give some importance to that made up ' holiday ' , don't let it drag you down , be ... plus , a subjective value / belief system sounds rather fi to me . and i exclude him from the idealists . he was a failed artist . overconfident in his artistic abilities then shocked that he was not ... i rarely ever drink coffee . but when i do , i regret it later . it only goes straight to my head . sorry to kind of not jump on the bandwagon regarding the hitler discussion of functions . whatever personality he was ( and i still deem it highly unlikely for him to have been of the infj / enfj ... to clear this misunderstanding , i did not judge the whole group of entjs . :) there was some interest due to this thread , but i'm not particularly interested in looking at pictures of people anyway , ... thanks . i do not believe in that hitler = infj nonsense either . i want chocolate , but there is none here .. and the shops are closed . i want it so much . but i'm still happy . : smile : oh death , where is your sting ? oh grave , where is your victory ? 1.corinthians 15:55 i'm enjoying this thread a lot . :) thanks y'all . my interest in looking at entj pictures radically dropped to zero . i'm saying this , to answer a fool according to his folly , lest he be wise in his own eyes . when you think you figured it all out , i will not talk you out of your fantasy world . have fun . still , whatever you think of me , does not excuse bad manners . i don't keep talking with people who ... and i also feel sorry for your inability to understand my motives ( and btw . i did use the search function for entj pictures before writing here ) . uhm , thanks for being so socially incompetent in return . attractive ? still needs to be proved . where are the entj pictures ? i feel like my heater is trying to communicate with me in a secret language . i was searching for a good description of what ' being in the grip ' looks like . and i found this page ( which i already stumbled over some time ago ) . mbti : form of the inferior function please share , ... i heard this theory that a core type , let's say enfp , who shows the enfp characteristics when their mood is stable , and their motivation is good or high , and their stress level is low to medium , ... @ mjn_the_enfp sure , here's the link . :) and here's another infj confession .. i do believe in ... '