'  i see lots of procrastination problems here , happens to me too . ive been finding a way to overcome it , so far i know one way that works , which is changing the environment to somewhere with no ...  as simple and organised as possible i guess . so far the most cluttered files are downloads and documents . downloads are a mess , from all over the web . as for documents its just assignments , plain ... def one of my favs .    i think i like attention but cant receive it , it just feels too much , so i kindof end up trying to shoo it away . i like dunkirk . its a masterpiece , puts you in the middle of all the action through the entire movie . definitely recommended . ive been facing something similar to this . any thoughts and opinions ? anyone else's paranoia spiralling out of control ? wtf . the first many times i struggled to remember the face of my crush . a part of me is more matured than others . knowledge , insight , some might come from more self reflecting . then theres this other part that goes lolol inside my head . 93 % eat to live . 7 % live to eat . hard rock or soft classics .  ... these days have been working well for me . i came . i saw . i came again . for evil to succeed , all it needs is for good men to do nothing . - - martin luther king jr . sunny or very light drizzle . heavy rain with thunder late at night or near the sea . um , no . : happy :  doing some homework based on empathy now , just wow . how about a search mission ? we connect with nts most , or intuitives basically , might be worth a try to attend various groups and make a list of potential intuitives . bella domanda . vorrei correre nella giungla , nuotare in piscina e mangiare una balena . dopo di che , iniziare una nuova religione per tutti ad adorarmi , rapire le banche e prendere un selfie con ... the tune .    personality traits are what makes some people special among others . :p roud : its important to estimate their personality and behaviour if put into different scenarios . what are you doing most of the time , besides working ? thx . : cool : gives the challenge i guess , pushes the limit , shows me how far i can go . not to mention the thrill and suspense of being close to death . sure , golddiggers are convenient , hookers are a bonus . but true love gives the chemistry , thats what its about . thing is , im not into fake relationships . id rather have my time invested in whats ... cant speak for everyone , but i acknowledge it when its there . its shallow in a way that i perceive it in a detached point of view , but it can also be kind of deep . i think its important to accept the ... i find myself sharing emotions under very stressful periods , stuff where i feel i just cant let go , thats when talking to someone with how i feel helps , though this happens extremely seldom , only ...  just shoo them away with a broom . win-win . better leave them alone , or else ... '