' i realized i am not entp , but enfp . wow . i would like to apologize to the many who stated i did not seem entp , although there is only a mere difference . i apologize , however , most of you ... and i completely agree with you , but given that i haven't gotten to that point in my life yet , it just made me wonder . i tell people i'm an optimistic but i think to my deepest core i'm ... david foster wallace's famous commencement speech to the point : the whole speech : if you have not ... entp you're really smart , but in a way i haven't come across before something about you is just ... different ( in a good way ) you always seem to get me you're the perfect ratio of ass ... very , very interesting . i feel like this really hit home for me , a thought that , for whatever reason , i have been unable to muster up . i'm 21 , and when i am away in school i feel entp , but when i ... your goods would be my more typical goods , so we're right on point there ! writing is my forte , or so i think and am told by professors . our bads are very similar too . outside of math , and i ... make a list of some things that you can easily distinguish that you are really good at and really bad at , in a natural sense . three to 10 each i would say , but just run with it . ( focus on things ... i mean , i'm entp and can get along with basically anyone with a brain . the types i have the hardest time with are people stuck in their ways or those who cannot comprehend things outside of what ... well , i haven't used it in a while and i still feel the effects . i didn't chose to go in-depth but that's exactly what happened . i tripped on shrooms recently and chose not to think deeply , but i ... this post is for those who have tried lsd or know someone closely that has had long-term effects . just wondering if anyone has tried lsd and how it has affected them . for those who are ... entp , been in a relationship with isfj for 2.5 years ... ending it this week . she shut down , became too obsessed with pleasing me and less with pleasing herself . she became unsocial and lost her ... seriously ... me too . not to get all serious and shit ( but clearly that's what i'm doing ) . i have plenty of friends and social interaction in real life , but i feel like the media / social media ... entp / intj team would probably have a better strategy and be more creative - - as well as communicate on a deeper level . entj / intp would probably create better equipment and be more ruthless - - as ... btw ! i was hoping you would jump on the word annotated - - i meant denotative . haha ! it was not a test , i truly messed it up ... but i was expecting that to be your leverage . bravo for taking the ... well , there is no doubt you're entp ( haha ) . i hate to keep boasting , but i truly have never met anyone like myself . i have met other entp's ( 2 very recently have become good friends ) , but there ... ha ! no . i see what you mean , but in my head i'm rationalizing it based on the fact i know who i am rather than who i wish i was . i am prissy about it because people are blatantly ( to me at least ... you weren't disrespectful in the connotation that has settled in america , but you were disrespectful in the annotated meaning . by that i mean , you did neglect the fact that i clearly had personal ... yeah , i'm existentialist too . out . i really just do not care anymore ; i have a meeting at 11 tomorrow and a cumulative exam at 1 . then , another exam on friday . then , i'm gonna go ahead and go sky diving on saturday , and display the ... i give up , seriously . haha thank you for all your responses . or ... maybe i am a complete and utter dumbass and have completely mistyped myself over the past 2 years . but thank god , there are plenty of genius's here that i can go to for such profound answers ... probably because i have made connections with each thing i stated with respect to myers-briggs , but i would have a hard time explaining why or how . it's all relevant , just not immediately . surroundings : i only pat attention to people and my thoughts - - seriously . i do not know how to get anywhere , and if i do it is based on working my way through my head with visions like an aerial ... i meant his iron man character . i do not know a thing about rd jr's personal life outside of cocaine . if that is still se dom ... i'm shocked hahaha thanks dawg i was laughing at his breakdown ... it was spot on but harsh . the intp that i know well truly means no harm , but his personality provokes the opposite . i can't generalize you with the one intp that i ... b would you like a run-down of my life for an understanding of my entp typed reasoning ? i think there may be confusion when i said important things that i am not bullshitting . look here from op : ... sorry i am a bit too lazy but honestly too busy to look into it . yes , ... ... hahahaha haha ohhh no , most of the hispters that i know come off much more s type - - living in the moment . however , this does not pertain to all of them . it depends on the pairing and in-turn to it's ... i am envious of s types but i , to my core , do not have a more positive view on them . i cannot help but find them less intelligent ( which i understand could be a million year conversation in ... i'm sure there isn't a connection ( not actually sure hince the inquiring but couldn't think of a better phrasing ) , but i could count to infinity at 4 . i remember sitting in a room getting ... yes , sir . honestly though , you have to know yourself . intp's tend to be very arrogant about their views they provoke to the world and discuss towards other . it is like an intp to want others not to have that ... well sir , i respectfully disagree . i am open to the fact that you may be correct , but i find it extremely hard to believe . i guess i'll look into things more before i keep parading around forums ... i am definitely a thinker . that response is not out of desire to be one who thinks , but out of complete careful observation of my life and concluding that i am one who thinks way too much and too ... based on this , i would definitely be entp . if there is one letter i am most sure about , it is n over s . my father is deeply s ( estj ) and this has been whom i've learned to be practical from . i freaking love theories ( if you've seen any of ... most often , i come up enfp , but entp seems to fit my description better . tests are shit - - research yourself . i understand and i have , but i feel like i am a near perfect balance . i'm both . ... seriously ... same fucking thing no problem , i've been there . a really rough period of my life where i shut down and started living in my head . take the initiative to go out there and just do something and get yourself out of that ... i had it all up there for a bit but it didn't get any acknowledgement and i couldn't find how to delete the thread . haha it's basically having to do with me being entp , about to end a 2.5 year ... hey the achilles heel of entp's : dum , dum , dum ... : redbox 1 . i'm under the impression that a lot of entp's like film ( intellectual , able to stare and read people without consequence , ... i may have , sort of , you know ... started one . i can change the op that was just talking about the story i posted . unless you mean , stories we write ourselves . ... alright joker , well said . well you seem like j ; whether that is judging or a joke , i do not know . haaa i'm interested in the explanation . i find it over-the-top but accurate in a lot , a lot of ways . this is me x96 an entpx 92s personality breakdown | backwards time machine just read ... and comment your reactions here . '