' edited note : there's good reason to believe i'm overreacting , though not to the point it completely deflates my comments . i have to brief , it's 2:30 a . m . it should be noted i don't come here ... no , no , i posted it twice by accident so i requested that one of them be deleted to avoid clutter . and yes , obviously it's not a poor poem . it's brilliant ~ ^ ^ also , i intended it for ... delete this one please ~ do not move . let the wind speak .. that is paradise . let the gods forgive what i .. have made let those i love try to forgive .. what i have made . do not move . let the wind speak .. that is paradise . let the gods forgive what i .. have made let those i love try to forgive .. what i have made . haha , that made me laugh . trainspotting ~ great film , superb , phenomenal even ... though i don't know if i would see most girls dream guy as ' renton ' even if he did in fact fit every adjective you ... by staryu ~ i have to ask , sensitive , quiet , rebllious , idealistic all made immediate sense , but again i see someone rquesting of ' mysterious ' . what exactly do you mean by mysterious ? : wink : it's ... ok first time i've made a thread here in a looonnng time , not just the enfp forum but personality cafe in general . great place to start , right ? note : if you want to get straight to the ... of course ~ it's the system , the culture , the trends , the societal norm in cycle ~ same things happens with every type of person and generation , there are more popular ones than others but ... i limited it to four because it's late . as well i kept it to the most popular and happy music because it probably emobodies nostalgia best ~ i'll let the mustic speak for itself ~ ... yeah , i think i as well . my favorite part of movies and both creating them or crafting them ( what holds such signifigance ) is the screenplay or script and writing respectively . coming down to my most ... i could write a 80 page essay on why i consider pulp fiction unbiasedly the greatest film of all time . not my favorite but unbiasedly the best . but not wanting to do that right now , to break it down ... i ’ m sort ’ ve bearing a bit of a personal thing within me i suppose , for fair warning i guess i state that , though in no way do i feel embarrassed . after another “ session ” ( 2hrs in a hot shower , ... the beach - - - to me , perfect for someone on the search , likes traveling . trainspotting - - - i really can't begin to explain . alice in wonderland - - - ... tkae , i've dedicated everything to what i believe in . everything ~ no details , no stories , no explanations ... i've made every decision based on what i think should be , and i should do . how ... hehe , luckily in this case i've never seen it , so can't call me on it ... whoever does the calling ~ i doubt it's like notting hill though , the last 1-2 minutes are very wes anderson , montage ... i like to think i have a good or at least decent understanding of mbti personality frequency and rarites . but for the enneagram it has been harder to find . so i was wondering if anyone could shed the ... ... ocean ... that's probably my word ... world and blue are also always around ~ i feel like this was the best spot for this thread ... - - i'm sorry if this specific subject has been disscussed already . infp + enfp ? thoughts ! i recently wrote a short film on what i ... yes , why ? if we all were did that for each other ... you fill it in . it's that simple . sure i'll complain about things , whether i could affect it or not . i actively pursue things i want to ... i could talk all day about materialism , and for the reason i won't . one word for buying clothes of great quality and style ~ thrift stores ( oops that's two ) any clothes you buy for almost ... yes . any category , any part , any piece ... i feel lonely , sometimes it sucks , sometimes it's great . i simply can't communicate with anyone really about anything ... at least not that i've met and ... i have no real understanding of how to cope with estj's except going along with them and act as they act , and i will never ever do that . that's honestly the only i see them truly satisfied with me ... tommy pickles ~ tommy pickles was by far an infp in my book . the catch was being young and innocent he was a very adventerous unshy kid . tommy pickles was my number one role model to this day ... no , not at all , it's all about personal preference . it started with me just being so happy that someone actually made a comment i adored ( your comment ) which just brought in a river of emotions i ... i second that man , i damn well second that ~ 90s in general are underated ... unbiasedly 65-75 best 10 years in music , but my personal favorite goes to the 90s ( late 90s started horrible things ... i was listening to this song , and counldn't help but post it ... everytime i hear it , i imagine the open meadow and them just hanging out playing their instruments singing , and i sing along in my ... it is sad we seldom see this kind of affection and openess of gentle feelings and kindness in the open plain of the real ... only in the world of posts and avatars can such a gentle gathering of ... i'd say we rarly do , part of the reason i have such a hard time staying postive ... you want to keep searching and seeking , working towards , aspiring , but shot down and sometimes worse ... devoid of ... i read your whole post : i'm not going to go in depth or broad winded explanations . if this is truly how you feel ... then : you need to move out of her house ~ there is nothing wrong with living ... at first i was going to say thompson's makes more sense to me personally , but now when i think about it i use my si alot more than i use my se ... i don't know , it's really confusing because it's ... i don't know , the first time i heard this - - - it's as if i tumbled out of a bed-ridden world littered with concrete steps and hardened planes we live so high in . instead falling into a blanket deep ... being incredibly brief : most defintally . namely an nf so your max ehrmann now ? your being a troll , but beyond that something with your mind , you will not grasp . it's another guy's poem , another persons's art . another person's emotion ... stealing ... without question . i pick up very subtle or at least subtle emotional cues at both ends of the spectrum , positive or negative . if a person's sad , if a person's angry or upset with me , if a ... it started as a description , but about 1/3 rd in i just changed it to a poem ~ unseen colors underwater . deep below , light shimmering in the darkness reflecting off those who choose to ... your right this thread was devoted to you being a * * * in pervert . i don't have a working class background , ergo - - your a dumbass . finally if if i wanted posts i woulda jumped at every oppurtunity you ... i can't take it anymore , you're a * * * n idiot ! ! ! i don't even care if your a troll , which i don't think you are . in fact i don't even think you know what a troll is . everytime i read ... @ tkae it can be anything , anything you want to share . whether by your hand or someone else's . anything you want to share in any way or form , from any area of your life . it's pretty much as ... this was the final straw , i decided to move on the idea of the thread with this : it's the first time i ever heard the song , tonight . it was the background to a youtube clip between john frusciante , ... i've had this idea since pretty much the first day i joined here ... it just seems fitting , this place is a sanctuary , a haven . if it's not appropriate , please remove it i suppose . i ... you might be an infp that as another member here pointed out , because you ultimately were not treated warmly or kind or gentle . then when your given that option to give out those feelings you don't , ... your digging yourself deeper man ... admit your original intention or just try to let this fade , everyone sees through your reasons , even if you can't ~ disregarding that there are so many hypocrisies , childish retorts , shallow remarks , and your perverted experiment which has no real scientific bounds , because you would then base it on both male and ... marla : why do you do it ? narrator or jack : i don't know , when people think your dying they really listen - marla : instead of just waiting for their turn to speak . narrator or jack : yeah ... ok , originally when i saw this thread i had an idea what you were doing but was not positive so i bit my tounge . now that i know umm ... why on earth could you possibly be doing this ? ! ? ! ? i ... i dont know ... i tried to think of and cover all of the options for the poll without getting carried away . alas though , there will always be anomalies . your just special . : happy : i think i know where your coming from , but please correct me if i don't . i would say your probably average or above in an athletic capability , but simply your will to do sports or competitive ... i just want to see how we infp's , both female and male stack up in being athletic to our peers . ( all other 15 personality types . ) when i think of athletics in terms of a great way to test a ... 1 ) don't drink liquor ... well unless you really want to . i used to hang on occasion with a certain group of girls , and they would always bring up my one friend who i was very ... '