' i think that through clothing you can very much express a part of yourself and your creativity . it is a very expressive medium , so in that sense i can see it being enveloped by fi . i don't think we ... i'm sure it wasn't your fault . you only sent 5 emails in 10 days ! she must be shy . can't have been you ! ( ´ ・ ω ・ ` ) says the biggest creep of all , sheesh . :P thank you for posting , cascadia . first of all , i am very sorry for your loss . losing a loved one is terrible . the way you love him and was there for him when he was in the nursing home is a ... xd wat i am happy you feel loved . hahaha , the titel of this topic kind of amuses me . the shape of my head is square ! i have russian roots somewhere :) . someone once said i looked similar to emily deschanel when i straightened my ... oh ! i like this thread . dreams are weird . but i believe there are signs in them about what's going on in your daily life . i am not fortunate to remember my dreams often . the ones i remember are ... hmm , i say find a partner who enjoys cooking . and do like the americans and just microwave everything . no cooking involved . it's a fact ! xd good one . let's pretend my highly illogical stance is an objective truth and not a complaint about my own failures in finding a female lover . ugh , i'm sorry , but you intps are too cute . when i'm socialising with others i tend to smile , laugh and express myself with my eyes and face a lot . and i like to point out common grounds , and express enthusiasm for the others interests . to me ... mood jagbas didi i love you so much . aren't you the sweetest and cutest most beautiful soul ! ! ! i love listening to live music with you and discussing serious topics in great depth , but also laughing ... spiders / insects being judged / not being liked being alone and unhappy forever the real world / not being able to take care of myself / life in primary and high school i would never ask for help due to my insecurities . i preferred to figure things out on my own and go down the tedious route , rather than raise my hand or go to the teacher ... it is precisely because of this scatterbrained manner of communication that i always thought i was stupider than the other kids in my class when i was in school . it took me a long time to realise ... i am more comfortable touching others than being touched . i prefer to have the control . i have gotten better with it over the years , but when i was younger , someone touching me would cause me to ... i voted shy , but looking at the chart i fit introvert better . also commas , commas everywhere ! yay ! that's a good one . i was a bobtail ! necrilia cuuute ! looks like my cat :D gotta agree . humans are inherently selfish . and destructive . hahahaha . whoops . guess i need a visit to freud . : love_heart :: love_heart :: love_heart : i kinda love stickman for his povs . i have currently found myself in the habit of falling asleep in the evening , being awake all night , sleeping half the day . : s i suck at sleeping . or wait , scratch that , i'm actually too good at ... katfeatherfoot your avatar looks like a vagina with a pointy dick rocketing towards an enormous anus . what is going on ? thanks guys , i love you all . i feel like this is the infp . we like to be alone , but we also need others . conflict this is why we avoid conflict , because we have so much inner conflict and contrasts . idunno , i'm like that at ... is it weird i don't cry during things like this ? i cry all the time , but it seems at the times when it's normal to cry , i don't . my nan just died . ... : ... ... :: .. .. . which cat breed matches your personality ? | playbuzz this is important , guys ! hahahaha , this is the topic i've been waiting for . carrots and nutmeg ya feelin ' it ? so i have had two long term relationships with intp men and there are basically two things that cause most troubles in intp-infp relationships from my pov : 1 . emotions . intps don't know how to ... yes ! these are some of the hardest questions for me . i always say i don't do favourites . i like so many things , i usually have a very broad taste , so just mentioning a few things won't feel all ... ahhh , what a beautiful thread ! ! ! clouds belong here ! picture from this afternoon :) 434297 yippy meh , i'm just a dickhead on the internet . you should know our stories are actually quite similar . well , koala girl was talking about me in a different thread about me being narcissistic , so that ticked me off , and it was pretty clear she was projecting . really she was rather rude , and a lot of ... you're the only one talking any sense in this topic . i wish i had your clarity of mind . hi , you're a doll . i wasn't mad at you , i always enjoy your presence . :) gee . let's vent eh . i love how people assume you're a narcissist and talk behind your back . i love how people assume to know me around here . i love how you get personally attacked on this forum ... . so ... i guess the koala guy was projecting narcissism on me , and thinking of his experiences with his mum ( i just noticed his thread about covert narcissism ) , which is rather unfair . i ... again , you misunderstand . and you just showed yourself that it is a social handicap . because in this society it is a handicap , because it doesn't fit in . hey i know i need to work on myself , doesn't ... hi , i just want to say i agree with you garwain . i also want to say , that yes , my post was in bad taste . i also admit it came from emotions and wasn't nuanced or thought through . it might sound ... :( i didn't mean to make you cry . i am fully aware that being gifted doesn't mean fun and games . i was just pointing out the * vibes * . gotta be careful with the way you word things , ya know , ... i understand where you are coming from , but i have to admit the whole mentioning of being gifted is quite off-putting ( which is why you are getting some negative remarks ) . being gifted has nothing to ... just gonna throw this out there : why are you waiting for others to challenge you , why don't you go out there and look for it yourself ? what are you waiting for ? why don't you start working on ... woah , thank you benny for writing this . ( i only just read it now . ) i saw a lot of my own feelings in this . i had just had to quote it . the way you wrote about how it's not okay to do nothing and ... yes ! i feel this . this is where i'm at right now . first of all thank you for the many replies everyone ! they have been very helpful and much appreciated . i guess i'll ( try to ) give a brief ... me : infp mum : isfp brother : enfp let's say i grew up in a pretty unorthodox household . it's definitely chaotic and lacks structure and discipline . we've always been allowed to do whatever we ... green hair ! earth or outerspace ? infps like affirmation . i know i do , everyone does probably . but it's interesting to see when visiting another subforum , i . e . the intp-subforum , how they give out thanks way less . i'ts nice to ... '