' or perhaps you are looking at the letters too closely and not seeing the bigger picture . i have two female istj friends - both remind me of each other and both remind me of katniss , although one ... 5 ' 5 , 125 lbs , hour glass but work / work chair is slowly gradually effecting that katnis is absolutely an istj . one of my good friends is exactly like her , it's creepy . she's very naive about most things but very intelligent in other ways , resourceful , loves putting things like ... wandering around the world , backpack on , er , back , meeting an assortment of unusual , philanthropic , idealist people from everywhere , helping save people's lives , mastering several foreign languages . ... nope , never . i have morals , strong ones , even though they aren't apparent to everyone . lazily extraverted , if that's possible . require motivation . infps - crazy fun , tiringly unreliable intjs - moth to flames , very hot , blueish , crippling flames looked . hot . in all seriousness , i really do like to pursue , at least to a degree . i like to put in some effort , mostly in the beginning so i don't lose interest , and then have you fall for me and do the rest ... second that we do ... it involves expletives . ok , so this is an update on the situation that made me post my original question . so , even though i wasn't able to react and defend myself right when i was slighted , i was able to say something a ... i love the idea of having a standard line to say when you know someone said something possibly insulting but you cant process it right away ! hmm ... anyway , if you aren't ever offended , ... anyone else have problems standing up for yourself when the initial offensive comment or action is made ? i have absolutely no problem reacting quickly to help protect and defend other people but ... i'm a benevolent inventor haha , well , it's been more than two years since i originally started this post and , i can honestly say that you really do realize that you learned a lot of very important lessons from hard times . ... ha ! i've misjudged two entps as being intjs before ! so weird . i thought i was the only one to do that . also , makes me wonder if others see me intj-like sometimes too . watch out for competing personalities . also , over analyzing . i'm barely in this age range but i am , and so in my case , i am still single and , after rough endings with the last few men i've dated , i'm ready for a break . i will say that i've learned so much ... just saw this article and thought i'd post it to this thread , since we briefly discussed older women with younger men ... i can relate to roberta ( albeit , i only dated someone 6 years my junior ) ... ... infjs and intjs . oddly , i get along best with them too . x p like a moth to a flame . good point , a lot of entps probably understand people's motives . i think i do too , but i also can feel horrible when , say , telling people that they have wronged me in some way , mostly because i ... my mother just called me this , stating that she's always known me to be this . not sure why she waited till now to tell me . anyone else feel like an empath or have been described as such ? the ... my favorite kind of eyes yes , she does seem stressed and she has admitted that reorganizing relieves her stress . i think that organizing things when stressed is common for a lot of people , regardless of type , but ... funny , when i started getting into mbti , i pegged my infj best friend as an infp . it's not that she's dirty or messy , it's that she's always late for things , forgets things , forgets to tell me ... those are interesting points ; the organized mess . my boss can be very detail oriented , but it's not about things that most people are concerned with . for instance , her desk is chaotic - piles of ... i think that my current roommate and boss are infjs . i noticed a similar characteristic in both , that they constantly reorganize things in the house or at work . they come up with a new way to do ... one thing i noticed though is that i have a very hard time letting guys in and showing them that i really care . this has been a complaint time and time again . anyone else feel this way ? i'm ... i feel you here . i kinda look like a barbie or cheerleader if you don't know me , but as soon as i start talking ( or spitting , or laughing obscenely loudly , or cussing ... ) , you realize that you can't ... hahaha , the fact that this is still even going on means that you are bothered by it . i'm not trying to annoy you , just that i'm saying , lighten up and stop being rude and patronizing to women . ... you sure you're not really an istj ? ! hahahahahahahahahahahaha , again , not wanting to claim you as an entp . so sad . also , ms . goodwitch is gorgeous , where are your glasses ? ; ) um , if you want ... oh my god , you're pathetic haha . i would rather not claim you as an entp . oh man , so sorry you're hanging out with unattractive older women but there are plenty of hot ladies out there older than 34 . you're kinda ridiculous ha . ... i've given up on intjs . i only met one in person , fell in love with him right away , he then proceeded to put me through friendship hell for a year and decided he only wanted to be friends that made ... ... i'm a female , i can honestly say i've never had sex with a virgin , therefore i wouldn't be of much help . but ... i'm a female , so possibly more in touch with my feelings than male entps ? but ... yup . i don't do it because it makes me feel young , i think i act young anyway which is probably why these young boys hit on me . they have no idea how old i am and are usually shocked . that said , ... ha ! good luck . my experimental phase has lasted a decade . it is tiring and then you tell yourself , i'm ready to settle down and get serious with someone , i don't want to do this anymore , i just ... anyone else date people all over the place in age , personality type , looks , height , width , every other way possible ? i'm starting to worry that i am just a freak . i've dated guys 11 years my senior ... on average , i get 5 years my junior . i've been confused for someone 10 years my junior too . most recently , i've been attracting men who are literally 9-10 years younger than me . not sure what i'm ... oh hell no ! it takes me several failed attempts to figure it out on my own before i make myself read the instructions . my old infj roommates used to think that not reading the instructions made me ... i have two istj friends and used to have an istj coworker . from what i can tell , we get along very well in an activity or action oriented relationship , meaning that we do sports , dance , go out with ... if you ever end up having a crush on a girl and you can't figure out why you both have stare offs and you can't read her , it's probably because she's your match . meaning she's probably an entp too . ... two more : climbing gyms or outside climbing areas , grad school ; ) i have an infj best friend and an infj boss , both female . i may have an infj new roommate as well , so i think they are drawn perhaps to us as much as we are to them ? in my humble opinion , the ... soccer . i love soccer : ) i'll be the one hacking at everyone's legs and cussing haha and then i'll flirt on the sidelines . [ quote = the 3rdpower ; 1584721 ] epic sex jedi mind games senseless hours of randomness 2x ' s the messy house 2x ' s the adrenaline junky syndrom [ quote ] i'm validating most of these descriptions - ... also , i'm now confirming that there is a lot of foresight and stealth and coincidences involved in the wooing process hahaha . and it may pay off . ha is this from experience ? bike riding trip with good friends during torrential rain that happily surprised us on what was the hottest day of the year , and during a time when my apartment's ac was broken . it felt like a ... he sounds great ! oh weird , the entp that's pursuing me invited himself and a friend of ours to my house for a movie night , and ended up staying over till 4 a . m . , after the friend left ( nothing ... '