' i don't plan on having a preacher at my wedding . i plan on having a very good friend serve as an officiator . and i used to be against marriage too . but i realized there was much more about it than ... i have another question for y'all . actually , i want your opinions about one of the questions above about who to invite . i really really really want a small wedding . and i don't want to invite ... at this point , it's less about typology , and more about whether you two should be together . and if so , why and how . i also get turned on watching / hearing other people do stuff . even more when there is the possibility for others to hear / see us ... : wink : i like talking dirty ... a lot . i would go back to rowingineden's comment about both of you taking the other as you are . the other thing i would do if i were you is to taking a good look inward and ask what you're willing to ... i get jealous too , but it only happens when i actually care about the guy i'm dating . i've gotten jealous in my current relationship , especially when he goes out dancing . i hate dancing and he ... i have had to deal with parents like this my entire life . so here's my advice to you . it looks like the main problem is that you're not getting the right responses . it is necessary to stand up ... the best thing to do is to move on . no need to apologize or to explain yourself ; that would only fan the flames . when you're in school , mistakes like that seem to pass by slowly . but trust me , ... wowzers , why do i keep forgetting how well chicken broth works ? ! : crazy : hrmmm indeed . yep , we're gonna move no matter what ... in 10 months . let me expand a little on this job i have . i just started it last month so ideally , i would want to stay for as long as possible ( i ... here's the situation : we live almost a thousand miles apart and want to live together as soon as possible . the original plan was for him to finish a semester early and move to my city . but he ... thanks for the ideas everybody ! if i had to answer my own questions , i'd want my wedding to be like this ... what was your theme ? rustic - near the woods how old were you and your spouse ? ... what a wonderful addition , umbrellasky ! i loved reading the responses . :) i have skimmed through this entire thread and here are my thoughts : first of all , i can relate to the op's claims that she can feel other peoples ' energies consisting primarily of negative ... acey , i think what you say is true . i'll even admit : i have been that infp girl that wanted the stereotypical popular boy at school ( and at work in the professional world ! ) . but listen to this : ... wow ! i am amazed that many of you carry on with going to work . i'm a wimp compared to all of you . : unsure : not surprised at all that none of you go to the doctor . today is day two of staying ... infps , when you have a cold , or the flu , or some other physical ailment , what do you do ? - i don't go to the doctor ( more often than not ) - i don't take meds ( more often than not ) - then i take ... 600 people ! : crying : i was planning on having 50 people - - 90 % out-of-towners , which makes it uncertain how many people would actually come . i don't plan on following any traditions . we are ... i've got plenty of wedding ideas , and i'm mainly looking for stories from people who already had their weddings . what was your theme ? how old were you and your spouse ? how much did you ... what happened to the gold ? did pc decide to get rid of it ? i fabricated a very elaborate lie to a good friend who helped me in major ways to save my ass . to this day , he doesn't know for sure if i had lied , or withheld some truth . every time i think about ... environmental science ( but beware of becoming an extremist - - try to get a balanced view of things ... ) infectious diseases ( can help you dive into public health policy ) that video is as bad as any extreme religion . it turns my stomach and makes me dissociate myself from so-called environmentalists . after twelve years of continuous heartbreak , i found someone who is all of these things . he may think differently , but i am the lucky one . poor him ! :p roud : i complain a lot ! ( but with a lot of qualifiers ! ) and i usually turn my complaints into jokes ! this morning i went to get something checked , and the doctor told me to eat healthy , get lots of ... this has happened to me before . and thank god for aging , mistakes , and eventually making good friends to help me see where i went wrong . to be frank , i think you should drop her . you deserve ... assertiveness - - but only in the beginning of relationships . too much of it over time kills it for me . what am i attracted to over time , but not necessarily in the beginning ? a man who knows when ... at first , it was great . in freshman year of high school , i had a class with a guy who i would find out was a very pronounced enfj 3 years later . every girl had a crush on him , so i decided that i ... i could make a super duper long list of both idealistic and practical things to do before i die . but when i really think about it , i think i can live without most of those achievements . i would boil ... congratulations , you just won the super lotto jackpot ! ! ! : crazy : i love you doesn't make me feel loved at all . i don't really need to hear it after the first time . i accept the risks . i wish i had ten of you . the world has never been perfect , and will never be perfect . the long road to seeing this is studying geology , biology , astronomy , physics , archaeology , anthropology , and world literature . the short ... i read this thread awhile back , before i started dating my infp boyfriend . i've finally decided to write about our relationship in my blog . that is basic human nature at work . other people generally enjoy my weirdness . :) so why aren't you dating infp guy # 1 ? : laughing : i never even thought to take anything i see on news and radio ( most stations ) and in magazines seriously ... i felt exactly the same way in high school . looking back on my high school years , if i could do one thing differently , it would have been to tell every single teacher i had that i felt this way , ... one thing that can reduce understandings is to be upfront about yourself . it helps me a great deal when i tell new roommates , look , if i'm being quiet or take awhile to respond , it's not because i'm ... i have never had a major problem with being taken seriously . sometimes the ideas i treasure and protect most get challenged , which may make it look like my friends are not taking me seriously . but i ... when i was 17 , my then-boyfriend asked me if i believed in fate and in soulmates . then he broke up with me . for years , i felt my life spin in constant confusion , going back and forth between ... after dating mostly ts ( and even avoiding fs ) for 10 years , i am convinced that i feel happiest with another f . i'm dating an infp man right now and it is , hands down , the easiest and most ... thanks for the post op . i went through stages with the global warming stuff . at first , i was apathetic and then i dated a guy who was absolutely absorbed by it . i took on his sentiments and ... something like that , yes . :) however , i have to say that sex from frustration ( due to silence ) is amazing as well . let the frustration accumulate ! it's easy to say that one would leave if ... at first , i didn't understand john's explanation about needing to date a christian , but after a couple of years , it hit me that that's simply a major part of his very being , how he was raised , how ... for sake of clarity , i will describe each of my infp friendships , but i won't use any real names . john , infp , male i met john in my freshman year of high school . he was skinny , had big brown ... some become more talkative , others less so . i used to be much , much more talkative , willing to talk about anything others were interested in , and i asked lots of questions . these days , i find ... highly variable . i have plenty of infp friends , male and female , and though they are very different from each other , they all share this infp essence of searching for meaning , heightened ... '