' as stressful as school is , i'm happy to say that , by may of next year , i'll finally have my bs in microbiology and french ! ! i have a bs in science but i can't seem to bs through life .. hahaha ... i remember when i used to have such an obsession with perc that i could not , literally , go more than one day without opening a tab / logging in ... i haven't been online in over a month ? maybe more ; i ... i feel so burned out from life and i want to sleep for 48 consecutive hours . i noticed there's been a lot of advertisements for narcolepsy lately and i pretty much hit all of the symptoms but i'm so ... my dad has gotten back into smoking since i was gone for nearly half a year . when i first stepped into the house , i thought it seemed a bit musty , and the stench of cigarettes is probably one of the ... getting back into the routine of things has been a lot harder than i assumed . i feel completely drained of energy , lethargic about ( some ) of my work , but what cheers me up the most are the autumn ... i have been home for a few days now , although it doesn't even feel like i've been conscious the entire time . did i really take an eighteen hour flight and wake up in my bedroom this morning ? ... i am leaving chicago next week , and a part of me is very melancholic and depressed because of it , but another part of me looks forward to coming home . i managed to make some great connections here , ... the fact that bjork is eccentric enough for one to cosplay her is amazing . what made me smile today ? people walking their cute dogs , and letting me pet them . plus it was a nice , crisp 70f ... i've thought about it for a while now , and it's thought that reoccurs ever so often , but what is my personality . i've been put on quite a few facades , or personas for other people , and i seem to ... i had some deep dish chicago style pizza today . it was awesome . i'm currently on spring break from university and this is where the ' i don't really know anyone / don't know what to do ' feelings kick in . my roommate left on sunday to go back home , and she lives in ... i wonder when humans started to cry for emotional reasons . it's such an odd thing to do . i don't cry much . only when i'm in a manic state . i'll start crying hysterically , hyperventilating and ... this is where i want to obliterate stereotypes in terms of personality types . some of us have well-developed ni , te , and it's not uncommon for someone artistic to also thrive in the maths and ... spanx on spanks ? alright . god no . i have to pause constantly to think of what to say next , consistently say ' um ' inbetween words , and i can't articulate myself well at all . and yet i have absurd thoughts of hosting a ted ... intp not surprising . just when i start getting used to the time zone , america goes through daylight savings . it's 1:30 in the morning and i feel so active still , and my roommate has been asleep since 11 ... it's also ... all of my attempts to ' quit ' the internet have been unsuccessful , as i can never figure out how to keep myself occupied otherwise . i actually find it perplexing as to how anyone can drop all media , ... i'm starting to wonder if all of this experience i've undergone is developing my ni more , as i've been much more innovative and eager to work , create , formulate new ideas , verge a different path or ... i was in video chat on skype with my mom and she told me to open the window so she could see the snowfall on the ground ... australian parents are weird . i also kind of miss my family even though i ... i'm an undergrad microbiology major , studying in prerequisite to biomedical engineering or working in biochemistry . i work with a lot of xntps and i generally find the lab environment to be ... i was a bit of a wallflower in high school though wasn't really much of an outcast . i just didn't stick out anywhere . might have i been considered cool or interesting among the artsy kids ? sure , ... i'm usually indifferent but will become hostile if provoked . it's so fucking cold here i'm going to die and there's someone who lives in this residence hall who has a cough resembling that of a chain smoker i still haven't gotten used to this time zone ... they should be funny and more outgoing than myself , and considerate , of course . we should be able to sit down together and have long , fluid , interesting conversations . someone fairly laid back , but ... the new semester of school starts tomorrow , and i'm certainly anxious , but in contrast to how i would've felt if placed in the same situation , say , a year ago , i've certainly made improvements ... i used to be a freelance artist but shortly realised i only liked drawing for my own personal reasons and not anyone else's . i still enjoy drawing , painting - - as well as writing and playing music , ... no . atheist , sharing some ideas linked with pantheism . this has been the most excruciating trip i've endured , but i'm quite proud of myself for accomplishing it . booking the airline ticket and speaking with the university , packing my luggage , travelling ... warm clothing right out of the dryer . same goes with slipping into a fresh bed after a nice , hot shower . the pitter-patter of raindrops on the roof , lying in bed , listening . the sound when the ... i hate christmas , and i'm tired of everyone asking whether or not i participate in celebration . no , i don't want to hang up any decorations . no , i don't want to go to any parties . no , no gifts , ... renewed my passport yesterday , am well on my way to chicago exactly two weeks from today ! to be honest , i am completely terrified , but knowing so is completely exhilarating . i guess thinking ... four leaves are a result of genetic mutations in the plant , which means isolating the genetic mutation that causes the four leaf in trifolium repens , and i think there's a few grow your own four ... incredibly surreal . i walked my dog around the park this morning if you find a four leaf clover , keep looking ! ! depending on where the mutation happened developmentally they always ... today is my birthday ! ! ! except i haven't smiled yet . my mum bought wine and an other assortment of alcohol last night so guess what i'm having for breakfast . now i just made myself laugh ha ha ...  i'll probably spend a large portion of my life alone , which i'm content with ( as i have to be ) , but i can't help shake off the feeling that i'll be inevitably alone , both platonically , and ... acquisition of knowledge , empathy ( even if i have a very perplexing time expressing it , but appreciate it as a core value ) , intelligence , compassion , socialism . i can't believe we're the lowest scored ! i've been told to be quiet and ease up on the details quite a few times . hard to believe that an enfp and isfj have the same ranking ... a week from today , i'll be nineteen years old . i feel old , even though i'm technically not that old . i feel like i need to get my parents a card and a gift rather than them giving me something , ... my dancing is essentially a trainwreck . i've never danced in public before , and i don't really dance in the comfort of my own room , either ... unless if i want to make myself laugh or something . i am a huuuge music junkie and my taste is so varied even i can't define it , but i'm extremely possessive of the music i enjoy and i only like keeping my favourite songs to myself . i don't want ... strangely , i'm quite the chatterbox when i'm comfortable and have a tendency to draw out long sentences and elaborate on everything . around strangers , not so much . i'm reserved and rarely speak up , ... i've been on medication for bipolar disorder since i was 15 , and it's helped surely as even though i have a very rigorous diet consisted of high protein and overall ' healthy ' foods , my disorder ... satie's gymnopedies are very philosophical when you're feeling down . new year's resolutions are dumb because nobody fulfills them even as much as they like to fabricate details . i kinda set some goals for myself this year , though ... like getting out more , talking ... shuffled through some racks of vinyl the other day and found discounts off a couple who and cure albums . my simple pleasure today is listening to said albums first thing this morning . '