' for me this mostly manifests with me falling for estps . they are the biggest challenge of all time , but rarely ever worth the bother in the long run . do you find , in relationships ( friendship or otherwise ) , that you value winning someone over too much ? i'm the person in internet forums who ends up becoming internet-friends with the asshole ... my biggest problem is making impulsive decisions , particularly if my emotions are involved . i can logically see that i'm making the wrong decision , but i go ahead and make it anyway . i have no ... enfp , infp and estp . the enfp friend seems most similar to me , the infp makes me most comfortable and the estp is maddeningly interesting . it's funny , i'm a female entp and i was going to post something similar . i met an estp 8 months ago , right off the bat we hung out constantly and for all intents and purposes we were in a ... i work in a customer service call center , and nothing infuriates me more than having to repeat myself . like what the fuck were you just doing in those last 45 seconds when i was talking ? why did ... my biggest complaint , in regards to rudeness , is selfish people . people who cut in line . people who cut others off in traffic . people who are rude to service people to get their way . ( selfish ... see , this confuses me . the first two quotes seem to be you speaking to me , like hey idiot , way to bumble that up ( which is completely valid obviously ) , but the third quote seems to be insinuating ... i'm an entp type 5 . - have a very limited social circle ? - - i have 2 people i hang out with regularly , and a handful of people i talk with but rarely hang out with . - don't like being in crowds ... i posted my last comment in the wrong thread , and it wont let me edit it , so now i have to bask in the glory of not paying attention to what i am doing . ever . i tend to fall for guys that i should not fall for . emotionally unavailable men , married men ( i don't mess with them but i end up getting inappropriately close , emotionally , and want to be with ... based on this , i'm thinking estj . i think this career as security for a field that doesn't need security is beneath her , so she feels like she needs to prove to us that she is better than her ... i'm not implying that you will change . i'm still very much this way in that if i'm not fully comfortable , i'm quiet . i worked in the same department for 3 years , and out of the 40 people , i was the ... 1 . last book you read : reading beach house by pat conroy 2 . last podcast you listened to : i love snap judgement on npr 3 . last youtube video you watched : ? nothing 4 . last documentary ... when it comes to typing others , there are some types that are very easy for me to identify , and other types that all seem like a mish-mash of bland personality traits , and i can't differentiate . i ... #entpproblems what enneagram type are you ? i ask because how you describe yourself is how i felt in my mid - 20s to early 30s . i still clam up when i'm stressed , but overall i don't worry about being offensive ... funny you say this ... lately i've been getting irritated that i'll be trying to talk to him and he simply doesn't seem to hear me , but once you posted this i realized that this always happens when ... i've been dating an esfj dude for a few months . i definitely can see why they say activity partners is the ideal relationship between us and them ... because they are fun , and we get along , but ... if you don't mind me asking , how old are you ? i am my true self around very few people . the majority of people ( co-workers , casual friends , etc ) get the hey she's so fun and quirky and random ... holy shit , once again you have blown my mind . that's exactly what happens ! as a whole , it's nearly impossible to offend me , and if i am upset over something , there is a very valid reason . when i ... i'm well aware when people despise me . there are specifically two chicks at work who can't stand me , i know they can't stand me despite the fact that they've never said it or blatantly expressed it ... i just looked at my spreadsheet of my friends / people i know / co-workers types ( yes i make spreadsheets like that ) , and i have an inordinate number of close infp friends . intjs like me a lot , but they ... no it's not that at all . it's perfectly normal for people to sit at their own table in the lunch room and barely ( if at all ) acknowledge the other people in there . they would have no motive to want ... the very same day i posted this , i was nose deep in a book during my lunch ( normally i eat outside , but it was too hot and humid to do so that day ) . someone came in the lunch room , i purposefully ... valid point . i don't always avoid small talk at work , but if i start chatting with someone and they seem distracted or uninterested , i wrap it up and respect their space . but then again , as a whole , ... kaboomz , i'm very quiet in new environments , but as soon as i understand the group dynamic and feel comfortable , i end up being one of the most outgoing people in the group . mainly because i can't ... we have talked before about how many people misinterpret attention from an entp to be more than it actually is . this is a similar problem i have : i either feel like talking a lot , or i feel like ... two of my closest friends are enfp , and my other good friend is infp . i also get along well with esfp and esfj . i like feelers because they give me an outside perspective on things , particularly ... i don't believe i'm confusing se with extroversion . se doms are all described as adrenaline junkies . active , action oriented etc how do you guys feel about adrenaline seeking activities ? roller coasters , sky diving , etc ? i hate them , i assume because of how far down extroverted sensing is on our cognitive stack . but i ... i hate using gps . if i'm unfamiliar with a place i will pull it up , look at the map , remember key road names and turn it off . i can't stand the turn by turn directions . in a sociology class we ... dad : entj mom : isfp sister : estp parents never got along . my dad stayed because of the kids , plus he was a devout catholic . mom rarely leaves the house and feels socially awkward almost always ... i have an excellent sense of direction , as in knowing which way is north , etc . i grew in the country , so i'm good at not getting lost on the back roads , always being able to intuitively know ... i hope i'm one day able to use the word dichotomy in a conversation . stefan krstic , you assume gay people hold parades to gain acceptance , i'm sure in some cases that might be true , but in ... i have no idea what that means . this is incredibly weird . my assumption is that this is your fantasy and it seemed exciting to type it out . either way , it's weird . ok then , we can be friends after all . lol ok admittedly i hit snooze maybe once a week , one time . my rage over snoozing is if i'm sleeping with someone else ( boyfriend , what have you ) and they snooze their alarms like ten times every ... i just wait until i'm tired to go to sleep , no matter what time that may be . i immediately fall asleep , have a bunch of ridiculous dreams , wake up when my alarm goes off ( i never snooze it because ... ah ... i'm super naive and idealistic and i hate it because it conflicts with the rest of who i am . i also never assume the worst of people . i think we are all inherently good ( with few ... lol that's interesting ... some of my enfp friends do tend to fall into the victim trap , but the majority of them ( and somehow i have a ton of enfp and intp friends ) are not at all victim-mentality-ish . also how dare you say i derail threads like other entps ! ? ( seeing as how we are no longer talking about how entp girls like you ) i fucking love enfps . my best friend for 20 years is enfp and we have the most amazing conversations . also the man i most love ( but he is married to a friend of mine therefore totally off limits ) ... my dad was entj , and he was the epitome of the alpha-male . when he was chill , everyone was chill . when he got pissed off , even though he wasn't demonstrative about it , it put everyone on edge .  ... i know one entj female , and she considers me her best friend , and i consider her someone who is cool but also a little too harsh to be my best friend . however , i get that a lot ... people feeling ... well first , there's no such thing as 5w1 . it's either 5w4 or 5w6 . but it's okay , it's all confusing at first . i also was outgoing until about 5th grade , at which point i was pretty shy / awkward ... gotcha . their manipulation is pretty obvious , yes . i have two esfj female friends at work , and we have a ball gossiping and general fun - having , but when they are trying to manipulate , its so ... lol i am an idiot . i meant estj . entjs are actually a lot like me , but more assertive . agreed that as soon as you've gained their respect by not stupid or weak , they are fantastic . '