' if anyone wants to analyze this that'd be great .. i donx 92t even know how i would begin to feelx 85the initial shock would stay with me for a while . id be pissed that i had to find out that he had ... radu hah , thats exactly like something i'd do ! xd conversations with strangers never mean anything to me .. they're just fun . i think back to those people sometimes and call them my friends for a ... often times i just go through the motions of doing what socially just feels right in the moment . sometimes this has lead to me appearing very naive . for the longest time i could never tell when a guy ... do you guys find that your outer personality can change drastically to suit the needs of your surroundings ? i don't mean a complete 180 , but its almost like your a fun house mirror and you become a ... someone recommended me this link socionics - the16types.info - mbti : form of the inferior function describing inferior functions , and i know when i become sad its horribly misused si . i tend to ... according to others i have fe / ti , which i am beginning to see more myself . so im deciding between entp and enfj . after reading the link you provided i definitely have inferior si , i tend to ... none taken , i know that like 70 or 80 % of females are f types , which is why im scrutinizing the whole idea of me being a t much harder than if i were a guy . after a little research and multiple ... what indicates he has ne / ti to you from my description ? thats what i was leaning toward too . i want to type my boyfriend . i had him take the test once , but he didn't take it seriously and got istj ( which is not him . at all ) i know he's an ixxx , im leaning towards infx . he says people ... my boyfriend gives me little hand written notes or poems sometimes . it makes me melt . its so cute and thoughtful and i just adskjfndjkgbfjdbsjhkvbjfhkbirwlhuvj thats how they make me feel your right . im most definitely enfj after reading the description . it was basically a rephrased version of my above description . even my general life goal of wanting to affect people on a ... can enfjs be blunt and oblivious to others feelings ? i am known to do that ... there was a girl ( esfj ) who i shared a physics class with and sometimes i'd feel her answers answers / methods were wrong ... also similarly to how you say i have repressed te showing up , liveing in tennesse i feel my si comes out more as well . i've become more istjish since liveing here , and i know 1000 % that's not my ... my writing style here doesn't reflect my actual self and i wasn't discissing anything theoretical , i was presenting facts . i was trying to present information without my own biases to allow others to ... whats an example of ti that i used ? fi and ti are functions i struggle to understand the most because they are introverted judging functions and you can't physically see the process of them being ... i have no idea what my type is . i am near 100 % sure i lead with ne , but i don't know about my other functions ... i agree more with fi / te , but i sometimes i behave more t like .. so maybe i'm ti / fe ? ... i have no idea what my type is . i am near 100 % sure i lead with ne , but i don't know about my other functions ... i agree more with fi / te , but i sometimes i behave more t like .. so maybe i'm ti / fe ? ... i have no idea what my type is . i am near 100 % sure i lead with ne , but i don't know about my other functions ... i agree more with fi / te , but i sometimes i behave more t like .. so maybe i'm ti / fe ? ... i see loads of ne . i agree with westlose you are some kind of inxp . i'd look into differences between ti / fe and fi / te and go from there . due to your likes i lean more towers infp , but i could be ... i can't decide my type . i think im stuck between enfp and entp , although i may be an entj ? im not for sure . i need an unbiased view ( i tend to see every view and have a hard time deciding which one i ... i can't decide my type . i think im stuck between enfp and entp , although i may be an entj ? im not for sure . i need an unbiased view ( i tend to see every view and have a hard time deciding which one i ... i can't decide my type . i think im stuck between enfp and entp , although i may be an entj ? im not for sure . i need an unbiased view ( i tend to see every view and have a hard time deciding which one i ... one time a guy , obviously he was messing around , told me damn girl you look like a box of cheerios :d ry : stupid hmm im an enfp , and im a gemini sun , leo ascendent and aquarius moon . if i did this right i'd get .. estj ? xd i try to avoid people like that as best as i can . but i still meet them and see them , and can't deny that they don't exist ( and some are quite catty / bitchy ) . did you not ever meet gossipers ? ( you ... hmm , thank you . the way you explained this makes a lot of sense to me ^ ^ um , noelani have you ever been to a high school ? even out side of high school , you still see it in work places and such . girls gossip alot . im not saying every girl is super gossip-y , but you do meet ... i'd consider my self an assertive person . i even had a teacher say it ( i had a project 2-3 years back and had to list a trait of mine . i asked others how they'd describe me , my art teacher said ... so , i know the most common female type is esfj . im assuming that a lot of female stereotypes come from this type . a common female stereotype is that they gossip and talk crap behind your back , ... i don't mean to diss them , . mighty can be good , and a mighty person ( even if they lack intelligence ) will probably get more done than a smart , but weak person . you need an equal mix of the two . i also ... would you rather have a great variety in your life , or fewer but more intense experiences ? gahh . i can't decide with this question . a great variety is nice , but if the experiences aren't intense ... i am a female enfp , but im also an enneagram 8w7 . i've read the 8 ' s type description and it fits me well , im assertive , confident and don't shy away from leadership roles . i am very scared to be ... i am a female enfp , but im also an enneagram 8w7 . i've read the 8 ' s type description and it fits me well , im assertive , confident and don't shy away from leadership roles . i am very scared to be ... as an enfp , i find i get along with sj's . my favorite types are ixxj's because they really help to balance me out , and their normally so grounded and notice things that i don't . i have a few isxj ... im not even more than half way though the article the child development article but its so me . as a little kid i reminded my mom of a turtle because when she carried me i always craned my neck out to ... - halo - thank you :) no your right , i didnt realise it before but it is probably just my ne being a bitch and anti-descion-y . i want to 500 % sure this is my type . if i feel its 99.9 that wont cut it , the 0.01 still makes ... mbti is a temperment thing , which remains consistent thoughout most of a persons life . like the 3rd post above me mentions , will it be a mature at 5 ? no . will it be there ? yes you can start to spot ... do you know of one for enfps ? i already did my soul searching . i reliased alot of stuff about my self and the way i look at the world . i took the cognitive function test once , but i did it backwards , it was a method that was supposed to help you be more decisve about answers . you just flip the letters at the end . the test couldnt ... i do understand that the brain is not fully developed untill 25 , i even know that its frontal lobe which plays a big role in makeing descions , seeing the consequences of your action etc . thats ... that might be a big reason why i dont relate to them as well . my ennegram type is an 8 , which is more brutish / assertive . i have a looked at profiles . when i just look at profiles i think i fit best with enfps . but then i go into forums and the people interacting with real enfps / entjs is what makes me change my mind ... i have narrowed down my cognitive functions to ne , te , fi and si but i don't know what order they should be in , and i don't know how to figure it out . i thought i was an enfp , and descriptions ... i have narrowed down my cognitive functions to ne , te , fi and si but i don't know what order they should be in , and i don't know how to figure it out . i thought i was an enfp , and descriptions ... i have narrowed down my cognitive functions to ne , te , fi and si but i don't know what order they should be in , and i don't know how to figure it out . i thought i was an enfp , and descriptions ... i have to agree , it makes me wonder if i even an enfp sometimes , but the functions / there order makes a lot of sense for me ... i feel like most enfps on the forums appear to have a stronger fe , and ... i would say anytime i delve too deeply into my own emotions , or im sad and in a depressive state i start to feel depersonalization . i start to feel disconnected to the world and if it continues , my ... '