it's not my fault that i'm not popular , anyone ? i recently began reading it and i just want to give tomoko a big hug . oh that's nice i guess i could be an intj instead . / strokes one of those white fluffy cats with the mashed up faces and laughs at globe maniacally i'm guessing xsfj . lots and lots of si and fe . heh , that's me ! / one-ups everyone . i didn't even notice it , but now that you mention it it's annoying the shit out of me . it's pointing up at something i'd rather not mention { i'm sure you can deduce } in another tab . link it if it's worth watching . wow rude . :[ donnetout cechic etromantique . alors faisons-le comme ils le font sur u200bu200bdécouverte canal je tiens à vous dire comment se plonger dans ta chatte caverneux nous allons tenir la main sur un tas de ... scientists , too . y'all mothafuckas lyin , it's gettin me pissed .  welp that's enough internet ... okay . yeah . thanks for that . it's not like i was planning on sleeping again , anyway . fucking clowns , man . ಠ_ಠ hahahhahaha pissing my fucking pants i can't breathe rofl ... japanese girls exchanging bodily fluids most of my friends are my age or older than me by a few years . what if one day you woke up and your nipples were gone like no scars or anything just flat skin and once you leave your room you find out your dad died and several days later you found out that every ... stupid people : mild annoyance . jokingly insult them and sit back in dissonant serenity . being challenged : prove them wrong . being insulted : i don't usually have problems with this , but at first ... entp , slytherin . i'm thinking ixtx , he isn't the best at communicating with people . being totally typist here and going by stereotypes . i'm the kind of person who downs a metric fuckton of coffee at their friend's house in hopes of looking mature then stays up all night with no pants giggling hysterically at stupid shit on the ... boku no pico . whatever loki is , i'm going to stalk the hell out of that type . ( ﾉﾟ ▽ ﾟ ) ﾉ ・ 。 * 。 ✧ ・ ゜ ゜ ・ 。 ✧ 。 * ・ ゜ ゜ ・ ✧ 。 ・ ゜ ゜ ・ 。 * 。 ・ ゜ * ✧ i'm just here to observe and learn because i have trouble relating to isfjs . funny how many of you claim to use seriousness as a security blanket . i use humor that way because it isn't socially ... paranoid 74 % schizoid 50 % schizotypal | | 54 % antisocial | |8 6 % borderline | 34 % histrionic 26 % ... entp , slytherin . your score was 86 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people who ... what's your type and what do you mistype as a lot ? if you had to be a different type , what would your runner-up be ? are you on the middle of any axis ? why ? if not an entp , i think i'd be an enfp ... the introspector you scored 15artist , 65 philosopher , 20 scientist ! you are an abstract thinker and probably spend a good deal of time by yourself , or at least , isolated mentally . much of the way ... meh , knew it would be an experiment . it's on an entp forum after all . i was hoping there would be some link to a shock site or something interesting like that . sounds a little supervillainy , but that pretty much sums it up . often toys to play until they break . personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? - any nicknames ? hmm ... vulpes inculta . ;D * male / female / trans ? female . location - where were you originally born ? where do you live ... i'm an entp on the verge of enfp . well , it's evil manifested as something other than actions , so the most heinous thing they can imagine . ( this guy : ... yeah , i'm immature . people try to pull this crap on me a lot . i'm nice to them at first but if they keep doing it i'll sarcastically congratulate them on the keen observation as if it's hard to see then tell them to ... i like them . did i hear someone say . gif spam thread or am i tripping over a massive majestical pile of nutsacs we are sex bomb omb and we're here to slow your internet down and stuff ... i'm an entp and i'd have to say the funniest show i've watched is south park . i love the principle of it , that nothing is sacred and no one is exempt from parody . i like dan vs . , regular show , and ... country of origin : the inviting and freefalling but firm bosom of lady america . country lived in the longest : same . nationality : russian / american urban / suburban / rural ( when you were growing ... D: please type me because i must be defined or i will explooode ! ! ! 111 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? pretty much everything . i'm a popular perpetual loner , a ... 31217 eeeyup . asdkakfdjlas why is it tiny . .. yeeaaahh . where is your god now ?  doth thou accept thy challenge ? then onward .. taketh ! enough with the pseudo-ye-olde-english . i'm really bored and curious about correlation between personality types and other factors . so yes ... stealing this from another forum . say something reeeaaally un-entp . i figured out i was an entp recently and want to see how far the results go and how much we're alike . let's start off simple ... the creator of this meme read my mind . baby : i cried and shat myself like any other baby . toddler : i had a nasty biting problem and an impressive vocabulary . talked like stewie . little kid { preschool }: got along well with boys but not ... i'm an entp and i have yellowy green snake eyes . oh , the future hands down . pardon my french , but the past can smd . you've got textbooks to learn about the past . stepping on a bug on the past could result in hitler having three nipples and the ... your type : entp mom's type : isfj dad's type : never knew him . siblings ' type ( s ): i'm an only child . best friends ' type ( s ): to put it simply , all of my bonds are shallow and volatile , but i do have ...