' coloratura - esfj ? svengallop - estj marble pie - isfp limestone pie - istp shadowbolts : sugarcoat - istp sunny flare - estj sour sweet - esfj indigo zap - estp lemon zest - entj most of these are based on fan interpretations . any ideas ? 3 : frustrating : did anybody see the new friendship games short ? sunset seems to be a se user . she doesn't like theory and books , she wants to get hands on when she's learning . before this , i'd personally thought ... i can relate so much . : kitteh : everything i do , in the back of my mind is a voice nagging me : is this ne or something else ? i feel like this a paradox . enfps tend to overanalyze and think of new ... what came first : the tomato or the potato ? depends on the situation . : tongue : example a : i have a friend i met back in january . he obviously liked me , but since we only chatted online , i pretended i was oblivious . when he confessed he ... i have an entp friend who doesn't believe i'm depressed , because i wear a happy mask , but i don't feel like i can talk to her about it . i don't talk to anyone about my deep feelings . i'm heteroromantic asexual , lithoqueer ! : tongue : i mean , i don't know if i'm lithoromantic or not , i'm exploring the possibility . luna was more fun in the comics , i agree . : kitteh : i think infp would make sense for her , since they're known as healers . luna personally helps ponies through their dreams , and eases their fears . i was going with the he doesn't care for being liked that much thing . watch make new friends and keep discord . actually , i think he might be an entp , because in a season 5 episode he has to deal with jealousy , :P how many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop ? i think sunset is just the element of magic in the human world . the elements are able to have different owners , i believe . maybe twilight will join they're friend group , but i don't think it would be ... i think sunset is just the element of magic in the human world . the elements are able to have different owners , i believe . maybe twilight will join they're friend group , but i don't think it would be ... hey equestria girls fans , do you think human twilight would be the same personality as pony twilight ? i'm not old enough to go around dating and dumping people in the span of a week . : tongue : but if i was , i wouldn't be comfortable just judging a random guy who walks up and asks me out . i'd prefer a ... this might be a 4 thing , but i've tried to write a song several times and i never get very far because i listen to so much music and i'm worried whatever i'm writing isn't original enough . my mind is ... aw , you didn't see amending fences ? it's the newest episode ! also , nobody wants to discuss moondancer , minuette , twinkleshine , and lemon hearts ? ? i think you mistyped . : tongue : with the keyboard , i mean . best movie ever ! : tongue : i haven't seen a thread for inside out yet . someone typed riley as an esfp , and i think that fits . a comment on the post wondered if the emotions would be different ... okay , new episode , new character development ! moondancer : si-user , i think ? istj ? minuette : enfp , because she was so giggly and adorable and pinkie pie-ish . : kitteh : twinkleshine : isfp , idk , i ... maybe i am qualified to type people ! :p roud : thanks ! :p roud : i got 7 on my first try . a couple months later , i took a different one and got 4w5 . fits me better . : happy : you are a 5 . : tongue : just kidding , i am not qualified to type people . 1 fear : being evil 2 fear : being unloved / unwanted 3 fear : being worthless 4 fear : not unique and having no identity 5 ... enneagram is based off of people's fears . 4 ' s fear , for example , is not being unique . 5 is not knowing enough . 6 fears abandonment . : frustrating : do you know your enneagram type ? that's something a 4 would say . : tongue : with swag . : cool : yes , i am self conscious that i look ridiculous while walking . my arms might be swinging , i'm just so swag . : tongue : fabulous . : kitteh : next time i see an intj , i'll be sure to give them a potted plant or dump rolls of wallpaper on their head . : crazy : intj people , if you're in close range to your crush , will you guys walk by and just sneak glances at them ? what did everyone think about pinkie's party cave ? didn't fluttershy claim pinkie was more organized than twilight ? : tongue : what's the correct description of si ? :P i'm certain i use it over se , though . edit : also , it's weird , my best friend typed me as an intp at first , and when i lokoed back to a couple years ago , ... true that ! :D i know an intj online and an intj irl . intj in real life : we're pretty cool together , though i have a crush on him so i try to tone down my insaneness . : glee :: mushroom : intj online : he recently ... okay , story : yesterday i took my friend's phone and started taking pictures of her while she wasn't looking . the five year old sitting across from me said , you're weird . she then proceeded to ask ... awesome ! there should be a thread like this for all types to discuss ! : 3 right now , i'll stare at him , maneuver myself so that i'm near him in crowds , stuff like that ! :p erc 2 : what about the sterotypes for other types , too ? : glee : if you can disregard every stereotype and sum enfps in one sentence / word ( chasing possibilities and ideas ) i'm curious to see what you'd say for ... 1 . yes , i'd say that's true , at least for me ! i feel so disconnected ( i'll start daydreaming ) when i don't feel accepted . 2 . hm , i believe so ! : smile : 3 . i'd give that a yes too ! : laughing : 1 . yes , i'd say that's true , at least for me ! i feel so disconnected ( i'll start daydreaming ) when i don't feel accepted . 2 . hm , i believe so ! : smile : 3 . i'd give that a yes too ! : laughing : thank you for joining us in this lovely forum ! : love_heart :: glee : option 2 ! : smile : i haven't listened to stephen yet ! xd kesha's fabulous songs that are underrated and need to be listened to pronto ! ~ feels like rain ~ out alive ~ chain reaction ~ best friend's boyfriend ~ i'm the one ~ save me : glee : lyra likes pi . : stomp : that sounds about right . derpy seems like a feeler , i know her fanon type prior to the episode was infp . what do you think about vinyl's and / or octavia's types ? i wish i could write songs at all ! i tried once and they were all really bad . anyways , i feel like anything i could write wouldn't be original enough . : unsure : i write fanfiction ! : tongue : '