' as a fellow istj jc2 student i don't think giving him articles about sleep science is going to change his ways . i am more apt to trust in my own experience of the condition of my body than in ... nah you look more lke an intp to me . i would use ti-fe vs te-fi to discern this rather than trying to place si-ne in your stack . you have expressed a general lack of practicality in your thoughts ... i don't think any of us who've replied so far have an hour to spare to watch the videos you linked so can you explain your idea of leadership as a husband ? it will certainly help much more than ... disprove ? but burden of proof is on the asserting side . how now brown cow ? how about this : i can very clearly feel that my sensing function is si and not se . i can very clearly feel the difference between si and se . i actually have to force myself to really focus on the outer environment as it is . this really affects how i enjoy performance arts . for ... my infj ex sure did , so i guess i'll put in a vote for her . i do like thinking about philosophy , though it's more for the logic parsing and consistency checking aspect than being excited by ideas , as n types might instead feel . my mind also doesn't seem to ... as niss has suggested , addiction isn't really linked to type . on the other hand , i can see the theoretical case for cognitive functions leading to indulgence in different ways . a basic example from ... whoa , that's socionics , not mbti or keirsey . socionics is a very different system . functions wise socionics istj ( tise ) corresponds with mbti istp , not istj , though istj text descriptions can sound a ... keirsey did indeed say that based on his data , nt-nf pairings are the most stable , or fulfilling or whatever exactly it was he said . as for every other letter being different , i . e . intj-enfp , he made ... image 1 : d . it has the white ellipse which doesn't appear in group 1 so you only have to check if it belongs in group 2 . it doesn't look like it belongs in group 2 because in group 2 , the black donut ... when i was sixteen , i was in a long-distance relationship with someone five years older for about nine months . it was great while it lasted and we broke it off for a variety of reasons , but i think ... what is your myers briggs type ? istj which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? infp , esfp , ? ? ? ( not enough interaction with other types ) which are the myers briggs types you ... not saying that you interpreted it this way , but just to clarify , when i said i have high standards , i mean that i have high standards for the relationship . this then gives rise to high standards ... yes , i find it hard to find relationships ... because i have a pretty high requirement for the amount of pleasure a relationship should give me to justify being in one instead of being single and doing ... he actually sounds more like an intj . connecting the dots to the best plan sounds like an ni thing , and not interacting well with his environment suggests sensing being low in his functional ... i've come to realise that a surprisingly large proportion of people i've been friends / friendly with have actually been intps . this is how a typical interaction goes : the intp will tell me about ... intangible , airy fairy ideas and non-concrete solutions . two things istjs generally don't take to readily . more specifically to this situation , if i were in that person's position and you told me ... actually quality time is my number 1 love language . i value time a lot because it is a finite resource that money cannot buy ( in one sense at least ); time stops for no one . i would wager that many ... the results of a desire to help others are indeed beneficial to others . however , that does not necessarily mean that the desire itself is always good . the problem in you i think the other posters ... age : 17 gender : none ethnicity : chinese personality trait you are proudest of : stability ( best guess ) profession : it professional , but preferably musician or a music-related job hobby you most ... my relived memories are detailed only as much as i was paying attention . i don't remember what my father was wearing during lunch a few hours ago ! i can't for the life of me recall dreams though . as ... ha , that's how i am too ! if there is an objectively good and relatviely easy to execute way to bring order to something then i'll do it , otherwise i just ... put it off ... and it doesn't happen . my ...   perhaps he has some issues with you knowing about his girlfriend , but i really don't know . his behaviour is unrelated to mbti , and you'll probably get more help at the advice center . no , but i might be able to tell based on their writing style . my school is one of the top schools in the city / state / country . in secondary 3 ( 15yo ) , the whole cohort takes the mbti instrument and goes through a workshop to understand the mbti better . this is ... i know i'm really late but still : to get him to give the type of affirmation you like to receive but he dislikes giving , you can give the type of affirmation he likes to receive but you dislike ... that's approximately 175cm . are you really sure ? back on topic : 1 . taller than my 5 ' 6 self 2 . small chest , hips and butt 3 . fashion tryhard every once in a while ( it's really hot and humid ... c-c-c-http :/ / mgsrvr.com/d9c465ec54c1c86df2ce11501edc5010.gifombo breaker ! unfortunately , surveys have shown that 91 % of artists who are satisfied with their career are intuitives . the general behaviours and preferences of sjs also do not lend themselves easily to artistic ... battleships , oh yes . unfortunately i don't play any other board games regularly so i can't say what else i'm good or bad at . when i feel negative emotions , i examine them logically e . g . figuring out the cause , whether i am justified to feel this way , how this emotion will affect myself and those around me , etc . i take ... code geass and angel beats ! . true story . i play league of legends and tribes : ascend . here's a trailer for t : a : youtu.be/bcnnu3d5rhc i had my mbti test professionally facilitated . after the paper test but before we checked our results , the facilitator explained to us each dichotomy and had us choose which one we thought ourselves ... ( i know pyrrho didn't actually create it ) i am a young istj . i did the actual form m and subsequent self-evaluation , professionally facilitated . i completely agree with my type . i play ... '