' dear lord you are so base . أنا أتحدث العربية * indecipherable parrot noises * you're an absolute ledge , the archbishop of banter bury , an edge lord . fuck my face . i'm a homeless man without internet access , i miss my homeless friends i'm your best friend . if a dime , a 10/10 walked up to me and said hey , come have sex with me . there is no way i could say no . it would have to be a drop dead gorgeous women though . i'm 20 years old and the chances that ... their biggest problem is that they are entp . i think before posting in the entp sub-forum it is best to look around at other threads in the forums so that one can understand the sort of responses they are going to get and not get offended , ... par for the course i can feel the enpteness of a meaningless world you guys suck , my dream squad would have been 3 intp's and 2 entp's , but after the egregious exclusion of my sister type i going to pick 5 female isfp's and have a great time for a week or two before ... napalm in the morning thinking about a relationship with an entj freak me out , haha . absolutely , i am not super-human - i would say personally i recognize immediately that i am intimidated and understand where it's coming from . with this in mind i do not act differently on the ... you are kebab . you're a real weird parrot man , stay out of my neighborhood - for decent parrots only . you guys are incredibly talented and impressive human beings . wankers . xdxd panpa xdxd 9/1 o thanks m8 8/ 10 i have a great time , no seriously , i have a really good time . god-fucking-incestual-mormon-shit-stain classic . kid turned out to be a good guy , shame he was playing on the other team . > kid fumbles fall > team-mate yells at him , good job dick hands . ... sometimes i read a post and i think , yeah , that's what i would have posted . this is one of those times 10/10 . i'm in one of those depressed phases right now - i've accomplished much in my life so ... when i read this line i imagined a drunk parrot riding atop a wrecking ball with the word truth emblazoned on the side a la miley cyrus . tiredsighs i would say si , as i strongly identify with unexplained withdrawals accompanied , by a general sense of sadness / hopelessness , i also identify with worrying focus on body . continue posting to achieve dreams of minimal intellectual prowess beatings will continue until morale improves . op had promise , throngs of plebians de-railed good thread . thanks guys . this to t , apparently i'm only funny when i'm not joking . the only problem i've run into is : intp's have a tendency to have very strong feelings about the ideas they generate and take them very seriously . this can cause friction when an entp is in a playful ... what's up ? give him a second chance he seems like a great guy ! op was an incredible mix of overblown humility , wasted potential and sadness . stop selling yourself short , you seem like the kind of guy who could achieve the impossible if he only dared to try . go ... double major - poli sci and economics the key to college is be social in the first few weeks before people form their cliques - everyone comes in with a clean slate . try to stick your feet in as ... wrote this honestly , i don't write - though i used t write up songs to music i made in my head . do not feel like you have to use traditional organization , use what works best , if you're any sort of entp you will find what works best for you . i use one of those really small handheld notepads and ... the new york times can not afford to lose it's slight liberal bias , and can not be creative as it is an incredibly credible source in the mainstream news world . the older i get the less i argue vocally - in my head i still run over how i'd respond , but don't combat them . when i was younger i was a nightmare about it . maturity tempers bad habits . how do i talk 2 girls at parties ? my brother is an estp , my brother uses xd , therefore my brother is not an entp . science dude , get a grip . go hokies - that being said on a scientific note the amount of xd's op used makes them a confirmed estp . militant equality of sjw's disrupts the ability for society to stabalize itself nad for different groups to interact harmoniously . desire machine , i was just at my desk googling tai chi , tell me if you decide to try it and how it goes . i think it is important to note texting is a drag for many entp's , sometimes i don't text back because it seems like ~ so ~ much work ! interesting first thread title , welcome ! complete response list istj i obviously can't talk for everyone , but i just try to be perfect around them , and sooner or later i try to flirt , but if i don't get the wanted response , i just wait ... as an entp i fuck on the first date . entp - i am not going to die , fuck off . '