' i can apparently come off very much like an intj in certain modes ( like interaction with a career counselor or potential employer ) , but at heart there were never any doubts in my mind that i was an f ... hehehehe ! ! ! i'm glad ! ! ^ . ^ i liked the mental image and it made me laugh when i first saw it too ! ! ! xd hehehe i felt like it fit somehow i've actually been on the other end of the spectrum ! ! haha i've speculated from time to time about enfj-ness and fe vs . fi usage in myself ! i think for me i feel mostly enfp at heart , but i've found ... sophiamarie : ( * hugs from here too ! ! * i feel your frustrationx 85 obviously i canx 92t know completely what itx 92s like for you , because wex 92re different people , but i know how it feels to be frustrated by ... itx 92s so funny that you should post this now , because ix92ve recently been re-examining and trying to work through things of a similar sortx 85 i hate that you had to experience that , but ix92m also grateful ... me neither :P hehe i see / feel a strong affinity with and understand oliver's character in a * lot * of ways , which makes me wonder sometimes if he could be an enfp ( messed up by the island ... i don't know everything about those sort of things , and i don't think i necessarily think there's an automatic correlation , but i do find it interesting to toy with the ideas sometimes ^ . ^ i'm a ... has anyone seen or given any thought to typing the show arrow yet ? ? ( hopefully i haven't missed another thread for it if it's already been started xp ) it's still fairly early since it's season 1 , ... it's definitely interesting . i think you're right about everyone holding back in ways to varying degrees , but there is something slightly different about the way we're discussing now ... i'm not ... absolutely in my case ! ! and you described it * perfectly * ! ! and i think ideally i * want * to share that side of me with everyone , but i do hold back unless the person is deemed x91worthyx92 ( not in a ... sometimes yes , sometimes no . xp hehehe a lot of the time it really just is that nex 85 xd there are times i will change the subject on purpose thoughx 85 if itx 92s with someone i trust completely , ... haha ! ! i would probably think the same thing if someone said that about me ! ! xd i think that wording is perfect ! aww yay ! ! ^ . ^ hehehe i know i can be pretty long-winded ( maybe why i tend to get along with infjs ? ;P ) but the energy here is definitely infectious ! ! ^ . ^ i'm glad we all have perc to engage ! ! and ... i thought this was a * really * interesting question … i think from your description if i had to choose one i might have to go with body-oriented … i definitely cringe and * feel * things when thinking ... that's actually kind of funny that you would post this ! ! i was just told the other day that i reminded someone of lilly ! haha ( though actually watching the show is still on my to-do list ! :P ) 64798 : d ( didn't turn out quite as smoothly as i'd hoped , but still xp hehe ... plus all the other ones people have suggested look pretty good ... ) omg this is amazing ... i might've spazzed out a little when i opened this thread : d edit : and i love how they're grouped into themes / emotions ! oh heck yes . i had one career counselor who was * convinced * i was an intj because of how i came across in our meetings xd and i know i came across very task-oriented when i was younger when it came ... absolutely :P hahaha too many to list xd and even in various stages of abstraction ( like , the ' container ' of the sentimental value could be an actual * object * like a ring , or it could be a movie or ... this one seemed kind of enfp-ish to me : he sat there pondering in the middle of the night over whether it was possible to live two lives the one , the dreamer , could always be free to dream and ... awesome ! ! thank you ! ! : ) and hey ! ! this looks familiar ! 0.0 i think i've definitely studied / read pieces from here before , but never really in depth ! * goes off excitedly to explore * ^ . ^ totally agree with this ! ! ! plus , i feel like i haven't read near enough poetry to even * begin * to do true justice to the question ... i have always liked the highwayman ( alfred noyes ) , the raven ... totally agree ! ! i almost feel like i shouldn't be putting forth all my needs / opinions etc ... or like people won't see my beliefs / needs as credible , so i'll try and put them in a more passive / neutral ... hahaha ! ! ! ^ . ^ i love that you tested as your ' work mode ' ! ! xd i totally do that too ... i was in an interview once with a career counselor who was very knowledgeable about mbti and he asked what my ... the best relationships i've been in hands down have been with infjs ! i love you guys ! ! ! : ) i know the enfp-intj dynamic is the famed one , but i haven't experienced a connection with an intj in the ... i totally do that ! ! i've noticed i especially tend to switch into more neutral terminology when discussing a topic that is sensitive to me ( like if i'm talking to someone about something that ... thank you for this : ) i feel like i'm still floundering around in the early stages of getting to know enfjs , but i really like you guys ! ! ^ . ^ can you elaborate at all on the acquaintance vs . friend ... whoa . i listened to it once just the music and then watched the video , and you were right . mind . blown . 0.0 hehehe when i started watching the vid it almost reminded me vibe-wise of panic ! at ... yay ! ! ^ . ^ haha oh i'm so glad you got it too ! ! ! and that it made you lol ! xd ^ this definitely caught my attention ... it's something i've been trying to figure out myself recently . does the enfj really * want * to be around me or are they just being nice ? how can i tell ? etc :P ... i know this is hella old , but i just came across it again recently ( always makes me smile ^ . ^ ) and i wondered ... anyone else feel like this could be an adequate depiction of what life as an enfp ... really ? ? ? 0.0 whoa ! ! ! i ’ m still trying to wrap my head around it … i ’ m always afraid if i make requests of people that they ’ ll resent me or think i ’ m burdensome : / but if they use fe … oh man , i ... ohh my , this unfortunately ( or maybe more so embarrassingly [ for me ] ? :P ) sounds very familiar … even the bit about being silent-but-agitated on the phone xp but that could be a good thing in this ... while i don't think i have enough of a knowledge / experience base to make a judgement as to my opinions on overall bests , i have found i really click * well * with enfjs , infjs , and enxps ^ . ^ usually ... ( i know in the dear anonymous thread it's hard to tell if replies are ok sometimes , so hopefully this is ok ... but reading this made * me * mad ! ! :P lol i feel like i'm totally behind you already and ... i have seriously been meaning to reply to this for * days * xd i love love love this idea / your term for it and i can totally relate ! ! ! and i actually appreciated hearing your backstory too . i feel like ... i can definitely relate to this story ! : ) maybe not as directly to the enfp-xstj line , but in terms of enfps undercover of sorts definitely ;P hehehe . i actually had something like that happen in ... * waves back ! ! * ^ . ^ hehe ! ! oh yeah , that's my intimidation act . i know i can be pretty scary ;D hehehe welcome ! ! ! ^ . ^ love this thread idea ! ! : ) ( and what i've read so far ! ) remember that everyone you meet is afraid of something , loves something , and has lost something . a friend is one to whom one may pour ... hello ! ! ! ^ . ^ i love discussions ! ! although i sometimes have trouble picking out where to start xd and i can never pick when it comes to ice cream / yogurt flavors ... i suppose chocolate ? ? but then it ... i'm a christian as well , so i know where you're coming from in terms of discerning a not now answer . your situation actually reminded me of a similar one between two friends of mine ( also told not ... hm ... i'm not sure exactly where to start with this one , because i tend to go to serious topics very easily if the conversation swings that way . i might be hesitant about taking it there because i'm ... yeah , i think personality for sure for me too ... although i think it's ultimately the whole package ( romantically , at least ) . more specifically about personality , i've noticed i'll be highly ... i'm actually not sure what types the majority of my roommates have been ... probably in part because whatever types they were , they were unhealthy as all get out xp haha my last roommate i'm ... i think i'm a little confused on the * exact * question , but in terms of people trying to guilt-manipulate me in general ? that won't receive a very good response ;P i hate to be manipulated or taken ... i know i'm just one person , but i don't think anyone meant to push or pry ... : ) i think it's just assumed ( on the internet in general lol ) that if you put something into the public sphere , there ... a sound of thunder ! ! ! that was it ! ( thank god for google ;P haha ! ) it's a short story actually . although i did see the butterfly effect when i was younger and found it intriguing as well . i keep ... omg ... a harlem shake video of * pure enfpness * ? ? ? xd epic . '