' maybe i can make up for it : the brief history of sending children through the us mail a thousand years of kit inspections x96 images of soldiersx 92 personal equipment from 1066 to 2014 maps of ... i may , or may not , have read that in the voice of the book from hitchhikers guide to the galaxy radio show . it may have been a : hilarious . b : illuminating . c : obvious . D: all of the above ... nothing is impossible . we reflect , we believe , we are reborn . welcome to a silly idea i had . using nothing but direct copy-paste from this website : new-age bullshit generator carry on a ... i can't stop getting a kick out of this site : new-age bullshit generator empathy requires exploration . you and i are warriors of the stratosphere . we are at a crossroads of spacetime and ... ever wanted access to a supercomputer with a complete and up to date climate model ? current , past and future wind simulations from sea level to the stratosphere ? particulate , co2 , temperature , and ... i followed a pretty basic recipe , here , and the first thing i thought on tasting it : it would be better if it was spicy . so i added some chipotle chili and smoked paprika . it's definitely ... why , oh why , do i try debating with people on any other forum ? it's like asking for an aneurysm . nasa launches how many rockets a year without the media or public even batting an eye ? this one gets all kinds of coverage before it's launch , even more after it's delay for the most ridiculous ... yeah , the new age ideologies are pretty strong in it . i ignored it for a long time , actually , because of that . i just gained info about it from this forum , and eventually reading through the ... it's important to note that j and p are not functions . they are not a pair of anything . in fact , they don't really mean much of anything at all . they are a secondary decryption layer added on top ... start looking into enneagram , which is about behavior types ( mbti is temperament which is how the brain is wired to process information , not actually about behavior at all , except common traits ... mostly innate . just a way of interpreting the world and people around me . partially ' trained ' as it were just from studying behavioral psychology and personality theories , learning to recognize ... shhh ... i'm not really here ... i haven't done that to anyone ... recently . ancient fire - i'm good with that . this is more like random information of the month thread , but still : coffee vs . beer : which drink makes you more creative ? there is a saying about nothing new to come out after you are thirty is ever right . i'm only 29 , but this is the most disappointing thing i've read in a long time : 12 gadgets we'd love to see ...  ... that weird moment where you look on facebook to see if anyone sent you a midnight birthday greeting and are greeted by pictures of your ex's wedding instead . you know , the one you haven't seen or ... reminds me of this project on kickstarter : 141 edit unrelated note : so many different ... concept : instead of writing tl :d r before the summery of a long post , write tl : add or just post add or even attention deficit summary : now , just to remember this concept next time i ... if i build a window frame around my computer screen , does that count ? that is the single most interesting sounding dystopian novel i have yet seen in this new-age wave of ridiculous numbers of dystopian novels . color me intrigued . too many novels on my list already , ... what kind of amateurish dribble is this ? if you are going to talk about conspiracies , you've got to get into the real topics . like the flat earth society , or the snake cult , if not the hollow ... would you like to play a game ? crpg pre-alpha demo v0 . 1 that , is awesome . some canadian puts a square hole in a round peg , and you expected us to follow suit ? :P my girlfriend is also an intj , so our relational dynamic won't work for you . but explaining some of it might help you understand some stuff . everything you've said about him , we have both had to ... naw , it's out of love . canada and canadians are the one group us white people can make honest fun of without being called a racist . canadians do it to americans too , but they usually apologize ... let me tell you something that changed my world a bit a few years back . no guarantees , it was likely a linchpin moment tied to a number of other experiences , but it might offer some perspective it ... you are just defining them as animals to convince yourself it's okay to act like one . if you believed that , you wouldn't be on here trying to convince yourself all these things . see previous post . if all you are concerned with is sex , you can buy that . if that's all you are really concerned with you aren't looking for a partner at all . in which case you wouldn't have made this thread to ask the question you did . mkay , all women are liars and will eventually leave you for the first available , better looking , option . now that we've got your subtext out in the open and a little more clearly defined . ... thought you were talking about looks , not health ? the subtext in your posts is deafeningly loud . but i'll try to answer your first question by correcting it . flawed assumptions . several ... how terribly understanding of you . other people see the world differently than you do and their views are wrong . what an advanced member of the species we have before us . you are very , very far ... this entire exchange was only made funnier in light of this preceding post : some of those are hilarious , entertaining , and occasionally creepy . what really gets me is that i swear i've seen most of the ones i have looked at in various forms or another ... rang some ... depends how deep down the rabbit hole you want to go . or just how far from wonderland you've been all these years . have you ... ever met ... an infp ? death really is not a definable , existent thing , though . much like cold , darkness and evil . none of which are measurable , definable , or containable beyond being the absence of something else . you ... i distinctly remember thinking , if the octagonal peg was just a little bit smaller , it could fit in all these holes . what is it with geek & sundry ? every thing they produce is further and further from actual geek culture to the point of being nothing but hipster , wannabe garbage . seriously , nothing that ... the se must be strong with these people . amazon.com : customer reviews : flappy wings ( not flappy bird ) must ... follow ... trend ... must ... enjoy ... what media says ... is fun ... i've got an infj friend obsessed with korea who wants to move there too . she has a boyfriend though , i'm still not sure if her plan actually includes him or not . :P i am not a thing o_0 as long as you are not obsessed with k-pop ... * shudder also , their entire cultural approach to food is pretty awesome . virtually every korean dish ever made was designed to incorporate known ... i'm pretty sure that was fake . all puns aside , while there was a lot of post manipulation , most of that was just blending actual shots with different makeup , hair and lighting . also ... always comforting to know that people on the far side of the world are just as whacked as the ones on this side ... there's really nowhere to hide , is there ? on another note : saw ender's ... '