' since we're all sharing i just wamma say that i like my tits too also my pussy sweet , moisturize my face bb : laughing : its called love i miss the kind of relationship where i let a guy cum on my face when im asleep coz im too tired to fuk how come ? what happened to being king or smthng lol you had me at wood . : laughing : you can def see the cack on some shorts , distracting af but im a good girl so i ignore it yknow i have respect for the dieeck :) :) ;) lol why didnt you ? i'll tie u up and validate u hard af ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) be ready lol oh wait , like i gotta show my face and stuff ? : laughing : : shocked : thats actually cooler than a dude fapping to it lmao its not a problem if you buy them tbh lol yae but you also dunno them until internet is down and theyre pissed off afff should i start doing freelance panty selling stuff when how where ok butt first unicorns and tigoldbitties u think ur creeping on me , but im actually creepin on u :) ok but get ready coz my feel can take a fucking eye out best to wear a helmet on both heads ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) my dick is smol there was a time i just ate powdered milk no ragrets yas plss jk nobody likes me tbhtbh : laughing : yeah , thats my least favorite song of hers . lol idk why i tell the plebes to stop but dey still like me ? ? help lol you are right thank you i like taylor swift's songs fck the haters yo 420 blaze it timez typical infp eneagrams 594 just admit dat asians > whiteys yeah i said it * throws confurti * * runs away naruto style * my parents will be dissapointed : crying : so i got three projs and shit i need to do and im here shit posting thank u spam world here is more because i leik u + 10 overwerked underpaid can someone just kill me now my pimp is refusing to pay me here have one , on the house + 1 guess wat time it is ok yknow what i take it back i had some self reflection while i was showering and i relaized that in my previous relationships ive nothing been but the most basic ride to die bitch evr damn database everytime i see u post its like lady shansha , lady shanshaaahh ... lady shanshaahh ! ! ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) wat u think hi my life is so harddd hi im a lonely infp girl looking for a dom . hit me up in the dms my ovaries are tricking me into believing this kind of behavior is hot begone douche scum ! ! ! ^ i have standards ! ! i mostly do azz stuff first ^ me too . brb thug crying its funny coz its true they live on pussy too wat cartoon is diz water ... earth ... fire ... air . long ago , the four nations lived together in harmony . then everything changed when the fire nation attacked . only the avatar , master of all four elements , could stop ... wtf is diz unholy satuunn music ! ? ! ? * gets up and dances * i like it '