' wow thanks for all the replies . i didn't expect to get so many ! i have been seeing a psychiatrist and a psychosis clinician for two years . i am on antipsychotics and an experimental medication for ... i'm chronically at level 8 or 9 of disintegration as a type 9 and 5 ( don't know my third type ) - i have severe depersonalization and psychosis , respectively . and i have been so for the better part of ... i'm istp but answering anyway . i think they're good for ne dom or aux users in general , not just enfps . and if the thing you said about bringing out your nature is true well that sucks ... well either way , he has conflated se and si a lot on this thread and seemed to fit all sensors into the chopping wood stereotype and once explicitly said ( not verbatim ) istj with a high iq ? for ... you'd think if he was an infj he'd be more perceptive of people than to believe istjs are only good for chopping wood and dancing and must all fit the title of duty fulfiller . lol seem to have a ... delphi 367 thanks for the reply and for the suggestions . you actually researched the disorder which is awesome . yes , i've been formally diagnosed and i see a psychiatrist every month , however there is ... hey , so i'm an istp but for the past 5 years i have suffered from a condition called depersonalization disorder , which seems like it is almost a complete lack of an objective sensory function . i no ... i'm passive and submissive & my perspective could be distorted , fair enough . but what sparked this conversation was an attack from my brother who was relentlessly and cruelly bullying me for no ... it's my belief that everyone deserves equal respect because we are all human and have inherent value . external factors do not alter this . just me , but my estj step dad and my brother of unknown ... do you believe that a person deserves more respect if they are aggressive and dominant interpersonally ? i just want to know if it's normal for estjs to think this way , or if i know an unhealthy , ... my stepdad is an estj ( as you may remember ) and today he was talking about how he plans to get drunk and be really obnoxious with his friend . it was like he was proud of it ! just last week he got ... i was drunk and i watched the whole thing hahah eclectic class clown i was on drugs for this one but i once got mad and then everything around me turned a shade of red . it reminded me of some songs where nfjs describe emotions this way , such as being depressed and ... the healthy ones . love love love love love them . my favorite type . stizza yes , i made it in my high school sewing class . :) and damn nobody got it . ok . i'm just asking cause an enfj said she saw something in it and i was wondering if you people would see the same . besides it being a dog pillow . can you see any kinda hidden meaning in the patterns and shit ? :p roud : ask them to be your trolling instructor . ne looks for that which is not readily apparent so would ne-doms be the best at finding stuff ? or am i taking that in entirely wrong context ? lol . yeah . story of my life . yup . i would tell the math teacher alll the time about how irrelevant math was to everyday life . ;P my science work was shit too because i couldn't possibly give a fuck about the biology of a plant ... lol that makes sense . forget what i said about weed increasing ne in myself ; i had mistyped at the time of posting that . what i posted was stupid . and i agree . i also noticed that weed increases ... double post fuck yeah , i don't think istps are materialistic in the sense of being overly concerned with possessions or acquisition of wealth . i care more about the potential uses of my possessions ... practicality ... i don't trust myself enough to get one . it'd probably be something stupid that i would end up regretting after a few months . i like it but weed makes me so paranoid these days , so i decided to quit also . i was getting some fucked up visuals . for example , it made me see the secret of the universe woven into a fucking ... you could have deduced that by going through my posts , so idk if i trust it was derived from my nickname and avatar alone . though it is , somehow , accurate . i'll give you credit there . hm ... if i ... can an enfj ( who thinks in images because of their ni ) interpret an image drawn by someone , as an attempt at reading them , or ' seeing their worldview ' ? would you do that ? o_o pretty sure an enfj ... vulnerability . lol like this . no treat them as your equals . they are . don't make value judgments unless the person is positively harming someone else . get to know them or you miss out on opportunities . also , the revelation ... yeah , if you're in a very atypical mode of functioning . i was for 3 years and still sort of am . it sucks . if you're frantically overthinking about the past or future ( ni ) or people including ... yeah pretty much . of course i wasn't referring to personality typology ( lol ) there's more than just that contributing to the ways people act but i think that , stripped of all these differences , we're ... thanks . i needed a reality check . correct . i forgot to provide that premise . robot socialism ! i'd assume the interest in things like math would fade into a state of nonexistence as the robots learned to self-repair . people would ... this thread never dies . i love it . my original idea was that maybe the people within the world and the way they operate would change & adapt to the world around them , so for example the stjs who'd otherwise perform the work might ... what do you think about the idea of a future where robots did all the repetitive work / manufacturing that humans do now , to provide our basic needs so that we could focus on other , more important ... lol what the fuck ? hell no . it's amazing what an istp can do when they put any sort of effort into it . we can deconstruct and refine ideas like bosses . we just usually don't unless there's a personal ... ok , i think i got you . when they say something cunty they don't mean it personally and indefinitely like i would , if i were to do the same thing . correct if wrong ... and i don't think speaking ... yeah , i think it gets convoluted when you're using the function to describe the function . it's circular , like using a word in its own definition . plus even if the intj filters it through their ... missjordan ooooh , cool . yeah , when i'm high i can ask myself questions like that and the answer just appears . that is awesome ; good to know . question about the ni of an intj because i'm talking to one and making a reference to it , but i don't want to fuck up my description and have her think i'm a moron . so ... do intjs constantly think ... iluvhsj alright i've got another answer for you ' cause i've been thinking about the relation between ti and ni lately , and thought it also would apply here . to strengthen your ti itself ( as ... when i know for a fact that i'm isolated - that i have no or very few people to call friends , who would say the same of me . as long as these people exist , i'm not alone . none ( hate the taste and depressive effect ) but i smoke about as much weed as you drink in alcohol . i'll start off by saying i hate most movies as i have the attention span of a rodent . moving on , 1 . what type of movies do you like to watch ? documentaries , action movies ( with a clear plot , not ... '