' you can say that about a great number of diseases on record . i honestly don't know how to show you how we have the potential to make choices to follow or not follow the will of god ; it simply is ... i have to disagree with this attitude . it will only end in disaster . don't ever lose yourself to the other person . that will only end up making you bitter when you realize that they do think ... i literally will get to the point where i'm dizzy and about to fall down before i realize i need something to eat . i think intp's exhibit many traits may mistake them for other types in ... sorry for the pause . i ain't forgotten y'all . life calls though . i actually laughed out loud when i read this . really ? that's like coming back with a yo mama joke . awe ... isn't that the cognitive response to logically satisfy a mating partner based on the partners belief and reward system ... just like an intp . stop being a pussy ! vaginitis is the number one killer of intp egos ... it's a fact . if you need a break take one . sometimes it's what's needed to realize if you both actually have feelings for ... if your definition of magic is the machination of an omnipotent being then i will accept this statement . the problem with the term magic is that it is relative . if magic can be defined as a ... that assumes everything worth asserting is quantifiable . ad hominem fallacies can exist even if the statements are true . you later say that is annoying . i have no problem with continuing a conversation but starting one is near impossible sometimes . depends on your definition . i am not a pantheist in that all things are god and god is all things . i do however consider all things as originating in god and governed by his will which can be ... he's just being an ass because he has no capacity for abstract thought . my faith is based on finding out more about myself and my species . i am not a christian because i fear hell . is free will possible ? all the world is your evidence . where do you explain existence ? first off , you have no understanding of theology . secondly , assuming a creator deity exists then he is universal set and all ... the omission of a known truth is inherently a lie . yes . an active rejection of a plausible solution is illogical . what's your theory on how the universe came to be ? stephen hawking said that ... i had a mix up with the naming and using my browser ... basically being goofy . it is my first new thread though so please give me some slack . this is a continuation of a discussion that started on the thread original thread first off , st augustine was the first to introduce the idea that we have no free will . it hadn't become a ... awe ... isn't that sweet ... just like an infp . [ / i ] science does this all the time . they are called theories and posits . the only thing you can do is make calculations as to their probability and gather evidence that makes the theory ... yeah , we know all that stuff . the thing we need you f's out there to talk to us about is our feelings . that's one reason why we need you guys around to talk to ... like how your friend , who is ... please let's not do this ... that argument will never fly , not here at least . take that to the xxfx forums ; here it only muddies my points . no , christianity says you cannot completly trust ... i got that . i also think we should start a new thread for this free will debate . i'll do that and post a link with my response when i have more time to read through and dissect your post . my view for ... i think it's because we are very reactionary and more exacting in our debates . i consequently think intps are the best pen-pals and forum debaters for my taste . entps would be the best for verbal ... i am a powerful magician ... my words are blue ! my description shows that if the christian god did create the universe as is revealed in the bible then there has to be free will . there are only two mutually exclusive arguments , that there is or ... if you are arguing from a christian standpoint than here is your explaination : god loves all men because god is love if god is loves all men then why would he create people in his image who he ... no but it does say we are made in the image of god , and i think we can agree it's not talking about looks . in the garden , adam and eve deliberately went against god's commandment . how do you justify ... that's the beauty of it . the entp will have all the glory . the intp is content with being the person in the background . as for listening , i have found that my entp friends will listen to me because ... entjs are too head strong and don't listen . it's quite frustrating . behead them immediately . entp can be manipulated into thinking they are the evil genius because they come up with the basis for ... entp = the evil dictator , mouthpiece if you will intp = the impartial brains behind the evil dictator who really runs things all other types = tools for profit i love a good beer or a good spirit . i don't normally drink to get drunk , i literally drink because i like the taste . i am definitely a snob when it comes to alcohol . i refuse to drink anything ... of all the entps i know , i would say they stereotype would be : mostly audacious when they are not interested in something , they are usually not considerate of others unless put on the spot and ... i know this . however nietzsche did believe that nothing was inherently true and that people follow false prophets which he described as nihilism . he calls christians nihilist because they put their ... the part about the random kaboom that you did dissect semantically is allegorical in that he is just trying to say the big bang theory spawning life without god is not too plausible an explanation ... this is a forum for debate . if you can't handle it without becoming frustrated with certain persons you honestly shouldn't post with them . deagalman's statement was allegorical . you had to ... now children ... how does that statement expose ignorance ? your explanation does not take into consideration that the big explosion had to facilitate the origin of the necessary systems that proceeded to all of the ... i will say god is because that's the definition i attribute to god . which i qualified by explaining the statement in its linguistic nuance . if you would look at the title of the thread you are ... nothingness exists as an idea . first off , i find your hostility in this post to be troubling . a finite being can understand an infinite being only in relation to what the finite being is capable of understanding . so my ... the bible also says god is infinite in his mercy ; as long as he repents the prodigal son still has a seat at the feast in his father's house . god does gives us the free will to be evil and go ... to be perfectly simple and accurate : god is . the only being who exists without relation to any other thing in existence ; the thing by which all existence exists . i think a lot of people have a ... nihilism reduces everything rationally into nothing meaningful . i think that is a very pessimistic view on life and i cannot logically go on living if life has no meaning whatsoever . whether my ... i don't really have a favorite branch of philosophy . i just have branches i totally disapprove of ( like nihilism ) . i really like boethius and plato . most of the philosophy i adhere to is based in ... first things first : do you like her ? do you trust her ? if yes , then fuck anyone's opinion with a big rubber dick objectively , based only on personality types , istps tend to be flighty and i , ... i generally like infps because they have an enthusiasm about things that i am just too cynical to have . they are like puppies and babies in their cute attitude and have a genuine concern for people ... 1 ) i've lived away from mom since i was 18 2 ) not a virgin 3 ) i have a good network of friends that extend across the states and into other countries ... if i stay home at night it is usually my ... i listen to almost every genre ... my only requirement is that it's well done . my favorite bands go from primus to sufjan stevens to willie nelson to bad religion to john coletrane to richard wagner ... '