' i think out loud . still looking , but i too am getting cynical about the idea if you consider my dad coming back every now and then to be not part of the family , me . mom raised me show me something important to you oh man , i so need you as a master . show me something priceless its more like people have too little to give imo . ;p saw myself working on humans and creating men with huge wings , then i realised its too far fetched , and thrashed the class room . 5 years down the road , i thrashed the class room again , and now , my ... this works with me too ): if its a male , hit the crotch , then run . if its a female , publicly embaress em , then run the hell outta there ! hail . but my sis's chihuahua is worse than a cat ! hell , i'd gladly have my cats any day D: day dream bout how it'd be like to finally meet that girl who's miles away from me , how it'd be like when i get a hug or intimate moments from the - currentlynonexistant - s / o , what my room would look ... rare to see a singaporean around here o . o ; ; lemme just be a jerk and go : personally speaking though ( cept , i've aint got ... that wouldnt make sense . + there is a topic asking where be our nice girls . kay , i'd be claiming that cookie back . thank you ! needs more girls , and more talkers . its getting rather boring in there these days > _ > and here's yer extra large cookies i didnt know yer into tree-humanoids . D: when i do plan for the future , its more like , i'd only notice after i have made the thought . lol hello . i am awesome . azrael is awesome too . hell , we all are awsome . ; 3 in my honest opinion , this mbti thing is more of a guideline , rather than an absolute answer to why you are the way you are . people change over time , adapting to new environments and situation . it ... its probably sth unique only to where you live . i've never really seen any normal citizens of where i come from who'd hug just anyone . from my p . o . v . though , i guess hugging is a way of ... thread hijack ! ! cinderella walked on broken glass . sleeping beauty let a whole lifetime pass . belle fell in love with a hideous beast . pocahontas risked her life for a feast . jasmine could ... but but but , i still hold doors fer them ladies D: getting ready to go out , meteor shower ftw ! ! ! very very old . . 200 divided by 10 ! yay sunshine :D to answer the bolded : release yourself from it . resolve the conflict ( ing thoughts ) because he want to . and because he can . soz , cant help u there , if yer asking entjs , im a loser . i'd just ... wait till you see turran . :p sounds familiar . lol . i have a similar tendency , cept it rarely works properly . xd ebscohost and psychinfo took me a long time to figure out how to use em though . had to tinker around with all sorts of words ... that's weird o . o ; mcgooglian is banned for being a lover of mc , google , and a total ah lian :p turran is banned for making me too calm all the time ! : tongue : bob , i can make good cream of mushroom soup . :p this is probably old stuff , but seriously , i'd gladly have such a cuppa coffee any day ... oh hey . welcome to the forum ! complimentary coffee , on the house . :p * steals mr cafebot's biz * 2012 . i think humans will just go stupid for bout a sec , maybe a day , then all goes back to normal . hahaha or maybe the mayans just didnt have time to come up with more , cuz the spanish or whatever ... woohoo , i think ive picked myself up ! everyone should come to ventrilo its very nice :) . if you don't have a mic you can just type in the chat window just come ! turran is nice and wants to talk to you ! :) gah . * turns into the witch ( l4d ) * manny is banned for having a hot voice :p but we all know its cool D: yer banned for plotting something ! those police or whatever shiz they be are asshats ! - - - trying half heartly to pick myself up . wich is banned for being too awesome xd irulan is banned for not having enough tombstones in her avatar ! * stares hard * ( ouo ) ack , if only i could thank D: ! ack , it usually comes 10 mins too late . D: tmc's voice has 2 effects : calms me down makes me sleepy : tongue : '