' leave the polar bear out of this ... : blushed : we don't know each other personally but go for it . :P 1 ) . first , open floor invitation . please , openly honestly put any judgement , opinions , constructive feedback for me regarding the slice of me you see on perc . - we can categorize this as things i ... i don't really know anyone too personally to mention specifically , so i am just casually requesting judgement . : tongue : reading quotes just makes me feel so happy and fulfilled . those who say they can , and those who say they can't , are both usually right . - confucius i'm not quite sure how to explain what respect is to me , i am quite a moral person and the whole matter of respect is a big deal to me . it's kind of the thing i do when i am debating with others and ... hey kaleidoscope , just been busy in summer , a lot has happened on the love life ' front ' and i also started university ( although i'm on my holiday break now yay ! almost the end of the world ... i just watched the new total recall , with colin farell ... oh my god ! if you haven't seen it i urge you to watch it now ! ! it was amazing ! complete packed with action , and like a mix of the matrix , ... i'm sorry to hear that . as long as you do your part , try not to stress yourself too much . we can't control how things pan out and at least if you did right by your side you would be able to sleep at ... i'm not sure exactly what to tell you my friend , i am 18 years old , but i will still throw some ideas out there . 1 . if your father's approval is holding you back , you might as well give up ... i wouldn't mind exposing myself , but would it be appropriate to first expose my beautiful bunny ? hehe i just love him . : tongue : what could happen next is that we could have a little chat in pm . :) i have been through this myself ( and sometimes still get a little nervous initially ) and it is difficult but i can assure you that ... why , might i ask ? i have been gone for a long time , and i am feeling very happy to see the infp section transformed . it looks much more cheery and normal now . :) i am glad to be visiting again . i really would love to have a pet dragon . i cannot explain the unimaginable joy that would bring to my life . : kitteh : hey .. i don't know if any of you will remember me , i've been gone a while . well it's safe to say a lot has happened in that time and i feel like i'm in a really shit part of my life . to put it ... lol , if i ever do own one - you will be the first to see : tongue : and thanks ! :) my new bunny ! his name is bo : kitteh :: blushed : * wiggles nose * i am pissed the fuck off . i am not spending my life waiting for buses . i finished uni at 3 and got home at 6:30 . how the hell am i supposed to have time to cook , eat , shit , and sleep as well as do my ... [ insert sweet and welcoming response ] you're a booty call . he was bored . he gave himself a scapegoat by informing you of his many options in the beginning friends , dating , and meeting new people . to have an excuse if you start getting ... the killers - when you were young <3 ( and all the sam's town album ) i really like this idea ! :D i - slightly n - very f - moderate p - very this is the point that most people are trying to make in this thread . of course people who complete the myers-briggs test and come up with a type mean that they hold a certain number of ...  ... the more the merrier ! :D exactly . thank you . girl , i couldn't agree more . i have said this a few times before in other posts but not quite as wonderfully put as this - or as clear . the threads especially in the infp section have been ... that is a bit long to leave your dog and it might get a little sad , but i am sure it will be okay if you give your dog a lot of stimulation when you get back and attention , and like others said - ... hehe got the idea for this from the enfp thread ( thanks ! ) so thought i would ask all my fellow infp's out there . what are your passions and what drive you in life ? for me i'd have to say my ... i spent a lot of time on this hehe thanks for the idea ! some people are so poor , all they have is money . aww ! thank you :D it was inspired by the way i feel when my boyfriend comes to kiss me in the morning before he leaves for work . : tongue : i don't even know what is going on with my feelings right now . i feel like a little baby . like i just want to curl up in my little shell and be told it will be okay . i know this kind of thing happens ... food & lifestyle . lol just kidding , maybe .. romance / drama / manga / comedy ... or something . p . s . one of my favourite threads by far ! : kitteh : hey , welcome ! i'm also in the uk . it is really great around here , i hope you enjoy it . :) i don't think i've ever met someone who particularly likes fake people . well maybe fake people like fake people because they are both helping each other keep up some sort of act ... but otherwise , i ... i'm not embarrassed about it but it does really scare me sometimes . it's like sometimes i don't know if it's better to just let it out and be done with it or try to contain my composure until it ... every shania twain album , every celine dion album , every tina turner album . and recently ed sheerans album ' + ' . : happy : hahahaha , thank you . i'm glad someone isn't freaked out by that . : tongue : strangely , when i was young i only wanted to do one thing and over the years the range has gotten bigger and bigger ! and more bizarre ... job title : ... when i am up really high in the clouds , and manage to get above the clouds and out of the whole atmosphere of earth and find myself in the middle of a pitch black sky with very little stars , i find ... i think these are good questions to consider . thank you . :) hi , welcome :D i love your hair ! enjoy . food bread , butter ham cereal milk egg chicken rice potatoes pasta i prefer the traditional book myself as well , but it was a good and convenient christmas present for a holiday considering i could take all the books i wanted and not be burdened by the weight of ... this is exactly the part i got to around before i stopped reading it and if i had it in my hands i would have ripped it up ( unfortunately was reading through kindle ) . i mean , i kind of liked their ... lol this is so true . :) '