' my guess is that you are a threat , but she doesn't want her girlfriends to know that she's interested in someone outside of her relationship , because that makes her look bad . especially if they're ... and that's what makes you an infp and him an intp , in terms of how you make decisions . i think an intp is far more likely to say if i'm really tired , i would not want to talk with someone i was ... i wouldn't rule out infj , either , based on what you've described - - i hear examples of ni and fe as they can operate in infjs ( keeping in mind that a lot of the infj stereotypes are the result of ... there's your answer : if being in a relationship with you would be impossible , there would be no logical reason to tell you how he feels , other than for the purpose of expressing complicated and / or ... i got my phd in social work research ... i study the effectiveness of public child welfare services and i love what i do . sent from my iphone using tapatalk how many quirky lovesick girls / women do you need to see posting on this sub before you can consider that intps are a rare type that is often considered interesting and attractive to other rare-ish ... if you want an intp to approach you , be approachable . it's kinda hypocritical to describe your own shyness and avoidance as reasonable caution , while expecting him to make a move based on the same ... after your answer , you might try adding , thanks for asking ... how are you ? or whatever reciprocation would be appropriate . or maybe just try asking him something first next time . it's not that i ... if it were me , i'd leave a simple note somewhere he'll find it when you're not there : i love you . i just wanted to tell you . that lets him process it on his own without any pressure to respond ... agreed , and as a long-time lurker on this thread ( perc newbie since 2011 ! ) , i'm wondering if there's a lot of confusion in the gray area between that's just an intp being normal , doesn't mean he's ... it may be wise to consider that this may more about him being recently divorced than anything else - - it sounds like you were his transitional relationship which is a horrible , horrible position to ... oy , i wish it wasn't so hard for fi users to understand that just because someone does something that makes you feel a certain way , does not mean that they were trying to make you feel that way . and ... i think it's intp or entp for me . based on experience , i seem to clash with fi in close relationships , but i have trouble connecting emotionally with another regular fe user ... we just agree on ... i'm definitely the intellectual , with a dusting of special snowflake and a little of the overstressed when i'm ... overstressed . i don't know that i ever get mistaken for an nt , but i do tend to ... academia . i'd never knowingly met an intp ( or entp ) until i was in a research environment , and now i've met three over the years , and there was an immediately intriguing intellectual connection and ... internally , it takes me awhile to recover from embarrassment - - those moments can haunt me for a long time . externally , i usually recover quickly , but it helps to have another nf ( if it was a social ... 1 . infj 2 . confidence on type : 9 3 . infp , but it never felt like it fit me 4 . enfj - we get each other and can be blunt in a way i'm not with other types , because we both automatically forgive ... i got pretty burned by this scenario . the attraction was very visceral and sensory , he got me out of my shell and out in the world , and he really liked having someone deeper than him to put words ... maybe a bit of both ... although if it were me , i probably would have sent you an embarrassed follow-up by now , apologizing for dumping my problems on you and revealing the real motivation behind ... oh , i definitely do want a romantic relationship with him , it's just not possible ( maybe in a few years ) . but that makes your advice even more salient , so thank you for chiming in ... it's confusing ... yep , sounds pretty accurate , and then some . and it is very deep and playful at the same time ( infjs can be playful ! i really should change my avatar to something other than my favorite depressed male ... hmm , that's food for thought ... because of course i spend a lot of time analyzing whether it's as semi-romantic for him as it is for me , even though there are reasons for me to think so ( short of ... just saw this commercial and somehow remembered reading your description of the kid in the costume knocking over blocks - - the commercial is for iphone / verizon , tagline is you're more powerful than ... i had an experience today with an intp that seemed worthy of a thread . we've worked together for years and have a very connected and productive relationship - - if circumstances were different , i ... i think it's funny that the op didn't ask for romantic movies at all ... just ones that show the interaction between the types , because she's currently intrigued by that unique dynamic . i don't know ... i'm not seeing any reason not to suspect that she broke up with her long-distance boyfriend because she realized that she's enjoying spending all her time with you , her male friend who she didn't ... a nice key chain / fob ? like from a department store ... not chintzy . or a little picture frame , if they like to have pictures of family / friends / pets at their desk . small plants in a nice pot works , too ... to paraphrase the rust cohle character from the most recent episode of true detective , life is barely long enough to get good at one thing ... be careful what you get good at . it seems to me that ... biomechanics ... very cool ! yes , i'm a researcher affiliated with a university . in retrospect , it might have been easier to just become a regular professor who also does research , but the idea of ... i got my phd a couple years ago ... it's in social work and social welfare . i do research on what works in the child welfare system , but i don't teach ( other than guest lectures ) . honestly , ... i'm not an intp , but the hot and cold thing is a matter of perspective , right ? if you mean that they seem ( intentionally ? ) hot and cold about you . but we're talking about a type whose primary ... this is really helpful perspective ( and you're right about age versus maturity ) . he is a balanced , we'll-adjusted intp , and my sense is exactly what you describe , that he knows and he knows that i ... wait a second , there are older intps reading this ? i've been talking myself out of posting about an intp in his 40 ' s , because i didn't notice many self-identified older intps here . it's about a ... statements 1 and 2 resonate for me - - there are people who check on me , sometimes more than i'm comfortable with , and sometimes i check on others if they're specifically having a hard time with ... sounds like you'd rather she were an enfj like you ? ;) for myself , as a female infj who is also just me , friendliness is not be a sign of caring . when i'm being friendly , it's often to match my ... wow , the first two responses provide excellent perspective . i can relate to many aspects of your situation , and i know how agonizing and inauthentic in can sometimes be to feel that close and ... interesting topic ! i know there's some social psychology research that defines guilt as feeling like you did something bad , and shame as feeling like you are bad . in the study i'm dimly recalling , ... all of this . the op is using fi / ne / si , in my opinion , which both explains the doubtful processing loop and the connection of type to self-concept , and reveals that the closer-fit type is infp . what i ... it sounds like situational depression to me . you've had a tremendous amount to deal with , and now it's got you down for the count . the sense of hopelessness , the inability to feel enjoyment , the ... welcome ... i'm newish , too . for me , it was a freakin ' relief when i finally realized that i was an infj , because the average tests don't distinguish between infj and infp very well , and infp just ... you may potentially be able to be friends in the future , but not now . it's just not fair to you to , like you said , let her pick and choose which parts of you she wants ... it's not an ultimatum to say ... hmmm , methinks you're on to something here . i think infjs may run into a lot of situations where someone gives up on understanding us because we don't make a lot of sense on the surface . then along ... say more about that from the intp perspective . :) if not for myself and the op , then for the all the other infjs ( and intps ) that are perhaps squandering their friday night scouring the internet ... okay , so i never post on this forum but i read it religiously , because i am one of the hordes of infjs in love with an intp - - in my case circumstances have prevented any romantic relationship for ... what btmangan said . if she's allowing the hand-holding , hair-snuggling , etc . then she has romantic feelings , but she seems to be unsure of how strong or real they are . pull back so she can see what ... i would be direct , but not in person . figure out what you want ( to actually date him , or just confirm that there is tension between you two because its driving you crazy ? ) and express it in writing ... i think what you wrote is very sweet and obviously heartfelt . that said , you asked for brutal honesty , and for me , that would be too much - it's not that emotional content is too much , but more ... maybe look for structured activities on campus ? i find i'm a lot more comfortable in social situations when the focus is on something other than making conversation . i'm thinking trivia nights , book ... i'm exactly the same way , and i've never been able to put my finger on why . it doesn't feel like vanity to me or insecurity ... maybe it's an inferior extroverted sensing thing ? just like my apartment ... mine is david foster wallace , my favorite writer . just a singularly brilliant mind ( unfortunately , he died very young ) . i love the look on his face in this picture , like he's trying very hard to be ... '