awesome article man ! thanks so , what are you doing right now to fix the issue ? lol do tell i'm diggin this because that's my theory . it makes plenty of sense for me too . thanks man solid , but easier said than done when all your friends are boring and you have no money to do anything ... i'm diggin this because that's my theory . it makes plenty of sense for me too . thanks man solid , but easier said than done when all your friends are boring and you have no money to do anything ... yeah , i don't think i'm depressed anymore , but it still seems that things are missing and i'm running out of energy haha you're right . thanks for the laugh nah , those arent the issue i went through a major depressive episode for about a year . i wouldn't say i'm depressed anymore ... unless i'm experiencing residual symptoms , but i think there is a cycle of things feeding into each ... eat a dictionary pick up boxing or fishing or working on cars or kayaking , hunting , woodworking , surfing , some type of boarding , something pifanjr no way man . why would a doc be relevant ? i'm really pissed at my life right now . i've lost all my self-confidence , my ambitious drive , my social skills ... now , i have absolutely nothing . i have no faith in myself to accomplish anything , ... the only thing i've found that helps is to forget about your ex the best you can . i still get dreams about my ex occasionally and they aren't pleasant . i also see her driving around town sometimes or ... i find that a busy , active lifestyle helps my anxiety tremendously . the more ' on-the-go ' i am , the happier i am , but that's just me . a lot of my anxiety stems from down time / boredom which is ... try some confidence and assertiveness . you'll begin to carry yourself with ease eventually . exposure is the key . think of it as muscle memory for a sport , but instead you're flexing social skills and ... someone chat me or message me or slmeyhinf ... that god for autocorrec whooo ! i find it funny how many threads are made about this ... just give him control and let him take the reigns . hang out with him a lot and be his ' partner in crime ' that'd work for me anywyas if it were estp's we'd completely dominate and maybe even destroy the world but it'd be done with a bang this . the only way i can fall asleep without music is passing out drunk ... with that being said , i used to listen to red hot chili peppers or pearl jam radio on pandora , but i found that this meditation ... just get your doc to prescribe you a one time deal of xanax or a beta blocker like propranol it really depends on what you do . if it's something like betrayal ... you will pay for it in a very nasty manner and if you're lucky enough i might forgive you eventually . most of the time , though , ... the best thing i have found to combat ocd and intrusive thoughts is embracing them . write that shit down and say it out loud . know that your irrational fears have no control over you ( or should not ... yo all that matters is that you put forth your greatest effort . how you are defined as a man or by success is what you do next . you gonna pick up your big boy britches and persevere or just give up ... yeah , i'm reckless . been kicked out of many parties too for that reason ... you're mind is overloaded . you need to take a vacation or down a few drinks . then try . stop over-thinking it . guys . you wanna make money ? fucking gambling ! put on that p-p-p-poker face and start marking cards or find a good method to scratch offs lol mom , enfj or esfp - we're best buds , but we fight a lot dad istp or unhealthy estp - we do not get along very often . - where you a chatterbox as a kid ? my son never stops and i always thought ... @ daphnedelrey well , i like her with the strawberry blonde it makes her look more sassy @ hotaru yeah ! she's one bad bitch no doubt haha seriously i'm a sucker for a sensuous voice like that especially when she goes high pitched but ... but ... what if she dyes her hair blonde ? i know they are , but i wish they weren't ! you're asking for a fight then , she's mine ! mine and yeah she is i wanna like fuck her voice lol but no seriously where can i find this woman so i ... where can i find this woman ? 289714 like i said , those that work on cars usually enjoy it . no doubt you're putting in hours of labor , but the profit pays off . yes , double the expenditure . pinterest is good , i made a table for my ex ... dude , be careful what you tell those quacks ... especially when it involves suicide . always answer a big fat no to that question . best way to flip is find a niche that requires expertise . a beautiful example is flipping cars . you can find a piece of shit with a decent paint job for 500 bucks , put 500-1000 into it and some labor ... this ^ i've also been told that looking towards the future and in a negative , possibly catastrophic way is caused by inferior ni . i can relate to that right now . dude , life can get complicated - but it doesn't have to . keep it simple and fuck around until you find out what you really want to do . you don't have a deadline to start a career ( just as long as ... i'm not recommending cbt , but have you had other causes ruled out ? like thyroid ? i'm looking for a program that records information you send to job applications , so when you want to reapply you it will just autofill the fields . does that exist ? it's not hard to implement . we should have chat rooms or at least be able to start private chats with people . of course , we have pm'ing , but when you're trying to have a conversation with someone it ... definitely this . if you impose on my freedom you're asking for a fight . things that piss me off are buzzkills , boredom , ignorance , hypocrisy , and stupidity . i especially hate when people are ... ahh , i like the way you think because that's exactly what i was thinking of doing ! alright , good advice . i did buy that template it wasn't much money .. it just looked so damn good to me it was ... i appreciate that , but right now i just need to keep a roof over my head lol . i've got pleeenty of time to figure out my passion . i already have 3 or 4 that i'd love to do and that i'm all good at . i ... none . i'm 20 , going to school soon . i have a hs diploma , that's it . as far as skills go , i've got many in many areas - like a jack of all trades i've found out that even with menial jobs , a ... resume template - 110340 | resumeway is that too much for a non-career job ? i think it's a very good template because it pops , but it doesn't look to crazy and it highlights skills very visibly ... 1 ) you'll make him look euro . 2 ) you don't mess with a man's hot dog popsicle 3 ) circumcision only has 1 benefit - easier hygiene 4 ) the downsides are you lose sensitivity and shit who ... first off , congratulations . second off , do not circumcise the boy ! i repeat , do not circumcise him . i can relate to that . i been unhealthy pretty much all my life . when i came out of that state , it was very obvious that i was an extrovert . with that being said , i'm by no means the most extroverted ... strengths : calm under fire , adaptable weaknesses : impulsive , pride yeah , i've been unemployed for a long time now . i'm getting an apartment and getting my head back in the game . i want to know eveeerything i can do to get an edge on landing a job . i'm open to ... i'm by no means the most viable source for mbti because i only learned what was relevant to me , but judging by your warm attitude and your avatar i'd say enf is a good possibility . might count for ... i've seen it posted before and i did test for enfp once or twice ( depressed ) don't know if that validates it lol i'm not really the guy to talk to . how did you type yourself in the first place ? i ...