' ^ ^ i bet you it was lucid , too . bach's cello suite no . 5 in c minor ... the prelude . : laughing : ah , my favorite ... hm ... well , if you think about it like this ... you cannot have life without death . so let's assume my motives were to kill myself . with me so far ? okay . now to go about doing so . i have already ... um honestly i have more to worry about the environment because i know what the end of the world is going to be like , anyways , so i realize we're not going downhill fast enough for it to occur before ... cello must be my favorite . i also enjoy organ , piano , and guitar . what about edna from the incredibles ? she might be entj , but she lives like a hermit so i'd think more i . well , i'm an intj ... but i believe i used to be an entj . i just was ... scarred . now i'm more reserved . so my type isn't common among intjs . 8w7 . apparently , we're arrogant at worst , independent ... maybe a few times , but i'm not positive about that . it takes me a while to snap out of it , as they say . i've heard it's hard to wake yourself up during a real lucid dream , as well . thoughts & feelings : taking control ... - google books okay , read chapter five and be patient ; it can take a week or so to get this stuff down . don't move on to shorthand until pmr comes easily ... it is something you can train yourself to do . i couldn't until learning pmr . are you high in stress and anxiety ? i can find a link to a chapter my psychologist printed out on techniques i use that ... perhaps you have taken twice your dose or are allergic ? * smirks * okay , but seriously about the allergy . i was in the hospital for my phantom pain , and had to have morphine after taking an ... i am very much appreciating this lengthy response . : happy : so ... sexsomnia ? i have insomnia , usually . i would think your condition would be because you feel you aren't getting enough emotionally from ... then you don't need to , but it is an interesting skill to develop , my friend . yes , i know . when i am in that state i can let my mind wander if i wish ... or just listen to the birds outside and whatnot . it's very strange . sometimes it's just lucid , though . i'm still kind of ... that is quite ... interesting . hm . in mine i usually can hear what's being talked about in the other room , but i can't really remember what was being said after awakening . i can remember thinking ... well my psychologist is helping me . the book i got at first said to keep testing reality and telling yourself you'll remember you're dreaming . but there are two types of lucid dreaming . reality ... you know what ... i love that motto . :D and i apologize . sincerely . okay , so i've been learning to dream lucidly . with me so far ? it didn't take me long to do it . my question is if certain personality types can have lucid dreams easier than others ... ? i guess you ... hm ... usually , i have nightmares . and they don't frighten me , but sometimes i wake up out of breath , sweaty , and cold . i can't recall any at the moment , but i've analyzed them to a point . i believe ... lol :) who would've known ? ( um ... an intj . duh . ) good luck . :) yeah , and if we do , we love the chase ( even the females love it ) and the suggestive crap . i mean stuff . you know , not so ... obvious ? an insult to our kind , i tell ya ... but hey , a healthy intj can ... what about one that is close to being unhealthy but is still considered , for the most part , stable ? and aw ! you find my type interesting ? ! you're too kind . being an 8 , i love the compliments ; keep ... okay , so i read up on the whole enneagram type 8 thing . i'm also intj . apparently , we are the most lethal of all enneagram types and the most dangerous criminal personality type ... if we are ... useless , pointless , and stupid . a name is what they were named to be called by , not honey buns or something of that nature . it took me five years to come up with my first nickname . and it was the ... why am i always the arrogant one without regrets who makes the best villain ? ! ... :d ry : this is my flattered face . i'm an intj who is really appreciating the compliments in the first post . :) compliments make me smile . and how people go ape sometimes is just stupid . you know , over their own jokes . i like people who appreciate my sense of humor . it can be dry , sarcastic , cheezy , and , frankly , nobody has an iq high enough to comprehend the first word in the sentence ... and then i feel like an ... slytherin ! i knew it ! yippee ! it was either that or ravenclaw , but i love to win , you see ... hah , yeah , whatever . i'm only this way on paper , as i call it . and i know it might not be possible , and i saw the whole under stress thing , so maybe that's why i was a 5 ? at first i could've said ... edit : okay , so i was confused due to some unreliable source . ahem . anywho , still trying to figure out my wing , but i'm definately an 8 , level 6 ... which is the first step to average . i'm almost ... wow ! i didn't know my first thread would make such an impact . and don't put pain ( emotional , too ) on levels . pain is pain , it can be different for everyone . glad you've decided to join us . :) ... just because you're an intj doesn't mean you're goth . those aren't the four letters you got on your test , are they ? really , retake it . we may be mean but we don't go out of our way to look like some ... the most reflective things i own are : 1 . a macbook pro ( my baby ) 2 . a nook ( my other baby ) 3 . my chess board i think that is it . but , i think that is fitting because i am an intj . :) zuko is an intp , because my mom is one . they often tunnel vision and can get into drama . um , okay . so i'm intj and mom is an intp . the only thing i don't get along with is her drama and sense of tunnel vision when i'm a little more optimistic . she just needs to stand up for herself and ... okay , so i've decided to start my first new thread ! yippee ! okay , time to get serious again . i am an intj type 5w6 . i suffer from severe anxiety and i used to go in and out of depression . i've ... patience . i'm intj , and he knows that , so i had to open up quite a bit for him to talk . but it might not take you that much . just be willing to give more before you get more ... as in information , ... well , post something like this and the intj women are going to flood it . so obviously , you don't have any problems meeting one to ask questions over the internet if you haven't scrolled up and down ... being an intj i hate entjs ! my homeroom teach was one last year and she drove me craaazzzy ! ! ! she was too much like me , too bossy , too independent , too severe ( all me , as well ) but also ... hard . parents don't get me . ( oh yeah , did i mention this is present tense ? ) severe anxiety and some depression . antisocial . i write and wish to be a psychophysicist . i love watching things about ... my best friend is an entp . shame is , he's confused and i'm female , so naturally he thinks he's been in love with me for four years . * sigh * if only i would've known this when i hadn't developed my i ... you know it'd just be better to ask one yourself . ... and it's probably because women are usually emotional and we're not . and ... so , i guess i'm just a big contradiction . ahh ! ! ! intj woman on ... hm : psychophysics ( how stimulants effect the brain ) psychology physics some parts of history writing reading mathematics here comes my usual list : house - because of how i'm apathetic and strategic spock - because i revert to logic in order to feel safe sherlock holmes - because of how i think things through ... wow , all these compliments on the internet . :) makes me feel so ... ok , i just feel wanted . that's about it . hm . i'm an intj who happens to know someone who might just be one of you guys , and i love ... i despise embarrassment as well . i also feel my mind is too complex to make sense , or i worry that my thoughts will come across as stupid . okay , here goes : i often debate e and i . i'm an intj , but i open up around small groups of people . but he can function in front of crowds - maybe because he doesn't have anxiety issues . we are ... all of us are like that . that's not bipolar disorder ; i would know , i study psychology . i may just be a teen but i know my psychology . we have tempers . mostly we react verbally ( because we're better ... yeah but intj can also feel bullied emotionally , but they won't let on about it . i've had that happen . i'm an intj . but you're totally correct about that glare thing . :) glare = mastered . house is an entj , thank you . he thinks logically . that was an easy one . and i agree he acts more extraverted than introverted , but some is can be a little social , and he tends to stay within a ... '