' it's enjoyable to test my understanding of the system every so often . determining their types is not , by any means , a crucial matter--your input will always be much appreciated , regardless .  ... must ... resist ... thanking . goddamnit . you've succeeded in decreasing the value of my ' thanks , ' as a disproportionately large number of them have been spent on your posts alone . thanks a ton . on the other hand , i'd say i don't ... i've been perusing the internet for the characters ' mbti types , all to no avail . for those of you who have read the novel , share your speculations of the following : 1 ) anna karenina 2 ) ... there's no better time to draft your will than now ! happy birthday , old buddy old pal . have a good one , and remember : femme cares . yes , a thread with no replies really does bother me . yes , i really am that anal . * stealthily creeps in * carry on , ladies and gentlemen . carry on . if you're interested , there's another last.fm thread ( although it's open to all types ) . my computer anticipated your visit , and has sent you forward in time . happy travels . i believe the issue of monogamy and polygamy is really dependant upon intimacy , security and other such factors--moreso than one's capability to love . a relationship is oftentimes a huge ... i understand this post was written a little over a month ago , but if you don't mind : how , exactly , does humanity factor in ? i'm having trouble comprehending this aspect . if both infps and ... congratulations , captain potato ( or was it captain sock ? ) . your username finally possesses merit . : wink : congratulations on achieving the golden name , monsieur . jerry : istp . or estp . or ... not too sure about his type , to be honest . it seems like he uses se quite often , but displays an abundance of judger characteristics . he's not an intuitive , especially ... not necessarily pi approximation day , but it still works out . : wink : line right up for some festive memorabilia . a mischievous smirk will perpetually be stamped on my face . i have absolutely no control over it , and tend to smile quite widely at the most uncomfortable of times . correction : intps throw aside the instruction manual and refuse to peruse through it , regardless of the damage they inflict upon the product while attempting to understand it . you have articulated my sentiments , exactly . i'm still struggling with this issue ... although one method i've established thus far is to indulge in more ' creative ' endeavors . by creative , i mean a ... i beg to differ , as a pretty little celestial teapot floats about in an elliptical orbit as we speak . welcome , good sir . 1 . what mbti type are you ? intp 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? 5 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? continue to live in complete and utter harmony with the world around me , every day . adopt an aye-aye . : wink : call it rambling ; whatever it is that emerges from your mind is quite welcome here . * hands aku a holy cannoli * you , sir , have clearly articulated my social role . bravo . i'd like to add that--on few occasions--i've acknowledged my dislike for a certain person in solitude , only to feel an impulse to ... while misanthropy seems to be a prevalent outlook among intps , it could very well be the reason behind the issue you're currently experiencing . bearing a dislike for humanity can cause one to be ... with enough gold , can you transform into a mr . katzenjammer ? * nudge , nudge * youtube - i will survive trampoline . on the roof . ben's fourteen ? holy moly . i have always wanted to create a poll . to be fair , i don't really think the op intended to come off as egocentric or the like , as most of you seem to be assuming . the attractive-male-intp just wanted to share his ( apparently negative ) ... in all seriousness , though : what ze fuck ? freakonomics actually predicted the most popular baby names of 2015 : girls ' / boys ' annika / aidan ansley / aldo ava / anderson avery / ansel aviva / asher clementine / beckett eleanor / ... bumped , so this thread can remain active . thanks for the addition , lance . may i be so bold as to suggest displaying the chat bar at all times ? constantly checking another tab for responses is a bit daunting . this man is no robot , ladies and gentlemen . i'm watching you , manbearpig . while i completely agree that emotions should be explored , understood , and whatnot ... delving too deeply into them ( especially fe , as it is our shadow function ) can be quite harmful . indulging in ... three cheers for awkwardness . i don't think i can provide an explanatory example , although to further elaborate : i do not , under any circumstances , allow another to manipulate me--although i ... as long as i'm not a self-hating wannabe , i'm pretty damn content . i'm assuming this was written in jest . clarification would be nice . i suppose i'm curious about the distinction between intentional and unintentional manipulation ( in that , the former applies to those who are aware they're manipulating in order to achieve an end , and ... i concur . * grabs her torch * shouldn't this be addressed in the support & suggestions forum ? ( that is ... assuming you're seriously concerned . ) so difficult to condense . : crazy :  in the situation you're addressing , is the manipulator aware of their actions ? ( for example , in the case of emotional manipulation , many are being driven by strong feelings and can't fully determine ... bell pepper ? naysayers may call it insanity , but i know true genius when i look at it in the mirror .  i don't know about you all , but i find the rebuttal to # 6 quite offensive . * transforms into a bat and flies away * while this may be somewhat unrelated , i find the issue of indulging in strong emotions quite interesting . like maddieraine mentioned , i tend to process most incoming information by critically ... '