' lol . hahaha , first of all ... stop addressing me as a he . there is a little pink sign that indicates my ... hah , wow . so glad i'm not in high school anymore . to answer the second part ... a lot of girls do not like me when we first meet . some come around , some realize they can't front with me , so they ... it says something about since they are j's , they are future oriented . this is incorrect . since they are n's they are future oriented ... but with the j combination , it makes them very ... have you ever thought to consider that maybe you are the one who is dangerously wrong ? he was talking about people dying by the thousands in third world countries from aids . can you dispute this ? ... sitting on the computer alone . maybe watch some netflix . walk around outside . wish i was . 90 % ... that doesn't correlate to empathy , as far as i'm concerned . what . the . fuck . ditto :) ! ! ! damn , i wish i analyzed the peeps here more so i could start some drama ! ya'll mistyped bitches best consider yoself lucky . cool idea . anyone that would be offended by being thought of as a ... ghosts exist . raj sex : female age : 20 first language : english learned to write : chi town , usa hmmm . sorry , sometimes my attempts at deciphering humor on the internets go awry in the translation ... so , pardon my ignorance ... but what does that even mean ? haha , did anyone even read the op ? it's supposed to be quotes ... from the forum . lol , anyways , here are a few i scrounged up , that i thought to be fuh-reaking hilarious ! oh waow ... glad all you peepz like my skurl pic . hey thanks , haha . that's a pretty cool compliment to receive , not gonna lie ! but this ... per request ... i present to you ... yeah , this little guy spotted me from 100 meters away ... sprinted towards me ... and didn't stop ... i get it ... but i still don't get it . very poetic fashion when you could have just offered to help her out after you got your winnings . she has a family , but ... a lot of people have families . you ... okay , i'm not here to play the thread game ... i just want to say wtf ! hokahey , that definitely would not be the way i handled that situation . in fact , i'd probably be the one that tripped the dude ... you . my love . ^ ^ ^ how flattering , thanks ! if youre not a virgin ... do you wish you had waited ? yes and no . my first time isn't really a fond memory , but i'm not about regrets . it is what it is . what made you wait as long as you did ? ... i dig miike snow , lately . i notice ... everything . however , i keep my thoughts to myself , due to experiences such as jawz ' . hahaha , i do this stupid shit , too . oh my god , the worst was when i was younger ... i made it ... haha , thank you ! i was just being a goofball :P nice pic of yours , also . i'm with the intjs ... i have this problem with indecision . i rarely ever make up my mind about what i want when asked ... and usually leave the decision of where to go or what to do up to whoever . ... it all depends on the person . you have to take type-matching with a grain of salt . so many factors other than e / i , n / s , f / t , and j / p . dear blades of grass , rolling on you has made me break out in hives . thanks for ruining my nostalgic indulgence . sincerely , get cut i usually see right through this . but then again , i'm skeptical from the get-go . trust no one ! hahahahaha , touche epimer . well played . lol , well then , i guess you'll never know if any infj ladies here will ever feel that way . - shrugs - by the way , what's with this fluffy shiz ? t up , mang ! lawlz . : tongue : lol , yeah . i've been mistaken for a boy like 400 times on here . no biggie . thanks ... but wtf is that supposed to mean , huh ? you don't likes meh personality ? hahaha . lol , i've posted pictures in this thread multiple times . post #127 , #275 , #517 , #737 , #1113 , and #1135 . here's a few new ones for good measure . this is me , being silly while i did some laundering ... cmon , you know you want to . what would you be doing in this thread if you didn't secretly want to share a little part of yourself ? how is it fair that every time you step outside , hundreds of ... i don't know what it is , but i remember almost all of my friend's and family's birthdays . even kids that i was friends with in 2nd grade ... i can still remember their birth dates to this day . ... goaty and jawz ... okay , okay , maybe i made myself out to be a better person than i am and i actually was laughing at the fact that the kid accidentally choked himself to death with a belt . don't ... haha no big . i don't feel bad about it anymore . it was just like .. wtf ! why can't i stop laughing at her ! haha oxytocinjunkie - interesting , i'm going to check that out . side note : whooo ... good ... you guys look like a happy pair . rip chubbs ! shiet , this reminds me of a time where i reacted really inappropriately ... anyways , this girl came to me and my roommate looking for comfort a few years ago . she said her cousin , that she didn't ... you're trying too hard . just stop . what does physical attraction mean to you ? when i see a hawt boi and i . jizz . in . my . pantsss . is it a priority , or not so much ? absolutely . especially when you take in to consideration that ... just because her personality type reads infj does not mean she is exempt from such activity . she is a person , not a personality type . all of the questions listed seem a little invasive , and kind ... do you remember your dreams and if so how well ? some i remember vividly . with these , it's difficult to tell whether i was dreaming or not , even after the fact . some are triggered by something in the ... roses are nice . i prefer other colors than red , though . like pale pink or purple . i found your theme song , ross ... if you cross meee ... i get so disrespectful . : tongue : awesome idea jawz . quite a project to take on . femaleee . 1 . at what age did you discover you were an infj ? 17 . my uncle is certified to administer the test and all that yada , so he had ... fuck . yes . you're goin down , dreamtheater ;) ohshit , ohshit ! and you're still alive ? ? ( referring to eating cilantro , obviously . ) for sure , alpha female in the house ! i'm not bossy , but when people get out of line ... i shut their lil asses down . and if they resist ... stupid move . '