' it sounds like you need to connect with your body ( hellooo inferior se ) . fearing touch , personal invasion , invalidation , and feeling better when you can go on the offensive all sound like they might ... i love this thread , we need more like it . i feel like this is what being an nf is about . the problem is that the material world is limited , and most people never bother to look deeper at ... i agree with finding the root cause . being angry is a defense , sensation seeking is a distraction from the restlessness . ask the angry part of yourself : what are you defending ? when you get restless ... i have both been praised for my child-like wonder and dismissed for my childishness . if someone doubts me though over something important , i simply have to prove them wrong . if it's not ... believe me i know how lucky i am , but i would be miserable if i felt trapped . and i would have to give up on some things that i'd been focusing on . i've been looking at teaching abroad programs for ... hello entjs ! ! today i come with a story about something that i could see possibly turning into conflict , and would appreciate your insight on what my dad might possibly be seeing in this situation , ... finally a board for me : tongue : what is passion but a current that runs from the head to the heart and out through the fingertips : electricity needs an outlet , a path and a purpose ; ... it was 95f today and people still came to class dressed in fall boots and scarfs ( albeit very light ones ) . truly a cultural phenomenon . there are so many good poets here ! : blushed : my days , my nights , my ruminations at night i live in a bright world , a shifting spectrum of shape and color , blinding me to reality , leaving ... in a lab class recently i got randomly partnered with a guy who gave off some pretty strong sj vibes . at first i approached with my normal open , relaxed attitude where i just talk to the person ... i'm trying to get my life on a healthy schedule . like waking up at the same time every day , not using technology in bed , making a daily time / place to sit and work , actually carving out the time to ... yes ! in school i always got so many points taken off because every paragraph was a run on sentence ! now i over-use periods since i became so conscious of it . i think the first thing to consider in the compatibility of any two people would be whether or not those people are steering their lives in the same direction . i mean , if you're going to chain ... if dont ask me why by great ceasers this isn't the most xnfp song i've ever heard i don't know what could be why not try taking an entrepreneurship class ? oh man , this is me exactly . the problem is that , as enfps , our needs and desires often stem from values we built in our fi , which is not a function that lends itself well towards expression . i feel ... i love writing , but hate grammar so much that it basically turned me off from trying to write anything for my academics . i feel like writing is such a good way to lay out my thoughts though , as long ... maybe we could assign one enfp per personality : wink : i'm just imagining a huge tsunami of enfps , about to crash over the one person who is standing , arms outstretched , willing to be swept ... all of us at once ? ? ? : shocked : i have the opposite problem to most people here , i usually come off as really friendly . sometimes i'm caught off guard when i realize someone considers me a friend when i only think of them as an ... sometimes bodies are such a burden . you have to feed it and wash it and rest it and what do you get in return ? an obnoxious set of physical rules you have to follow and a means by which people can ... that sounds like an interesting book ! are you enjoying it ? i had a similar thing happen to me too a couple years ago . i guess quite a few of my not-close friends seem to think i do everything i ... when i first started reading about the differences between fe and fi i was sure that i had myself mistyped because i had always recognized in me a strong , sometimes overwhelming , ability to pick up ... u200bburn and here is where i must admit to my failings : for all that i have tried to see into myself and past myself my eyes continue to be drawn to this this , this , this thing in my life with ... we cannot see the future , or change the past . the moment you live in is the only thing you ’ ll ever know . it may not make sense to love it , but , god , what a waste to do anything less . top 5 characteristics 1 . sure of themselves 2 . calmer than me 3 . inspires me to improve myself 4 . not beholden to any dogma ( but their own ) 5 . intelligent top 5 physical features the guys who live above me have been playing guitar and singing and laughing all afternoon and it's so cute that i don't want to leave and go to class . i'm having too much fun basking in the positive ... when you turn into a tidying tornado in the minutes before your judger friend gets there just so that they won't make that face charles manson is an enfp i believe . look up some of his videos - they're all very interesting . he's very charming as well , and inspired his followers even after he was jailed . i remember watching a ... i was wondering why this sandwich tasted so dang good but then i remembered that i haven't eaten anything else in over 24 hours : frustrating : some of the most enfpish songs i know and relate to :  ... i'm pretty effected , unless i have time to emotionally prepare for it . it depends on the bond i have with my pet though ... our last family dog and i had a pretty strong bond , and he died of heart ... i'd say my sex drive is above average but i don't have sex itself that often because i only like sleeping with people i make a strong connection with , which only happens every once in a blue moon . ... dear istps i've really enjoyed reading this thread for the sheer lack of fucks given . i mean , i almost went back and censored the fuck in that last sentence but then i realized that would be so ... i always write everything by hand , even if it's in the powerpoint because 1 ) studies have shown that you remember it way better if you write it down 2 ) if you get bored or start zoning out ... i'm not infj but i just need internet hugs right now and the enfp hug thread is too bubbly for how i'm feeling : unsure : i think it's pretty common for intuitive's to feel like this . you just have to wait because as you grow into adulthood you really get to choose who you keep close to you , so you can surround yourself ... from the soles of my feet to the base of my throat i feel myself fill with white snow not the pure , cold kind the t . v . kind . the static on the screen which i ’ ve come to recognize as the ... a rock ! no responsibility , can go with you everywhere , and you can paint whatever silly face on it you'd like ... ok , also maybe a rat . i love rats , they're as smart and as social as most dogs , ... 401642 feelings , man . i got too much of ' em . hellooo zombie board ! aang from avatar is the purest enfp hero i know of . even his meltdowns fall right in line with ne / te overdrive or fi / si depression . denise from the paradise mabel from ... look for ne-dom give aways : casual use of hyperbole , generalizing ( about concepts - never people ) , easily side-tracked , able to carry a conversation about anything , able to talk to anyone , and of ... thats a harsh situation , and how i would deal with it depends a great deal on just how unbearable it may be . the things that would make it more unbearable are : a ) if it's brought up at times when ... i'm really sorry to hear about your loss . when i lost my grandpa i never wanted to talk about it - people told me i should but it didn't make me feel better to so i avoided it . definitely became ... yup . i used to date people just because they seemed fun / gave me the opportunity to do interesting things but i would get bored of them within a couple of weeks because i never really connected with ... people already said this in their own way , but i'll say it again : i hate how hard it can be to explain my inner world of ideas to people sometimes . teach me an over-complicated concept and i can ... when you're forced to hang out with someone who is being so fake with themselves and everyone else but you a ) don't see any reason to start drama and b ) don't think you can explain just why they ... was walking around my room , play-acting imaginary scenarios while i was supposed to be studying . realized that my curtains were open and my neighbors sitting on their balcony had been watching me . we ... sorry , no bells rung ! you've lost me : ' t well i always wake up about 5am ( its an insomnia thing ) so i usually either watch my shows or play video games until about 7 . then if i have classes ... hello lovely entjs ! i need advice in how to make my entj dad understand that shaming my infp sister is not a way to get her motivated ! she's generally morose and perhaps a bit depressed , and has ... '