' did anyone else notice that the op's profile is now nonexistent ... ! i think that's kinda what we've been using the thread for . 3-5 pounds is pretty typical for average female daily weight fluctuation . this happens to me all the time . though i do notice sometimes when i'm super busy / stressed i will lose weight more quickly , ... i think ... i sort of romanticize certain moments in the past . which are usually se-related . like being on top of a mountain or something like that . but i think the longer time goes on for me the more ... well i know why * i * don't use eyeshadow hardly ever - it sucks ! lol . it always ends up creasing and mixing with my eyeliner and whatnot , even if i use a primer underneath . and there's no way i'm ... first of all , you are so sweet . the fact that you think about these things and care enough to try and improve your interactions with her is so important and , in and of itself , it proves your ... this made my day ... xd thank you . i am pretty boring . i do the same thing almost every day . moisturizer tinted powder foundation concealer mascara that's it . makes it easier for work in the morning . and i've just gotten used ... i like this playlist , but to it i would add :  most of the posts are 3 + years old if you'll notice ... welp . i'm not sure which test i did before , but i just took the pottermore one and got ravenclaw . it put both me and my istj sister in the same house . ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ lol ... i wouldn't have any power either way .. ? wait ... you don't ? we can fix that . no , overalls are a-ok . for some reason they don't produce the same cringe effect as rompers . i never liked wearing overalls myself but i think they look fun on other people lol . right ? ! i don't remember much about my childhood but i distinctly remember a romper my mother made me wear and i hated that piece of clothing with a fiery passion that has yet to be matched . is google stalking me ... the answer is yes . very much so . no matter how hard i try , i cannot take that model seriously . #insta-ugly lol i got slytherin for some reason ... i don't think my downfalls are being sadistic or deceitful though . xd i don't really fit into any of them , but i suppose i resonate more with the strengths of ... i have learned to expect a lot of people to not follow through , because this has happened so many times to me . i'll forgive them and whatnot but the next time i make plans with them i don't keep my ... i feel the most beautiful when someone notices my best qualities and makes me aware of them . it's easy to get caught up in how i think i want to appear or comparing every aspect of my life to others , ... why on earth would you say that . you go girl ! you'll be a knockout for sure . ^ . ^ do istp's dislike being complimented about themselves ? i have this one friend who always compliments me on random things like my water bottle or my shoes or for making a strategic move in a game or ... yesss omg that would be amazing . my cubicle is on the third floor of the office and boy would i love to slide down 2 stories haha . i have a strong attachment to this one kind of chocolate chip cookie , which is good for you and is moist and delicious . no one would ever guess the ingredients included garbanzo beans haha . that is so amazing though ! ! love that idea lol i get a lot of random ideas for various kinds of inventions , which rarely pan out because i don't possess the skills / knowledge to bring the idea to fruition , but they're still fun to think about ... i probably could figure it out if i gave it a while . but it doesn't interest me , so ... haha depends on why i don't like them haha . also , if i know them super well but don't like them , sometimes i'm overly blunt because i figure they'll forgive me or whatever . if i don't know them well and ... fi / ni loop ... for the win ! yeah i was going to say , it is a combination of fi / ni . seeing something that would work ( knowing it would work intuitively ) and flying with it because it matches personal values / morals . ni tries to predict future outcomes based on past patterns . i suspect that we isfp's use it mainly in a more sensory way ( paired with se , we are usually more skilled at athletics or other things that ... simultaneously , that i would show too much emotion , and that i wouldn't show enough . you're a dull person you are so chipper in the morning i don't like your style all you need is art you should run for president i seem to attract just about anyone on a surface level lol . which is super annoying cuz they are mostly people i don't find attractive . maybe it's more half and half and i just don't know because the ... i just now noticed that the title of the thread reads sentance ... #rewritethisthread it is seriously bothering me people who use my fuzzy blanket without asking . > . > so true . though i don't know how exaggerated it is lol ! i pretty much feel like those things inside 24/7 . i just don't always act on them . my favorite used to be purple ... sort of . like , whenever someone asked me i said purple , but i didn't really have a reason lol . now it's blue , but i couldn't pick just one shade or tint of blue . i ... seems like most isfp's have young faces . i sure do . i've heard that with a pixie cut i look older . that was like 6 years ago though ... it's not just about the subjects themselves . i think it's more about what those things allow you to achieve for yourself ; what ultimate purpose do they serve ? i think both of these subjects promote ... control freakery ... i appreciate the phrasing . xd 1 . yup . all the time . 2 . it's like ... if a tree started growing its branches in wild directions , making them tangle up . it makes me want to ... i love irish stepdancing ... if i hadn't done ballet i would have done that for sure . i suppose i could still learn lol . love the music too ! dad - enfj mom - infj i'm honestly still not sure how they've stayed together so long ... they can be very diametrically opposed . i have 5 siblings and only two people in my family have the same ... i have two intj brothers , one older and one younger . :) i love them both more than words can describe . i think we share a special connection because even as an isfp i am quite intuitive . i often pick ... i seem to be on edge a lot of the time . like not necessarily with anger or whatever , but i just get nervous about things for no reason . my heart will start pounding when i get a text message from ... when you were talking about risk and being in the moment ... yes . i like playing poker with friends for this very reason . i'm somewhat competitive but even if i lose i still enjoyed it . it fascinates ... '