seconded . i unfollowed all political blogs and don't go anywhere near that side of tumblr anymore . i just use it to blog about art and books , like i did in the beginning . of course there are plenty ... living with extroverts is a huge struggle for me . yes , we are friends , but to me , being friends does not mean hanging out every second of the day and doing everything together , always on their ... i don't know much about cognitive functions , but i do think daenerys fits the healer description , at least as she's presented in the books . she's the breaker of chains , remember ? : tongue : and she ... depends on what kind of books you like to read , but if you feel up to reading 1000 pages , the character alexei in the brothers karamazov by fyodor dostoyevsky struck me as a prototypical infp . if you ... i've seen a lot of infjs on tumblr , as well as a decent number of sps , at least among people who list their mbti type . if getting your back up at non-existent provocations and needing to be right ... in all seriousness , the world needs infps , just as it needs people who are practical , punctual and detail-oriented . this world certainly isn't designed for us , but it would be much poorer without us ... i think we are needed - one day in the near future the less idealistic types will realize how horribly wrong they've gone and will crawl to us on their knees , begging us to restore some semblance of ... i've seen people gang up on completely harmless teenage girls , encouraging their followers to send them hate mail and telling them to kill themselves for shipping the wrong characters together or ... most people who are on tumblr are at the very least a little lonely , or at least that's the way it was until the aforementioned cohorts of internet police arrived from livejournal and fb , back in the ... the beatles and the book stargirl by jerry spinelli are my tonic for disillusionment . thank you ! :p roud : i don't really know how to smile for pictures . i got a new pair of headphones in november after years of using earbuds and i feel exactly the same way , ha :p roud : i do really well on essays , but they take me forever and it's a horrible , agonizing process . i always start the day before it's due and end up having to pull an all-nighter , or close to it , but i ... i'm trying to overcome my loathing of taking pictures of myself . : unsure : this was me a couple months ago : 262530 25 , i'll be 26 on feb . 1st . : unsure : i do not feel like an adult . i hate studying in groups because there always has to be one dipshit who hits on all the girls and talks constantly and prevents anything from actually getting done :p roud : please tell me i'm not the only one who panicked at the thought of going to a halloween party and hid under the blankets with a movie on my laptop . :( there is so much fantastic literature out there , it's hard to recommend one book or author to start with . it really depends on what you're interested in reading . what kind of genres or periods are ... i hate how i feel pretty confident when speaking italian to non-italians who know the language , but i won't speak it to the italian exchange students or , for example , my own family . - . - when the person you most want to talk to is the one person around whom all you can do is smile at your shoes . i have several , but in all of them , i'm happy and i have a friend / friends . that sounds like a good life to me . am i the only one who cringes when someone likes , and in doing so reminds me of , some post i made a few years / months / weeks ago when i was in an awful state ? :/ dear b , you're pretty and kind and a great person . i'm too shy to do anything but smile and stare at my shoes when you're around , but you still smile at me and say hi , and that means a lot to me ... i wish i could apologize to a couple people i knew a few years ago for having been so immature , and generally a complete mess , while we were friends . i think it would be a little easier to get through these last few days of my classes if someone would give me a little hug and tell me i'm doing a great job . i don't have any energy left , my timing ... o hi :) i was cheering for phil kessel and james van riemsdyk for team usa , and i was mad at canada for benching martin st . louis and ... not picking many players i liked . : unsure : not that i was ... cheering for the us against canada in olympic hockey because i like their players better than ours . i'm a terrible canadian . :/ it seems like it's primarily a north american thing to only listen to music in one's first language . in europe and south america songs in all languages become popular . :/ right now i listen to a lot ... ethylester : i've worked for family , it was the same situation . it's hard to come out of it without a lot of bitterness . ma proprio grazie a loro , la notte è meno scura le pretty that's very sad ... it's hard to be that friend . i hope it works out for you , and for your friend . i desperately want to have faith in people . i don't want to close my heart because people have abused my friendship . i'd only be punishing myself . my instinct is to give people infinite chances ... it'd be nice , just once , to make a friend who might like me as much as i like them . just once . rgh . so much this . except it comes out of my english teacher's mouth . yes , that's right . related to the above , am i the only person who vents by writing all over my agenda / planner when i don't ... it really sucks to sit next to someone in class , even do projects together , and still know that there's next to no chance of us becoming friends . sometimes i meet people and i feel like if we'd met ... i'm thinking again about a friend i made on this forum a few years ago , and it strikes me now more than ever just how carelessly i treated said friend . my only excuse is that i was lost and very ... i ended things with a friend today , once and for all . and if i can help it , i'm never going to let myself be trapped that way again . she opened up to me immediately and i fell in love with her , then ... theme song , now and forever . i'm guessing arsenal and usmnt ? i can deal with that ! :p roud : must be an exciting time to be an arsenal fan . and thanks , i like your page too ! best song for any mood . bleh . i didn't see the point of it at first . my cousin introduced me to it , her description of it was that you reblogged stuff from people and then you got followers ... and ... collected more followers ... 