' i lost posts , thanks and i think i didn't get some pms . everytime i post it jumps back to 94 . this is frustrating , because i can't get into some forums , if the number stays the same .. no , but i work with very curious children : ghost 3 : don't . touch . that . i got infj . i get this a lot besides infp . i don't quite know what's the truth . my pretty sure my mother is an isfp and my father could be an xstj . they got diivorced when i was 9 . they were a horrible match , not only because of their types , but also because they're both ... i think bread is important . it's a very delicous food and an important source of enegry . estj extravert ( 91 % ) sensing ( 75 % ) thinking ( 75 % ) judging (8 8 % ) you have strong preference of extraversion over introversion ( 91 % ) you have distinct preference of sensing over intuition ... colors are important to me . i don't like wearing too much grey , white or black . i also like it simple . no pints or weird statements on my shirts . although i like patches , ruffles or embroidered stuff ... did you tell your brother how his behaviour makes you feel ? i think it's difficult to change the people here on this site , because 1 . they don't really know you and 2 . there are too many . but you ... i like that you change the font . it gives your posts so much more class . if it's so difficult for you to pee , maybe it's just not for you . find something else to spend your free time . maybe a good book ? i'm not quiet sure , but i bet he will 7/10  scary movie 2 . one hour ago hieronymus bosch . he lived around 1450-1516 , so he was probably the first surral painter . i want to know more about him , but his motivations and opinions on art are a mistery ... a kid told me today that i'm her favourite therapist . that's nice to her . i did a test once and the result was belle , but i don't know why . maybe because i like hairy men . i like you style and your voice . i'm not very educated in this erea , so i can just say what sounds good and what not . the thing i would do different the next time you edit it , is the hall ( or ... believe me , we still get a lot of attention . also when i have a date , i put almost no make up on . when i go out with my friends with no intention of picking up guys my clown mask gets thicker . more ... you scored 35 out of 100 masculine points , 59.167 out of 100 feminine points , 51.667 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . i'm a female infp isfp i guess that's partly my look , because i hear that a lot haha . but i think i was really unamused when i took that picture . no matter how much i enjoy my birthday , i always have that one moment where ...  this is the face of someone who turned 26 yesterday . time ... thanks for the replies . i think i party started with the right motivations . i was always very interessted various topics like psychology , diseases , the human body and using my knowledge to help ... i'm an infp . i enjoy art . i'm very shy and calm . people tell me that i talk weird stuff and i always fall in love with my therapists . my favourite show is rick and morty . gesendet von meinem ... i'm an infp who grew up in a very unstable situation and i had bad anger issues when i was in my teens ( how old is even your sister ? ) . i'm not like this anymore and after taking sereval tests and ... a few years ago i chose to be a occupational therapist , because i discovered my passion for working with people . it was fun and my colleagues were i did my first internship encouraged me to go for a ... some people may say that i'm empathetic , but i've also been in situations where i was completely wrong . i misinterpreted everything and couldn't understand what was going on with people . there was ... here is a little video of me and my friend singing . come in and be our 52nd view ;) my top 5 songs : björk - venus as a boy the moody blues - nights in white satin david lynch - good day today damien rice - delicate david bowie - space oddity my top 5 movies of all the ... my ex was an isfj and yeah we can get along quiet well . he was reliable , supportive and helped me a lot . when i had a problem he really tried to understand me . these are things that a lot of infps ... it's hard to say why you feel that way and don't like reality . no one just hates reality . there has to be something that bothers you . and just school alone also can't be the reason . yes , studying ... esxj i always think i'm too chaotic or too out of this world for those people , especially in the workplace : confused : very depressing and sad things . i think about ending my friendship with my best friend because she turned into the worst .  when i think about it , i was way more balanced these days . maybe this helped me to release my stress ... i should buy it again :D i loved building houses and decorating them . especially torture chambers ... :) this is for the male intjs what would you say is a typical thing intjs do or say to attract someone they like ? what are your partners doing that makes you happy ? what goes through your head when ... welcome to the dollhouse , breakfast club , the heathers , napoleon dynamite , superbad , crybaby 10/10 infp 631922 all three of them hunger games . ugh .. nope , bye : spacecraft - 1 : the description of the wanderer describes me too very well games i like : bioshock infinite legend of zelda : a link to the past pokemon undertale ib age of empires ii i've always had a difficult relationship to sex . i was raised to believe that it's immoral and if you do it , you have to wait until marriage . i wasn't even allowed to hang out with a friend who dyed ... 1 . what's your favorite anime and genre ? anime : monster gengre : psychological , thriller 2 . anime or manga ? manga 3 . favorite female character ? my parents have difficulties to understand mental illness . they are very success oriented people , so it was never easy to bring things like this up . i guess , i have to talk to them anyway , no mather ... '