' shark this thing is really taking too long . why is it that we have to ' do ' something to be ourselves ? when i'm out writing in public , people always have to come up to me and ask if i'm a writer . yes , this is what i'm doing . i'm writing . oh , ... double post thank you so much ! i've been trying to stay above the water , but not trying to attract sharks with too much movement . so it goes to maintain a melancholic , leaning mind . really , thank you for your ... writing , reading and gin . i don't like receiving gifts . when the mood strikes me ( randomly ) , i like to buy things for people . personal adornment usually , jewelry and scarves . i love shopping for women more than men because ... will i ever meet someone in this world who doesn't want to manipulate me ? guest taught at the university this week ( critiques of final architecture projects ) . lovely young , creative minds . hope i made a different . i've been away from this forum for a week , but i have nobody else to talk to at the moment . feeling empty . thanks to everyone for their wonderful posts ! you try to sheild your values against the truth . i've been working on accepting things the way they are lately and not being totally destroyed in the process . it hasn't been easy . i needed to hear this . just wrote about loneliness in my journal today . foreshadowing scrub this is the way it's suppose to be . my little dog licks my cheek . my eyes swell with tears . it remains uncomplicated . just beauty . right on my face . i just realized while watching ellie powell that if i was a woman i'd be a dancer . graceful and those legs ! i would specialize in ballet and tap on the side . ellie powell in ' honolulu ' one of my favorite scenes ! going tonight ! rifftrax ! think i'll stare out this window for now . you notice someone you know walk into a place . you know they saw you , but they never come over and say hello . you get really bummed and start listing off the reasons you disliked that person anyway ... from what i've noticed , kind faces . my take . what you do for money in this world doesn't matter . if you follow your passions , you may not make any money . when it's over , nobody will remember your money . our passions are the languages ... one of my girlfriends , we got together after i served her charcuterie and we discussed the fountainhead . grasp finished another journal today ! now , if i could read my handwriting ... you can spend your day getting status reports on the existence of fairies . i really don't like it when other people try to condemn me with their values . it's like they're reading insults to me from a rainbow bright coloring book . waste of time for them and material for me ... ' keeps getting better . ' forgot about this thread . thanks for reviving it ! yes , i am writing . no , i don't want to talk to you about it . i came to a public place to be alone . oh , that is insightful , my handwriting looks like a richter scale reading . why don't you go back to ... could be sexy if it wasn't for that smile . ;) ( i think that's how you do a wink as the ' kids ' do it ) . also , good on you , the image is vertical ! now , i have to find someone to take a ' recent ' ... my motto is : the biggest challenge in life seems to be getting over oneself . now , i lie in bed with sleeping shorts and shirt . warm socks on my feet . the soft cotton sheets snuggly tucked around me makes a womb . all for my much anticipated day's end retreat from consciousness . i've never been called cute . sexy , yes . handsome , yes . charming , yes . cute , no . must be my deeper voice . it doesn't lend itself to cuteness . if someone has thought i was cute , they never said it out ... never coming back from the ' other ' side of mental health . it makes me avoid confrontation , stress , instability , crowds , anything that slightly elevates irritation , ignorance , and lack of ... this is it . a community of like minds . i'm not against social networking . it's just not my thing . i barely answer my phone . isn't that where oil and chemtrails come from ? absolutely ! beliefs are personally . ask yourself what you gain by telling them about your beliefs . religion is a very tricky situation no matter what the personality type . i'm old enough now where my ... ok . could i ask if you have conducted your thermos experiment yet ? just flipping through my latest edition ! ! it's like a porn mag but i don't have to hide it under my mattress . the baristas have noticed my absence in the last two weeks . i guess i haven't noticed . that's how it happens . you go along and other people have to point it out . thanks . i hope it's a lone wolf and not a scout for a pack settling in for the winter . need to stay active in the next week . could just be circumstance , alignment of the everything . i don't really prefer to be with anyone who isn't compassionate to the human experience . i can't tolerate people with a lack of empathy and ... i have tried . best to see how things work out . don't force it . my ex-wife and i split eight years ago , i haven't seen her since . my last girlfriend is still around after our split a year and a ... why do i get pity when i'm going to be alone for the holidays ? i look at them , the ones doing the pitying , and draw comparisons to my ' loneliness ' where i don't have to be with people i can't stand , ... the ' black dog ' has been sniffing around my place today . refer i couldn't remember it fully so i had to look it up , but : i'm not brave any more darling . i'm all broken . they've broken me . as he has another beer from rejection . poor unlucky santiago . '