most likely infp , but could also be an isfj or infj . 1 . i have goals that i constantly daydream about . 2 . home is my prison , the internet kills the time . 3 . work is my natural habitat . 4 . i am ... narcissism 57 percent machiavellianism 68 percent psychopathy 1 percent - - - interesting . if you don't want to be fake then what are you waiting for ? be yourself and be honest with who you are and what you want . my only advice is to set some clear goals for yourself like getting a job or ... mr . van driessen from beavis and butthead is a good example of an infp stereotype . a daydreamer who sees the good in everything and everyone , even ... set some goals for yourself so you may know what to focus on and work towards , i'd recommend that you take some time to yourself and decide what you want to do in the future next . keep moving ... i do know that kim jong-un has been putting on weight for a while and that he overeats . his inability to take a dump could be because of his eating habits , if he weren't for his hard work he would ... you've came to the right place ! i'll be looking forward to your future posts . welcome ! i'll be looking forward to your future posts . your welcome , and good luck with your research ! 557122 entj over here ! 557098 your welcome , :p roud : and good luck ! there are a few differences between the isfj and the istj . an isfj is more concerned with the welfare of others , the word ' protector ' describes the isfj very well . they are better at reading other ... good to see you again blue ocean ! and thank you for providing this information for me to analyse . now lets see what i can make of this . i get many clues that you naturally want harmony and you put ... based from your answers i can now conclude that your type is most likely intp . being a certain type does not necessarily mean that you will stereotypically act like an intp ( sheldon from big bang ... haha , cheers for giving me a detailed reply for the examples i've given you ! it took me a while haha . according to the functions you pricked you could possibly either be a , isfj esfj intp or entp ... personally i do know much about the myers briggs functions at all , but i will try and explain some general things that i know about the functions you are not 100 % sure with . se = is paying close ... for some reason i would like you to do something just to help me further confirm your type , in the paragraphs below the line i want you to tell me which functions you can relate to the most . but ... thank you for that detailed and insightful post alphaleonis . i think that finding out why i need an organized environment is a very good suggestion and you telling me that i have a preference for ... having te as my dominant function does make a lot of sense since i have always hated inefficiency and mistakes , when other people make mistakes or have hurt themselves i get angry at them for not ... i do not understand ni either , but i think you understand it better than i do . about what you said about isfj's not being confident about their future , from what i remember blue ocean was not ... excuse the grammar error in my title , i guess that's what i get for staying up all night ... never was any good at english either , anyway . i've taken the ' short-effective-scenario-questionnaire ' ... i think you are an enfp why ? here are the functions : 1 . ne : you are very creative and have a very active mind , you see the potential for change in everywhere you look . 2 . fi : you have a strong ... an infj maybe . first i thought infp or isfj but then i ended up with infj ... why ? an isfj often has a more colourful and nostalgic view of their past ( si ) but you seem more focused on the ... you're clearly an infp your paragraphs leaks so much fi , your fi is clearly your most dominant function , i think you are in a fi-si loop because you are avoiding things that have hurt you in the ... esfp does seem like a good match to me . here are the functions : 1 . se : you always need to do things . you also are very aware of your surroundings and of people . 2 . fi : you prefer to do things ... i think you are an estp . why ? because from what i've read your dominant function is se due to the fact you do what you like and you say whatever you feel like it ( not to mention your materialistic ...