' would it be a problem to move the whole rape thing to another thread ? i was looking for incivility , not rape statistics . wanna debate it ? don't derail , just pick a different express . kthx that's a shame :/ have you read maturana's tree of knowledge ? it explains cognition from the biological point of view . he shares the same thought that evolution is arbitrary , and holds no ultimate goal as many ... i really really enjoyed 2ce , but haven't done shrooms , acid , or dmt , so my experience with the stronger psychs is a bit limited for comparison . i do plan on changing that , just when the time is right . if you do salvia , i strongly recommend you use a butane lighter . the active ingredient of salvia , salvinori a , vaporizes at much higher temperatures than thc or nicotine . i've found that sprinkling ... compared to others , we may be considered lazy geniuses . however , no comparisons should be made when it comes to personal growth , since in the end you are wholly responsible for yourself . if you ... what's interesting is that if someone else went through the procedure and then had their virtual selves tell you yea , it's still me ! it would be a scene straight out of the sixth day . imo , i ... phew ! i'm glad you know what's right or wrong , because i was having a hard time coming to my own conclusions . i have a few questions , do you think you could tell me what the right thing is in each ... maybe they support him because most of his policies make sense ? small gov't , the fed , interventionism . his policies for these 3 areas are key for me . not to mention constitutional libertarianism . i won't have full dialogues , but i find that when i intuit something , it helps to be able to verbally articulate it . i may understand the idea in thought , whether it be through color , sound , or ... i am not asking whether you torrent or not , but rather what your views are on torrenting in general . is it ethical ? is it wholly bad ? are some things ok ? what are your views ? i'm lefty , my mom ( esfj ) is a lefty , and my grandmother ( esfj ) is a lefty . i dropped out of college after 2.5 years . i'm thinking of going back only because i learned that you can challenge classes and take just the final exam , which if you pass then you get the credits ... i used to feel ambivalent towards goals and winning , as you say , but due to recent life-changing events i've decided that letting my potential go to waste is , well , a waste . big dreams require big ... i like the tune man ! glad to here it's not some generic fit-into-the-mold style ya know ? totally understand bout the panning and eqing certain freq ranges , i do it myself all the time . and i've ... thanks . you got 2 key areas that are important when it comes to multidimensional sound : panning and reverb . panning gives stereo effect , reverb gives depth . use the two of them and you can start ... i use ableton and komplete . lots of fm8 and massive . electro house , hip hop , dnb , and dubstep . i'd post my latest stuff but it's an ep in progress so i gotta keep it on the hush hush ;) what's ... physics degree = physics engineering degree = engineering business degree =/ = interesting does that mean art degree =/ = purple ? from your argument , i would expect a business degree to teach ... was studying music , then psych , then dropped out and since then i've been an autodidact . i'd rather learn for my own sake and apply what i know in the the manner that i want . maybe one day i can make ... i definitely disagree . the human language is merely a tool of communication , and thus it is very conceivable that we find shortcomings within that tool . the human mind merely states these symbolic ... the school library is considered one of the worst uni libraries in the states . period . and the school decided to spend millions tearing down a 20 year old building to put up another building with a ... hahahahaha ! too funny ! totally meant to say getting giddy , as in , that weird elated emotional state . getting a giddy is not appropriate for all ages , viewer discretion is advised . and stumble . ... bump bump bumpitty bump ive been hanging out with someone who i suspect is also intp . at this point it's just a matter of reaching that comfort level where stage two can be commenced ( operation : ... if you fear becoming an addict , then maybe it isnt the drugs you fear , but rather your self discipline . it takes alot of strength to say no to something you want , and if you cant stand up to the ... could you elaborate what you mean by anti-science ? is it the methods of obtaining the theories that you find questionable ? or perhaps the assumption that scientific facts are true until refuted by ... imo , it isn't philosophy itself that is worth the study , but the study of the philosophy that really contributes in everyday life . ethics , critical thinking , morality , existence , etc ... studying ... don't you just hate it when someone complains how you don't text them back even though you might be busy ? seriously though , if someone i care about doesn't respond , what do i care ? i'm not going ... how to get a psychologist off your back ? ummm you prove to them that you don't need them ? how ? by proving that you are way more mature than what people expect you to be . if it were me , i would ... it wasn't until this year , my junior year at college that i finally found some people that i can really relate to . but even then , it seems like the limited one-way conversation you mentioned . for my ... of course they aren't mutually exclusive . however , to be aware of some of humanity's issues will pull at your heart strings like nothing else can . yes , there can be beauty in the pain . yes , you can ... i went to a shrink for anxiety and what-have-you , and along with an iq test they also did a bunch of other stress and personality tests . according to them , it came up as bipolar ii and mild add . so i ... unfortunately , to answer that one would already have to have seen the bad to grasp its concept . having been woken up in the last few years , i wish i could go back and un-see what i have been ... 66 ' tis all . i've often encountered similar thoughts of wondering if i had some kind of psychiatric problem , usually schizophrenia . then i think about what i would do , and catch 22 comes to mind so i would tell ... i like the idea of working towards my successes . i don't like corporations skirting around the rules and making their own . capitalism = yes ; corporatism = no to get the right answers , you must ask the right questions . like pretty much everyone has stated above , if you aren't happy with the answers , and if he doesn't hate you ( which we'll presume he ... mkeath , correct in every aspect . to the op , i urge you to look past the two party dichotomy and realize it is more than a democrat-republican issue . i would suggest looking at keynesian vs ... lol good ole days reagarding my previous post ; these people are obviously protesting against a system which is flawed . but to say that they are mostly / all hippies and such is a gross ... i'm quite taken aback by your use of the word fun . it's not quantity , but a justifiably different perceptual experience . having never had such experience , one would assume it to be a distortion of reality , whereby in reality you merely create the ... so i've heard . and that movie was fantastic i thought . one of my friends whos done dmt said that the movie did a really good job visually cannabis , mdma , 2c - e , dxm , ritalin and most other types of add meds , alcohol , salvia , coke , cigs . i'd never touch anything that requires a needle , and i'd never do crack or meth ( ironic given the ... salvia needs to be heated to a substantial temperature before it becomes active . though i could be wrong , i doubt there is any alternative . amazon . and thats where i got choline and fish oil i was taking piracetam for about a month , didn't notice anything that was worth it to continue honestly . i guess next on the list is oxiracetam . and ps - i was taking pira both with and without ... it should be cleared up that this is not a problem with capitalism . capitalism in and of itself works amazingly well , and coupled with a free market it seems to be the most effective method for our ... started on piano , switched to alto sax cuz i thought it was the most expensive and therefore the best . fast forward a few years , and my high school teacher shows me the bari sax . awesome . then ... happened to me 3-4 years ago , it was last time i cried . i went to the vet for the put down , and cried my eyes out while hugging her as she passed . i called some friends afterwards and we went to the ... i'm a dubstep dj , working on my own productions . hopefully one day i'll be able to bring all my influences together and create something new . i'm a huge fan of the older , uk dubstep . actually ... '