' i struggle with falling into melancholic state and being easily distracted . the more i'm distracted the less productive i am which leads to feeling guilty of slacking off . that's true . i'm really not that much obsessed into finding my type anyway . i would be even be fine with labeling myself infpj ( beacause that's how it looks in precentage ) . but another argument ... i'm exactly the same . i tidy mess not in order to be better organized but to remove the feeling of claustrophoby . i can't be creative if there is not enough space to move . i find that creative ... hey . just wanted to mention that after longer break i got back to mbti / personalitycafe topics and after analyzing everything again i realised infp suits me more even though the test mostly show infj ... i'm from poland . believe it or not but i'm listening to this . yes . i have problem memorizing stuff like names of things ( people , places and so on ) which makes socializing harder as i can't fully explain my experiences . on the other hand i tend to notice and ... in general i always had a tendency to fall into depressive mood more frequently than others but it was always light depression . i had the strongest depression when i was around 18-19 . i would go back ... i'm not sure if i am infj but i'm also not entirely sure of mbti credibility and a result i don't care . i can only with 100 % confidence say that i'm strongly introverted . i think in general being more adventurous person and travelling more . my life is stagnant beacause of avoiding risks and sticking to routine . i feel completely uninspired . watching movies or reading books doesn't ignite anything . taking walk doesn't recharge batteries . emotional plateau . i'm a bit worried that few more years and i'll be ... i'm 30 and single now ( and probably will be for the next few years ) . here's why . in primary school i was too shy and i didn't talk with girls at all . in secondary school it was a bit better but i ... i won't be very original here . i usually imagine it as small tropical island with few rocks , few trees and overall dreamy atmosphere . the time of the day is late afternoon and the light from the ... what has put smile on my face today ( and yesterday too ) was daydreaming about going to some completely untouched nature far away from civilisation where is no time . then going wild , running around ... if the main thing about infj is that he / she is very protective of other people then i'm not this type beacause i'm too introverted for this . however i'm definitely discreet person . i'm less likely to ... i don't know anybody right now with musical taste close to mine :/ . lately i listen to stuff like this ... my result is : you are a horse ! ( your score : 22 ) characters : filip and bolan in the aspect of crow trilogy and storm reaper ... in my case i took the personality test and got infj before i knew about all the stuff mentioned by the op , so there is no chance i could be affected by the hype . also where i live people don't talk ... 1 . in which european country are you ? poland 2 . what's your area of study / profession ( doesn't have to be too specific ) finished studying architecture & urban design but ended up working in game ... i never been in relationship but throughout my life there were those very few girls where i didn't feel awkward when talking with them and they were most likely enfp . they bring out my humorous side ... today i watched don hertzfeldt animation called lily and jim and this is exactly how i would imagine myself on a date :/ . ( the second part is in the related videos ) ... i am infj capricorn too . i was born at 18th january . i stopped listening at third minute . i don't like new age talk . to me all these complex sentences with lots of words like spirituality , sacred , path are going around the subject rather than straight ... i don't think there is common mannerism for infjs . for example i not a very exuberant person . i don't laugh loudly , i don't make lots of hand movements when speaking . i do stare into the distance ... wow . i feel old when i read what you guys play . lots of latest titles . i don't play as much computer games as i used to . in the past my favourite games ( all for amiga ) were : - ufo : enemy unkown ... i admit i am a little bit fascinated with ancient egypt . especially from a visual point of view . they had great aesthetic sense . here's some messy character sketch with clothing based on few ... something close to this . i got tired of my same old music so lately i listen a lot to soma fm internet radio . especially groove salad channel which has a lot of downtempo and ambient music . it's good for doing some work ... i have weird and probably undeveloped musical taste . i prefer music without much meaning and lyrics . a lots of movie soundtracks , ambient , chillout and various electronic music with strong mood . ... i gotta say the personal videos threads are probably the coolest parts of personality cafe forum . the messages from them feel so much more personal than when you read just text . i checked all pages ... i agree with the previous answers . if i became commited to something ( and that wouldn't come easy ) then i would be commited for good . i just watched another earth and it had pretty strong impact on me . not only the story moved me but it was mesmerizing to watch the main actress brit marling and the scenes where she walks in front ... hey . i'm not totally settled with what my personality type is but for now i assume that i'm both infj and 5w4 type ( as you see in my signature ) so i'm obligated to respond :) . yes . it is like this ... looks fairly realistic . i wouldn't spend money for steering wheel though . i already have too many gadgets at home :P . for a little bit of practice and fun i tried today some simple parking game ... looks like i could join this club . i have bunch of friends but never been in relationship and i'm 30 years old now :/ . so far i haven't figured out what is the reason behind this . probably being ... i'm also left handed male infj . i'm so rare that i barely even find myself :P . same with me . i can be like that but it's very rare and it's also disturbing to me . i would rather keep such relationship with anybody so that i never had the temptation to go that path . disconnected another photo referenced study but this time more simplified than original to achieve more illustrative look . it's french actress marion cotillard . ... normally i wouldn't mention such private thing but since everybody is so open about this and i live on the other side of earth ( so it's less likely we meet ) then whatever :P . yes i do this ... maybe not depressed but my default face expression when i'm in deep thought may look sad to some people . lately i try to smile more though when being around new people to appear more approachable :/ . this is photo referenced study of polish model - monika jac jagaciak . ( the photo is not mine ) . painted in photoshop . moving into new place . i constantly delay this but eventually will have to take this step . i'm completely not used to moving . fantastic photos ! here's one from me . 62385 i was never really been interested in fashion but i got more interested in it as i started working as graphic artist and got more money . i haven't developed personal taste for clothes yet . in ... i first thought it's 15 but then looked more closely and 90 was more accurate . they seem torn off from reality , inert and poorly adapted to life . - heh . story of my life :P most of the time i got infj but maybe one out of ten tests i can get infp . my judging is only slightly above perceiving . i feel slightly disappointed that i didn't do anything constructive today . '