' solid analysis ! for films and literature i personally tend to assign type based on archetype since it can be difficult at times to really figure out functions . i like your reasoning , though . i think of jack as enfj and rose as isfp : wink : lol well you definitely have the heart of a hobbit ^ _ ^ if you ever get to read the hobbit , definitely let me know how it is ! that's so rad ^ _ ^ have you read the books ? my sister keeps trying to get me to read the silmarillion , but it seems like such an undertaking ! welcome to the boards , img ! hope you have fun here and learn some more cool stuff about yourself in the process ! : woof : have you seen the hot-or-not thread on this forum ? i know the idea of rating the appearance of others on a scale of 1-10 is a super popular thing to do these days , but i sincerely hate it ... feel too invested in this thread to not throw in a pic rawr 564282 a fellow tolkien nerd ? ! ? ! :D yesss i swear i'm not hitting on you , but dude don't even be mean to yourself like that because i find guys who look like you so much more attractive than any leonardo dicaprio / bradley cooper / whatever type ... the real question is , why are enfps so good at everything ? : kitteh : lol only joking , i do love you guys though . :d og : i'm so sorry to hear that . hopefully the conflict within the family passes and they focus on his / her memory . grief can pull out the ugly sides of people sometimes . today i feel a sense of ... that's a possibility for sure ! : kitteh : hopefully it was a joker and not someone seriously hurt by type theory hahaha awe i hope this person at least came away from the experience feeling better ? idk ... haha cool , will check next time : wink : awe my bad , slowcoffee ! i should start rummaging through the older threads next time before creating a new one : kitteh : my intj friend is brutally realistic about his own abilities as well as the things in his life that he wants to work on . he's confident about his strengths to the point of near-arrogance because he ... i greatly admire the infps ( and others , of course ! ) who have broad humanitarian goals for huge groups of people . though i admire them , i think i'm more of a person concerned with making sure that the ... lmao 557322 this is tricky ! i can only talk from my own experience , of course . i find that if someone approaches me seriously to have a talk about - well - something wrong with what i did , then i sorta ... 557226 heyo infps ! so who're you crushing on these days ? : love-struck : let's start this : kitteh : 557194 it might be from your environment . my sister , also an enfp , works in a very stressful , toxic environment , and it seems to wreak havoc on her life even outside of work . maybe a new outlet would ... it was really nice to hear that because in general i feel like the most awkward person to ever have lived , so this gives me hope haha haha thank you ! ! : woof : haha i'm glad you said that ! i get the gist of this thread for sure , but yeah , if the thread was differently named , i'd be more content lol . having said that , here's my contribution ! 557178 try infps ! :D ( keep in mind that , as with any type , there will be a lot of behavioral variation from infp to infp . speaking for myself , i generally prefer to have philosophical conversations , ... i'm totally with ya , stereotypes can be really damaging - especially on an individual basis . ( btw i also really like your username ! :p roud :) awe , don't fret , i don't think all men are like that ! i've known many good men and women ; and lots of not-so-great men and women . besides , the earth needs different types and behaviors ; and there's ... ( i secretly wanna marry the sax player : love_heart :) okay that's a great start ! for now , it sounds like you'd probably lean towards being an introverted perceiver , so ixxp . i'd probably also wager that you're a feeler rather than a thinker , because ... i think any type can become clingy ! being overly attached isn't specific to any one type . when we enter adulthood , we generally become more balanced as people ( at least , that's the goal haha ) . this might be why you're struggling a bit with typing yourself ! initially i thought you ... heyo , welcome ! you sound really cool - if you ever need some morale , head on over to the infp board where everyone will also welcome and encourage you : kitteh : lookin forward to seeing you on the ... i feel the same way :p roud : it's one of the reasons why i love the personality theory so much - it explains a lot about the quirky reasons why i always did certain things that the rest of the world ... awe * hugs * i'm sorry all that happened . sometimes people can just be jerks ! i'd pay it no mind : kitteh : i'm a bit surprised that an infp would be so confrontational for such a long period of ... ugh , seriously ! the worst is the inevitable middle-of-the-night si memory flashback - and it's always back to something dumb like the lunch table argument one day in 7th grade or the time eight years ... generally i don't believe that a ghost is actually the spirit of a deceased person . the nature of a ghost seems very deceptive ; every supernatural show i've ever seen features a chase / hunt and very ... hi ! could my name please be changed to squashedbanana ? : kitteh : thank you ! ! infp - gin or vodka . no sodas , no juices , no mixes ; just lime . tend to date extps ; curious about the enfj lads though : woof : quite smashingly : kitteh : though sometimes it's nice to throw in an exxp or an exxj to keep things exciting ! her personality definitely seems to have a fair bit of ne going on - then again , the writing is really quirky in that sort of way for all of the characters ... but yeah , i'd probably be satisfied ... hahaa thank you ! ! can't take credit for the photo , but the smoke is really cool : kitteh : no matter what you discover about yourself , be open to it :p roud : mothtodark that's good to know . i always check anyway - doesn't hurt to make sure things are good :p roud : hmm . why do you think forming friendships became particularly difficult for you now ? ... woo hoo ! nice to see a fellow infp and tolkien fan here : kitteh : welcome ! welcome to the boards ! : kitteh : welcome to the boards ! : kitteh : aloha ! you sound fun and hilarious - welcome ! : kitteh : hey ! welcome to the site ! :p roud : '