' i don't feel any animosity against entp's . my husband is one actually , and we get along great . i like thinkers most of the time because they can balance out my feelings side a lot of the time . it's ... 4w5 here ! i feel like me being a 4 works really well with being an enfp . they coincide quite nicely . ambidextrous here . but the only thing i really used my right hand for is writing , but i eat with my left hand . sports wise i'm more of a lefty because my left eye is my dominate one , as is my left ... ^ this ! another reason why high school was so fun because i went through crap like this all the time ! another thing that kind of pisses me off is when they falsely accuse me of something that isn't ... i am but a humble sea-goat , capricorn ... with a type a personality to go with it ! there's a scene in the order of the phoenix were we finally meet neville's parents and see the effects of the crucio curse and how it made his parents into zombies basically . earlier in the scene ... yes ! my fiance is an entp ! he has his asshole moments but they're rare , and he's very witty and intelligent . he's always made friends really easily and everyone naturally loves him . it was a bit ... winter ! ! ! only child here , hate every minute of it . the first four or five teachers i had in school constantly sent letters home to my mom telling her that i was adhd . she never believed them and thought i was just bored ( which i was ) . so i've never ... fine arts with a concentration in photography ! i'm a female enfp dating a male entp for 4 years running now ! its been great . we don't fight very often , and we communicate very well . we're on the same wave-length and we just get each other . hmmm ... physically : - i'm not picky in terms of race , but i do love indian men . ( i'm looking you naveen andrews . ) - i think big brown eyes are so much more interesting to look into than ... - i gag excessively when cleaning out my hair brush , or picking up wads of hair that have fallen out of said hair brush . - i think people who bawww at the sound of any sports talk because they ... ah , s club 7 aren't favorites of mine but i used to watch the show all the time on fox family . good times . word on the paula cole . for sugar ray , i didn't know what a one night stand was , but it was ... yeah i plan on keeping in touch with his sister . last time i talked to her she said that she's going to college in nc where i am so i'll probably get to see her a lot next school year . which means ... well its been a while and i figured i'd give a little update . the most contact i've had with him was when i commented on some pictures of the cruise his family went on over christmas . of course no ... my problem is that i'll start out with a good dream but it'll end up a nightmare before its over . typically when they turn into nightmares i'm trapped in some house our underground tunnels that i ... ugh , i can't stand tyra banks . to me me me . my favorite of all time is craig ferguson . he never takes his show seriously and constantly makes jabs at cbs and the low budget . it's hysterical ... one of my close friends is an istp and he is awesome , but i don't think he could handle my energy all the time . we interestingly enough have a lot of the same ideals and wants whenever we marry ... oy , where have you been ? thats exactly what i want in a guy . my boyfriend is an entp and while i love him to death he's very low key but can have trouble being spontaneous and passionate . i've had two completely different experiances with istj's . a female istj i know is one of my best friends . she's the most loveable and adorable person i know . she can be very blunt and dazes out when ... see thats the one thing i'm afraid of and probably a lot of the reason things keep back firing on me . i'm afraid that if i do ignore him that he won't ever come back . if he was just some friend from ... hmm . i wouldn't call kate from lost an enfp . she seems more like an introvert to me . now charlie from lost , i can totally see as an enfp . sandra bullock is another ! which is odd because he never had a problem talking to me until christmas break of last year . another thing with this kid , he's never been in a relationship of any kind . i'm not saying that as a ... ah yes i'm a fine arts major with a concentration in photography . back on topic i truelly think he is that clueless . during the weekend i visited them for christmas i told his mom ( whom i'm also ... plus your house themed avatar does wonders when making your point ! no no actually i'm looking for the blunt honesty , and i really appreciate it . the needyness is something i'm working on as a person , but yes that f can be very frustrating . up until this shit started ... my best friend is a male intj . i put best in quotations because i'm going through a rough period trying to determine if thats what he is anymore . i've known this guy since i was 10 . we went to the ... i'm noticing it more now that i'm working and not in the bubble of high school anymore , but people tend to think that i'm much more innocent than i really am , and that i'm not that aware of things ... i love tattoos and plan on getting a few of them in the future . i just recently got my first one : sorry if it looks flaky , my scabs ... omg yes ! i've watched all three of the critters movies and the first one is sooo scary . the only movies that affect me greatly are movies that deal with animals . i can't watch pinnochio anymore because of that scene when the little boys turn in to donkeys . or the end of my dog skip when ... well , its different for everything basically but i have blue cross blue shield insurance and i went this place called immediate care and its not a hospital but just a general doctors office and the ... fine arts with a concentration in photography . can't wait . hi ! ! i'm new as well and i completely understand that ' darker side ' of life . i love dark comedies and often say things that make my mother look at me and go , you are so going to hell for that ... well after catching her in a good mood and showing her my legs for the umpteenth time she finally took me to the doctor . it's nothing serious thank god . it's called erythema nodosum . it's just the ... i have other best friends that are live in the same town as me and they're always together . like they'll go and hang out with each other a lot and almost never invite me with them . its just weird ... red riding hood , that could also be true . thankfully i just got a job yesterday and i start today so i'm going to try to save up money . alizee , nope these lumps are just in my ankles , and shins ... oh , that makes my legs hurt just thinking about it ! lol . yeah this is kind of what i meant . it's always like money isn't an issue in my family until i bring up going to the doctor . we also have insurance . then she goes on her spiel about how i just want to ... possible tmi warning , bare with me ... for the last five years or so my mother has been extremely slack in taking me to the doctor . this past january i got a bladder infection , and it took her ... i totally get that . it drives me insane when i text a bunch of people and none of them respond . when i say none respond i mean even four hours after i text them they haven't replied , even if its a ... prefered way to die ? drowning . oooo candy corn . reminds me of that halloween episode of sabrina the teenaged witch . outside your window at night ... looking in ... gossip girl . i love that series so much . mixing up brownie mix , and eating out of the bowl in front of the computer . watching lord of the rings all day . the extended editions . watching special ... into the fire - marilyn manson sailor moon ! i miss that show . '