' candy apple hi , and thank you for the answer ! yes we were still in contact and he was physically around . but there was no more , or notably different kind of contact than before . we are friends ... what it means if istj man ( musician ) names a song after a woman ? background : half a year ago i told him i like him . he did not like me enough , but said he wanted to know me more , then never tried ... bear . fits me . :D please make a list , yyeyee ! ohhh and do not feel inadequate .. : o it is not healthy to be too much out of your comfort zone either and world needs all the infp stuff . so it is not good or bad to do ... i can explain , i can explaaain .. xd being the first one to dance in awkward situation making others dance too : - i promised to do this if needed so i had no chance . and it was fun . xd working ... - having bossy and strict no-bullshit-talk - to my boss . :D ( and the result was good . ) - being the first one to dance in awkward situation making others dance too - working as a security guard - ... clown concrete things you have done / thought / said that are very not infp ? i find it interesting to hear , since being infp , after all , is just a box , idea and theory nobody of us perfectly fits in reality ... heart someone who has lots of clockwise routines for everyday life and hates the idea of changing them . someone who first time meeting new person tells loudly fart / poop jokes , giggling in the floor ... time thank you everybody for keeping thumbs up ! :) we talked today irl with this amazing friend of mine , i was nervous , but it went really well .. we will hang out tomorrow .. and also day after .. so at ... ash i went to a date with another infp once . it was a nice experience , we were really in the same level . but it was nice only the friendly way . i am not sure was is because of our infpness or just ... well as quite many of you noticed i wrote a letter to someone i like . and soon i will meet them in person and talk about it . i am scared . in general opening up and / or being vulnerable have been the ... just a very tiny human being trying to understand how were they lost and found . tooth fairy <3 sea or lake ? could imagine but myself i am not afraid of conflicts . sometimes it is very needed and if nobody has intentions to hurt other persons , rather just have different opinions , i can even enjoy a little ... calm , but in a way waiting for something . sorry i only read the answers of first page but i do not agree . i think actually logical thinking is not enough favored . is it political decision , normal day-to-day conversations or art , anything ... oh how scary , but amazing , is that feeling . thumbs up and good luck ! :) ok maybe i should not do the test twice . but you should understand it when last time i was five years old so here are my second answers : gender : undetermined ( closer , last time i was male ) age : ... dreamyturtle i see . hmm but my idea partly had the point , if she likes you , she is probably very interested to join if you invite her somewhere . i would first trying this kind of smaller things , to ... could you invite her somewhere with lot of people ? i have done it before , had a party only because i had someone special i wanted to invite there . so maybe you could think about some kind of group ... this is just me guessing , but : for me it sounds like she does not know herself well enough to be in the relationship . if she is like me , she first needs to have the very deep understanding on herself ... eat , eat , eat here you go , bigstupidgrin . finland , quite nice place to live as an infp actually . :) where do you come from knightlevante ? :) where i come from is totally okay for woman to take the initiative , so i can not even imagine how much more pressure it would take if the social enviroment ... english is my weak spot ( not my native language and very different one than my mother language ) so it might influence this test . i guess . and hope when looking at the age . xd gender : male age : ... me ( infp ): - skipping classes - write notes to friends while class - write text while class - does totally own thing in the class ( sitting in the sofa reading magazines , yes we had them in the ... when are you going to write do all the cool stuff like write that amazing book dearest intp ? the world is waiting for it so please focus . thank you . yess looks like it hmmm .. intj ? i do not know you well enough , but entp sounds like good possibility . i will paint more . to be honest .. i am not always into that stuff either , only once in a while in special moments . so maybe i am the perfect person to give some tips ! does she instead love adventure ? or intelligent ... i am very sorry to hear that . sounds like you need more right kind of people around you . life without them is too hard . naturally . and of course it is also good to protect your heart . but i hope you will find a trusted person who behaves more mature . :) oh what a story ! i hope you will not hide your feelings forever and be proudly yourself . what a shame she did not talk to you after that , that is actually her shame . and i actually got response , i ... actually i do study maths in uni , it is fascinating and i love it . :) you can do it ! find someone to do the math with , so it is more fun and you learn faster . you can also ask me if have any ... thank you for sharing ! be brave of yourself , confessing feelings is a brave thing to do bismuth . ( yes i got my answer too . he does not like me that way but wants to know me better . i hope it is ... two and half years . and yes . and yes i got my answer . he does not have that strong feelings but liked the letter and wants to know me better . i guess that is good enough , at least i am not losing a ... ice cream breakfast i am laughing so hard here .. muahahhaa :D ( my scenario was not very realistic . i would not be that aggressively pushing , he would not sound that irritatingly laid-back . :D more like both trying ... the most growing for me has happened after the hardest times or biggest challenges in life , especially if i am surrounded by right kind of people . and i do not only mean the people who are my ... nicoloco 90 oh my , that would be so awkward . xd too many scenarios .. almost all of them scary , weird or awkward . xd if there is no irish coffee near by ( there should always be ) or too many ... nicoloco 90 in some way it is nice ! i also have told no friends here in my country about it , only you my lovely internet infp friends , so it is like having my own secret .. and in a child-like way ... yes he has my address , number , e-mail and everything . we might even see somewhere accidentally and that would be weird when i do not know did he get it or not .. and that is actually most probably ... years ! that is way too long time . i hope you will find someone really good . someone you can write letters to ! agony is a good word . but now i want to think it is the post office that is working ... '