' u 2 are the same gender anywayes , just watch out for aids k ? whoops i said gender i ment sex cause id hate to misgender u yknow cuz everyone just assumes that the blue symbol means male but what ... i know it's the automatic intp reaction to assume that common knowledge is inferior just because it's common , but i suggest putting some thought into the phrase one day at a time . personally , i ... between stimulus and response there is a space . in that space is our power to choose our response . in our response lies our growth and our freedom . - viktor frankl no hard feelings darkbarlow ... i'm guessing that you're confused by the inferior function dynamics , since the esfj leads with our inferior function and vice versa . while an intp might become preoccupied with fe and even develop ... different hormone levels - imply > different brains . i'm sure it's more complicated than that , but speaking as a female who has always scored more masculine than feminine personality-wise , there are ... it's beginning to sound like some sort of crossover between orwell and nietzsche . is that what they prescribed for your fetal alcohol syndrome ? poor dear , doctors are such con artists . that sounds like reason enough to thank someone ... does he get particularly invested in the game ? he might enjoy playing the bad guy , but sometimes the line between person and character blurs ... stop salivating . i see two different answers : one , the adrenaline-based feeling of being alive and human and caught up in the moment . two , the i see how everything is connected and i and everyone else and ... personally i find mutual hugs very uncomfortable . either i hug someone or they hug me , but preferably not both .  ... before you try psychotherapy , you should not only try making friends but also improve your physical health . in order to achieve either of them , harness the force of don't think , do . decide on a ... i can never decide who i hate more during karaoke : 1 . the people who think they're singing gods and close their eyes and gesture dramatically - - or - - 2 . the people who think they're being clever ... not at all , personally . i'm more attracted to ne or fe . i'm singling this question out , however , because i was recently having a personality-based discussion with an infj and she mentioned being ... if perc got deleted , how much of your self-esteem would be taken along with it ? we're all onto your tertiary fi . : wink : gaiten cute avatar . it reminds me of my edgy-preteen phase . interesting--but it wasn't very clear until i looked up the rest of the article , haha . breakfast is the best time to eat crap--more time to burn it off . classic white genes ( e . g . blonde hair , non-curly hair , blue eyes , thin lips ) are recessive . though they may still have the white genes , the appearance tends to be colored . but since most ... if you spent a moment to reflect on the context you'd realize i meant honest as in sincere and straightforward in intention . i don't really care if trump quotes the correct statistics in a speech , ... i like trump because he's transparent . he doesn't have a political agenda , he has a popularity agenda--and conveniently , that sounds a lot closer to representative democracy than anything we've had ... a hero is nothing more than a human being who had the chance to prove him / herself and did it . the common man panics in a crisis , the hero does what needs to be done . they're men who have reached a ... behaviors do tend to reflect enneagram rather than mbti in my experience . i'm sure career and age make a big difference too . anyway , i'm 5w4 and a college student . i usually wear skinny jeans ... firstly , don't forget that body language can be hacked by people who know body language . also visual typing is more of a socionics trick . all i know is that the single eyebrow raise is strongly ... maybe the old wine absorbs the oxygen from its original bottle ? so if you take old wine and put it into a new bottle it has 2x the oxygen , but if you leave it in the original it only have 1x the ... 1 . can you give me an example of a time when you used ne ? sometimes ne is spontaneous , sometimes i have to drag it with ti . e . g . brainstorming . when i dabble in writing , i usually come up ideas ... kinda cute , in a dead sort of way . weren't they herbivores ? must have been your common interest in goats ? ( i probably deserve to get reported for that one lol ) the world is going to self-destruct eventually . between a pseudo-religious society ( as it has been ) and an openly hostile one , i'm not sure which is worse . i guess i don't see the fate of modern ... not to brag , but i read an entire wellsy post today . the libertarian idea , as i see it , is minimizing the troubles that are caused by the government . because the government can't fix society . try it , and it usually makes things worse . it's not really worth it most of the time , imo . but sometimes it is , and you never know until you try . a little fat on the ends , headless , and roasted in the over for an hour ? what happened to just using a paper bag ? it's nigh impossible to address the needs of your sexual instinct without violating the need to be alone . : laughing : the social 5 is in an even worse logical tangle . in honesty , the ... i made coffee ; people gave me money . summertime . the fun thing is that i can get an hour's wages worth in tips just from people who don't want to carry around loose change . bad choice . as the saying goes , you are what you eat . i've never heard a real republican express either of these views . i'd say that i and other intps have a better grasp of language and its use than most other types . i enjoy writing sometimes , and i'm not bad at it--except for being absolute shit at building ... creativity is a key similarity ; its form is also a major difference . motivation-wise , i think of either type being creative in this way : infp : express yourself intp : create something ... they're probably more concerned about their iq being challenged than their ideas . different types have different triggers , but we're all human in the end . i love my abstract constructs because ... never answer the phone without an exit strategy . i asked a professor once why our productivity and standard of living hadn't doubled when women entered the work force . in hindsight , i don't think i ever got an answer . : laughing : i'm mainly just wondering whether this thread is in present or subjunctive ... i think so , but it was 2 years ago and i only knew him for a week , so i'm not as sure anymore . : laughing : it was different from a crush , and it wasn't just attraction . to be overly poetic , he had ... this just reminds me what an impossible task it is to wrench information out of an infj . to you it may seem very important to maintain your privacy in this matter , but probably to the intp you're ... sell everything i own and stalk celebrities and world leaders . it'd be crazy fun , and when the time loop does end i'd make a fortune from the tabloids & intelligence agencies . '