' estp for chloe is a very stereotyped typing . she's much a fi judgamental rather than a fe apprehensive or a ti oportunist . prada explained it well enough , she's not opportunistic , her kind of empathy ... what about hajime and tsugumi ? i think exfp and xnfj respectively . ¿ de españa ? however . as we're seeing , it is really unaccurate , so , do not give it a strong weight . it only will confuse you more than you already are [ emoji 14 ] it is really nice explained on the link , take a look , but , well , yep , enfj makes sense in a proper way . i'm not completely sure at all . well , since i got better on my typing skills i'm feel like i'm going to ( have a bad time ) do it again . max is a 6w7 / 4w5 ( more likely to 4w5 ) infp . chloe is an esfp , there's no ti-fe for her , she's ... 1 . what is your mbti ? infj 2 . gender ? male 3 . what types do you admire / respect the most ? entp - their way to take life , charismatic and brainstormers . enfp - almost the same on why i love ... istj - unstable isfj - me infj - hehehehehe ( what to choose ) ... unfairness , simplicity , pragmatism ... intj - caretaker istp - easy online : overrated : ... hi , i'm infj . and every single chart treats me like a god's gift and a unique snowflake . every inj , i guess . underrated : esjs where i live : someone thanked my chart . no , those typings are wrong . i made another chart which is much more right , don't know where is it . but that chart you got in that thread is clearly wrong . 518906 test's actual results : gender : undetermined age : 25-35 intelligence : gifted openness : early-adopter mbti personality profile : istj closest alternative we found : isfj where does the se-ti comes from then ? he's a obvious enfp and a 7w6 , or at least his persona , is . if he's not a 7w6 then is a 4w3 . so . you feel that your partner is showing on a impersonal way , his aprecciation comes in a much more pragmatic way instead of irradiating a loveful vibes . for this you can feel him cold or even ... estp is really overtyped , as long as someone acts moved by action or oportunisticly , he just gets mistyped the most as estp . you just have to look mbti typing communities . people have a really bad ... since we everyone just have very opposited opinions about his quotes , let's discard it from now ... let us analyze possibilities : first , fast ones : ne : not innovative . very prone to physical ... too awesome to not to critizice ... but later maybe . oxymoron spotted : ^ ( let's get into the point . if you're going to be direct with her , most likely to happen is that she gets herself into a defensive status and doesn't help . so , think about it . ... how could i explain ... feel an ambient , an ambient that is full of particles , there's particles that are compatible , those particles , once they collide , they burn and start a flame , that keep ... intp tmlt to leave the computer forgetting that he has his headphones on and break them edit : i really needed to put that here . trash polar bear plunge always very action-ed run or calm walk ? french fries . sunlight or moonlight ? we're not just pandas , we are giant pandas : cool : ... however , i got scored as a chimpanzee and as a dolphin , who wants to be a chimpaa mad scentist , who doesn't want to be a really weird-ass mad ... cheese is like the day's light of sun . is the one who makes everything warm , the one who comes with us on everything , sometimes , he can be excesively strong , but , who cares , when he's the one who ... seriously , it is worth living . it's common to feel that lost , but it's not your fault but your environment's . your family is treating you really bad that almost doesn't feel your family . take a time ... your tomb , adapted version for me . 514506 they're right . in this post i really realized on a conclusion that could have not help you feel the understood you needed to be understood . this is not only about your emotions but her and yours , try ... from now i don't know . there has been a lot since i did the last time , but , for this i just searched for the name of the artist on google then downloaded some heheh  just take a look here : ... darling , a conversation is based on , at least , two persons showing and debating their opinions , not on an asshole just screaming more than the other just to don't let him talk and feel yourself that ... then what would be modify it via ' inspect element ' ? ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) for me , i would like to talk about it , but , at the end i think i would go with a ' no ' . that's why i said as a last resort , but , from the start i would've discarded that . a strong flash of visions that follow the thesis of ' everyone is human inside ' showing on this their most human and feely moments or , if they didn't had , showing how beautiful would it be . talking with yourself is a really productive and very self-realizating thing , i'm sure that i'm not the only one who before a calm moment with self-conversating jumps to strong ideas and realizations ... i deserved that for playing with it ( even if i really really love entp personality ) . got enfj . it is really curious since i consider myself as a very introverted person , but , well , it almost got it . edit : took it again to see how does this work and how to get introverted and now i ... i really like the sensation that it brings , but , at the same time , i don't want to damage myself . so , i really enjoy it but i just try to do it the less continued possible . for sure there's a lot of ... one thing i find very attractive from isfps is that they love to follow their feelings and the impulses that comes from those . one thing that isfps overcome on infps they're much more physically ... it's like i can feel your constant feel of longing and sentimental wandering on yourself . we all know that you're not getting healthy , and leaving it just will hurt you more that you already are , ... shade . i think , actually , the 459 trifix is the most common for infps and 549 is pretty significant on intps too . i kinda remember that , there , i don't know where , but there's a poll thread that ask infps ... rosed . esfp type most likely to send a photo with his new acquisition then drop it then send a photo with it broken when he dropped it . mainly , the type for infps is 4w5 , it makes sense since 4w5 fits de fi-dom calmed philosopher / deep artist as a almost direct relation . that doesn't mean that you have to be some type to be infp , infp ... i'm pretty sure sans is entp . his 9w8 ' s ' take it easy ' could give him a more feeler like , but he's almost doesn't take resposibilities on people but you and papyrus , even if he gives them a lot of ... except from little ammount , almost every infp in anime i've seen , more than as a badass , ends as an irrational / unassertive / idealist and sometimes they even creep themselves . so ... guess i didn't ... ( comment : max caulfield is really demonstrated and argumented as an infp ) you're looking for fast chess tournaments ( and if i had the power i would too :P ) . i'll come again with cg types since i got better on my skills to typing : lelouch - intj , intp is unsenseful , he even has the broken tertiary fi that is very common on intj villains , he has no ti ... ( i just realised that i missed some types ) . infps have their innovative and flexible mind , isfjs trend to be much more factual and pragmatic , very healthy isfjs can be great leaders . i ... i really identify myself on this but from the intp way . this is really ti acknowledge-thirst and it's pretty common on healthy infjs . '