' 6w7 sx / sp 5w4 in my eyes . looks like sx 9w8 grin ... i have to go now . by tomorrow . and i guess , every 4fixed type has in a way a kind of an issue with being authentic . even gut types . yeah , that does not sound sixish . at least i've never heard a 6 saying that all her life , she knew exactly what she wanted and what she felt all times . not that 8s always know what they want or ... my 6w7 mother was 40 years on stage as a singer . school-leaving qualification ? intellectual ? zero . and the 8w9 son has at least a law exam . yeah , there is something ninish in you . if you're a core 8w9 . if you have a 8w9 or 9w8 gutfix . anyway . well , normally i rather get female 6s from behind than vice versa . but that's not what you mean . i know . yeah , maby it has also more to do with my perpective to see the positive sides in people or to underestimate them ... anyway what counts for me is what i see . yeah , reactive in the 8 or 6 sense ... yeah , one gut type bear ( not your ex though ) even typed you as 9 .. nearly all my gfs were 9s . my range of options seems to be within the 9w1 to 9w8 frame . and when i would die tomorrow i can tell you i had the most wonderful gfs on this planet . yeah , he is sx first or middle , right ? i mean , i am prolly sx - last . double gut and sp / so is a bit too much ( simple , blunt , direct , pure , dry , crude , natural , homebaked , fanciless and honest ) ... what a pity ... some image type women are damn attractive .. i mean , not you . i do not see you as an image type , i mean ... grin yeah , overscenarioizing is normal and essentiel for the head triad . take it easy . : wink : : laughing : the only thing i can say , i know a lot of people . and in my world i nearly only see sp / so and sp / sx . i nearly only see gut types , 6s and 7s ... in my world there are nearly no sx-firsts and no ... no , the question has to be which type you personally see as the most evil as measured by your personal experiences . and also this question would be kind of wrong as the evilness you may percieve ... sx / so 3w4 . show a vid of yourself . yeah , in my understanding he is sx / so with strong social second as a so / sp wing or shift is strenghtening social second . he looks cold and hot at the same time . hot-blooded / unapproachable . his ... yep , sx / so 8w9 in my book . yep , malcolm x is so / sp 6w5 in my book . evidence ... needing evidence or proof is a good criterion for the pattern of 6 or cp 6 rooted in the doubting mind ( obidience / counterobidience ) because of overestimation of authority ( leading ... literature suggests ? make own thoughts i suggest . threats ... ? ! where ? the next one who sees attacks and threats . i mean , ok , it's normal with entropic . but now also his nanny feels ... well , dynamic fits more 6 and 8w7 . 8w9 is more steady , if you want . yeah , it's a pendulum between phobic and counterphobic swings . nevertheless you can find a rather audacious tendency with sx 6s ... you can easily drive yourself through physical pain . pffft . what a big mouth . yeah , i can easily give you physical pain so that you go on your knees and scream : please , stop ! welcome back ... originally posted by noir ... originally posted by entropic 6s ... yeah , i have been reported again by the cafe legend , right ? again an infriction for insulting him ... yeah , it's strange that you see it as an insult when you type someone's enneagram type ... arguments ... i don't need arguments .. it's obvious . i mean , look at you . attacking your character ... grin ... makes me intellectually disingenuous .. poor little thing ... it almost breaks my heart . you feel attacked , so much the better , maby you wake up this time ... yeah , you can vote on my phototyping poll if yeah , you go about things differently as you seem gutish to me . i show you a good example in my understanding for becoming arrogant and competitive when stressed or going to unhealthy 3 : especially sx 6s ( or second sx 6s partially ) can rather ignore security or comfort and serenity . all the more when they have an 8 gut fix . there you can find their tendency for audacity instead . in ... thanks can you elaborate on these different reasons ? well , what do you believe shows that statement about you in terms of the difference between cp6 and 8 ... grin ? yeah ... i have a dejavu ... grin ... see above ... same skewed copy stuff again ... as i said on the eidb before . learn independently.make own thoughts . have own ideas . that's inaccurate in my opinion like the stuff you have written on your short trip on don richard riso's former enneagram institute discussion board , to put it mildly . on the eidb ( and other ... change berlin into bärlin . if you don't have ä then change berlin into bearlin . thanks aha ... youve just stated that 468 seems to fit just fine from what you've seen . ive asked you how . and now youre saying : a lot of eight here . or counter phobic six . ... a lot of ... aha . well then ... aha . well then ... you dunno ? but youve just stated that 468 seems to fit just fine from what you've seen : and that's why ive asked you how . there are no assumptions with distortions . again youre twisting things ... in truth you have presented the test results saying case closed at the end of the post as if the test would prove ... as ive been reported and ive never reported her until now watch this : countless insults by karmachameleon ... some examples : 1 ... im not taking a test as fucking proof which you would know if you had read through this thread and not just popped up here with assumptions . :) he's been going to old posts ive made and quoted me ... how ? '