' i eat for nutrition not so much for taste food is medicine , what you put in , you get out ~ no pun intended also become poop conscious color / size / texture / passability are all clues to bowel ... maybe its b / c infp's fu * k another person's soul . not their body . so under uber stress my mind reverts to daydreaming ( duh ) always confabulate to elaborate fantasies of where i would rather be use five words . i.ll start 1 ) van 2 ) interstate 3 ) bicycle hmmm . let me doubt you on this one allow the time-line of faces to illustrate what you would be getting into . from beginning : : unsure : :d ry : : rolleyes : : happy : : wink : i smell an infp orgy on the horizon ping pong ... i recently read a journal article on nde's ( near death experiences ) . the study was done in hospitals mainly on cardiac patients who had been pronounced clinically dead , then resuscitated through ... summer dopamine levels increase ... yayyy used to facebook , until realized that it was a vacuum for precious time i hope you find many friends so , we've always been accused of running around with our heads in the sky and probably can't help but to wonder what's up there ? : shocked : trying to stray away from the idea of religion on this ... love the topic . im clinically diagnosed manic depressive although i like to think that i cycle with nature ( years , seasons , months , moon , weather , sunshine , ect . ) when i'm a lil manic i have ... yeah , wild story was diving down the road , saw old guy walking ey brother , you need a ride ? got in , took him to a crack house shared a joint on the way he bought his rock & smoked it i told ... nursing major wayy objective the field is dominated by females obviously and from my experience esfj / estp being a male infp makes things intersting most stressful thing ive done in my ... q : why couldn't helen keller drive a : b / c she was a woman you dont realize that youre staring at someone , until they look up at you . then you suddenly glance away as if you were never looking at them god is everything more than a thing i dont see eyes . i look past them , into what lies w / in like looking at a nights sky scattered with brilliant stars second semester nursing program ... yummm studying take an infp with an open bleeding wound well , what else to fill it with other than substances ? take an infp wearing rose colored glasses ! aaahhh . dubstep . yyyeeeaaa ! dubstep was the first word that i searched for when logging into perc today . suggestions : enjoy : ... yea , lemonade for a week . sounds terrible . but you get used to it quite a spiritural journey actually hey . monday will be week 6 of not smoking any more cant tell you how many times i tried to , or what i did to try and stop you'll quit when you want - as simple and dumb as that sounds to ... i eat nutrition secondary to taste can you judge or predict a member by their avatar ? rambled off the comment that i felt like i communicate through facial expressions more than actual words believe that there is truth behind that statement knowing that communication is 7 % ... limb cause i'm kinda out there and we're all part of the larger tree why yes little sparrow . you may rest on me so tonights the largest full moon of the year bout to go walk around the woods barefooted w / o a light pupils dialated and pure animal instinct call it a naturalist if you will if they dont surrender , we'll have to cuddle them to near death what are erector sets , alex ? - why yes watson thats absolutely correct type teachers . i like this ideal : e / i = either s / n = definitely n f / t = t , but with just enough f to keep my attention 10749107 48 if by spaceshot you mean budsmoker . then maybe - might have smoked that i cant find my keys shit too many times i get sucked into teh space time continuum by trying to link quantum physics with ... i am not saying bless you hope to hell that you dont have the plauge not trying to imply that you are going to die in a couple days . so no . occasionally i freak ppl out , with , i call it the source of consciousness , covers every thing from infinity to string theory . while i am not artistic , it is a form in which i can express feeling in , and by doing so accompolishes what ... ani : enfp ... just from vibes from lyrics / observations from videos ralph waldo emerson - writes enities of my mind essays and lectures my public library card - that still tries to block pc from time to time - - : wink : when i was younger , my parents were always in antique stores , so im not so much on touching things am a fellow book sniffer .. every book has a smell , just as distinct as its story . the smell of ... find that the two coincide phys pain leads to emotional : injury leads to depression emotional pain leads to phys : depression leads to self infliction why the connection , not too terribly ... connections are inevitable how much i value the connection is the variable most i disregard , or find faults in making non superficial connections among ppl . few and far between but way ... staind and everyting about them . mainly listened to them through a certain period of my life grew to realize that meddling in this neg emotional vibration wasn't too beneficial . will always ... see places in my head . - yes . vividly , sometimes too vividly also , aural i'm able to pull up sound , pitches , and parts of a song , peoples voices , ect . - almost better than listening to it at ... no lavish castles , simplicity and serenity . earthship : made with 190 tons of recycled garbage . tires , bottles , ect . ... overall findings with 420 good on occasion good in moderation can become impulsive leading to more of a dependance not as hard as other substances to come back from ex . cigarettes bassnectar : timestretch listen to it everytime i log on . sets the mood . then off to work - or more roaming around on personality cafe : mellow : thanks for the warm welcome slowly learning how to navigate the ends and outs of this site too bad its the middle of exam week ... and if you do bite , dont be suprised if i get ... the fact that the gift was slippers greatly reinforced the punchline thanks for posting its interesting to watch how occasions or events , when filled with positive connotations become ... any specific memories , recollections of defining moments in the younger years . an event , action , memory , while maybe not prominant at the time became increasingly significant , to shape who ... bfg - roald dahl - read this book once a year for four consecutive years - - normally do not read a book more than once the witching hour , somebody had once whispered to her , was a special moment ... i fear that the spectrum of human consciousness will narrow as opposed to being broadened : mellow : '