' i don't listen to any hardcore electronic music but i do listen to azealia banks ( despite her mental breakdowns ) and lady gaga . i'm 99 % gay . i lack focus , determination , and commitment . what songs would you recommend from them ? i only know 1979 , which is great . ultraviolence - lana del rey i forget where we were - ben howard lioness : hidden treasures - amy winehouse sound & color - alabama shakes broke with expensive taste - azealia banks i feel no longer tied down to the past , yet terrified of the present i have created and am now fully aware of . i also feel creatively drained which i guess is a good thing since i can now focus ... are you a type 4 ? i'm a type 4 infp and i can totally relate to this post and the one above it . alright that is exactly how i thought he would be since he really seemed like an old soul . :) i have one tested isfj in my life currently who i enjoy a lot and i'm thankful to have . then there is another one who i believe to have been an isfj but hasn't tested ( to my knowledge ) and we were ... i find you guys fascinating . what is it that you look for in a friendship / relationship ? what are the kinds of people you get attached to ? how should someone approach you to be friends ? ... i would like to know why joey was typed as an esfp . i don't agree or disagree since i really don't know how to type people lol . i think i just lost my mbti innocence to this thread ... extroverts can have a hard time making friends too ? i can't believe that is real ... smh . thank you for talking to me . everytime i seem to have that conversation with someone in real life it always ends with me feeling like a pretentious asshole haha . i mean i have friends who have iphones so it's not a complete deal breaker but i prefer to get the cheapest smart phone that is available thru whatever company i use ( currently metropcs ) or when i ... i wouldn't know how to type my cat lol . well from recent experience i work well with enfjs but it's too easy which makes me love them without finding the relationship exciting . other infps ... haven't worked with me . there is a vast ... joey wheeler i love how energetic he is when he isn't sleeping . i love how much he ... 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) they don't bother me and are actually kind of fun when getting to know someone . 2 . do you like animals ? no , i ... you're adorable and look like an infp , but you read mostly non-fiction so maybe intp ? i watch the history 2 channel a lot and i'm an infp ... so i don't think liking non-fiction could really ... well i wouldn't agree to hang out with someone unless i was interested in them . whether it's friendship he wants or more there is nothing you can really do but wait to see what he does / says in the ... i'm not a troll . god forbid i'm here looking for ways to improve myself and that i feel like everything that's online paints infps as these mythical creatures that thru feelings alone can succeed in ... i keep having somewhat bad experiences with other infps i run into in real life . maybe i am letting that cloud my judgement / actions now that you mention it . upon finding out their type is the same as ... wow thank you for sharing all of this , i can really relate to the wasted opportunities part . i guess i'm just stressing out about what to do once i pick up the pieces of the picture perfect life i ... thank you for understanding my intent with this thread ! i don't really know why some people took it the wrong way , but it's okay lol . i'm just really trying to figure out how to function since i've ... why does this thread offend you ?  i am having issues with this currently . the one i truly love hasn't been in my life for a few years now and i have someone i love to a lesser extent who actually loves and wants to be with me . for ... i think this might be what's holding me back in life . i guess i just like that thru them i can let people into my world . the things i feel and experience that i wouldn't be able to accurately express otherwise . i don't know why but i would rather share ... i don't hate myself , i just dislike how i operate . : happy : there are lots of people that write songs though . i would trade creativity to be more suited to societies demands and to be able to live a normal life full of degrees , parties , and paychecks tbh . i ... wow thank you for sharing that . i have plenty of things i want to fix / improve about myself but i don't know how to fix feelings if that makes any sense . my feelings feel like more of a burden than ... i probably should clarify that what i dislike comes to down to a mix of both being an infp and then just being me . some things i dislike and am having a hard time accepting are how reserved i am ... well i like that i like writing songs but that's about it . yes i catch myself doing this all the time . something as simple as an iphone is a turn off for me . i just really dislike being an infp and it's not like i can just switch types . i'm stuck like this forever . :d ry : i'm disappointed in you . - basically most people older than me who saw my potential , got attached , and set up expectations themselves ... i liked jenna marbles and glozelle when i was younger . i'm not into anyone now . well if someone is upset or something i will ask them if they would like a hug , but i don't run around hugging people . i'm not against touch , but i hate clingy people . i hate when someone is too ... light yagami - death note l - death note norman bates - bates motel joey wheeler - yu-gi-oh ! brock - pokemon aragorn - lord of the rings i'm sure there are more that i'm just too lazy to ... i love legacy and spacebound . : kitteh : i wouldn't call myself academic considering i dropped out of high school twice . i would however say that i believe i spend more time in my head instead of living life than a normal person would . this . the istj i know and love is definitely romantic , but there is a limited supply of it . '