' if you want to know the difference between an enfp and an infp , watch these two in nacho libre spoilers for seasons 1-4 let ’ s start with king ecbert . at first glance , his whole “ plan to conquer england ” might sound like dominant te . but it isn ’ t as much an action derived from organization ... * cracks knuckles and grins * istp : ragnar estp : king ecbert ( am i the only one who sees this ? ? ) , jarl borg infj : helga , yidu ( ? ) , harbard ( a very , very mature infj ) enfj : athelstan isfp : bjorn ... hi , everyone ! i'm trying to figure out my little brother's type , and i'm pretty sure it's entj , but i'm not totally sure because he only exhibits entj-ness half the time . i'm probably going to go ... alright , come on , you two . let's play nice . i'm glad you're both passionate about the characters * to self * though , it was kind of intended to be a dick grayson thread ... * but let's be fair . and ... okay . that makes sense . the whole wrapping things around a central idea thing , right ? i also think it's worth pointing out that stephanie and dick would be perfect examples of immature and mature enfps ( respectively ) , assuming they are both enfps . to go a little deeper , i think steph ... ( sorry , i forgot how to mention people ) so , i was looking at some pictures of the batcave today , and i remembered jason's memorial trophy case . and i was just wondering if you thought there might ... i agree exactly with megadog on everyone . there are a couple of exceptions , like the two we discussed somewhere in the thread , but i need to go back and refresh my memory on one and the other i see ... interesting . i wonder if nesi types develop with a more se mindset when they are young ? because i definitely have had the same contemplations about why i was more of a sensate when i was a kid . onto ... yeah , exactly ! feelers don't have to be illogical and thinkers don't have to be heartless or unemotional . i think that the whole stereotyping of it expands feelers and thinkers to people it shouldn't ... hmm . interesting . thanks for that , by the way , i have more of an idea of the difference between the two . but i feel like though we established that mbti is purely a matter of cognitive function , the ... hmm , good point . i can see how he can be viewed as an esfp ( obviously i get the enfj by stereotype ) , especially since i think some versions of him pre-dickbats is an esfp ( one year later , i'm looking ... hey , it's all good :) as much fun as this is , i don't hold any obligation against you to respond immediately . especially since the justice league stuff is , indeed , very exciting and good like you ... come on in and read it , you know you wannntt tooo . let your neti looose ... 560066 as far as the enfj thing goes , i totally get it by function . i think he's definitely on the enfx ... okay , just making sure . so we're cool then . it's just that even if you are correct in saying that i am wrong ( you were wrong . yeah , i know , i'm just saying - - ( sigh ) just go with it for a second ) , ... okay , dude , it might just be because it's impossible to read emotions through a computer screen so i might be misinterpreting you , but i can see you're starting to shift from reasonably and cordially ... well ... i mean , you never see silver age batman ever changing the if it aint broke don't fix it approach to crime fighting ... right , i agree he has fi and that's a major reason he ... ... wait , what ? i'm confused . which part do you agree with ? isn't going around doing the exact same thing without any signs of reassessing the situation and being stuck in the same loop for eternity ... completely agree . yeah , i think that it's pretty popular to view him as an enfp , but i also have seen a lot of people claim that he's a mature enfj ( about half ) . which confuses me too , because as i ... glad we agree that dick's an enfp . i do agree that in the more modern interpretations of batman ( those that follow and emulate the frank miller batman ) are intj , including hush , but i'd argue that ... * smiles and cracks knuckles * haha , just kidding around . but in addition to my complete agreement with your observations in your first paragraph ( especially the part about dick and bruce being ... ... did i hit a nerve ? i feel like i hit a nerve . which isn't what i was trying to do . i was just trying to explain my reasoning ... now , i might not be the biggest expert at functions and ... hmmm , maybe . i think determining i / e is the most difficult factor to conclude because of infinite reasons for someone to use their external function before their internal function , and vice versa ... right , i agree , which is why i guessed esfj and esfp first . and why i clarified a feelings-strong estp . it was mostly because i feel like there's a difference between her and joe that i can't ... just thought i'd give my two cents ;) there's another thread about this right now so i don't know where to put this . guess here's a safe place . i've watched all seasons so this is what i personally ... i did it ! here's the new updated post with links ! here okay , so this is probably going to get extremely complicated and drawn-out and smell like pizza and root beer , but here it goes ... i keep trying to figure out nightwing's personality ( dick ... okay , everyone ! let's start talking about it so that i can put in the links ! :) hey , guys and gals ! how's this for a first post ? gotta make a great impression ! : wink : edit : okay , so it looks like i need to make 15 posts in order to make links , so let's have a big discussion ... yup . this is a buggy post . sorry for the hold-up . well , i'll admit , i never would have thought that it was my ne that was going haywire , but i do completely understand that what i wrote was ... well , a bit of a handful : wink : you've got to admit , ... hey , all , strap in tight , because this is a long post ( sorry in advance ) . little bit of a wonky issue here . the reason i have 3 subjects in the title is because they all mesh around the same ... okay , so things are going better . haven't talked to anyone yet , but i'm working on it . i'm starting to get the hang of things now . i figured a few things out , so things are working more smoothly . but ... oh ! i forgot to add that i'm not in a hole so deep i can't get out . i'm still optimistic about getting better and i'm not deep in the abyss or anything . i'm sure this is just some phase that i'll go ... so , sorta bad news . i had a couple of weeks of perfection ( blue skies , personality back , and a group of friends i connected with instantly ) , and for the past week , for whatever reason , i've been ... indeed , i am in my 20s :) why do you ask ? also , i agree about lifestyle choices ; i actually work out at least 4 times a week . i'm thankful for it , because if i didn't , i don't know how much lower i ... hey , all . been working hard the past couple of weeks so i wasn't able to come back until now . which is kinda good on the one hand because i can share updates . i haven't talked to anyone ... quick update . things are going a little better now that i've connected with fellow enfps who have been through the same thing . i went to a small party and , while awkward at times , was able to come ... oh , wow , hey all ! didn't realize i got responses until just now ( must be something relating to my email . whatever ) . first off , i want to say thanks to everyone who has posted , listened to me , ... hey , all . as the title suggests , this is gonna be one of those sad posts , which i know isn't the easiest thing for enfps to sit through , but i need to get it out : happy : yesterday i was just ... hm , interesting . that's why i am so confused is because of what seems to be the opposing extreme descriptions . and , by the way , i just want to make sure that everyone knows that in the first ... hm , okay . cool . good to know . and , yes , you're right ; i shouldn't paint my future based on a test . i just keep hearing that the enfpxintj relationship is common , so i wanted to know what it would be ... g_w i like that analogy , haha . alright . dude . i apologized twice . i said i'm not going to fight . how long do you want this to go on ? what do you expect to come out of this ? are we just going to keep going until the end of time ? i'm sure ... well , that's understandable . like i said , i don't blame you . but i do understand , and i'm not going to fight . so we can start from wherever we're at . if it's impossible to forgive me , i don't blame ... look , i see that i made mistakes and that i caused big misunderstandings , mostly from my own ignorance . i don't blame you for what you've said or felt , especially zuflex . if you'll forgive me , i ... '