' i didnt think istps were really into anime ... hmm interesting . welcome ! ello ! play ! play ! play ! i know it isn't the right thing to do , but i cant help it ... as long as someone gets me ice cream cupcakes from coldstone , we gucci #goodassnight hello ! i too attract the wrong friends :( nice meeting you .  lmao , i mean .. he didn't reck the car :) hello fellow noobie i'll recommend : wristcutters : a love story ( 2006 ) empress of the night known in some parts of the world as : nemesis of the flesh the great archives record : a sensual one who knows the flesh - and knows the blood . yep they're byronic to a tea . i couldn't think of the right word at the moment . i love the vd new episode thursday ! my favorite characters are damon and klaus because they're the most complex . i think season 4 has had the most progress story wise , the others seemed very ... the only thing that holds me back from actually committingsuicide is my uncertainty of going to hell . ohhh and besides that i haven ’ tscratched everything off of my bucket list ... so i would say ... 21 and over i really like the vikings show too ! but .. i must say those rape scenes make me a little uncomfortable :( merp hello ! i love the vampire diaries too : kitteh : hobbies : - tv shows ( currently : vampire diaries , pll , vikings .. ) - music ( hip-hop , r & b , alternative ) - crochet - tennis - filmaking - chilin ' wit da hummies :) - researching random ish for ... i'm feeling like this ... i think . i have a black cat ( i've had a black cat my whole life .. whether as a gift or dropped off at my house ) . i tend to see myself as a dog person nonetheless . my cat is moody which pisses me off , but at ... sounds about right . hey fellow noob ! what made you want to join perc ? i believe this world we live in is too profound to not believe in god . i scored a 16 . song of the day wow ... it is pretty late the night is good for my inner peace , it's the day that worries me . goodnight perc you are a concerned artist.you are an artist your appreciation of beauty , ability to think abstractly , and innovativeness make you an artist . trifix : 5w6 , 9w1 , 3w4 . your core type ( your strongest type ) is type 5 with a 6 wing : type five individuals are cerebral , intelligent , and complex . type five is often called the investigator type , ... activist : strong reflector : very strong theorist : low pragmatist : very strong i would say that these results are very accurate . damn , ya'll need some cable in your life . lmao everything i watch on tv it is relatively embarrassing . all the shows include the supernatural , some ghetto teenager ish , or random snippets from the ... today's song frostpaw i'm glad i brought back feelings of nostalgia :) song of the day  howdy ! today's song well my best ( only ) friend is an istj .. , so i guess that type works for me . side note : i find n's intriguing and f's a tad annoying  63477yep ... ima bad bitch :) * i'm joking all i ask is for some quailty time and action over words . well .. i watched pitch perfect ( not something i would typically watch , but i like fat amy :) ) last movie in the cinema : zero dark thirty the glass castle by jeannette walls mom - infp dad - istp ( so i gather .. he's a machinist ) step-dad - intj brother - esfp me - istp i know for a fact that i got my p from my parents . i don't know why i would have the same mbti as ... welcome to perc ! i'm a noob too :) ps . my best friend is a istj but she's a girl . my friend is a istj and she has told that she wants a big dog or a cat after college . when she starts a family she wants a puppy for her kids to grow up with . '