' i can relate , but inversely . i can spend an absurd amount of time trying to beat an impossible video game but if you put something like sudoku in front of me i'll end up crushing the page and eating ... i had no idea there was a name for that ... thanks a ton for the link . now i've got one more thing to read about . finally , someone that understands ... snoring is horrible . have you tried using your cellphone as an alarm ? i have mine set to vibrate so i feel the alarm more than i hear it . that might be worth a shot . then you could wear earplugs to ... sometimes copy-pasta can be delicious . this is one of those times . now i feel bad cause i crack my knuckles and back all the time ... it doesn't actually kill your joints though . the more you know ... for me it's the sound of someone chewing . especially when they are looking over my shoulder or trying to tell me something . it makes me feel like i need to go destroy a planet . i have no idea why but ... pretty much just when i am driving . watching other drivers and predicting what they are going to do is a necessity , especially on the freeway . that's about the only time i feel like i need to predict ... i do my best to be polite with everyone i meet . i am always quiet , whether it be in groups or one-on-one . i talk a bit more when there are fewer people around but i'm still basically just a bystander ... ferrero rocher most delicious chocolate everever . just got a 48 pack of them at costco the other day too . worth every penny . i had my first real relationship when i was 15 and i broke it off . i'm 22 now and haven't had a girlfriend since . i would love to meet someone that i could be with but that just doesn't seem possible ... i don't think there is anything about istps that would suggest we're stupid . we observe and internalize all the data we collect , where we turn it every which way to understand how it fits together ... if you know of another planet to move to i would love to come with . i find it extremely difficult to get to know people . i never open up about myself , even to friends i've had my whole life . i am an intensely private person and if i ever get into a conversation about ... i've only gotten 5w6 and it seems to fit me pretty well . please change my name to feral . thanks i don't even ... is this your way of saying you don't like romney ? the more time i spend around people the more lonely i get . i've only started noticing this in the last couple years . i can be by myself for a long time without much issue , but once i spend some time ... i've never really considered hurting myself . i have been very depressed before , but i have a particular dislike for any sort of permanent body modification ( of myself , other people can do what they ... i like the raven and a few cheeky haikus , but that's it . haikus are easy but sometimes they don't make sense refrigerator . i definitely drive manual cars more aggressively than autos , but i don't speed to get places faster . the difference in getting there a minute or two faster doesn't matter much to me . i speed on ... it's hard for me not to speed . i see most of the posted speed limits as arbitrary numbers that are far too slow to be realistic . my primary form of transport is a sport bike though , so i don't need ... i have a couple beers a week , but never drink to get drunk . it's not that fun for me . i just feel light headed and lose my balance . i only drink because i like the taste . i've never read an encyclopedia , but i do spend a lot of time gathering info about certain subjects that catch my fancy . mostly cars and motorcycles and such . love watching shows like modern marvels ... hiya . hopefully you learn some neet stuffs here . i know i have . it's a very easy place to be a lurker at least . do you play any other games besides minecraft ? i feel like procrasturbation is at least 20 % more of a problem than plain old procrastination . maybe that's just me though ... the only way i can beat either is by doing whatever the project is the ... any word on when this issue will be fixed ? under normal circumstances i prefer listening to artists like mastodon or black sun empire . when i get super stressed or angry / depressed i will start listening to more slipknot and lamb of god ... i can't stand kinds at all . i would be happy if i never had to interact with one again . it probably goes without saying that i don't want to have kids any time soon , if at all . i love being around ... i'm a considerate builder : builder you are detail-oriented , cautious , and practical , making you a builder . that's a tough one ... - internalizing - quick - quiet - avoidant - stray i think that's as good as it's gonna get . my advice is almost always do whatever it is you really feel like you want to do . not the best advice ever , but people rarely come to me for advice anyway . if i am ever forced to give useful ... i like texting as a quick method for communication that doesn't require immediate response . it's very convenient as a sort of fire-and-forget sort of thing . i just hate seeing people that text all ... i don't remember ever having an imaginary friend , as interesting as that sounds . i played with toys and made up stories surrounding the characters , but it was just normal kid play sort of stuff . 41 % left brain 59 % right brain i wasn't really expecting that . i've always thought of myself as a more rigid , logical person . maybe i just want to think of myself that way ... metal gear solid 3 takes the cake for me . nothing else even comes close . 1 . mastodon 2 . lamb of god 3 . dream theater 4 . yoko kanno 5 . noisia 6 . dethklok 7 . the prodigy 8 . celldweller 9 . korn 10 . slipknot i got a 2 in anxiety and a 5.22 in avoidance , putting me in the ' dismissing ' quadrant . that is exactly how i've felt for the last couple years ... looking forward to prometheus something fierce . loves me them aliens . also wanting to play alan wake on pc . just haven't had the funds to buy it yet . i never really thought about it . i suppose i do enjoy hearing my name when it's a girl that says it . otherwise i'm indifferent . i can get choked up on occasion , but never much more emotional than that . i don't think i've cried in quite a few years . i got close to crying at a funeral but i just have a mental block that ... i got interested in online personality quizzes and such and started researching the different mbti descriptions . took me a while but istp stood out as the most accurate . i know where i'm moving to now . spiders . except jumping spiders . they are cute and fuzzy . all others can burn . oh , and purse dogs . those things are obnoxious . i've been riding motorcycles since i was 5 . i've got a daytona 675 and a crf 250x right now . most enjoyable thing in life as far as i'm concerned . i've got a daytona 675 and a crf 250x . i love driving . exploring mountain roads is one of the few things i truly enjoy these days . the problem is there are so many traffic cops it's hard to find open roads any more . its depressing . '