' ... when you can't stop over analyzing things . ... when you get the question wrong , but your first answer was right , but you over analyzed again . i don't know about intp since the first one shouts fi , but then the person said that the cognitive functions don't match her type which is stupid , because that means she typed based off of the ... infp there is way too much fi in you . ixtp i can understand why you would suspect infj since we do share our dominant and inferior functions with one another , but i don't think i have a trace of fe in me . hi . i decided to make this thread , because i know that a lot of people on this forum have some questions about intjs . female intjs , specifically . i know that i put teenage in the title , but i haven't ... intjs sent from my ipad using tapatalk i just wanted to know , because i'm interested in this entp guy . i want to know what you guys think of someone that has oppositely directed functions from you . sent from my ipad using tapatalk i have two accounts , because i made the scorwhatevertaurius account and forgot the password . ... you forget your stuff somewhere , because you're so lost in thought . sent from my ipad using tapatalk i actually already knew that catholicism is a branch of christianity , thanks . i have done my research . [ emoji 1 ] i mentioned only christianity , because it's the most popular religion . and i didn't ... i'm an intj , actually . and nine facts is the minimum . intp you're right about xnxj . i'm an intj . you're a definite extraverted intuition user , so i'd say enxp . i'd have to say intj . the several plans part kind of threw me off though , because i kind of got an ne vibe . and i'm an intj with a well developed te . thank you and you're right . i am , in fact , an intj . i think you're an infj . yeah ... no . simple as that . nope . i'm an intj and i'd prefer to lead if i saw that something wasn't being done right under someone else's authority . infjs may be followers , but intjs are more inclined ... entj : power-hungry leader like hillary clinton intj : i'm an intj and i will sometimes lead , like , if no one else was up for it or they were being too indecisive . entp : pretends to be a leader , but ... independent * what is agokcen's mb type ? because i'm an intj and i'm sure other members would overestimate my age if i didn't state it . my current crush is an entp . i don't exactly know why i like him . i think it's his sense of humor . he's weird though and i don't really know if this is an entp thing or what , but he walks alone in ... is english not your first language ? i'm wondering , because i've noticed that you use the incorrect prefixes for words . for example , uncompetent . the correct form is incompetent . hm ... well , you're to have to try and kill yourself ... in front of her . then she'll rush next to you and give you her soul . and that , my dear entp , is how you get an isfj to life you . sent from ... i was first typed as an estp when in actuality , i'm an intj . intj anti-theist i understand why other intuitives would believe in a higher power , but why christianity and catholicism ? in my opinion , christianity along with islam are the two worst religions ... i don't think very many xntjs would kill their self unless it was the best choice . sent from my ipad using tapatalk 1 . i'm not a sociopath . 2 . i enjoy [ some ] people's company . 3 . i can go with the flow . 4 . i'm a little bit sensitive . words hurt me sometimes . 5 . i don't always plan ahead . i really do hate ... i have looked into cognitive functions . i think i already posted something saying that i have . i know that being outspoken or silent doesn't label someone as an introvert or extrovert . i'm going to ... haha . i'm actually not an entp . this account was from when i was just starting mbti and i focused on the stereotypes about the four dichotomies . i started reading up on cognitive functions and i ... i know that there's already a forum similar to this , but it's already received over 600 replies , so i think the chances of people actually getting typed is slim . that's why i decided to start a clean ... that was a fantastic way of putting it . but i'm afraid this one bridge has already fallen apart due to lack of maintenance . i'm not quite sure if the two are mentally or emotionally stable . i don't think i'm blaming it on the type . like i said in a later post , mbti is really irrelevant here except for the fact that i'm an intj so i'm seeking other intellectuals ' advice . i guess i just ... you're right about intjs usually being bright and seeing how much high school is a waste of time . i'm a seventh grader and i can comprehend basic principles more than my bible-thumping teachers who ... you're suggesting tolerating it ? well , i think i've been doing that for the past year or so . and why do i get angry when they do what i expect them to ? well , that is a good point , but i don't think ... i don't think i can find someone who interests me inside of my school . maybe outside , but they would most likely be at least ten years older than me . maybe this isn't a matter of personality . i ... perhaps i do . but where shall i find some ? surely not in a school filled with a bit over three hundred ignoramuses who don't know half the meaning of think for yourself . maybe it's my cynicism . or ... well , because beggars can't be choosers . : wink : i don't have much friends in my middle school anyway and i'd prefer to at least maintain a bit of a totally not a loser image at my school ... that must mean i'm a mature intj which is funny because i'm under fourteen years old . i do have problems with the i hate you and you and you and you thing though . but it's mostly because most of my ... hi . i've been considering shutting out friends for a while now , but i'm still not sure if i should . curse you tertiary function ! i just don't think they benefit me . i think i do better being ... nice going there . typing with stereotypes and only the big four ... well , that sucks , because i'm only twelve . i'm pretty sure i'm an intj though . i can't tell if the first line is supposed to be sarcastic , but i guess i am . thanks . i was kind of bossy . i mean , not in your typical do this , do that way but in the sense of wanting the ... he gets overly emotional sometimes like with the whole lainey divorce issue . i agree that he is irrational at times , but i can be , too and i'm a thinking type , and you can't really judge based on ... i do well in school . actually , i do great . i am a straight a student and i participate in a variety of extracurricular activities , but i would skip class if i didn't have to worry about the ... hi , there . thank you for replying . i was six when i moved here in america , so english isn't my first language , either . i didn't have to go through that whole esl bullshit , because i lived in the ... can an extrovert become an introvert ? i'm not even sure if i ever was an extrovert . i mean , i did grow up in a very large family ( 25 cousins , 14 uncles and aunts , etc . ) . could that have made me more ... did you not realize i'm an introvert ? intj ? tertiary fi ? bottomline is , i suck at expressing my feelings . so ... female intj here that has fallen into the bottomless pit of charm and wit possessed by the enfp male . the only problem is that i can't tell if he's interested in me . any tips ? i'm a young intj female , so i'm not sure if my opinion has much to offer ... just kidding . an intj's advice always has value . : laughing : i think that you guys are very charming and witty . for some ... i'm an intj girl who is intrigued by an enfp male . just out of curiosity , what are some signs that a teenage enfp guy likes you ? '