' there may have been a ways to annoy an enfp but its long gone by now , lost in the pile that is our forum . plus i don't see why it has to be so specific what are some good ways of annoying ... i could make a list but i would probably lose it or forget about it . i do however like to study by condensing and rewriting my notes . so i guess that's kind of close ? 16,000 lol thats what happens when you grow up in iowa ^ we have done two different types of speeches in my class , a manuscript speech ( you read off of a paper ) and an impromptu speech ( make a lot of stuff up ) our teacher asked us which we preferred ... this was a question on a horrible personality test that may or may not be stickied on this forum . this made me think , what if all the tests are bs ? how much faith should i really put in a ... maybe she's manic-depressive ? xanax is usually the remedy in that case edit i misread some of it . still , she's the only one that can solve the problem . idk what else to say , not really a lot of ... that's an interesting thought . i had a class about other religions , there was this interesting tidbit about hinduism . they did not believe it was righteous to do something with the intent of being ... i might go to buddhism . i tried to be christian but i never went to church , i never prayed ( always felt weird ) , never really believed in linearity . we see everyday that life is a circle , the food ... i've been described as robotic by my friend , who as an entp seems more robotic then anyone . makes me think i might be a t though . other things , i hate facebook . i have it , but i hate it . i don't ... your welcome ! as long as you can think of a good ideas or one really great idea , it wouldn't matter what mbti you have . its really funny that you said that . i forgot the name of the forum too , but i remember your name somehow , maybe it was because of the dog . anyway , i googled your name to find this place again . haha , ... i'm an entrepreneur ! its just ebay but its enough for me to not get a boring real life job :) uhh idk if personality has much to do with it , i just saw an opportunity and ran with it . most people ... first off , i forgot my own username , when i found it through my email , i couldn't believe how bad it is ! so with that said , if you could change your username or even your real name , what would it ... i think if i re read your post that i start to understand what you are trying to say . yes i think that some people figure out their type along the associated stereotypes that come with it , and use it ... maybe its a crappy test ? the wording and the types of questions can give inaccurate results . i think the way most of the questionnaires are set up , a lot of people will get extravert even if that is ... why do go back in when you already know what will happen ? ? you don't have an obligation to this person , do what is best for you , its probably best for her as well . i think my interests are scattered i like to draw , i feel like i'm an artist at heart but i also like to punch things , i like mma and i used to practice when i had the funds i also have a ... i like to play football and basketball . nah advertisements ( commercials , posters , online ads , websites ) are the current and future of art . graphic designers are responsible for creating the look of modern media . video games are a ... scary can be fun , it can be a wonderful adventurous feeling , if you view it as such . it is also temporary , for better or worse . better act on it before its gone . ahh my apologies , the joke flew right by me . tbh i've never wandered into this part of the forum . i guess infj's confuse me haha . seems like the people that enjoy debate have learned to separate their emotions . i also think that debating also makes some people feel uncomfortable . i would hate to get myself involved if the ... well you are a bloody fool . most of the people with unworthy personality types , won't even know what mbti is . you will reject them and they will not understand it . i do not either . you think a stupid ... grinding my teeth don't consider procrastination or disorganization a bad habit anymore . it is what it is . i need to get a night guard for my teeth though . maybe impassioned is a better word for angry . idk ignorance really makes me mad . i mean impassioned . i was going down the debate forum for the first time and realized that i had a hard time following debate etiquette . that is to keep your emotions in check and not sound angry . the thing is , i ... this quote seems to be very appropriate . “ i ’ m sad , but at the same time i ’ m really happy that something made me feel that sad . it ’ s like , it makes me feel alive , you know ? it makes me feel human ... i'm a rather poor leader , so i tend to need a leader or co-leader in the group that deals with responsibilities of the group , ie making plans . mostly making plans . i don't plan things and i hate ... anarchy i hope you're not implying that i'm a hipster oh yeah how could i forget avatar ? ? talk about cliche . that was pretty much the whole movie . action wasn't that great either . like you can have a stupid movie as long as its cool . ie taken . yeah ... any james bond movie ; he never dies , he barely gets scratched and the bad guy always loses . repeat . repeat . repeat . transformers 2 was awful , it had barely had a story and had more plot holes ... na i think whatever i get is whatever i get . who says i am an enfp ? tests could be wrong . the theory could be wrong . having a good or bad personality has nothing to do with type , you can be an ... i def agree with this . but also , even though i / e is perceived as a measure in outgoingness , the real difference is how we get our energy . introverts regain energy by being by themselves while ... i don't think anyone should be too harsh , its just a spitball theory on the forum . he's probably right , introverts are more likely to be active users , hence introverts are more revered . i don't ... i do it all the time , when i meet new people i try to emulate how i think an entp might act . i find that i can let go of any nervousness or fear and replace it with the calculated charm that some ... a man with no enemies is a man with no character . paul newman haters gonna hate na i don't think its not a troll thread , there's really nothing there that's provoking . unless he is a bad troll . in my psch class i kept asking why we studied about sig freud , since he was wrong about almost everything and he was known and still is known in some circles as a coke induced nutjob . my teacher said ... did you know that blue collar workers tend to be the most charitable class in america ? they work incredibly hard , yet have fewer things then middle and upperclass america . and yet it is funny because ... well thread is not locked yet so i decided to put my two cents in . it takes a long time to know someone to be able to type them and even when you do , it's still a guess . op doesn't comment but i ... mbti type shouldn't factor in your decision to start a relationship , although in this case it seems like the two of you wouldn't make the best pair . the way i see it is mbti isn't a rulebook , it's a ... that is absolutely me right now , i just feel exhausted and worried all the time , when normally strangers / friends would perceive me as laid back and careless . i hope you get out of your rut as well ! ... this is gonna be pretty deep . no one really knows me because i'm new but i feel like enfps are the only ones that can relate . here goes . so i had an amazing circle of friends at my first school , i ... that's a great way to control your emotions , my psych teacher , who is a licensed psychologist as well , suggests talking through the situation . this way you consider the other party's situation as ... dude you are putting the type in a box and in a way you are lying without knowing it , which is pretty ironic . there are people use the personality theory like its a horoscope or something . here ... '