' well you have two options . 1 ) accept it , and embrace it ( i know for a fact that there are some men and women who dig that kind of stuff ) . it is possible to be happy eating in excess , and to accept ... is there any stress in your life at the moment . from mentioning that you feel stressed out over not sorting your life out i can infer that you are a college / university graduate ( or possibly a student ... well if it's any consolation , i went through similar thoughts and feelings back in january ( around my eighteenth birthday no less ... ) and i will say that it has only been until recently that i could ... if i ignore you , but see you often ; maybe even seem like i'm trying to see you , but act like i don't . if i look at you through the corner of my eye , but quickly look away embaressed ; then that is ... fine :d ry : , we'll have a nice candlelit dinner in the nicest restraunt in town , and we'll get a cake for dessert with this one top in icing . and i will refuse to call it a date . yeah , we will get a room , and it will have blackjack and hookers ( to help us play blackjack , since it's not as fun with two players ) . and i would add forget the room , but it would probably be too ... the day i lose all hope in love . lets say it's anywhere from 5 minutes to 70 + years from now . * swoon * sorry , it's just people talking about love gets me kinda hot and bothered ( okay , kinda wrong choice of words ) ... i was originally writing a thread about solving problems , then it suddenly turned into this . i feel like i have a pile of problems on my plate . however it feels like everybody wants me to deal or ... i would like to have anybody interested in their future watch this video . despite the sarcastic title , it is a very interesting talk . larry smith : why you will fail to have a great career | video ... i myself would major in english / creative witing ( due to the advice of one teacher ) and minor psychology . but i would rather ask you to list reasons why you want to into each field of study . and ... gah , i didn't really mean that much when i wrote it . i guess i was trying to get someone who was an opposite of infpblog in a way ( mostly in his way of being down to earth ) , and your name was the ... as for myself , i was silent more than i talked . i alternated between daydreaming in class and paying close attention to the teacher in class . i usually tried to find an isolated low-to-no traffic ... icarusdreams , you basically described what i was trying to say . we each have our own niche , infp's in the world , and ourselves in this forum ; just because not as many people can see it does not make ... sounds like a very negative first post . almost makes me question his motives for posting ... 1 ) the fact that you admit knowing little about the mbti is evident . you base yourself as the template ... the parts that i bolded describe the insecurities that all infp's ( i would even wager everyone ) have . nobody wants to share what they have with somebody who will crush it . all shy infp's ( which many ... don't smoke at all . sometimes i wonder life would be like if i did smoke , but i place that more on the level of what if i were a woman ( and i am cisgendered if that provides any context ) . i ... good plans ruined ... i would like to say that you are a responsible person and that you have the choice and responsibility to choose how you alter your body or mind . but i can not . it is one thing if it is escapism ... the feeling in the world is when you're one of many friends to your one and only friend . pointless fear paralizes me from having pleasant moments before they start . yay stupid ne ... i do wear one mask , but it's not the one of extraversion , or of comfidence , or that of self-hatred . i guess my mask is extreme introversion . i always hide what i want to say exactly what i want , ... the ability for our fantasies to be physically here is non-existant . ... unless you imagine really really hard ... ... i'll be in my bunk . there was a time when i thought i had depression then i had a day where i lost it all in a fit of confidence i made a wager then i finally saw who i was who the people were behind the ... tranformation into any form i choose , mostly to be able to fly ; and other perverse reasons ... if that's too easy / boring , then maybe a personality reading ability , where i can be able to ... let's just say that our anthem committee have retreated into their houses embaressed that they have taken so long , and are now afraid that people will judge them for hiding . i would have to respectfully disagree . the crux of your arguement is the equation of sex to marriage , when the effect an intent of both are entirely different beasts . sex is away of expressing ... ^ kind of guy you should pass on :p roud :[ / quote ] alienvomitsex don't shoot the messenger ! ! [ / quote ] in a sense he's right , men are hardwired for looking for more physical attributes when ... i refuse to acknowledge your title and declare our official government structure as an anarcho utopian socialist society . our official motto will be , whatever , and our flag will be decided at a ... exactly what orangeappled said , i have trouble with acknowledging value in myself . mostly because i have not opened myself in such a way that others have been able to see what's good inside me . i do ... often when i'm on a bus , bored , i get in a musically creative mood where i try to write lyrics . often times they are extremely poor lyrcs that just work as poetry and i delete them soon after . ... * strangers chatting to their friends , while you mutually ignore eachother's existence * seriously , do it , i literally think it's a crime that nobody has piped up about it other than myself and emily riddle . follow my recommendation to watch that one episode i mentioned , it will give you ... do you minding giving us some ways that your sister differs from you , with out using the word pretty or other words about how she is more physically attractive ? i honestly cannot believe that looks ... okay , revisiting this ; i was definitely horny when i was thinking about it , and now that it's out of my system i don't feel too much attraction to her . also in comparison i have not felt ... only when it's goddamn appropriate , we don't need assholes fucking up this place due to bad manners . here's my perspective on losing virginity . if a chick cares too much about it , then she's too self-absorbed to give a second thought about how you feel about it . the reason why the ' no sex ... i think i have something like this ... but i have a feeling that it's just me being horny . ( men : rolleyes :) but yeah , i kinda feel bad that i have never felt something like this ( or at least ... i think that infp's in a way are one of the types more inclined towards pleasure of some forms ; but i think that's more of an xxfp type thing in general rather than an infp . i would imagine that ... that's adorable as shit . :p roud : no community fans here ? i would imagine that the off-beat nature of the show would appeal to many of us here . it's smart in a way that is on-par with arrested development ( though an entirely ... i was looking at your pictures and i was thinking how a headband , bandana , or some sort of accessory like that would look good around your forhead ( not saying that you look bad without one , just ... you forgot to mention that despite our warm climate there is relatively little sunlight , which tends to cause depression in some islanders . : tongue : also that libraries and coffee shops outnumber ... how i have no friends / close friends i talk to often . that i don't look as attractive as i think i do . that i may think i know a subject more than i actually do , thus becoming ' that guy ' . ... i woukd post but it looks like more people are talking about themselves than talking about games ... i agree with you that arrogance is repulsive , i am not asking her to do such a thing , but rather guide her on the way to real healthy confidence . first i feel that i must explain the difference ... all of these described the depression that accompanied me during the weeks around my birthday back in january . only thing i would alter or add is 4 . [ precieved ] rejection / rejection [ of yourself ] , ... that is not true , the biggest thing that determines attraction in 90 % of all people is self-confidence . i have seen women unhealthily obese flaunting what they've got after years of low-self esteem , ... i would imagine shoegaze would be a popular genre for nf's as it's a very ethereal and dreamy sound associated so it's more about how you feel when listening than lyrical content . sigur ros would ... maybe try going up to somebody who interests you and compliment them on something relevant ( necklace , shoes , book , name ) , and then try conversing about said ' something ' or other relevant thing . ... '