' intjs tend to be much cooler and logical about things . it is easier to recognize in their approach to situations . there is a logical application ( te ) to their personal values ( fi ) , which can vary in ... please post them ! i love hearing new music from people who play , hobby or otherwise . but if it's country , then forget it . i don't wanna hear it ! ! haha , thank you . it's fun for me to admire other musicians as well . if it makes you feel better , i took lessons up until high school . i got back into piano when i decided to self-teach myself , ... goodness , i wish ! apparently i'll be playing with a grand this weekend ... or maybe the booker got it confused with an upright :P thank you for your kind words . i record them using an electronic piano ... here's some of my music :D i write mostly solo piano pieces and i'm always writing here and there . if anyone's in canoga park this upcoming weekend i'll be at the guitar merchant playing . :) garcdanny 26 , i also find talking to people helps too . it's similar to this but at least if you find some people you feel comfortable talking to , just talk about them . pass no judgment on the words , ... often times i find myself in a similar detachment / impulsiveness flux as some of the others here . for myself personally , i actually have a tendency to get disoriented and confused depending on how ... look , i grewed a beard ! vivid melody , dementor turns out old macbook pros don't have the same kind of camera quality as the new iphones you kids have . woops ... how do you define it ? how does it manifest in your life ? what compels you to continue the practice or discontinue the practice of faith ? how has it made an impact in your life ? i think this is really important amc , a lot of times i forget people ( including myself ! ) are human . don't feel guilty for what you feel , but allow yourself to feel those feelings . recently i have ... i can hear it ... calling in the air tonight ... ohhh for some reason i really dig monster . always liked it better than rockstar , for some reason . anybody else garden here ? :D bööaaa , es ist lange gewesen , als ich deutsch richtig gesprochen und geschrieben habe , aber find ich es ein gutes praxis . :) freut mich auch , dass du viele emoticons benutzt :D versteh ich ! ich ... hey , thank you so much ! i'm going to be updating it now and then , i'm always working on new pieces . :) true . where are you from ? luckily , since i'm in california , i have the pleasure of having ... rainbow six siege just came out with some new dlc and it's awesome ! i don't know if you play , but it's a great game , team one at that , so playing with friends is pretty awesome ! plus , even the ... i just got back from a trip from portland , which was a lot of fun ! i've been to germany , hawaii , a few places over in europe , quite a few others ... i've got a trip booked to hawaii again this ... okay , maybe i can't bring the coffee , but i just want to talk to people . tell me what's going on in your lives , how it makes you feel , anything . just looking for a conversation . :) write away ! when i have taken care of myself adequately , then i can worry about giving back to the community . if there are any signs i'm putting others before myself unnecessarily - like worrying about my ... i do ... i recently was told that i came across to someone as charming . before i've been described as gregarious . lot of other different things too . everyone will have a different opinion or view of ... only speaking from my own experience . i cut the person out of my life , the one who betrayed me . it took me a while to trust again . not because of this one person , but because of how i was . i ... where am i at ? well ... usually my room , or at class , or hanging out with a few friends . i'm not one for big parties , so you probably won't find me there . also : the internet . i tend to be a homebody ... i think these points are very important to take away . i don't think it's productive to say that taking care of yourself is selfish , because then you might feel guilty . you have needs and wants just ... hey there , first off i think you are processing emotions just by typing it out . set aside fixing for a moment - is there something that makes you , or has been making you , feel negatively this ... this is pretty much it right here , at least as far as internet penpals go . you're already brought here through a mutual interest ( personality theory ) so it gives you a basis right there . i've had ... hi kittycat , a different way of approaching the whole i shouldn't need people to make me happy is just to ask yourself what would make you happy . what are some things you're interested in ? my ... i see more of an fi / te axis in your response with that heavy leaning on fi-dominance . # 3 and # 9 seem indicative ( to me , as examples ) as general fi behavior . some general aspects of infp vs infj in ... it's good to hear that she could be sympathetic to it ( though i will avoid making general assumptions based on type ) . i have seen her a few times around and i sometimes interpret it as a returning ... ha ! sensationalist title drawing you in ! but really , i've got a question . a thread i made way back in , like , 2011 , got thanked and when i re-read what i wrote i actually could relate what i wrote ... a few thoughts after doing a test-run with domzz and zallla ( and whoever the other person was , i don't know your username xd ) . - too many introverts lead to stifled discussion ( introverts have ... i currently am pursuing a screenwriting degree , though i'm afraid i have little to no experience thus far . : sad : i'm surprised so many infjs here like metal ... and it's not too often i get to express my love for the genre so openly , so i decided to bump this old geezer to share :) some of my favorite bands are ... right now , i feel like i'm doing pretty awful in school . missing class , being unprepared for my midterms . not being all i could be , really . there's just a huge lack of any motivation or passion to ... u200bthe town of gray i walk through the town of gray , worn down by battles of old , rubble shifts at my feet while i move my way through the stone searching for the answers which would satisfy the ... i move with the waves ; i don't drown in the tides , but i'm lost in the sea ... well i think the first thing to consider is your friend's acceptance of the diagnosis . it can be hard for people sometimes to accept that they have an illness ( that is , if it was properly diagnosed ... dear me , why do you wait until the last day to do your homework ? oh , i busted out a 12 - page term paper the night before . you also got 3 hours of sleep that night , dipwad . now you're doing an ... a shepherd herds one thousand sheep all in order to earn his keep he sees one sheep wander astray to what he imagines , a dark doorway but the sheep does not see the mirage an illusion , a mental ... how i sit here and write , mulling over and over all night , hoping for some surprise prose to appear - well , who knows ? maybe i can't write a damn poem . i seek deeply and soulfully , waiting ... if it feels thank-worthy , thank it ! thanking posts really depends on my mood ... if i feel in a good mood , i may thank many posts . if i make a thread and people reply , i may thank all the posters ... going with the other enxp guesses , with enfp over entp ... type 6 is also there though i feel that is though you had that figured out and are self-confirming it through your writing ... anyways , ... i was aware that depression existed in my life , and i became aware of my bipolar symptoms ( at least those considered bipolar-ii , i . e . hypomania / depression ) before i actually ascended into mania - and ... ha ! i lied ! i've actually written two more songs using punk-o-matic 2 : burial for a prince graverobbing this was made using a mixing game , where there were different tracks to use . so these ... pretty much from what i have experience it blocks everything except my se and ti . these work in very basic forms though . it's really hard to access the power of ni let alone the power of fe . that's ... thanks for the responses everyone . it's lovely having good feedback from people who've had experience with this kinda stuff , since i don't know anyone really who has . : kitteh : i will address a few ... hey everyone , i'm currently taking abilify for bipolar-i , and needless to say , it ( and the other meds i have taken ) has really wrecked my ability to empathize , feel emotions or attraction - ... your music reminded me of colbie caillat on first impression ... or perhaps some other singer that i can't pinpoint right now . you have that sort of er in your singing voice . fear not , though , you ... because the judging function is extroverted and thus the most recognizable . j denotes having a dominant / auxiliary je function , while p denotes having a dominant / auxiliary pe function . we are ... so i just started college and all it seems to me is that people only care about partying and the opposite sex . someone please tell me there's more to that and that i'll be able to make friends who ... if sensing and intuition or equal in their forms of perception , then intuition shouldn't be more adept at knowing god than sensing should . i know the bias wasn't completely intentional , but that's ... why should intuitives be more capable or privileged of knowing god than a sensor ? i actually like going to concerts , but i find myself listening to the music more than participating with the crowd . however i did go to warped tour this last month and i saw miss may i . i liked ... '