' plan D:  i always want to stab people who do that cause people are boring , not necessarily worse , ... you and the tps share the love for the construct , intjs want to use as little construct as possible to reach the target goal the quickest and most efficient way possible . if you apply this to ... japan . one of the best characteristics of intjs ( in general ) is how truth is everything , if we lose , we concede , if we win , we expect you to do the same . don't disrespect us ... i'm not sure you are using the correct or more like the more accurate meaning for spatial here . as far as i'm concerned i have outstanding spatial skills , to a point where i am nicknamed ... with this captain obvious logic , you will be an intj magnet . i meant why an intj ? why ? office / uni code : if thou come into the possession of a pen , it is yours thou shalt not lend your pen to anyone smokers code : if thou come into the possession of a ... according to most people in my life i'm the best listener they have encountered . mind you , i don't have casual people in my life . during casual encounters i don't tend to talk about myself as much ... there is something most posts are not accounting for . the current military structure that can actually serve in battle is based on the mixed personalities . it is stereotypical ( which is fine given ... no . i use these terms a lot to describe actual facts i'm basing my argument on . people who do such shit are really annoying cause i need to call them on it as sarcastically as possible . you and i ... you would like that wouldn't you ? you have not provided any proof or details about your bogus survey , all you have done effectively is get some intjs to count their breathing . unless you provide ... intjs won't act in this way unless there is a specific and strong reason for it . he could be just a dick , granted . but this behaviour seems more stemming from something that you have not mentioned ... i have a feeling that you are leaving something out . can you tell us the complete story please ? cause this doesn't make sense . what lilysocks said plus smoking , mood and current physical status and medical conditions . this doesn't sound scientific . > trolling detected . sci-fi , exclusively , i rarely watch anything else . also the less action the better . prepare your mind anus ! hipsters that acknowledge that they are hipsters are too mainstream . / thread . despite the fact i spend most of my time on / b / , i can say with certainty this thread is the most moronic arrangement of letters in the english language i have read in a very very long time . i ... u wut m8 ? question : where is all this information coming from ? i mean how do astrologists know what virgo or leo is like ? what is the source of all this knowledge . it is rather absurd ... i'm sorry you are dying , mrs . moron true detective / thread  intjs would make great pyschologists and effective therapists , me thinks , especially since carl jung himself was intj or at most intp . intj would find any job that requires a people person sucky ... ^ oop i'm an intj who was in a relationship with an infj who was raped . my advice : just.do.it . we are not big on retrospect , and we won't understand , because you could tell us , i strongly advise you ... u wot m8 ? this thread . two times is enough . i highly doubt he would need more than that . i'm sorry this didn't work out . lel . nope . it was a clever pun of yours truly by using your words ( paved asphalt , planted trees ) by saying if we paved the planet green . you obviously missed it . you said : so , gr8 b8 m8 , my ... erm ... yeah , the science is weak in this one . let's put aside the argument about global warming ( since you don't like climate change ) being man made or not , the phrase in your post did no one ever ... this hasn't been my experience with infjs . obviously you is different . this not a sexist or misogynist thing ( protip : it is ) but when the other partner submits to the intj , things tend to work ... exactomondo ! say wut m8 ? that's one hell of a transformation you got there ... this song gave me cancer . i'm coming for you op : here is my tinder profile description : intj . no infjs or isfjs please ... etc xd on a more serious note , ixfj types from the opposite sex ( or same sex if that's your thing , i . e someone you want to ... 1 - no . 2 - yes , doesn't really make a difference . 3 - numbers are better generally than word problems , but both are ok . 4 - theory , defo . 5 - loved both really , i might started liking geometry too ... my best friend is an infj , we get along perfectly . my most intense relationship is with an infj woman , i'm not sure if this has to do with my general women problem , i . e love my heart / hate my ... agreed . but my point to op was that this is integral to intjs , while i don't find the behaviour necessarily productive or even sometimes rational , the blame game or the oh you so inconsiderate ... are you having second thoughts because of the reasons you listed here run for the hills , deploy protection shields , so not to get hurt by using the intj method of pre-finding reasons this might ... time . no , if i thought you were lying i would've said that , you can't accuse me of being rudely blunt and yet so courteous at the same time . but i do think ( and i don't have much to judge on except a few ... '