' enfj imo , out of the ones you narrowed it down too . but it's hard to say . maybe entj . could be something else entirely . have you ever looked into the enneagram ? just from your attention to ... so who's ready for a 4-1- 7 description ? ? ? ;) i'm thinking istj , which is why her feelings come across as awkward . i think the show just uses stereotypes of a teenage girl which skews our perception of her . remember the episode where she's the ... i came here because i was thinking about this , and i would say louise is an entj . definitely an awesome show :) i think tina is an istj . she's just depicted as a teenage girl with a lot of ... definitely legit . i love this author's work and have this book myself .. helped me with typing and understanding the types more .. the type 4 focus explanation seems on point to me .. seeing as we ... it means ... you're awesome . edit : hahaha at the previous post ... definitely type 8 . if not 8w7 . i've grown to become the opposite . i can remember me saying that many times a few years ago . it's different now . i would rather it be over something i've done than over something i had no power over , ... just because you were attached doesn't mean it was love . just because you missed her doesn't mean it was love . just sayin . not using your thinking in a relationship is why a lot of people are in ... 4w3 1w2 7w6 . why would i be proud of something i took no part in ? how shallow .. ;) exactly how i feel . i'm only annoyed when people think i'm annoyed i'm wrong .. i welcome new knowledge and arguments . i hate that people just don't care to have their views challenged even if it ... blah you sound like you got a lot of sx 4 influence .. cuz i'm very much like that : x . blah indigo children is all a psi op .. i believe in esp too . but i also believe it's easy to herd people into a group so you know who's who . that's all about indigo children back on infj . ... i feel like i'm too young for my wisdom . lol surprisingly doing pretty good even though i had a really rough time earlier . yeah , i was feelin like that a couple months ago . and every now ... disagree . what is your instinctual stacking ? what is his ? same wings as his ? maybe one of you doesn't have their tri-type with wings perfect or just have diff instinctual stackings . maybe ... i disagree with the last tidbit ... other type are going to be more inclined to exhibit different patterns . maybe ppl with different types can experience bipolar disorder but they also classify bd ... i know the instinctual variants affect the individual cases hugely , but i'm j / w if anyone else has an idea . i assume primary 4s have a lot of problems with social anxiety . but i've read over ... well who needs scientific proof when we have subjective proof and a human level of consciousness ( even the animals follow the enneagram .. my dog is a 8w7 and my cat is a sp 9w1 ) . i just don't ... did you find your tri type through a test ... well , i have to disagree with you there . i think subwings aren't real . it's just a lack of understanding of their tritype as a dynamic system . and it goes along with mbti . but yes , mbti is easier to relate to off the bat . but the ... as a primary type , yes they may be different .. but they are still the same point on the enneagram and have the same lines connected to them .. and are ruled by the same desires / fears .. so they aren't ... have you done any reading besides what's put on this site ? and have you read a lot on 3s and 2s on this site as it is ? jw i recommend the wisdom of the enneagram . i wouldn't use test scores as ... almost like my father who is a 5w6 8w9 3w4 . probably a lot different in ways but very similar in others ! well with your w1 being your primary wing .. your reactions are going to be a lot more controlled than a 2w3 who is more prone to assert her aggression . 1s suppress their impulses .. 8s act with them ... i suggest making sure you actually have double w1s . i'm skeptical of doubling wings in our types ... i don't think we work that way . plus , that would mean you have less overall influence in your ... you don't have to .. but the chances of you typing yourself correctly will increase significantly if you do :P ! ! anyways .. it took me a month or 2 of intense reading to finally realize mine . i ... are you quick to be abrasive ? or are you more inclined to receive interruptions passively ? i doubt you are a 5w4 xwy 4w5 .. i dobut you have double the 5 and 4 both ways lol . my gut tells me it ... physically ? or their personality by all means , this could definitely be a one disintegrating to a 4 .. 7s aren't the only ones who would partake in that . 1s would become self indulgent . well i referenced another dictionary , so uhh the dictionary does give that .. lmao and since it shows great results ( self-actualization ) .. it's a pretty realistic mindset . plus you can't really ... not really semantics just cuz aggression : ready or willing to take issue or engage in direct action ; definitely not destructive anger / violating . if it's a goal , then we can work towards it ... yeah there's usually a couple levels you resonate between , i agree . we are dynamic systems . i don't see why aggression is assumed to be wrong or unhealthy . some situations call for it . as you ... the healthy levels has to do with your core type , not their connecting points . it's a defense thing . 2s won't show their 8 aggression because their healthy ? surely you don't believe that . just ... but it's not new age . and if there is a god , then he is the one who designed the enneagram .. so it can't go against church . people don't really understand the bible if they are looking to papal ... you just draw energy from the points you're connected to . it's up to you whether or not it's channeled into something positive or negative . as a 4 , when unhealthy i become self-absorbed . this ends ... enneagram = esoteric christianity . how could it be against the church ? well you don't go off test results when settling for your tri-type .. and if you want an overview , go read each type's description ( what you believe to be 2w1 5w6 1w9 ) any brief overview anyone ... okay so what does this have to do with the differences between a 4 and a 6 * scratches head * nothing , right [ well , hardly ] ? it's just you ranting about ... being upset that people attempt typing ? or ... wondering this myself .. it says banned ... ? ? was it for pics ? lol i have no clue :( i gotta run , but here's the link : it's the second subheading soo you'll find the part i'm talking about . this is a bit of a stretch .. i mean to say self-absorption isn't fourish .. well that's ridiculous . + school being hell for a 4 isn't that farfetched lol . as well as being highly introverted ! ! ... i'm suspicious .. i'm worried about people walking up behind me and stuff . like i hate pulling my wallet out in a gas station or anywhere ( because i don't have a bank and my wallet's fat .. and i hate ... after-reading-everything-edit : emmygog ^ this x 10 . that book is awesome . it's cuz riso is an intelligent 5w4 . lol in my opinion . we seem very much alike . i'd say you seem 4 enough to ... aw well there goes that ! ! haahh . i should have read better though . i wish there was a place to look at alll these enneagram books before buying one .. because a lot are too new for any credible ... fixed . idk if u can edit it now though , rest of it was just great and i completely agree with you . * applauds * especially with that last bit of mbti vs . enneagram . good way to put it .  ... ahh i'm so glad you posted this . at first i was prettyyy skeptical .. further on , though , i got chills through my body and a frequency resonated through my mind . felt good :) i wonder if i'm ... there is tooo . it describes a process of creation . 1s reform , 9s make peace with what is . that's a super simple version :P i can show you someone's more advanced run down , though .. if i can find ... okay you had me up until this line .. what did this mean ? i know you were saying tri-type = way more dimensions than a box ( agreed ) . and that people think they are 459 tritype and some of ... '