' yeah , i'm guessing she is the author of that crappy article and she is trying to get clicks ... :d ry : this . i know and i'm okay with that ! : happy : make a mental note to do so for future reference . that or you can get an app like shazam on your phone - but unfortunately by the time it is loaded and ready to go the song is usually off ! : sad : i'd like to see an adult series about all the girls whose daddys didn't find them ! : crazy : ever heard of google ? if there is a song stuck in your head , memorize a few lyrics that you know for sure are right , type them in google and wham ! you know the song title ! i thought everybody knew ... in my experience , not so much ! : crazy : for sure . : wink : i'm not pointing any fingers here , but there is an enfp girl who is always posting thread after thread in the sex & relationships section to get attention from random horny internet ... considering the amount of people here who are grossly mistyped , combined with the fact that many here change their type as often as they change their underwear , i would say yes , it is definitely ... most psychologists are liberal idiots . and for that matter , most of them know - but never follow - the ethical guidelines about not diagnosing celebrities you've never met . :d ry : actually , the ... last i checked will arnett is an entp ... the best description for ni i've ever seen ! ! ! : shocked :: cool :: laughing :: happy :: dry :: wink :: crazy : and then you see an entp like me who has always been surrounded by estps and the rules go right out the window ! : shocked : regardless of type , anybody that doesn't like harry potter should be immediately sent to the camps . :d ry : and you know which camps i'm talking about ! : crazy : how did you know that ? ! : shocked : are you stalking me ? ! ? ! : shocked : this thread is hilarious ! so so so many people here mistyped ! gotta love it ! i'm an intj with a degree in fluffy kitten studies ! i spend my days petting fluffy kittens and wouldn't change it for the ... agreed . part of growing up as an entp is learning to control your urges to troll people - and to realize that many people are ( overly ) sensitive . also , to that end , i'd like to point out that based on ... i thought this was going to be like ... me : you wanna have an argument ? : laughing : you : no ! : frustrating : me : yes you do ! : laughing : you : : rolleyes : all humans do . hell , just look at this forum lol . most of the time i can tell what most of the replies are gonna be like before i even finish reading the op . not because of psychic abilities ( or my ... this is clearly off topic . you were wrong about ann coulter , i showed you clear empirical evidence of that , now you wanna whine and post stupid snarky pictures . if you wanna keep sending snarky ... correct ! a super sexy caveman that doesn't want to rot his neanderthal brain with useless mind-numbing television ! : cool :: tongue :: shocked :: crazy : i don't know what you're referencing - saturday night live , i think ? but either way , they have consistently attacked her , lied about her , etc . because she won't be another useful idiot for them and ... for somebody that is batshit , ann coulter sure is right a lot . gotta love how the liberals bash her like crazy , despite her constantly proving them wrong time and time again ... ... yayayayayayayayayayay ! ! ! finally this country is headed in the right direction ! ! ! i can't speak of you since i know nothing about you , but i would bet that at least 50 % of the people on here are mistyped - more in some forums ... deist ! : cool : agree ! ! ! i'd also add the nfs here ! this place is like a college campus , filled with a ton of leftist groupthink and a few naughty people getting in trouble for not blindly following along ! : crazy : from what i've seen , the istjs usually think the isfjs are morons and the isfjs think that the istjs are mean ... irrelevant lol . the point was that philosophy doesn't have a tendency to put food on the table . bruce lee's future mother in law : what can you do with a degree in philosophy ? bruce lee : think deep thoughts about being unemployed ... so you want to have slaves again ? i would be down for ... yeah , wonder if that has any correlation with their wrecked economy ... that'd be my guess . i know a ton of estps irl ( as the kids say lol ) , and not only do none of them show any interest whatsoever in mbti stuff , but i can't even fathom a single one of them joining an ... you're right as rain about the whole interview process being nonsense . it is just a game of lies . they tell you lies like we care about our employees here ! and you tell them lies like i really ... this seems more like a rant than an actual topic , but what the heck , i'll take the bait . this is a silly value judgement , nothing more . if you made $ 100,000 , 000 / hr a 20 hour work week would be a ... as a general rule , stem degrees are good and non-stem degrees ( most degrees ) are worthless . there are a few exceptions both ways , like biology and anything environmental is pretty worthless , while ... this . college is largely a scam , and why the heck do you care about the degree but not so much the skills ? you need to think this through and prioritize better or you're just going to have massive ... many people want to be slaves . i like those people ... slaves . i want more of them . seeking more slaves . all interested parties may pm with questions . : cool : tell it that you care about stuff and are nice ... then kick its puppy ! ! ! : crazy : i can't speak for all entps , but i know i'm awesome ! : cool : and no , definitely not . she is with her dual , who is awesome but she is trying to fire ! : sad : thanks , kid ! those were delicious ! ... i'm guessing like most people here you probably don't sleep with people in general ! : tongue : and she is an enfp so you'd probably like her . she isn't as pretty as me , but hey , who the heck is ? ! ... you're a silly intj ! i like you ! you can come over to my house and fuck my sister ! ! ! : crazy : unless you founded the site or are in some other way making money from it , i wouldn't brag about any of that ! : crazy : the better question is in what aspects am i not ? : tongue : hi random girl . i am used to being stalked . stalk away ! : laughing : step 1 ) shut up . step 2 ) be nice . step 3 ) see step 1 . this is what works best for me most of the time lol . sorry to rain on your parade op , but time is just a concept - as such time travel will never be possible . unless deities exist and are willing to let you travel through time , but i'm not holding my ... '