since i hardly have any unique talents that actually amount to something in real life , i've found my purpose to be self-development . i suck at it . mastering lucid dreaming seems like a valuable ... tried n ' failed i don't know how you guys are gonna understand this tho i've got the racoon going for me . with the mask and stuff in my experience i find it difficult to talk to her when there are people around . always seem to be missunderstanding each other when we are with other folk . up until then we were falling for each ... holy shit my friend , i've lost myself so much in the past years because of love i started obssessing , overindulging , drugs , alcohol , fu * king cigarettes i've almost defeated anxiety , but man my ... you can't confirm stuff like that i don't have a habit of basing friendships on the internet either , but i decided i'd try some new things with my life xd i know you did , but i have to be practical here , that's a lot of ketchup ! but seriously , what's with that , i used to think i was an infj , but then i realized i had too little likes to pass the test : exterminate : p . s . oh wait , i double post i've literally just found an old hot dog machine in my basement . should the altar be like a big hot dog in itself or like a heinz ketchup advertisement ? i'm seriously considering doing this , but i'm ... don't worry ! i like to keep things short ! i can only see part of your internal appearence in this post though xd it's exactly what i do too ! i like to think my alter ego is an infj , but the fucker needs a lot of energy to properly and fully manifest . i also noticed like , every infj on here has more thanks ... one internet coin . also i will stalk you and like your posts , thereby improving your forum * cough * social status . i will not promise you internet intimacy , but i will print your avatar and stick it ... and i'm not wierd like that . just wanna see what you guys look like ! i have no idea lol . i take my mind and my drugs very seriously my body ? noohohooh , body is on torture ... stuff is wavy , woaah seriously though . where do serious go and when is seruios back ? how much do you take ... it may be , mainly that the imagining of psyche functions is purely abstract , which intuitives get curious about . but psychology has it's concrete side and i also see many other different types being ... hmm , kinda wish i was in the uk i hear you can get the recodings from the security guy yall got some interesting tunes : ) here's a couple of mine , tell me what you think ! blop jump ! i'm so sorry to hear : ( . i actually have a fear of not having a closer relationship to my own grandparents and missing the chance ... you have reminded me to value that , thank you : ) do you guys know how to dodge the tax system ? better yet , do you think about how it can be improved ? hey guys , you know anything that's good like an adhesive or something , at sticking christmas decorations on a ceiling ? i mean stuff that doesn't leave a mark or comes of too easily ? penicilin . hey ! test tend to satisfy the interest of personality types only to a point . after that it becomes insufficent in answering more deep and personal questions about them . the only way to go about it is ... 516794 * passes out before being able to capitalize on compliment * * reaching dopamine cap * show me what you got baby ! here , let me put some more ice cubes in there for you ! * calls plant police * hah ! i bet litters of wine over litters of water in a human body is a record ! * faints of extreme dizziness , comfortably possitioned under a wooden table * * quietly walks over and takes the bottle * * replaces with a half smoked spliff * * vigorously begins to resemble a drunken pigeon , while demanding explanation as to how a drunken parrot manages to puncture a bottle of wine * i heard that's hours in real time . heh i guess my astral double attending this party will get clicked , at the same time as in real life ! your dress seems to be aligning planets for me : ) * grabs a bottle of wine * * hides behind mysticism * yeah , also igloos are pretty good at keeping room temperature ! * tries to lean on the end of the wall , but hits the corner and loses balance * miles o is your dress made of acid ? can i lick it ? gritglossandrainbows teach me how to drink like you * tips drunk parrot for being the most magnificent lounge-bar valet ever * miles o you made my lungs burn sharp for a bit , i will now pretend i have an understanding of dressing aesthetics * manages to keep balance * clears throat a bit * * is what it would appear to look like , if i had not brought with myself a magnificently charming puffy to distract you from my moment of clearly ... hi , i have strayed in here . how are you ? helldough , mladies and strangers , my alcoholic dependencies shall now put you in dangers ! * stumbles over a potflower * do it ! impulse ! didn't do it . calming waters . not drinkable do it ! drink ! elexir of flux . sandstorm . oasis . fountain . draught . repeat . kind is kind of an achievement . a fruitifull result of making nice , a way of life . :D yup , the forces of a psychology forum have their stronger pull on intuitives for some part :D a name ? naaah , just a label if i eat a serious lunch beforehand when you have a sense of being here - i have 15 different types of romantic ideals