'   esfp i dreamed a lot of weird stuff but generally my dream always sent me back to school for some reason to meet someone i haven't met in a long while . previously i dreamed of flying in a machine ... maybe some headless dolls ? people like thank yous as much as the thumbs up icon so keep sending them . possible try this . 717794 no more spam ? nuuu for some people , life is a buffet . for others , their world is a set meal . lol . i currently desire pancakes . fi dom signature .  neither heartlessness and indecision for not following your guts will get you anywhere . hahahahahaha ! ! ! what makes you so certain that only infps and not isfps can be writers ? both are good with written words . just a genuine question . : happy : infp infp seems likely . isfp - if running the treadmill is not for you , you could either try the rowing machine or if there is a public pool available , try swimming . they are relatively low-impact exercises but would still give ... i was so sad i went for a long walk all the way to the gym . good thing though i didn't have to sign up for membership or anything . it was my first time there . i was surrounded by old dude and ... being an artist is not just about expressing yourself . it's about trying to understand and connecting life in the way that would make you learn more about yourself . before one is an artist , one is a ... i only think of them as sentimental . not really conventional . i'm hungry just looking at them .. you are a definite nf . other than that , i may need to get to know you a little more .. it's almost 3 a . m . here and i've read it as nt's domino club . most of my clothes function in such a way that at any moment , i can go for a jog , jump into a swimming pool and then proceed to bunjee jump off the building . the fabric has to be stretchy and ... your logic will be disabled soon .. : laughing : : laughing : yes . why do we need values ? why do we value one thing but not the other ? why is that person from the other post does not like it whereas you like ? unless they are just wearing skimpy nun costumes for halloween .. it takes more guts to be empathetic when you see people that annoys you everyday . being heartless is so easy . it's very easy to not care . esfp because .. fanvids  ...       may not be eurobeats but here's to driving a car on an empty freeway with the dashboard glowing like the future . ... istp my avatar is gone . edit : whohoo ! it's back ! i feel you , mate . concentration is something i'm struggling with either . sometimes when it becomes work , it would lost its ' enjoyment especially when faced with an employer who is keen on perfection .  if it wasn't for the money , i'd quit my job and spiral myself to my own preferable death , which is dying in my sleep . i don't think i have ever wished to live this far in life . right now i'm stressed ... despite the changes , i've realized there are two things that are constant with your choice : ni and se after years of not being respected for anything ; let alone being an excellent student , i was given a pin of generosity . it was the sort of award schools would give for best behaviour or something ... '