' right now i am into blue halite crystals mined in carlsbad , nm of what i have seen of the show so far this is my best guesstimation . amanita : enfp 7w8 sun bak : istj 1w9 riley blue : infp 9w1 wolfgang bogdanow : istp 9w8 capheus : enfp 6w7 kala dandekar : ... no worries . though i'm not familiar with ender's game , all those other characters i believe are fi doms , which is why i leapt to infp . 1 . brightflashes i'm going to take a leap and say infp ? 2 . the characters i relate to the most : x95 dr . cristina yang - grey's anatomy ... i finally saw this , actually a few years ago now . it is in my top 5 docs . the imagery is so crisp and beautiful . the story that is told solely through visuals and music just draws you in . ... hey younique . it has been a really long time . i know this post is a bit old but i did want to share . i feel that when you experience 2 or more different ethnic groups fully . i mean you are one ... i find that i enjoy the company of isfj's when in an environment that requires people to be well mannered . i find them to be wonderfully considerate and kind people , aware of what it means to ... i love the garfield , mulligan video . it is quite helpful and has carey mulligan . i still adore so much her role in an education ! okwhat , you are over the place . and every new post is golden ! i love ! that is so cute . when i was a teenager i had a mentor who did something similar for me . a very balanced entp . she was like the lorelei to my rory . she helped me to channel my intensity in a way that ... you are quite welcome , my dear ! i suppose i should have said the cognitive stacking says ti . the big debate for me was actually te over ti . fe seemed apparent , to me at least . i just didn't know ... kudos tals ! : kitteh : i love the depth and detail to which you expressed this . when deciphering where you fall within the dichotomies it is so easy to not be able to fully appreciate the many layers of each type . i ... hi younique ! black infj right here ! 1 . archaeologist 2 . anthropologist 3 . documentary film maker 4 . director of relief project in disaster torn region . 5 . epidemiologist 6 . explorer 7 . travel blogger i'm 549 , hello ! type 5 here 5w4 > 4w5 > 9w1 sp / so it was fun to take , but i was typed as isfp ... eeeck ! endomorph , 5 ' 1 and size 6 . that is me at my smallest . i would first like to say that only you can know what type you are . secondly i'll add i have struggled with this in the past first with isfj then with intj . i learned that infj's tend to mimic ... i only like to shop when i am inspired . when i am revamping my wardrobe , when i find my theme for christmas shopping . when the weather turns cold and i can make all of my warm weather fav foods ... i know i am a late comer , but here is my list . all of my shows are discontinued accept for the third one . 1 . pushing daisies ( abc ) 2 . avatar : the last airbender ( nickelodeon ) 3 . prisoners of war ... i am going to be moving sometime in the next 2 weeks . my plan was to move to an area of town where i feel like i have more of a community . i moved to this city just over a year ago for work and ... i am going to be moving sometime in the next 2 weeks . my plan was to move to an area of town where i feel like i have more of a community . i moved to this city just over a year ago for work and ... my favorite doc of all time is waltz with bashir . i love learning about other cultures , and this is a story about a 19 year old and his experiences in the lebanon war . he is experiencing ... i do a lot of things that people tell me are weird . let's start from the top ... 1 . i sing my actions when i am in the presence of other people . for instance when i am cooking with my nephews i ... right now ... 1 . nina simone 2 . miles davis 3 . frou frou 4 . the black keys 5 . lauryn hill 6 . esperanza spalding 7 . jimi hendrix 8 . meiko i have liked so many that have been mentioned . but two that i believe has not been listed yet are blue gold : world water wars and flow : for love of water . these two docs discuss the role that ... i know it is late , but my vote goes for ... pacifists – focused on peace and making living conditions better academists – focused on education and scientific advancement culturists – ... former conservative christian that is very open to join a community of liberal open-minded christians . natalie walker - colorblind i find the most peace when listening to slightly melancholy music . posted ! there are suprisingly 3 intj's in the nashville , area . maybe 2 , i may have added myself twice . hehe ! i listen to this at least once a week , it helps to bring me back to my calm , serene center . i would definitely have to agree with you . i enjoy shopping because it is a necessary step to creating . i wouldn't say that just purusing a store for items in itself could fulfill my folly . i enjoy ... i love highly efficient and focused shopping for purely creative purposes . i love shopping for journals , it is my go to form of artistic expression . creative writing is the only true artistic ... this seemslike an amazingly interesting and helpful tool ! i found this link that post all the themes . now discover your strengths - strengthfinder themes . i was just curious about all of them and ... many of my best ideas gain clarity in my sleep . though i find that without adequate rest i fall short on much more then my intuitive capabilities . : unsure : i try to take out some time to do the things that i enjoy , but make sure i do it in the company of those who i can share the experience with . the most important part is being in the prescence of ... harmony seeking idealist hits the bullseye for me . the one that would least fit is the mystic . i am not really all that magical . well good luck , and i hope you enjoy every step of your journey ! it will be so worth it ! honestly , developing one's personality can vary depending on the situation . i ensured everyones happiness . as if my life depended on it . my method was to be selfish . something that is not as easy as ... gray is beautiful , the color of overcast skies . but then again i love purple , a grayish hue of course . i on the very opposite spectrum love jewel tones , deep ruby , aubergine , rich sapphire , and a ... i would say that you seem to be very nf . it sounds as though you will be dueling it out over infj and infp . i am leaning more towards infj . this primarily because if i were asked to describe ... intj and intp are easily the most natural , though socially i adapt best as an enfj . most rarely , and most draining is when i am with my family , i revert to the behavior of an esfp . ideally a pig , or a peacock they are sooo cute . realistically a pug or an english bulldog . i just love those wrinkley faces ! i would have to second that . though i do personally find it annoying to be compared to a labradoodle , loyal is another quality that i tend to be complimented on . i realize that when i happen to offer ... something where i get to travel and live all over the world . making it just a tad bit healthier and hopefully happier ! i am shooting for medical anthropologist / epidemiologist . ideally working with ... '