' that curiosity of yours is quite a double-edged sword , isn ´ t it ? actually , the girl has a psychologist . she manages to hold herself when it comes to terrible relationships , but she compensates it ... hard to tell . enfps i know are pretty chill , really , but the things i have mentioned are true about most of them . i don ´ t say that they are all junkies or something , but some of them have a really ... yes , yes ... enfps are charming , enthusiastic and positively-minded through and through . spontanneous and always hungry for new adventures , infected with good mood and a neverending smile . yes , that ... just because nazis copied several socialist policies and rhetoric from the soviets , doesn ´ t mean they were socialists ( the actual meaning of socialism ) . socialism is a temporary state of a society ... i know how you feel . i had this problem aswell . the thing that worked for me was a plan i came up with : to merge my fantasy world with the real world . when i was a teen i used to be very closed ... for an infp ? no roommate at all . maybe a cat or a dog would be good enough for you , but as long as humans are involved ... meh . maybe another infp or an infj would do too ? we infjs don ´ t usually play games , but i guess there may be some who are willing to go through all that mess , although i know i wouldn ´ t . but how do you know he is an infj in the first place ? all . doesn ´ t matter what size they are . hello and welcome ! hello and welcome ! glad to see another amateur writer who takes advantage of mbti when it comes to character development ! there is nothing as human nature . it is an instrument of the weak who want to hide their own pitiful selfishness and try to rationalize it ... try to make it normal . the only thing that truly ... hello and welcome ! yes , they are . charming and self-destructive . hello and welcome ! it seems to me that he has either a narcissistic personality disorder or anti-social personality disorder ( or comorbid of these two ) . either way , i recommend you to avoid him like the devil . he ... i don ´ t smoke . i drink mostly vodka , borovička or home-made alcohol ( it is common to have this one in my country ) . but i drink only ... maybe once a month . i live the rough carpathian countryside ... besides my native slovak i understand czech perfectly ( since both are so close ) . the other languages i understand is polish and serbo-croatian . thanks to slovak language which is considered to be a ... hello and welcome ! what motivates me ? my ambitions , of course . hello and welcome ! i have a strong passion for writing , but unfortunately i have no other artistic talent . i would love to be able to draw or paint , but i lack the necessary talent . sadly . but since i know my ... what about john carpenter ? hello and welcome ! may i ask what kind of books / authors and movie genres do you like ? i can see a few similarities between you and me . i am as tall as you ( 190cm ) and just like you , i also look a bit intimidating . some people told me that i look like a classic eastern european villain ... oh , i do like to read and write aswell . actually , writing is my true passion . i have an infp friend who is an excellent painter . unfortunatelly , she has little time to practice her skills and that ´ s ... i am quite the same , although i am an infj . may i ask what are the ways you manifest your creativity ? do you paint , write , compose music or anything like that ? oh ... infps and fantasy ... what a perfect combination . :) you cannot expect a socialist to embrace liberalism . this is beyond ridiculous . to identify as a racial minority to get a job is terrible . but what is even more terrible is that there actually exists a system where there are enforced quotas that ... this friendship ain ´ t worth the trouble . move on . yep , some people are unable to hide their true ugliness even behind a nice facade they call their face / body . i am not a big sleeper . i tend to sleep 4-6 hours a day or even less ( depends on the situation ) . for me , there are just too many interesting things i want to do and sleep somehow hampers my effort . if ... hello and welcome ! i personally think infps are awesome . very creative and original ... very insirational ... although the indecissivness tends to hamper your creative side . may i ask what books ... from my experience i say infp . but as it was already mentioned : infps tend to have problems with finishing their projects . sadly , they get easily distracted . but if they manage to overcome this ... the communist manifesto . my evil-sounding laughter . hello , maybe you could find out something useful if you will read about the infj 5w4 ( enneagram ) iconoclast type . also , you might give it a try and read something about covert schizoids . hello and welcome ! funny n ´ painful accidents . the schadenfreude is just too strong with me ( although it is not malevolent ) . from my experience , enfps , infps and isfps . oh god , no ! god help us all ! that ´ s scaaawy ! who dares to summon me ? ! yes , we don ´ t make meat-filled kolače , and to be honest , that comes as a blasphemy to me . :D you just can ´ t mix meat and cakes . my grandma ( or babuška as we call her ) and my mom too make kolače ... hello and welcome ! type : infj enneagram : 5w4 age : 26 country : slovakia interests : history , philosophy , astronomy , literature ( and writing ) , music , iaidó and my 4 dogs . proffesion : bureaucrat political persuasion : ... the southern states of us look interesting , but for me it it would be impossible to live there . the heat would kill me . the kolaches you are reffering to aren ´ t a different type of pastries . koláč simply means cake and other slavic people use the same name ( also hungarians use it too ) . do you speak czech by any ... some people told me i don ´ t look very approachable because of my looks . i am 190cm tall and weigh 105 kilograms , ... so yeah , i can understand why do they see me that way . and my leather jacket ... '