persecution and the personality i was watching 30 rock and i wanted to see what their personalities are . google somehow led me to this link . it is a fantastic one . for those who are bored , with ... because they don't see that , i dislike like the word ' judgmental ' even more - i prefer not to add to that misconception . yea sure we might seen judgmental . i just personally dislike the word ' judgmental ' . it is a very subjective term and it doesn't say anything about what the person is really doing inside their ... not judgemental , i think entjs just like to summarize information . when you reduce the amount of information to a smaller set , of course you will be filtering out certain things etc . that might be ... i don't think it is an entj problem / characteristic at all . i doubt the influence of personality is significant to the point of having others dramatically misunderstanding you and even causing ... nope , never been sold so . this question might be stereotyping entjs a little bit . entj just means we are good at organizing things and we like to translate some kind of abstract things into the ... hahahahaha ! yes .. i have to . edit : too much information . we will see where life takes me . the ' 1 % ' is definitely my wettest dream . you are a lucky woman . i wish i could have someone like that for myself too . oh , i like them even more if they are taking a piece of paper work to read on the subway . the concentration / devotion towards work is drop dead sexy . so , an introverted workaholic ... hahaha , that is exactly like me and one of my intp male friend . i love telling him what to do , but he never does it because he know that will piss me off . that is exactly why he isn't doing them . ... jewelries : i like big bold stuff . anything that has a solid ( but shiny and bold ) color .. and simple . i don't like lots of small details . i like them big and bold . and classic . clothing : same ... never met an entp , infp in real life . i think i would love entps ! i didn't miss enfjs ... read my post again . :) dated an estj but didn't end well .. so i am not going to generalize it to other ... i have a friend who is enfj and i don't think we are close by any standard ; we are just polite with each other . i do like observing her and see how she behaves ( she is amazing ; she has a little ... i have a personal motto : ' don't get attached to anything that cannot last forever . ' in the way , i confess that i would like to have a warm and supportive romantic relationship , but i find it ... hahaha , i was going to say the same thing that after reading the first post . yea entp sounds like a fit . i live with one . i really appreciate her energy level , but something about her i dislike from the core . i couldn't figure out what is it , but i think i have a better clue now after reading all ... istj - give them all the work you don't want to do and make them do it . isfj - nannies / logistics-pro . esfj - cannot be any more different . istp - partner in crime . esfp - the party ... good points ! i really don't care about what is right or wrong , i only care about what works and what doesn't . i live in a world full of people , and to me , people are what make things happen . we are all entitled ... i honestly don't mind the ' loneliness ' that would have came with extreme success / power . that ' loneliness ' is only okay if it is because you are truly too successful / powerful to the point of ... okay , entjs are human as well . you know , with feelings and everything ? i don't express them well because i am scared to express them . it feels like the most dangerous and vulnerable thing you ... tl ;D r . i would say someone who is both entj and enfj would probably be the most powerful combo . entj understands what needs to be done and how to get it done , and enfj can get the people to do ... yea i can relate . i have learned to really control my ' urges ' . whenever i felt like rolling up my sleeves and get down to business when others aren't doing it right , i will tell myself to stop and ... i had an istj ex . i liked him very much because : 1 ) he is very dependable . 2 ) i can trust his every word . everything he says are straightforward and exact . i don't need to guess anything . ...