 ... i am disappointed . 51716 51717 i am drunk , and i like this .  ...  that made me crumb .  i have a dumb look on my face .  ... i would like to live in vancouver or montreal . i may not respect myself , but for the most part , people respect me . probably because i tend to avoid conflict and i get a long with others . i make it a goal to have everyone like me , and i do this by ... oh god yes . it created a rift in my first relationship . never be apologetic , it makes you seem submissive . i did so because i wanted to avoid conflict of all kind , the easiest way was to say sorry . not entirely sure if i've contributed this one before . it's one of my most recents , was doing a photoshoot with my ... right on , i can dig that . oktobeerfest on the left . i've since let my mind slow down . it sucks : c my life got so boring . i do enjoy some good psychedelic rock . nah , i don't look anything like you . but staring in your eyes , i see myself . edit : guess who  the idea of a dystopian / pseudo-apocalyptic ( mad-max ) like existence is more appealing to an infp because it resembles the inner workings of our minds . i think i would feel just as comfortable as i do ... oh god , it's like i'm staring at myself in this picture .  hipster town usa . there was a television show about it . pacific north west ( only 50 miles north of my hometown ) . also known as the rose city , has powell's bookstore and voodoo doughnuts . pretty ... jealousy is a common occurrence . the love of my life left me for a more ' impressive ' person . this has left me with insecurities and a desire to improve myself . i've taken up artisan bread baking so ... that description fits the bill . just pick something and go with it . i wanted to be a photojournalist . i instead became a nuclear medicine technologist ( am in school currently in the program ) . i see it as a high paying daily job ... to be honest . i'm posting under the influence of alcohol . your avatar is amazing . just wanted to tell you :) ) ) daria is great . 1 . relaxing music 2 . a hand full of friends ( that i keep very close ) that i can talk to 3 . alcohol 4 . delicious food 5 . tobacco this is the story of my life . only she's not dating anyone at the moment . she left me because there was another , more impressive , guy that came into her life that she couldn't date . that she wants ... old romance songs are sad . at least this one is nice . thanks ! that really put things into a new perspective . i expect too much from my best friend . i expect her to love me with as much love as i give her ... unfortunately i've come to realize that it likely won't happen . :/ yeah . if only . i think his personality type has a lot to do with why i like the band . their music often suits my mood and i've listened to them enough to the point that i can anticipate the ... i just think that it's not fair for you . my reasoning is entirely narcissistic . of course he is , how could he not be ? showing his personality . and a total infp'y documentary about the band : ... it's an infatuation . if i were in you , i'd put him in between a rock and a hard place . i'd tell him to choose between the two of you . if i were to guess , you're willing to enter into a polyamory because you care deeply for him and you wouldn't want to become separated from him . are you sure your partner is not just infatuated with ... take the time to rediscover yourself . maybe the answer you are looking for has been right under your nose the whole time . i wouldn't necessarily say it's something to get help over . she's still a functioning and healthy human being . it's these emotional swings that have me puzzled . it must be the nature of my ... does your friend deal with a lot ... in terms of stress ? my person has a lot of school work , work work , and family stuff ( shit ) she has to deal with . worst of all , she attempts to manage all of this ... because i act like i'm my own god damn unique snowflake and i like it that way . a dear friend of mine has ( i'm convinced ) borderline personality disorder . she told me she was diagnosed with some personality disorder a few months back but i didn't really care . i mean , why should ... daniel craig and rooney mara hands down .