' there's something special , why else do i keep coming back or he keeps coming back ? we never slept together but we date and we have done some non-platonic things , there is also a lot of chemistry between us , and attraction . def not friends haha so then what is this i have now , lust ? feelings ? a void ? glad you enjoy . i always am one for online discussions :) and i don't know if this is really love , i don't think so , but i don't know what love really is anyway , i think we are just two people who ... we dated on and off . but for religious reasons i can never marry him . nor do i think he would marry me or anyone else , he's not that kind of man . but i met him almost 3 years ago , we ar always on and ... the test was administered by a professional at a prestigious university . took weeks to complete . doesn't sound like bs to me . so what exactly is crystalized intelligence ? i took an intellectual assessment test and i scored in the 98th percentile for crystalized intelligence which means i am very bright in certain ways ... but ... i get very upset and also very happy-am very affected from my environment . example i am talking to this guy and it makes me absolutely giddy with joy and smiling . but just a few days ago , this other ... she told me i am too smart for my own good and also that she can't tell sometimes if i am just saying what she wants to hear or if i mean it . because i am very good at understanding my feelings ... i get this all the time . stop reading into things so much . stop thinking so much . stop analyzing so much . but i can't help it ! try sitting in my brain for a day . then you'll get it . anyone else ... unless i really like you from before , when i have things on my mind i find it very hard to socialize with new people . or maybe it's an introvert thing ? lately i am starting to feel worn out from ... of course the hard one :) what are you guys ? i get so fed up , i am so sensitive , i get so caught up on things , sometimes in social situations people tell me i seem quiet or upset , like there is a lot on my mind , because there is . i take things ... does anyone else have this issue ? when you have to devote a lot of time to something you hate that is a task you can't do it ? i am pushing through the end of law school and i went because my dad ... here's the thing i ways like older men who are ubloving . always older . does this happen to anyone else ? i grew up with a very harsh father feeling unloved , put down , unworthy . always . so much . he still does it . i always seek love from men who don't try to know me , don't ... my male friend is extremely intuitive . he told me that talking to me alone he can tell i am extremely deep and insightful and amazing . but he also can tell that i hide my feelings because i clam up ... i'm fearful of true intimacy . i'm so scared to open up my feelings to people , even my friends say that i hide my feelings behind a light shallow surface . i'm so scared that my partner will not love ... i'm a very passionate person sometimes i get frustrated with my type but at the end of the day other people appreciate my insight , think i am very smart , my world is colorful , i can always keep myself occupied , i am a great ... i take things very personally , it doesn't help that i grew up being blamed for everything . i have a lot of issues in these areas my friends who are extx tell me be more outwardly focused . focus on the world around you so much . get over things . it's up to you to change and get over your emotional baggage that's just not ... i definitely don't think he's a douche canoe or uncaring . i like to be texted every one to two hours . he works like crazy lately and is so anxious . but when i'm with him he is definitely considerate ... i am very sensitive and i need a lot of attention from my boyfriend and i am pretty needy . i really like him but i'm not feeling wanted enough . i feel like he's too passive and doesn't care enough ... yes i am super sensitive and stressed myself which doesn't help . boyfriend ( not for that long but more than a month ) is acting very withdrawn since yesterday afternoon . he has a lot of stress from ... i trusted and i was lied to , deceived , disappointed . it hurts . it's scary . now i have walls around my heart . even though i have a new boyfriend who so far deserves my trust , and is way more honest ... 30 but only one very long ones . i am usually a sucker and accept apologies readily . this girl who tends to annoy me a lot more and more as the years go on , was trying to interject into my relationship and tell me what i should ... i like someone who tries to understand me and what i am really thinking , even though i don't even know how to put half of it into tangible words sometimes , my mind is always running a million miles ... my boyfriend told me that he hopes he is not being too harsh on me but i have a very self-defeating attitude sometimes . he told me you are in school , you made it so far , at a young age , you can ... interesting ... i am definitely more introverted than he is . he thinks he is shy but i think he is quite outgoing . and he is loud socially , maybe shy with striking up a convo , etc . anyhow i really do ... very . i can feel other peoples ' emotions . i get very emotional but i am not always expressive about it , i tend to go silent instead unless i really feel comfortable . my new boyfriend has been ... my boyfriend and i are both hsps ( highly sensitive person ) we understand each other and i tend to be very sensitive but i sometimes think he is worse than me ! he got upset because i didn't text ... what are your thoughts and experiences on their compatibility . yes it is very hard and i struggle because i've had my own conflicts and have done things i am ashamed of that i would rather hide because they did not involve another person and i see it as a matter ... i grew up with parent who always criticized me and put me down and invalidated my feelings . this was very hurtful and to this day i have trouble expressing myself openly because i fear a lack of ... i attract a lot of men who seem to want emotional intimacy pretty fast . why is this ? does anyone else have this happen ? i met someone new . at first he was kind of stand-offish-i thought he was maybe not very friendly or just didn't like me very much . then he spoke to me for real and he was very nice . he admitted he is ... it seems like i either fall fast or not at all . and i attract men who are emotional and sensitive as well . i guess we get each other more ? they also seem to fall fast . i was talking to her about a new guy and analyzing everything like if we get together then x but maybe y ... etc .. she told me i always analyze things too much and i need to live in the here and now ... with my ex and in past relationships and friendships as well ... i sometimes held in my resentment and eventually i just got so upset that i cut off the relationships without much explanation . in ... sangoire - it made me feel bad because it made me feel guilty for leaving him and it made me miss having a boyfriend . but despite that i knew i still was not regretting my decision to break up . i am ... timegoesby : so true , i am very proud of myself for recognizing signs and walking away fast . even in our long chat i realized i have no desire to go back to him . i may have led him on a bit but he ... so my recent ex facebook chatted me last week . we had a talk and i told him it was over but i hope no hard feelings he said well it was sudden that you broke up with me . i guess it was pretty ... my friend told me i see the good in people too much ( she's an estj ) because she saw my ex as a selfish controlling jerk ( which sadly he was ) but i saw a wounded soul who needed some tlc-until his ... he did want a relationship very fast - within two weeks we had like 8 dates and he asked me to be exclusive and he had not even told me a lot about his past ( like divorced ) he was immediately sweet ... even though i thought my now ex was acting disrespectful and controlling i knew that he had a lot of emotional baggage which probably explained some of his behavior . i knew he was sad and knowing he ... so relieved , yet so shaken . for the past few weeks my boyfriend of several months has been showing sides of him i don't like . last week he started freaking me out and i realized he had become ... how do you feel in a relationship ? what type of partner are you ? i think being a sensitive idealist means that i have too many feelings for my partner to ever understand . if there is something ... i have these problems . combine being sensitive and bad history and you get a panicky girl . i was terrified my boyfriend was just out to play with my heart just to manipulate and use me . so i kept my ... '