' it would be interesting if you could elaborate on your comment rather than using juvenile abbreviations , assumptions and pejoratives . i have no interest in pick-up artist books because these ... i am going to be honest and give you some criticism , which i hope will help you because you seem like a nice guy . you did two primary mistakes : 1 . looking for girls online 2 . looking for a ... i am an entj 3w4 and i would assume we are the type that works absolutely hardest , with success as our primary motivator . take a look at many individuals in investment banking , they work 100 hours a ... bumping this ! i am pretty certain of being entj but it would be interesting with more analysis . bump yet another glorious reply where you've managed to highlight your incredible interpreting and deduction skills , well done my friend . i appreciate the other replies in this thread , thanks a lot . i am opening up about myself as a new member and i get called a troll and a psychopath . i am aware of the similarities and i have read that patrick is a 3w4 tj which would explain why . and honestly i ... interesting . i don't think i am an estj , and i honestly don't think i am an istj either although i can recognize with a few parts . i know a few estjs and istjs and all of them come across as sheep to ... that might not be the best example , but i have several visions that i have planned several years ahead of time and know exactly how everything will play out . that is not really daydreaming , i am ... hello , i have been searching for information about what specific type i am for a few months now , albeit with some delay due to exams . this post is quite long so i hope you can bear with me . it ... hello , i have been searching for information about what specific type i am for a few months now , albeit with some delay due to exams . this post is quite long so i hope you can bear with me . it ... hello , i have been searching for information about what specific type i am for a few months now , albeit with some delay due to exams . this post is quite long so i hope you can bear with me . it ... hello , i have been searching for information about what specific type i am for a few months now , albeit with some delay due to exams . this post is quite long so i hope you can bear with me . it ... i will refute your post tomorrow . d read my edited reply , i was on my phone and couldn't bother elaborating on it . the only moments i can remember of using fi are when i am in a bad mood , i . e when i have been exposed to stress ... this is a very good reply , baliast . i very much appreciated that analytic reply of yours . i am actually pretty certain of being infj after reading up on fe / fi , and reflecting on the differences . i do ... what makes you think i have inferior fe ? i am pretty certain that i have fi after researching the functions and trying to relate to them , but feel free to go ahead and prove me wrong . ni se te fi ... i am definately not a sociopath . i would say i have a few narcissistic traits , but pretty much everyone in todays western society does to some degree . i am just being honest with myself , and i don't ... nice trolling there moby dick what makes you think i am an infj ? i would appreciate if you could elaborate on that statement . yes indeed . i find that if i show the real me , people will find me very strange and avoid me - so i act accordingly . i only do the chameleon-personality if i find i have something to gain from the ... i got rloei strong egocentric , organizer and strongly inquisitive . what types are the most prone to being rloei ? indeed , i have been stressed out quite a lot this year because of exams and problems with relationships . i was recently reading a book regarding brain addiction , and after reading something that was ... that's interesting , i do appreciate your helpfulness . regarding the functions ; a close friend of mine , who has a great interest in mbti , sees some fi in me . why would you think i have ti ? i am very introspective , i am often in my own mind and pondering about things . i can get caught up in my own mind and forget about reality , and as such some people can find me a bit dreamy and not ... my bedroom is tidy . i do laundry every week , i clean it 3 times a week and i try to make it as structured as possible . of course , some days i am not in the mood but i will make up for it the upcoming ... greetings ! i hereby invite you to participate in assisting me in order to help me reach a conclusion on my mbti-type . i understand that since you istps have the most experience with the type at ... greetings ! i hereby invite you to participate in assisting me in order to help me reach a conclusion on my mbti-type . i understand that since you infjs have the most experience with the type at ... greetings ! i hereby invite you to participate in assisting me in order to help me reach a conclusion on my mbti-type . i will be direct here and just put out everything about me . i understand that ... greetings ! i hereby invite you to participate in assisting me in order to help me reach a conclusion on my mbti-type . i will be direct here and just put out everything about me . first of all , ... no one else have any say on this ? the way i see it , i am either istp , intp or infp . that's interesting . i would like to add that i often think about things in the past and compare it to how it is now , which i would assume is si . when someone is talking to me i sometimes start ... that's interesting . i don't really prefer animals over humans in terms of interaction , quite the contrary . i don't like having animals because it is an unnecessary obligation where you have to feed ... i don't know if this has anything to do with being intp or personality types in general , but i feel a lot of empathy for most animals . i can really empathize when an animal is hurt and i will feel ... i am introverted and i hate all kind of noises . be it dogs barking , children crying or ambient cars driving around . when i hear a dog barking i cringe because the sound is so annoying . i want to develop my judger-function in order to balance out perceiving , i get around 30-50 % p on most tests and i want to lower it . i have gotten far more structured , being able to initiate ... intj , being a j would be golden . no more procrastinating , i would be able to structure all my plans for the future and i also retain my intellect . int ( p ) , one letter away from achieving god status . ... i have a few guys who are esfp's , they are just way too social for their own good . you can see how their faces shine up when they have someone to talk to even if that person doesn't like them . i got ... i just got out of a depressed state i've been in for a while , for being isolated and full of stress because of exams . i'm in a much healthier state of mind now and decided to write this again . ... do you intp's like to touch things ? : unsure : i always have to touch something , when i am at a friends place i have a tendency to touch all his stuff because i'm so curious . it feels like i always ... are some of you guys impulsive sometimes ? i generally think before doing things , but sometimes i do things without thinking of the consequences of my actions . this is usually when i am in a bad mood ... thank you for your input , but you don't think i am an esfp ? i probably use se the most . i'm not sure if i am an istp , i got it a few times on the mbti test but i recognize a lot more with estp or esfp if sp is the case . a few things : - i hate crowds and the unpredictability . i like ... any certain reasons why you don't see intj ? i identify a lot with intj's and their description . hello . i am very eager to find out what personality type i am , i have been spending the last 2 weeks in ectasy of finding out i am . if you guys could help me settle this matter , that would be great ... i'm an esfp and i wish i was intj . i honestly admire every intj i know , because you have the potential to get so far and you don't need people around . esfp have the potential to get far in the social ... when you browse the internet and get distracted by things , opening new tabs all the time . by the end of the session you have 20-30 tabs open do almost all xsfp's appreciate the beauty of nature ? i personally don't care about how beautiful a mountain is or how blue the sky is , and i rarely take pictures of the nature even when i am on ... i get pursued a lot by horny girls but i am the kind of person who's always looking for new options so i act indifferent . i can't really be bothered by pursuing myself , i see myself as the prize and ... i may have narcissistic traits , but i definately do not suffer from any cluster b disorders . however , both my parents suffer from npd and hpd , which probably affected my personality . why do you ... '