' if you started making fun of me for not chugging the beer i would get really pissed off and just pour it down the sink when you weren't looking too . i totally agree with what he did . i've done the ... my name has been summoned by the personality cafe gods ! thank you anna . i believe i'm a sp / so . hey there is this really cool blog you all should check out , it lists instinctual stacks for ... thank you audrey ! everything you said was accurate ! you are so good at what you do . especially the last sentence , i think my soul journey is learning how to be more confident and believe in myself ... our ego is a curious thing . it wants to appear perfect in the eyes of others . if we make a mistake , others might laugh at us . they might think we are a loser . many of us believe that the worst thing ... dang guys y'all haven't written in here in two months and i know you got some good stuff going on in your life ! i recently hit 200 followers on facebook and i am so excited :) i hope you all ... you ladies on this forum are my favorite infjs ! also marv lick people . run around with no pants . scream ahhh potatoes . wrestle alligators . honestly didn't think that this topic would have that many replies lol you are grieving . go see a therapist . so many of us are preoccupied with the belief that happiness belongs with the next job , the next place , the next partner . until you give up the idea that happiness is somewhere else , it will never be ... i've * always * enjoyed listening to other people talk about themselves rather than talk about myself . there's this thing that people say we tend to enjoy talking about ourselves ? no . i really don't ... man i really out of the loop with everything related to pop culture nowadays . normally i would google michelle phan to see who you guys are talking about ... but ... my level of caring is very low ... i disagree that imagination is not a means of making money . of course it is . how does any artist do what they do ? their careers are all about using their imagination . it is a skill just like any ... as somebody who has social anxiety ... i have no idea . but i will be your friend :) also ... ( ( hugs ) ) here is mine ! is inforjoking around ? i haven't seen her in awhile ... but she is amazing at handwriting analysis ! she could work for ... remember to put on clothes before leaving the house . i love crowds . my favorite place to visit is new york city . i hate having emails in my inbox . i read them , then reply or delete them as soon as they pop up . i can't stand the digital clutter ! i have 10 emails in my inbox right now and it is just too much ... i don't read classical books and i said to myself who is lizzie bennett ? nope , never read pride and prejudice . not even in high school . i came in here to be attacked by the book lovers . okay i thought we all knew about megan's love of italy to know enough to guess italian cities ! ! ! my first guess is venezia . happy 19th birthday megan ! cherish your teenage years while ya can ... i'm glad you made this thread , i have been thinking about you <3 you do feel things ! you felt all of that and put it down into words ! you are very aware of how you are doing . it's hard , going ... ( ( ( hugs ) ) ) hiii marv i haven't seen you post in awhile :D fabi i figure with all of the threads you post in here , you would understand how our intuition works by now . anna he only ever posts in here . i'm completely the opposite . i can't stand routine . i can't stand somebody telling me what to do or how to organize my life . i have been called insubordinate by a manager more than once - - they ... i am like your sister . i am pretty happy and positive all the time ( 279 archetype ) . i can hardly ever think of a bad thing to say about anybody . i genuinely see the good things in people . yes there ... ummm hell no i don't feel that way . i am awesome . people better recognize or get out of my way . - - leo sun sign vibes oooh good for you ! i didn't know you had a tumblr ! you should promote it here so we can follow it ! as somebody who has their own social media page ... social media has made it so easy for us to ... pilgrim _12 fartface thank you for coming and posting on my thread ! i wish more sps would come to the infj board . invite all of your artisan friends . :D do you smoke ? ewww no . what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? ewww no . never nope nothing ever at all ! ! ! what about exercise ? and eating healthy ? i'm vegetarian :) does anybody know anything about birth charts and want to read mine ? :)  what is something that you have always dreamed about doing but have procrastinated for whatever reason ? ( not enough money , time , kids , school , etc . ) i'm sending best wishes for chloe's surgery :) i'm 28 and i hang out with basically nobody my own age . okay in college all of my friends were my own age and they were super interesting . but outside of college i have had trouble finding people my ... okay guys sorry i haven't been replying much recently , i have been coming on every day but honestly the topics here are boring :P so i am going to make some of my own . do you think everything in ... me , at a non-profit fundraiser :) that's a difficult thing to go through rebecca :( i agree with this a million times ! :D i've only had relationships with thinking types and i think it is great . thinking / feeling is the only preference for which there is a clear gender difference - - more women are feelers , more men are ... he does not like you . have you ever met somebody who is nice but is dumb as a box of rocks ? ughhh those people . face palm . being nice in general is just not valued by society . let us consider for a moment the ... i feel like there is a deeper story here that you have going on in your personal life ... here is my basic answer to every love question ever : it is always obvious when a person likes you . they ... i personally really enjoy hanging out with estps i have never gotten along with esfps though so has nothing to do with se yep i've had a couple different reiki sessions . everybody's experience is different . me personally i just felt some tingling in my feet and that was it . but the woman doing it on me was able to ... i'm a ravenclaw so intellect :) i learned a new word today . i am so proud of you for doing that ! ! ! did you actually file the report ? ? ? those are the types of situations where i wish i wasn't such a pacifist and so passive and wish i had a little bit ... after my parents died , my next of kin was my aunt . she is entj . i went to college and she made my life a living hell . we are complete and total opposite personalities and we could not get along ... hmm , i ’ m going to say , maybe yes , maybe no . i mean , if we ’ re daydreaming and you throw something at us , we ’ re going to notice . we ’ re not that spacy ! :) however , i will say i ’ ve been kind of ... '