' it's been so long that i forget how to navigate this place . anyway , i'm sure i'll be back someday soon , but i didn't know where else to share something like this : ... you know you need coffee when you forget to put the grounds in the coffee maker and you brew a fresh pot of hot water . i haven't been here a lot over the last three weeks . i guess it's a culmination of both stress and being busy , and a frustration with some things here . the stress was due to house buying concerns , ... right there with you . my evil step sister got a fortunate call to get them past the wildcard round , and then i tuned in just in time to see them score four runs and win last night . all of my ... i have found that i have a difficult time coming here and posting in busy weeks ever since i returned from my hiatus . it's just difficult to find the time to keep up here when things are swirling ... i hate dusty baker . let's add this , too . emily haines is on it . lyssah , this is one of the jason collett songs i love . though it's a stars song , i think he does it better . aww ! look at you promoting me . it's been nearly a week since i logged in with all the house stuff and the broken computer , but i love coming here to find nice surprises . lyssah was introduced to the world of twin peaks last night . coffee and pie , here we come ! this just made my day ! new ben folds five ! buying a house is an extremely stressful process . the oversights and errors of other people have the potential to be costly in time and money . ineptitude is something i generally have no patience ... haha ! fair enough . :) parkbus - bus from toronto to algonquin , killarney and bruce peninsula i've camped at algonquin , and i know people who camped at killarney . it's not even that long of a bus ride out there , and i ... why the rush to understand ? you are probably having trouble because you are young and still learning so much about yourself , so you might think you are something completely different from day to day ... i heard this last week and couldn't resist singing along . it was the first time i tried to sing since my vocal rest last month . the other day , this ... watch out ! you never know when some cheap tea might find its way into your car ... it's incredibly annoying when a media story claims to talk about smartphone apps , and they only talk about apps that are exclusive to the iphone . androids outsell iphones , and they are smartphones , ... sily , refugee , lyssah - a cheap one is really awful , but a good one tastes like orange and black tea , as it is supposed to . also , the stronger you make it , the more it will taste like flowers because ... i have a friend who works at a university in the alumni begging department . i wonder if he uses this tactic . i may have to ask now . i bet wolves tell some real howlers ! ;) there's been a lot in the news about the anti-islam film that was produced in america . first , it's foolish to riot and protest as if an entire nation of people produced that film , or even that they ... gatsby 117 - it took me time to start to accept myself , and eventually be proud of who i am . i really didn't change much physically , i just grew as a person . confidence is key . how to get confidence ? ... when you are in that kind of pain , repetition of the same thoughts is pretty normal . i think you're doing well to express your thoughts in writing . agreed . i have tried several things . unsuccessful attempts were made with ignoring it or moving on quickly . ultimately , my best tool for dealing with absolutely crushing heartache was to simply experience ... patience is not easy , but ten years adds a lot to a person if you want it to . any day being over 30 is much better than almost any day in my 20s . there's far less insecurity , far more diplomacy , much ... i didn't say it was a problem , i just said i didn't enjoy it . what's wrong with that ? as usual , popping outside my subscribed threads yields little of interest to me . also , i don't like the infp porn thread . it's mostly filled with purely visually stimulating photos that have ... i often think that the more you dissect it , the more confused you will get . the easiest way to figure it out , in my opinion , is to read a good book on it ( please understand me ii ) and find the best ... yum ! lyssah and i cook a lot , but this was extra tasty . we watch a lot of pbs cooking shows , and we got this idea from lidia's italy . we swapped the veal for ground turkey , but it was pretty much ... very good point , and that's not something i have lost . it's just tough to shake some feelings when they are thrown in your face . my reaction is often to hurt , then become defiant . iq and personality are two very different animals . i know some people value one over the other , and they all have their own reasons . personally , i value the logic and desire for knowledge i get from ... bill nye warns : creation views threaten us science | cincinnati.com | cincinnati.com this is depressing . 46 % of americans believe that the earth is no more than 10,000 years old ? forget political ... if you think you can run from your troubles or your past , you can't . over 1,000 miles away and i still feel like the family failure who can't be trusted to run his own life without screwing up . i ... i feel like an old lady ; i have lettuce all over me . - lyssah for some reason this was in my head this morning . i never knew what i wanted to be when i grew up . i didn't bother to settle on one idea , and nobody helped guide me , so i have spent my life gathering information on all fronts . it's made me well ... we survived a very stressful week ! while that's not happy in itself , it is definitely happy being in a stress-free weekend in relation to the way the week went . sometimes i am upset , almost hurt , when people suddenly retire here . other times i don't remember a connection to them and i figure they simply lost interest . there are those rare moments , however , ... is it saturday yet ? oh , it is . i broke up a fight between two of our cats , and i paid the price . one of them bit down on my hand . the top tooth dug deep into the top of my hand , the bottom one went between my fingers so deep that ... i was bored , so i searched myself in google play . i don't know when my music appeared there , but it's there , even if they priced it well above amazon and itunes . the nice thing is the artists they ... according to the report , the people who are living correctly are those who don ’ t want to step outside their comfort zones and relate to others . report : it's not okay to just start talking to ... i'm trying to flex my mental muscles in areas that are mostly unknown to me in order to close the deal on our house . it's exhausting and stressful trying to be the best insurance agent , a real estate ... this man has a bear with him . i can't imagine an infp not having a crush at that age , but maybe that's me . it can be difficult , but if you can channel the energy created by the crush into the work you are doing , you can go far . i ... i might have to get used to being up on the roof . i might be the one replacing mine soon ... i'm annoyed that my sister dragged her feet in reviewing our family plan ( which is in her husband's name ) to make sure i could upgrade my phone . i lost the deal i had that would allow me to get a new ... i am really enjoying the nfl replacement ref debacle . refugee - it would cost a lot to move to another country just to farm . come to colorado instead . also , you could be a therapist here and ... '