' i actually just don't like being infp - make me an s type , now ! i want to fit in ! not going to elaborate :') i'm actually really surprised i ended up with an esfp as a boyfriend , and i wonder if you guys have experience with esfp's in a dating sense too ! searched google about the subject but didn't find ... you sound like an honest person , i think she will pick up on that so that's not something to worry about ( quite important though ) . what i'd like you to do is be playful / lighthearted - fun's so ... private . not something to discuss on forums hahah :-) do you look your age ? i certainly know i don't , i look like a 17 - year old and i'm 21 . is this common for infp's , or is it just me ? i guess we might act younger than we are , so maybe that's why we'd ... guys , he told me he's sorry . i explained everything i felt about the situation and told him that if i'm not what he's looking for , i don't want him around . he said he's sorry , he didn't mean to make ... how confusing guys can be . you never exactly know their intentions . we've been together for four months , he's my first boyfriend and he's generally a sweet guy . i really don't like the fact that he tries to change me , though .. and that he checks out and talks about ... leo , it's about the most inaccurate description of me around . - i like your reply , it's nice to know there are people out there who think the same :) i stopped changing my moods when i thought that all people were seeing was a ' light ' version of me , not the real ... lol i seem to have forgotten too - _ - used to have tons of friends , but i was always easily excitable and energetic around them . now i realise that i don't want to change my moods around people ... looks like a check , a sign of recognition from heaven ? lol . that's what it made me think of . i love the web , it has so many possibilities . guess i'll follow an online french course now , ta-ta ! i have an esfj boyfriend , he's great but i can't help but imagine what could go wrong between us . it seems to work out too well until now , as if there's still something i should get to know about him ... thanks zdd .. i was wondering whether your type needs a lot of space , do you get uncomfortable if someone talks to you a lot ? would hate to irritate the guy with small talk about his day if he's not ... i'm dating an esfj , i'm absolutely sure about his type . the thing is , we've been on two dates and he already asked me to be his girlfriend ! i'm a bit wishy-washy about relationships and would hate to ... i meant that i tend to think illogically , which might be perceived as vagueness by other people . for me , something is ' logical ' at the moment , while others think it's not . the consequence is that ... i wasn't . were you ? oh mighty istp's help me solve this mystery : why are you so confident when you actually really suck with personal interaction ? i envy this confidence and look down on it at the same time . dear istp's - everywhere i'll never date you again , i'm way too sensitive . already saw this coming and i guess i learnt my lesson now . istp's on this forum : sorry for intruding . - isfp . this is exactly what i experience with an esfj friend of mine .. she's great company , fun to talk to , friendly , compassionate and can keep secrets fairly well , but she expects a lot of openness and ... i had a really fun estj friend , but somehow she didn't get me and i felt like she walked over me too much . so i cut that off . the friend i've had the longest is an isfp i know since primary school ... i genuinely don't know what to think of istp's . they seem so easygoing but are actually very judgemental .. and i never have a lot to say to them - even being spontaneous around them doesn't work , ... green hair ftw :) that's exactly what i thought too at first . she's too bouncy and all over the place to be an introvert .. that's what i think . she's supposed to be an isfp .. i don't know . i act like her complete opposite ; i probably am her complete opposite . ahhh . so if it's true , then maybe i ... i used to think i was intp / intj . hurray for being an isfp :) welcome . exactly . i always go for guys who are completely uninterested , but i think it's a bit of a competition for me .. like ' can i get this guy to like me ? ' without being desperate or needy lol i feel attracted to istp's a lot . they're just so laid back , fun and not too loud ( like the fun but dramatic esxp's are ) . it doesn't work out very well though . have yet to find good match . i know of a lot of isfp's ( including myself ) that somehow can't manuevre themselves out of confrontational situations . it's like they're so stuck by their passive , negative reaction to setbacks that ... they're loads of fun , but i get drained by them after a while . one esfp i knew would literally ask me why i wasn't giving her any attention .. i was like ummm wow . lol they're also not really very ... why don't you head to the library for some more books about nostradamus and astrology ? oh , and don't forget to do a tarot reading for today .. i can sense there are great opportunities ahead of you ! me : ' hiii , what's up ? ' classmates : : mellow : me : meh , whatever . gotta love school , right ? i found this somewhere on the internet , it's based on people's observations : isfp - hip , cool , stylish , reserved , scenesters , easygoing flower child , leisurely . and then there's this one : ... i like isfj's and istp's .. can't really choose which type i like more . isfj's always have your back if they trust you - i know this sounds really cheesy but it's true . they let you in their circle ... i'm trying to type someone i never got very close to , i think he's an istp . does this seem somewhat common among you guys ? - he mocks people but he's not really obvious about it . he'll mock you ... i was mildly entertained by weird al's interviews a while back .. nothing that really blew my mind though guitarguy , cheese is scrumptious , how kind of you to ask . i think we're focused on different things , which makes it hard to understand each other . it's not like either of our types are good or bad , we're just different and in my opinion a bit incompatible ... welcome :D they're lots of fun until they get irritated about small things . and i don't particularly like the tendency to be so involved in other peoples lives , that they talk about them behind their back ... :') i'm just trying to say that isfp's might pay less attention to things that aren't happening in their own environment than infp's might do . i don't really like the few enfp's i know :') they seem to have interests that are very different from mine . then again , that might just be more personal than to do with types . don't have a lot in ... well yes , they both get worked up .. but i think they get worked up about different things . i for example don't really bother even thinking about things that happen in other countries , because i think ... do you get worked up about things you hear on the news , if someone would ask your opinion on the news item ? like that factory that collapsed in bangladesh ? or are you more like : ' i can't change it ... ahh at last , someone like me :P :D i think it's the weak ni-thing we have going on well , i'm guessing you're an overall ' nice ' person ( at least , i find both infp and isfp to be quite agreeable and nice ) .. how do you act when you do things that are ' out of character ' ? i mean .. when ... people don't tell me that it's hard to understand me , but i notice they are often confused about why i would do or think something . my driving instructor once told me to tell me what i was thinking ... '