' well . alright . i need to say - i saw so many things , all at once . both good and bad but mostly just scary . it's scary because i don't understand it all yet , but i'm on the way . i'm on the way but i'm ... omg . omg . no , 100 % positive i'm intj now . 100 % positive because . ... because i saw a video . this video . god bless . ( .. i'll confess to not having ... ... ah . well . hi . i believe i'm dealing with things that bring too much distress here , so i'd rather not keep doing it , at least on my own . i have this insatiable curiosity but it can get sort of ... right now , i believe that i do have a strong ni and fi , which tests seem to ... be more or less in agreement with , and one acts on the other ( it's like having a bunch of surveillance cameras on ... bell - i didn't expect to see you here . seriously , thanks so much for all the help . :) hmm , i don't know . yeah , it's a stress response , i guess . but i can't figure out what triggers it . i ... hmm ... you know , i did the same with the isfp forums and , while i don't relate 100 % to that either , i can see how that is more natural to me , and fi is probably why infp forums felt more natural to ... hmm , yes , i understand what you mean . basically , an intj really trusts their te , more so than fi . do you think it isn't possible for an unhealthy intj reach the point of toning down their te in ... - haha . thank you ! yes , very much so , and the fact that i'm finally getting it now , and love being able to name the impressions that i felt , probably says a lot as well . definitely relate . ... kidding . hi . how are you doing ? i think i'm an intj . no , not like rainbow . she is much more amazing than me . in that i have no idea what the fuck you're doing but rock on way . anyway , i've ... ( sorry it took me so long to thank you ; i just came back to this topic and uh yeah :P ) just doing some status actualization or something . i truly believe i'm an intj right now . unless i'm very , ... thanks ! oh , but i do know that now , that's what i mean - literally ridden . my anxiety disorders and phobias began when i was 5 ~ 6 , so the line between what is ' me ' and what is ' bad development ' is ... awww ! well , sorry to deceive you , mr . in that case i don't think i'm an infp at all . :( about that , i keep hearing different things , so i wasn't sure . ( ... i may have forgotten because i didn't care ... i agree with the first part . although i wouldn't say i don't care about impressing others . but i've grown to realize that it's impossible ( or too hard ; or really , just not worth it ) to impress ... haha , yes , very much so . by the time i got out of high school i was really dragging it ... my mom said basically the same thing as yours , so being a clerk wasn't really an option . though i really ... weird , isn't it ? :P yeah , i've been feeling a bit soulless . although you could say i'm not an infp , either ' never been ' - if you assume that mbti is stable , and i would agree with that - or ' am not ... i think your avatar sums it all up pretty well . and in a cute and colorful way as well . this is a cute post . i'd say this could mean : a ) that she is really into you , and is trying to drive you away to protect herself / doesn't know how to act while not being too out there , etc . ( she ... eh , i've been identifying myself as agnostic ever since i was 12 . can't really commit to anything , i guess , haha . as for my family , my mom was baptized protestant and my dad was baptized catholic ... i like the persona appreciation going on in this thread ! :) i used to be pretty big into videogames , particularly simulation games , music games and jrpgs . lately ... i'm in the ... i agree . i think that , judging by our society's current state - which is , uh , pretty narcissistic - i think polyamory would be for the best . by which i mean , i think it should be the norm instead of ... thanks . :) i agree to a certain extent . it doesn't hurt anymore , but it's still an exposed scar , and you can't do much about it . ... unless you cover it . but you still can't do much about it . and ... everything . everything about him ( my dad ) annoys me at this point . every little thing . the sound of his cellphone ringing when one of his girlfriends send a message . ( chauvinist pig . ) his way of ... ... um , hi . i'm sort of bringing this topic back from the dead because i finally feel like the puzzle pieces fit and i've shot down the other possibilities , so now i can calm down . ... honestly , it all ... lune - pssst ... it's this topic ! :P at first i'd be really annoyed at this person's absurd laziness and inconsistence but then i'd realize they are me hahaha being equally lazy and horny , we'd probably make sweet tender love into the ... oh , it's not in the first page anymore ... there was a topic talking about the phenomenon of synchronicity that jung talks about . ( wow , that's a lot of talking . ) meaningful coincidences and such . :) 1 . meeting new people / strangers not likely . i'm usually very ... very polite . too polite , in fact . 2 . hanging out with good friends depends ... a lot ... my ego is too unstable ... ... ... i feel ... 22 here . that's a ... pass . not really surprising but makes me all the more assured that i don't reeeally have a natural feeling disposition ... o_o ; hmm ... the thing about things that reflect me is that more often than not they're very different from what i portray . so yeah , i love them . but nobody would say we're the same because we're only the ... lately i've been reading 1q84 and i have to say haruki murakami nailed my soul ugh yep sounds like me doesn't help my near ocd , i'll be like i'll need this ... i'll need this ... i'll need everything ' and in the end i look at it and am like ' dude , no way i'll sort out these ... i ... um ... did this today . should we post on the synchronicity topic or what ( although i'm not yet sure i'd call it pretending ... D: but oh well . ) lol yep , same basically same consequences here . except not really bollywood movies but aaall of the silliness and cheesiness ! i'm not sure what i'm searching for , because it's something that i ... this is funnn . :D .. mine looks like thunder-meets-xbox of smth ( .. can you tell i was trying to draw a heart with pink but couldn't really figure out how it worked and was just like ... ... hmm .. come to think of it , my online friends are mostly infps as well ... there's also a couple intjs . my rl group of friends , i don't know . they took the mbti but i really can't remember ... if ... yes , exactly this . static imprisonment ... it is the scariest thing . although for me it was different ... i wrote that thinking of my experience in high school ; i became depressed ( as well ) and ... you know what sucks the most about being defective ( or too well-educated and self-contained for your own good ) ? it's like people who would like the real you never get to meet it and the only ... lol ... oh yeah i deal with that a lot too . i'd say 90 % of my professors are the eccentric type and care a lot about wording and hidden-unspoken-meaning . i have to focus and end up feeling really ... exactly , that's what i was thinking . :) well , everything about her just doesn't make sense ... she was selling flowers when everything was crashing down ; and then she playfully asked the guy she had ... it's an inside joke among classmates because she is single and works with animal testing or something like that . :P ( regardless , i'm sympathetic towards the stereotype of the crazy cat lady , so i ... aww i like this topic because i can relate on many levels . :P although i don't think any of my professors are really insane , ( ... maybe just a couple ) but they're all freaks on some level , lol . i ... ugh , lately i can't seem to shake off the feeling of well , i don't like who i turned out to be . it hit me the hardest when i was on a boring shopping mall , with a ' friend ' i never really clicked ... oh ! i'm not good at typeing , but i have to agree that ... while they kinda forced the saviour / deity role on her on the compilation , she was much more like carefree weirdo on the original game ... the beautiful tragic truth . same here actually . :( i hate phones , and skype is fun but it's very awkward and i hate how my voice reveals how i feel when i'm not allowed to feel something and then i have to stop talking and ... a haiku about these forums : dear percafe my essays were up to date why do you exist can i try to help ? i'm not sure i can be much help , because i'm still in university . :P but i think i made the best possible decision with what i had , so maybe i can be of help ! .. at least to ease ... i heard this a lot before , no , you're not crazy . :P and i kind of agree , but i also think that the fact that other theories have been constructed on the basis of jung's doesn't invalidate his ... haha , i answered first and then went to read the replies , and i thought mine would be totally freaky but guess what , i found all of them on the first page . :P so i'd answer something different ... '