as eternal consciousness in this time reality i-consciousness controls the mind which controls the body and removes the spirit . a journey to anchor the spirit , removed from mind and body clutter ... ah as the ancient tree walks through the halls of alternative expression there i stood atop a mountain . and within the contents the world opened a door towards that which is different and that which ... why you young people and your graffi ... erh old people , dastardly ! this as well , the meshing with my frame of mind , being generational the energy changes . also reminds me of what i missed out , i had a strange life journey . and while i feel like an old soul i don't ... only 35 % awww , well that explains it right there . nah its the energy , feels different , its good however relating somehow feels like i should be doing something different . i'm into anime and therefore ... probably has a lot to do with me working at a supermarket too and realise i am meant to be the responsible one , like a manager and can't seem to live up to it . the other day i was astonished i was ... hahah yeah i know , i'm an old soul , by dragon years that would be way older . don't let calvin and hobbs know . : crazy : i was slightly exaggerating with a hint of quirky humour , think of the ... love me . : happy : yes ... yes it is ! roll that pillow , pat that cat , subvocalize adverbs , replace the light bulb . create haze , make with the distraction . read that fanzine , chop that onion , squeeze that lemonade juice ... antagonize the shit out of crumbs . watch tadpoles grow into frogs as you water the dehydrated plants leaf , put some soil into it damn it . heat goes the humidity as the ice cubes mush into puddles of ... cognitive functions are like tea biscuits and honey . slap on a biscuit , roll some honey dip it in tea . sit for the crumbs , make yourself another cuppa , roll around in hay , read a few good books , ... i has brainfog it really helps ... child like wonder somewhere in the cranium , percolating , bidding its time to stroll down memory lane and pop a candle . flop a sandal and hop a mulberry . those ingenious pixie elves and leprechauns , ... yeah anciently youngish . hahaha , low brow humour . none of this ur biz that's old skool talk . young people dramas , you know , like old people dramas , candy . :D lamingtons , wants some . * munches some in a corner * oh_kay ... us old farts and our walking sticks heh , got no room for young people drama ! * p . s . 33 * trying to stir up some drama , it would of worked if i didn't say my age . speaking of which i feel like an ... the issue is that the prime multitude all universal reality is a marginalized fraction that is misinterpreted into religious and spiritual contexts that removes self actualization , in favour of myth , ... by becoming in alignment with our self belief and dreams , by doing what satisfies us more than doing what is unsatisfying to us . its from a lacking mentality rather which means your looking at what you lack rather than what you have and are . the issues with such a state is when you think you don't have what you want and focus ... having my energy back to a positive frame of reference , open instead of closed , and then my experiences are in a positive state of expression . tough crowd . * people willing to analyze your works for free * hahahah i won't let this thread go down without a fight . : tongue : but yeah i am looking forward to hearing more from others too . ... thanks . instead of focusing on what i lacked , a poverty mentality , i am focusing on what i have and want , an abundance mentality . a difference in attitude and therefore i am able to inspire and ... i would have described myself as an intuitively closed person once and now i describe myself as an intuitively open person who has gone through a paradigm shift . and i am now positively attuned and ... i'm a visual learner apparently . this is tough for me to decide for several reasons since i used to learn easily writing / reading and while i placed that as the next option i am much more ... what happened in the 20 years that saw you stop writing ? how do you maintain your imagination ? my creative flow has gone from stress in my life and wants it back now because i used to be how you ... yeah i have that issue too , when i was struggling with detail i'd let my imagination help and was low on situational detail . would writing be better with more experiences from life to draw from ? ... okay i'll try . are you saying that writing intensely is better for short term as is creativity artistic , do you have to be in the mood , inspired , to be creative ? like an artist painting would ... you sound a little like when i used to be in my negative energy state , my endocrine system was messing with me and i was writing in the darkest kind of way imaginable . when i started taking iodine ... i was going to talk about communication on social sites and how passive i am , decided it was a form of low self esteem and nvm carry on . its not that i was wanting to get back at them , i didn't know how to stop them , i stood there like a sheep as they bulldozed all over me . by that time my assertion was gone , my will was weak and they ... i've read brain cells have more thyroid hormone receptors than any other tissues and many agents are disrupting this in conjunction with cortisol , adrenal stress responses , which reacts with the way ... i have a question would people thank others in topics that are more important to them ? also would people thank others more in their thread or in threads of relevance where they want the discussion ... i bet she has an undiagnosed thyroid disorder . i think you misunderstand what's happening . and that yes you are adding to parts of her reaction , not everything , because some of this is a learned ... why do you write short stories instead of writing out extended narrative ? your a dark writer . do you think positive and negative moods affects the way you write more , or less ? how much are you ... would you post them , can i quote ? why do you think you rarely finish long projects ? i used to only ever want to write extended stories and yeah i didn't finish them . lol done . but at the same time i made a typeo . : blushed : i would like to read how you write and then interpret your style of writing and the imagery , communication and in general narrative . the answer is a no , well at least for me anyhow perhaps its inventions like plastic that help promote xenoestrogens that cause the confusion interesting article about xenoestrogens from a body ... my question is did she do this at the start when you met her , the very start ? if she did then yes she is unhealthy , if she started doing that later then her unhealthy reaction is a reaction to your ... that i have to say is a very sensible thing to say and a good point . yeah okay okay , i'll express less about my crap experiences and focus on the positives that exist , at least try to . i was projecting already . i realise that now . you are right . i have walked away from it too and i am slightly reactive in my response to intj sometimes , i had to grow up and trust my judgments instead of theirs . you are true in saying that its ... this is the strange bit i'm trying to understand , my impression is that intj think like that , that their logic is solid and find any other premise to their own flawed . i find it a strange curiosity ... yeah probably got carried away with it . i guess i'm saying that intj would become stressed with infp and vice versa if neither is willing to understand how they are . and then both would get into ... except their treatment of me and my infp mother tells a different story . its even easier for my brother to abuse his mother now than talk with her even though she still does the laundry for him . of ... maybe . then what does it mean for me , did my intj brother and father lack confidence in me for thirty or so years of their life , maybe they had confidence in me when i was a toddler and none during ... say would affectionate criticism be an intj way of showing how much you care about another person ? if so would you think this creates a positive self esteem , confidence and self belief for an infp ? ... really , i have the same attitude towards my intj brother . you don't suppose your behaviour helped him to be that way by any chance do you ? do you think he has a superiority complex that is bigger ... personally there could be a few scenarios here . a world with positive infps would talk to each other , create , imagine , make , be active in their ability to implement their ideas and make the world ... i'm tempted to thank everybody now , wants to skew the results , they already are but still i wanted to so there . that was my short lived attempt at trying to write horror science fiction .