' no i don't usually feel any physical symptoms . i just feel a really intense pain inside me . and i can't think straight . it's all mental or emotional . very hard to explain . hi ! i like creating stuff . music , art , whatever . stuff ! my problem is that i am terrible at handling criticism . even if it's constructive . actually , constructive criticism might even be even ... hey there ! welcome to personalitycafe :) . welcome kromy :) . cats are freaking cool haha . mrcafebot , please edit your post instead of reposting , thank you :) . lol , i have no idea how that happened . and welcome to personalitycafe dame :) . hello there ! welcome . hello ! welcome to personalitycafe . welcome to personalitycafe , daniporf . i'm another akward infp , and i'm sure there are a bunch more here haha . nice potato ! welcome to the forum . hello :) welcome ! you like zelda ? me too :) hahaha ! ! ! education ? ! ugh ... not gonna vote . yeah , it's that bad ... besides the school system isn't the same in sweden anyway . swag , yolo ( ugh , what did i just do ... ) this thread is getting confusing ... so in our group we have this guy who never says anything . he just stands there and say nothing . i'm not sure he is even listening to what we are saying ... like , please , can you just stop being so ... hi there ! welcome to personalitycafe :) . if you see me on the street , i'm that crazy guy who cycles like i'm being chased by a dinosaur . otherwise , i am sitting at the computer ... feelings are stupid . i thought it was obvious why there is a confusion . infp vs infj . one single letter different . i naturally assumed we were very similar because of that , but since i've learned more about funtions and ... here i am ! do i get a cookie ? :) hey :) . welcome . #ilovethissite #thisthreadisawesome #thisisahashtag #hashtagsareannoying so ... i hit the gym earlier today . check out my abs ! hey , did you watch the game last saturday ? ! sup dawg . you hittin ' dat ? ... wtf ? lol it was either chaotic good or chaotic neutral , but i since i'm so tired of drama and s * * t i just ended up choosing chaotic neutral lol . edit i took that test and got just neutral ( why no ... infp from sweden here ! :) welcome ! and yes , more and more ... and more infps are finding this site haha . i just find this question weird . first of all , most people will answer yes . or yes , but they're not stephen hawking . because a lot of people either assume , or hope that they are . however , few ... depends what you mean by electronic . a genre , or just music made using synthesisers ? or even samplers ? i'm not much for techno , and certainly not dubstep lol . anyway , i do like some nice ... actually i'd like to mention another thing . sure , i have problems talking to people because of fear ( s ) , but if i get to know someone , than that completely changes . then i have no trouble talking to ... heck yeah . you could say that i have pretty unreasonably high expectations regarding most things i want in my life . confidence , confidence , confidence . tell that to a guy who suffers from social anxiety ... ok , don't take that too seriously . i just wanted to mention it . and sure , it can be cured , but it's ... i feel like we are the mysterious lone wolves , who can change the world if we put our mind to it :) . hello there ! i am also an infp . but from sweden :) . welcome ! i've had a pretty crappy day . i've felt really sad and depressed today . i guess it's a little bit better now though . but penguins are really cute . and funny haha . anyway , i'm not sure ... i know teachers and kids at school all thought i was really weird for never talking to anyone , nor wanting to play with them ... yes . hello there ! :) first the postive stuff ... spring : yes , finally it's starting to get warmer again ! i was really starting to get tired of the cold . especially the wind . oh , the sunshine feels so nice . summer : ... people confuse laziness with hating to do stuff you don't want to do ( like chores ) :) . welcome ! i'm swedish too ! så ... välkommen :) . haha , this thread just made me smile :) . and yes , it happens to me too sometimes . i'm 18 , turning 19 this year . never really had a childhood . i've felt grown up ever since i was like 7 ... i've had social anxiety most of my life and just until recently i haven't really been interested in people , at all ... so i've always been a loner . doing my own thing . also , i never quite felt that ... wow ! i already knew i was an infp but i pretty much said yes to all the p statements :) . thanks for sharing . hello ! welcome . btw , you certainly don't come across as rude or awkard here anyway . i'm the rude and awkard one :) . hello :) . welcome to personalitycafe . shouldn't it be fine if both are really mature and have worked a lot on themselves ? i mostly play minecraft nowadays . there's so many things you can do in it . not just regular survival . right now i'm actually making a parkour ( platforming ) map :) . i've even made some music ... welcome ! you seem like a really cool person :) . and wait , you're from sweden ? ! me too :) . wait ... is she somehow related to me ? my last name is really unusual haha . '