' more ! sun-smiles , moon bows , and colors ! joseph i saw your video too . it was great ! thank you for posting one of the few socionics vids : kitteh : stop questioning how lettuce originated ! and stop questioning everything . and stop questioning everything else ! geez . it's like you have narcissistic schizophrenia : crazy : my aunt did this , and when i gave her the blank stare , she thought i was being stupid . : bored : what's up with this finish listening to a song ? lol ! ! like you only listen to half the song and then listen to the other half in the morning ? ? : laughing : why ? ? what are you even talking about ? ? shove objects into them ? ? really ? you can't be more clear ? you're vague statement was strange ... having olympics in russia despite the anti-gay ... googoodoll but that doesn't have anything to do with the olympics or people competing in sports for the country . because we want to know . everything .  1 . i love big doggies . 2 . every guy i date or go out with falls in love with me , and i hate it cuz i feel like guys are scared of me ( cuz they know ... ) 3 . my favorite color was purple when i was ... did anyone's starting to do this have anything to do with ouija or god ? ? wondering if that rings a bell for any nfs out there . omg yes : crying : i do this same thing when i need to talk to people ! i've done it since i was 16 and my mom and sister always thought that there was something wrong with me , and they were so mean to ... what's the difference between the ice skating jumps ? like , the double axle , triple axle , double-toe loop , quad , etc ? p . s . japan got gold cuz everyone fell in that comp . lol oh wow thanks ! but the pic isn't showing . tyrfing 78 % level 4 . no surprise there .. i've been electrocuted by a microwave before . : confused : done . i would love to see the results ! ^ aaaahhh ! ! oooh ! the japanese skater fell twice in his long program . ouch , ok maybe no medal after all ... : unsure : my favorite is slopestyle skiing-freestyle , and then halfpipe , then ice skating . of course , the mogul skiing is just beyond me ... : shocked : ^ that's amazing aha ! ya ! and i can't wait to see someone do another quad ! woohoo ! i'm watching right now . i think the japanese skater who was in first ( wearing the tidied blue and white ) is like a ... this question : i have great respect for the olympics and the olympians who compete . i love watching , but i have a lot of questions about stuff . for instance , do the skiers get points for hitting those poles in ... happy valentine's day , infjs ! wish you a happy valentine's day ! ... happy valentine's day ! ! ! woah , she sounds pretty immature and sure as hell not girlfriend material . well , being an enfp myself , i don't understand what would lead to that behavior , and please , pleeease , don't let that one ... dear infjs , happy valentine's day ! ! ! : wink : love , your : crazy : enfps yes ; i have seen the istjs , so lovingly , refer to them as emotionals . try personality test site have you had bad experiences with romantic enfp relationships ? what was it like ? what happened ? go make fun of your emotional counterpart , the isfj . go sell something to someone , maybe they'll buy your crap ! : shocked : ( i'm also kidding , i love enfjs . don't mind my failing insults either - just playing along with the thread . : blushed :) btw - ... please , please , your mediocre intuition doesn't work on us ... infp and infj , reading your insults back and forth to each other is like ingesting copious amounts of lard . entp : silly , goofy , crazy , have been incredibly easy on the eyes , kindred spirit , making one big ne is amazing , and have fallen deeply in love with him in the past . enfj : why am i not that ... when you love all enfps ! : tongue : how do i help this person ? ? please help , beloved advice gurus ! ! has anyone seen this from intj porn ? : laughing : sorry ... for my accidental post . corona , shiner bock , wine coolers , and frozen strawberry margaritas over here , please ! the enfjs are like : war ? yeah right . not i . yeh sure . lol just found this sick and twisted video on yt : if u watch the whole video , u will see why ... i think so . listen to what he says at 3:40 . iiii'm gonna go watch the super bowl . that's all folks ! : laughing : '