' guys , i think i feel love ... what should i do next my infp friend that i was interested in her being sick , how to show my concern to her with reasonable limits . i know i'm not anyone by it , i'm still in area that really adore her . i'm not her closer ... gentle spirit ? can you explain more .. woooww just wooow calm down , you know what i mean * sigh you two really need someone to win your heart , want to ask one thing , how to win your heart infp ? and maybe , if you infp have some stories that someone can win your heart ... really appreciate it if you want to share in here ... that's it , i want to know what's making her sad but she didn't want to talk for awhile really ? how to make her understand , that i really love her too . i know sometimes i become insensitive and ... so , yesterday i ask some song from my infp , i know she's not in good mood . but then , she gave me this song ... here's the lyrics you know , because intj little bit hard to swallow any kind of ... infp infp infp infp they are so adorable just agree with that shit and ummm yes , she exhibiting some of these behaviors and i want to handle it without hurt her , i want to , express my feelings ... but last time i've tell her , she's told me why you can't just ignore me if ... really ? i just think the same , would not that be make a double edges ? what if my infps become angry and disappointed when i do not mean to make her angry and disappointed and what if she's gonna ... so , i read this so many times and little bit creepy and my question is , your suggestion for another type to handle it . to handle your dark side , infps :) interstellar when tears , sunlight , stars , moon , hope , and outer space dancing under a heavy dose of love . incredibly epic . almost 10 . too noisy okee , i've read so many articles about intjs weaknesses and now how about you intjs fellas ? what is your weakness and how did you to overcome it as far i know , intjs are the most passionate to ... infps , what's it like to be you ? sometimes to understand an infp is stop to try to understand them for a while , right or false ? yupp , thread close request shhh , yeah ... i do prepare for everything , for the bad and the good thanks , yes i hate infp's emotionality yet adore them sooo much guys ... if you fall in love with infps don't let them go , maybe you need some compromises for your self , but it's worth it ... they're collisions that you worth having entheos and sangoire thanks for bunch of advices , i really appreciate it , now , can i ask some favor ? i will learn from the beginning , tell me how to handle infp what should i do's and don'ts in ... sangoire everything you say exactly same as her , * sigh i mean here is , perfect isn't talk about her personality , her looks , but perfect for me , show things and weakness that make me to be a ... first , thanks for your time to give me some advice , i do not want to be arrogant , but for intjs if this not something important i would not ask a lot of : sad : and yes ! ! she is mature infp , that's ... thank you ! ! you know what i mean very well ! ! yeaaah , patient ... thanksss a lot ! ! i know it's easy to me to figure everything right now , but not for her ... thanks again ! ! i'm intj , and i know ... romance is the biggest challenge for ours ( intj's ) , and i want to ask something about it . here we go ! i knew a woman , she is infp , she is the most adorable woman i've met , i ... i'm intj , and i know ... romance is the biggest challenge for ours ( intj's ) , and i want to ask something about it . here we go ! i knew a woman , she is infp , she is the most adorable woman i've met , i ... i'm intj , and i know ... romance is the biggest challenge for ours ( intj's ) , and i want to ask something about it . here we go ! i knew a woman , she is infp , she is the most adorable woman i've met , i ... yes , she give me a lot attention ... but , you know ... infp tend to give attetion to everyone , nah ... how i could distinguish her attention , i mean that was normally attetion or deep attention , how do i ... just want to know , true sign if an infp love you - _ - ask something ! ! lol how to get know , an infp loves me ? ? i mean , an infp always spread love and kindness to everyone , that's make confuse ... is she do that things only to me or just another ... nope , you're not ... it's just because infp's are so true then make misunderstood for being manipulating people when you always blame yourself - _ - what do you know about critical thinking ? i can relate it with myself . because we intj's , we can see multiple perspectivesx 94 , right ? ? more than another types , imo here some article about critical ... because she's so nice and i'm not deserve at all :( i mean , i'm the most annyoying person no bro , this infp is different , she crushes my mind with her treat to me ahahahah why are you so adorable ? how to avoid infp ? i know that feel bro , really 100 % match with my thoughts and circumtances her smile infp are totally adorable , but sometimes is very hard to catch her and i have enfp's friend ... she always get me , that's a different really agree with this : crazy : watching movies , listen music , read i think myself mix of both , but i'm more interested about humanities intj look their's eyes :D 18/20 2 of them just an short smile :( too much feeling / emotion in one place , i can't give right response intj - the solver infp / enfp - the teacher ( teach me how to feel :p ) cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 25.5 ) average use introverted sensing ( si ) ... are you okay irritating me , a lot 1 . observe her ( what makes her angry ) '