' i'd like to change my username to maybe mercury . thanks ! ! intp you're pretty awesome . xstp got a 34 on my act . didn't take the sats :/ intp , well , that escalated quickly . - istp he's a child piano prodigy . it's intense . nubb haha , it's a little boy . he's hyper as shit , but you can't deny that insane talent . dear universe , private is private is private . just because i don't want to show you or tell you something doesn't mean it has anything to do with you . actually , it probably doesn't . just let me be ... dear istj ( you actually are one and not an infj ) i don't know how you did it but you managed to push yourself into being one of my closest friends ( and i hate using the word friends because it is ... i am seriously torn between the wonderful promise of pizza and cards and the grim reality of actual human contact . decisions , decisions ... this . i found the charming switch a few years ago . tis a powerful weapon . dear entp , you know what my least favorite article of clothing is ? your shirt . hopefully we can fix this pressing problem . sincerely , istp unfortunately quite a few of them over there are mistyped infps and the likes . wait ... santa's not real ? ? ? ! ! ! dear infj ( i know what you say but you're almost definitely not a istj ) , thank you , i guess . just thanks . i know i give you a hard time but it's nice to have someone just listen and let you talk ... the ability to unlock any door . that sounds amazing . i need to make flight attendant friends now ! do you have to pay for the tickets ? i'm now realizing that the last time i talked to someone was four days ago . i should concerned . but really , i feel indifferent on the whole matter . i'm sure it went fine . no one can resist and istp's charm and good looks : tongue : . but seriously , how'd it go ? does he have a beard ? is he very cuddly ? god , i hate days like that . i just spent my day sleeping and staring at my computer screen . figured i needed a change of pace . can't focus at all . fuck it , i'm going for a walk . just took a walk outside with booty shorts and a t-shirt on . it's 20 degrees outside and i don't give a damn . sad thing is , you're probably right ... perhaps we have a stubble growing contest ( cos i like stubble better ) ? whoever wins gets to cuddle with me . ready austent 09 and doudeman ? dear xxtp seems our roles are reversed . i'm the gatekeeper to commitment and you are the gatekeeper to sex . gah ! it's just kind of leaving me confused and i'm really not used to this . it makes me ... you , sir , just read my mind . dude . that must mean that we are both istps . : tongue : my normal face . taken during lecture . 88182 dear entj ( ? ) father , istj mother and esfp brother , please calm down ! please . i know you're happy i'm back , now please calm the fuck down . i wanna go hide in a corner . can't believe i want to go ... why do people have to wear clothes ? y'know , besides the whole freezing to death thing ? it's marginally more comfortable to walk around in your birthday suit . do you play an instrument ? you could join an ensemble and get one credit hour or so . some you don't even need to audition for . that would be some fun . you could also just join some clubs and leave ... dear xxtp shit , i hope you feel better soon . you've quickly become one of my closest of my few friends . i know you feel like shit and it sucks and you can't just snap out of it . you know i get ... i've been and am depressed as well . my advice would be to not try and beat it , but rather learn to live a healthy life regardless of your condition . learn to tame it , instead . i've found when i ... strong hands , long legs , good smell , and a crooked smile . i like to think of ti as a puzzle . we take each idea / fact / thing we observe and we try to fit the pieces together in order to form a better understanding of the world . it's changeable and is pieced ... just gave my ears a second piercing by myself . feeling great . totally released the restless energy i've had all weekend ... should do this more often . i don't have to take the test to know that i was a pterodactyl in my past life . dear ? ? ? i can still smell you in my hair . sincerely , an istp ummm ... no . okay , i like the music and the dancing ( provided i don't get dry-humped by a complete , inebriated stranger ) . not the rest of the stuff that comes with it . this spoon is a reflection of myself and my inner suffering . just found out that liquid nitrogen evaporates on human skin . my plans for world domination have been significantly delayed ... i just got asked today if i actually knew what was going on or if i was the type that saw everything and silently judged from the sidelines . god , if he only knew ... dear ? ? tp , goddammit . why do we have to have so many interests in common ? now's not a good time . not for you and not for me . gahhh , you sly bastard , an istp * points to thread * have at it . what the hell just happened . i think i'm going on a date ... does not compute ... little istp cousin - i'd heard you'd been getting a lot of shit at school because you're small . but little dogs have bite . i'm so proud of you for socking that bully straight in the nose ... my mom is an istj . my dad's intj . at first , they tired making me do things just because but that just didn't fly . eventually , they just gave up and let me come to my own conclusions about things ... yup . that's happened to me too . it's funny though , because i've always related very highly to the thinking functions . maybe it's because the infj and istp share the ti-ni loop that can make us look ... the only incompetence you can't handle is your own at sex . why so chatty now , istp ? is it because you spent all day in your room alone ? '