' ... best part about this thread is it is equal parts entps bragging about themselves , other entps attempting to troll them for bragging about themselves , and a final portion of entps attempting to ... as a typical entp , i have more hobbies and passions than any human being ever should ; reading , writing , poetry , wood carving , sculpting , painting , bungee jumping , sky diving , scuba diving , rock ... entps do not know the meaning of the world guilt ... and pretty much everything we do is a pleasure . if we are engaged in an activity , chances are it is because it pleases us . we tend to avoid or ... if you are simply referring to what defines us in the eyes of other people , then the answer is quite literally whatever they believe . their belief is what defines you to them . if they believe ... had a longer post written , but most of it sounded far too close to whining for my comfort . the short of it is i was born to a lower-lower class family . drunks , drug dealers , delinquents , and the ... i am sure these have been posted on here before ... but if not , these definitely classify as entp porn . first ... one of the most inspirational speeches attached to one of the most inspirational ... this is a difficult question to answer , as it almost begs for a discussion of exactly what morality is . in an effort not to completely derail this conversation , i will avoid delving into the ... being an indie game designer , my penchance for video games should be relatively obvious . as an art medium for expression , i consider it unparalleled ; or , perhaps better stated , its potential is ... i have to agree that this is pretty common for most entps . tons of acquaintances but almost no one we would label with the term friend . i can only count perhaps four individuals in my entire ... ah , the entp forums . where the trolls come to get trolled . if none of the above bothered you , all of the above brought about a deep-seeded need to one-up everyone else ... and some of it even made ... fair enough , but realize turn-around is fair play . you feel the meaning of life is to simply be happy , and to do whatever is required to attain it . that mentality cannot solely be applied to you . if ... my impression is that she fully understands the connotations of your interactions , but has gone ahead with it for her own selfish reasons ; be that a need for an ego boost or too afraid to break off ... 1 . engage in some form of socially-accepted , fad-fueled hate / rebellion , and act like it makes you oh-so-edgy and non-conformist . i . e . america sucks , yeah ! i'm american , so saying that earns me extra ... oh , most people laugh at my jokes or get my humor ... but in an oh , my god ! i can't believe he just said that ! sort of way . the delivery is usually as important as the content , and nothing is better ... overly pacifistic people - yes , violence should never be the first ( or second , third , fourth , or possibly even the fifth ) answer . it should be the answer when using it will actually cause less damage ... have to say , my artistic endeavors have followed a typical entp path . i have dabbled in sketching , painting , sculpting , carving , composing / playing music ( guitar / piano / synthesizer ) , writing ( fiction ... no artist should ever judge themselves . more often than not we are both our harshest critic and most blindly-devoted fan . far better to post up one's work , and allow others to express their opinions ... welcome to the life of an entp . no , we never stop the wonder what it would be like way of thinking . it never goes away . it can lessen with age , but that voice in the back of your head that forms up ... i don't fucking cuss , damn it ! on a serious note , i use what is most effective and with the highest percentage chance of having the greatest impact upon my audience . if that requires curse words , ... remind him that all knowledge is power ; all knowledge is power . that those who dismiss something without knowing what it is that they dismiss are the epitome of ignorance . that labeling something he ... oh , i agree that there are certain ' things ' a ' friend ' could do to permanently close off our relationship . we entps have our own set of morals and rules , and we do not even let ourselves break them ... it is true that different humans judge based on differing criteria . a top athlete likely ranks those around him by their physical prowess , while a model may do it by their looks . i suppose this is ... how judgmental . you just be a judger . i am sure i can safely say that most entps do the same thing . it is kind of a pre-requisite with us that we view ourselves as superior to the common masses ... i enjoy bluegrass , but i am an entp ... it would be easier to list the genres i do not like , than to list the ones i do . i have never delved far into the bluegrass culture , though . my appreciation ... 1 . nightmare before christmas . 2 . v for vendetta . 3 . forrest gump . 4 . fight club . 5 . o brother , were art thou . i always enjoy videos that reinforce the emotions of the song ... but my favorite songs are ones with strong emotions held within them . one of my favorite has to be this : ... wow , do you like putting blood in the water , or what . asking why an entp thinks they are great is a definite way to get us indulging in a barrage of self-gratifying compliments ... most of which are ... i lived , for a time , right next to new orleans . used to visit the french quarter on a near weekly basis . the street performers were the best part . given the amount of psychics peddling their wares , ... my interests span the spectrum , to be honest . i will eat up just about anything on print ... with some obvious exceptions like romance , etc . my pleasure reading tends to take a fictional lean ; ... 1 . the most i have ever related to anyone or anything has been on this web-site . i can fake it , but that is a far cry from actually feeling it . 2 . i am secretly horrified of the notion of ... we tend to think the world of ourselves , and become irate when we see someone we feel who is less deserving than us getting the attention / accolade we feel should be ours . or ... perhaps it is better ... it kind of depends on the delivery , really . do it in a charming , cute , exuberant sort of way and i would probably laugh ... but be endeared . even interested . almost take it like a challenge or ... figured i would take a stab at a few of these , for you . 1 ) so if an entp finds a woman who he has lots in common with would it freak him out so that he won't make contact for 2-3 weeks even if he ... ah , yes . the ever-fun end of the world scenarios . recounting the 10 million ways the world could end in a horrible fashion , and the terrors that would be in store for those who survive . ... i am an entp and going to have to go with chaotic neutral . for the most part , i have good intentions but i am a bit lax in how i achieve these intentions . also , i strive to maintain the balance . i ... hmm ... turns out i test as an 8 w 7 with a sexual variant . could be just my own self-image getting in the way of testing true ... but i tend to think it is pretty accurate . the variant definitely ... kind of what i figured . mortality rate by unintentional suicide is probably pretty high ( doing something dangerous that gets ourselves killed , even when that was not our intention ) , but i could not ... i have to admit , my ego is probably larger than it should be . i walk around all day with it talking to me . it keeps saying you da man ! the only thing i can do is reply back yeah , i know . ... call it our curse . let our mind linger on any one thing too long , and we start making new connections . there are just places we should not let it go . i value truth , but some connections are a bit too ... i think using the word uncontrollable is what is throwing most of us off . it likely means something a bit different to other personality types than what it means to an entp . for one of us to ... i , personally , love going into historically accurate torture methods . describing things like the meaning of drawn and quartered or an oubliette never fails to illicit a what is wrong with you ... hmm ... this is going to be long ... but ... interests : music ( attempting to compose my own , or listening . i enjoy any genre save gansta rap or country . neither speaks to me . my two favorites are ... you know you are an entp when you argue with someone on an issue until they actually change their mind to your side ... only for you to switch to their old side and start the argument all over again ... i have been , actually . trying to catch up on my new favorite forums . i stated this somewhere else , but it is nice to actually interact with people who get me instead of just people who like me , ... just speaking for myself as an entp , but we tend to be make or break when it comes to loyalty and friendship . i have a lot of acquaintances ( people who think we are friends ) , but very few people i ... 1 . ) unethical = i am ethical . it is just my own moral code is dictated by myself , and not by any religion , social etiquette , etc . i never break my own ethics ... they just are not the same as the ... '