' ( ( lovin ' the new avatar by the way ) ) xnfp tmlt be lonely i think what my infj friend most enjoys about me is her inability to figure me out or predict my actions . the other day we had a funny conversation that went something like this : her : how is ... ( awkwardly replying to this long dead but extremely accurate post ) well , i can't say it's not true , but , i will say that this is a list of traits that only occur in small ways . also , enfps have a ... okay , more questions : how many friends do you have ? how many are close friends ? are you satisfied with these numbers ? why / why not ? tell me what your best friend is like . what are his / her ... story of my life xd from a lot of discussion with my friend who's well-versed in mbti , i've decided that i'm an enfp , but my enneagram ( 3w2 ) can confuse people into thinking otherwise . also , i was ... time : i like to wake up extremely early , sometimes 4:30 or 5 , during the school year , because that's when i can be most productive . however , evening is perhaps my favorite time , because it's when i ... xd it would have been a good tactic , though i enjoy drawing , because i rarely get enough time to do purely creative things any more . i volunteer a lot , because it's a passion of mine to improve ... if i said no , would you continue through the 15 remaining possibilities ? a direct method , but i was imagining something more roundabout in nature xd i had a nice and lively childhood , that ... my type is the perpetrator and you have to interrogate me to discover who done it . ask me anything , detective . ( i actually know what it is , but dezir started this and i wanted to try it ) ... only if you say the doctor is in when you enter my sanctum for some reason , i'm feeling intp for this type least likely to believe in ghosts this is a fascinating idea . i'm going to copy it xd now for your question : what is your greatest fear and why ? find peace if you do that , everything else falls in place a hunk a ' hunk a ' gotterdamm ! if i have to call you doctor , you have to call me daddy . it's only fair well i honestly can't tell sometimes xd in some situations i feel i should walk away and not put up with things , but i personally don't feel like the other person / thing / job is acting ... this is the hardest relationship for me to ditch , because i feel personally responsible for their happiness . it's so stressful trying to play therapist , though . this is such an accurate ... you're the sin squared to my cos squared <3 and together we form one i think that's just called oral sediment sheep people . also known as sheeple . use in a sentence : here is the church , here is the steeple , open the door and see all the sheeple . enfp ngl or entp tmlt come off as creepy i did it . and god i regret it already oh god ... well , i have no sense of pitch or rhythm . but i did it : vocaroo | voice message ruh-ro ! infjs are harder to push to their worst , but their worst is also much scarier and much harder to come back from . intjs are easier to upset / anger , but they tend to bounce back pretty quickly and all ... ... dirt ? ? a stressed intj or an over-socialized enfp tmlt be a picky eater ( lol don't know what this has to do with mbti but ) how about some karaoke ! ? hysteria i'm surprised no one's mentioned the 11th doctor from doctor who . i think he and elizabeth bennett are two of the best enfp representations in fiction . terrible flirting turns me on plight so . this is a difficult concept for me to put into words ; bear with me if i get a little ramble-y . it's a general consensus that enfps put up with behaviors and conditions that other people ... i have an extremely strong fear of missing out . sometimes i spread myself so thin that i end up stressed and can't even enjoy all the activities i've signed up for xd i have gotten better at it , ... hi there ! i could tell that this man has made you extremely stressed . i think the question you need to ask yourself is , would we be able to have a healthy relationship ? from what you've said , it ... infx tmlt be active on an online forum site 687834 : eek-new : beastiality ! ! ! yes cause you're a cutie pie enfps ! ! ! because we attach sentimental value to inanimate objects ( although in reality it's probably more commonly infps that become hoarders ) ( ( but i have distinct hoards of different ... definitely . i'll be over in five isn't that incest ? it would be best to get it bit by bit ... : this painting : 687818 or this poem : 687826 if your avatar is a pic of your o face , then i'll pass my entp brother constantly forgets to pay his bills , but i'm rather organized in that respect , surprisingly . not traveling ... my istj father is a fit for this . otherwise isfj possibly . tmlt ... you speak in such a superior way , but you've given little evidence to warrant it . i'm curious to know what you think , and if your ideas are really so much more sound than mine . do you think the world ... hah , not the response i was expecting . does that mean you fear the labels ignorant and misguided yourself , since you would not offer your own definition to be judged by me ? and how does your ... the song pumped up kicks ( despite its dark meaning lol ) oooo , goodie ! i've been meaning to add to my list of things i wish i'd never learned i think you're a little young , but i'd do anything once plus infps are unnecessarily sexy interesting . seems like an introverted passion . perhaps istp ? tmlt be an addict ( to anything ) '