' welp , just got word that he has moved on with a new staff at our work . she's his age . rebound i guess . end scene . when you say protecting himself ... from me ? from being hurt ? protecting his heart ? sanity ? what ? i'm just trying to understand ... i mean , i can do one night stands , but consecutive fwb sex i'm beginning to see doesn't work out for me ... i didn't expect to get in that deep with him . like we may have fallen for each other but kept denying it and covering it up . i should have recognized the signs from his end , like over-clarification , ... well , it's quite clear i was the fool if he can just throw me away like that and not reach out after i apologized . if it's best for him then okay . i'll just pour cement over my wounds . i'm at the point now where i wish him the best but i never want to see him again . i think i got in deeper than he did . this is the way it always goes and i'm sick of it . i'm done with any guy . at this point , my libido is down and i pretty much just want to avoid relationships of any type . this sucks and i never want to go through this again and i don't have enough faith in myself to ensure ... yeah , i know i've had to step away from people i've had feelings for in the past , like exes , but honestly i don't know how much of a connection i actually had with them . we were together because we ... a friend of mine who's a social worker had a theory that he broke it off because it could have been driving him crazy and he had to end it some way . he mentioned that the accusations and my actions ... out of curiosity and my need to empathize , how strong do you think his feelings were ? and possibly the charm and the letter ? i mean , knowing him i could see him storing these items somewhere until he's ready to revisit them ... i will always care about him . <3 that's beautiful , though . this makes me wonder if he even read my letter and kept everything i gave him ... i think we both weren't in our best place and that's probably part of the reason why we were drawn to each other . we both wanted to support each other , but the lines between fwb and lovers were ... i haven't contacted him since i gave him that letter of apology and those gifts to right my wrongs and let him know the door will be open for him when and if he's ever ready to be friends again . he ... i don't know . the more i process this , the more i think about a quote i once heard that said love is a choice . the more i think about this situation , the more i feel like i could have loved him in ... thank you . any insight on why he mentioned the whole thing about his tendency to compartmentalize feelings for people ? the night before i first accused him of using me for an undignified reason , he ... all i had done was give him a heartfelt letter of apology . after that , i said nothing more to him . i've left him alone and i'm continuing to . i just wish we could be friends again . no sex . i grew to care about him too much for that . i know . i let insecurity get the best of me . i tried to right my wrongs and i hope he forgives me . when things cool down , could he ever reconnect with me eventually so we could try being friends ... hey all , so let me start off by giving you all some context . i am a 26 - year-old female enfp who was recently in a friends with benefits relationship with an infj male ( i'm pretty certain he's an ... ohhh , i know about baggage ... took me two whole years to finally be secure enough with myself to not need to date around , so much . :) if i find out for sure from a close source that there is nothing going on between him and the roadie girl , i'll consider it . i'm still a bit disenchanted by his communication habits , though ... do you know her type ? i know for me as an enfp , if and only if the feeling was mutual , i would love hearing a guy who was into me say what's on his mind about it . be honest that it makes you nervous , ... i'm not saying what was going on with us was a fling , because it wasn't . the thing with the roadie was a fling . and he used to reply , just maybe i let him go for too long ... or something went on with ... thank you so much for sharing . :) reason i ask is because there's this guy i met in december who lives far away , but we chatted sometimes and our conversations always seemed one-sided because i ... thetechman spell 66 thank you so much for sharing ! :) i'm seeing a commonality of fear of what's involved in a relationship and fear of being hurt . i have a couple of particular questions , now . if ... so , after reading your posts , i'm gathering that there are overlapping perspectives on dating between an estp and an istp , but the way in which they present these perspectives are different - i ... hey istp guys , for those of you in your 20 ' s who are either too busy or do not care to begin a serious long-term relationship , when do you think you will and what would it take ? for the rest of ... okay , i'm not going to make this a debate , so if you try to perpetuate this , i won't respond , but here are my solid arguments before i let it be : 1 . what i said was not in mean-spirit . i feel ... i can't say that i've never done that , the last time i did was two years ago , but since then , no ... i would never . i get what you mean about incredulity . and she's , like , 33 ... metamd headofhudet he literally just read the message i sent , the other day ... nada . headofhudet you're a dude , thoughts on this ? i was mainly verbally processing everything regarding what type of guy i believe him to be . :p roud : okay , okay , let'sss not get petty . you're both rad . : wink : i had originally thought istp but i wasn't sure , so i had to put in a couple of other options . i just did some digging ( i was curious ! who doesn't ? ) and got some more information . i saw that he was a ... no no no ! no worries at all ! : wink : i'm learning a lot , and i'm conjuring up some thoughts on the subject you're both discussing . i'm feeling like the third wheel in some type of tension and i'm loving every minute of it because it's very entertaining . : tongue : watching an intp and an intj debate is extremely fascinating to watch . i'm trying to think about what i could add to this , to be honest ... : happy : honestly , not sure i will . he still hasn't read my message . still thinking about it . honestly , not sure i will . he still hasn't read my message . still thinking about it . check out my post a couple of posts below this one - there's been an update ... see my post above this one ... there's been an update ... ^ ^ on this note : just saw that a few days after they returned from touring , the girl posted a sad poem that basically said , you never belonged to me so i'm going to sit back and watch you lose ... just saw that a few days after they returned from touring , the girl posted a sad poem that basically said , you never belonged to me so i'm going to sit back and watch you lose me ... ohhh ... my ... more reason to believe that this guy is an istp . yeah , i did some digging . girls commented his photos and wall and stuff that made it seem like they were together , but he never publicized anything with them ... i'm really thinking istp for him ... the girl seems like a total esfp , though . i have a feeling she came on to him . also , i remember seeing photos from the tour to see what indicators there were that ... i'm really thinking istp for him ... the girl seems like a total esfp , though . i have a feeling she came on to him . also , i remember seeing photos from the tour to see what indicators there were that ... i can see this being the case , for sure . like i said , i have no reason to be upset at him about the fling , but i do think i invested a bit too much emotional energy into him . i get that he's probably ... '