' dear extx teammate ( whom i like , duh , ) the season is over and i ’ m not sure what to do . i texted and asked if you wanted to play another game at the bar where we usually meet , but you said you ... although , you are correct , it wasn't my original intent , i try to appreciate a good ribbing when i get too self-absorbed in my own observations / general perceptions . lol ! and yes , liquidlight is ... haha ! i'm using this next time . and i very much agree that i must be over-inferring , which is why i asked infj's what extroverted thinking is ( and therefore what to do--how's that for inferring ? ! ) , ... here . perhaps this is a form of stupidity , but i find that whenever nt's start a tirade about intelligence , i feel the need to sock them with their own stupidity--except i can only do this in person and ... i enjoy always being surprised to find out how loved and cherished i am . seriously , it's always a shock every time someone comes out and tells me , and then like 5 people chime in . it is always nice ... all i can tell you is that my infj-ness has me strapping on my morality armor ready to take on this situation , ready for any kind of fight . the fact that this is my go-to reaction , let me say : ... ... when you're mad that you're something so annoying as * human * and you catch a cold : a tiny little organism that wreaks havoc on your body , which you already have enough of a hard time acknowledging ... as an infj , the fact that you'd be hiding ( i'm sorry but people just stink at this--you'd be better off fooling me by being obvious : it can't possibly this simple ! ? ! ? ! ) and what you are trying to ... dear exfj co-worker , so last friday , somehow the subject of our fellow enxx ( i suspect tp ) co-worker comes up and how all of his friends are getting married and he ’ s worried about it and you tell ... ... when after you see a man ( i don't think he was her father ) audibly smack a child's bottom and yell , your mother doesn't want you ! you immediately see every avenue you could use to terrify and ... sorry , cringing at bad grammar is all part of the charm ! : wink : but if you are asking where to find us , honestly , i'm looking for other infj's too and if they're like me , they are either at home , ... ... when you bake sweets that ruin store-bought foods for yourself and others , they are so good , yet when people ask you what your secret is , you can only answer , i get free-handed with the sugar , ... omigo - , this is so me when i was in school ! i had a somewhat similar experience : in 5th grade , after my having moved to a new state that previous summer , school used to start with some 10 problems or something of the like , written on the board ... okay so after thinking long and hard--and then realizing that doing so is one of my biggest contributing problems , i've come to the conclusion that i've become overly introspective . i became fixated ... dear xx ( i suspect is ) tj boss : i must admit i'm immensely amused when you tell me that you were just talking about me--in a good way--and proceed to question my reasoning ( which i understand , that ... i admit i was miffed after reading this . i was trying to explain that i'm trying my best to see things through another's eyes , but it's obvious that i am not successful . perhaps you are still ... namely , from my own experience , admittedly , so i'll use myself as an example . oftentimes the conflict--near constant conflict environment , to use your words--is my own perception . it is admitting ... happiness 101 ( ish ) i think # ' s 1 & 2 most aptly apply to your situation ( called life ): 15 things you should give up to be happy | purpose fairy i've tried math to figure this out . i gave dominant functions a value of 4 , auxiliary = 3 , tertiary = 2 , inferior = 1 . i just used the plus signs to signify the grouping . ( i dunno why , really . ) ... i cannot answer this in the best way possible , as i cannot see you to read your body language ( that's incredibly helpful for me to be helpful ) but i will take a stab at it anyway . again , i believe ... delilah , i picked there's a chair in the middle of the room as an example of how confusing it is to me to say something that becomes so obvious , as soon as it is said--and then repeat it over and ... liquidlight , thanks for explaining the idea of a formula . as i read your response , i realized that this may be why i do not understand te , ultimately : why does everything have to fit an ... this is my dad exactly . if he can't figure out the weather by seeing it on tv or finding it on the internet fast enough , he'll go outside and report back an announcement to everyone that it is ... that's just it though ( maybe i didn't say it in my first post ): i'm trying to figure it out ( okay , are they irritated with it being there ? would they prefer it somewhere else ? what's up with the ... i'm asking infj's in hopes that one of you will be able to answer a two-fold question : what is with my perception of the phenomenon that bewilders me about te and please explain it in a way that ... dear girlfriend of my ( male ) dart teammate , first of all , i had * no * idea from the limited interactions i first had with him that he was seeing anyone . believe you me , as soon as i found out , i ... i had the exact same--immediate--reaction as superdooper : i want to give you a hug and let you know it's alright to try standing on your fe legs ; i won't judge ! that said , it would seem that you ... i love anything that jars my ni . thanks for the post ! : laughing : ... you get awash with overwhelming feelings about other people's response to the newly elected pope--and you're not even a devout catholic ! at first , i was going to say no . children carry on genes to further the human race , but then i guess , from a purely biological standpoint , yes : so that we as a species don't die out . also , you need ... how sad ! : unsure : perhaps , extj's would want someone to validate their unique existence and ixtp's would want ... well , ' cuddles ' comes to mind first , but more seriously : someone considerate of their ... isn't the latter universal ? don't we all want what we can't have ? for some reason i find this behavior immensely endearing ! :p roud : intp's are lumped in this as well , but have you ever seen this ? ... ... you think of the book you reserved with your local library from a series you were reading over two months ago--and the next day you get a text message saying that it's in . ( true story . i swear on ... , i hear you , sister : dear silver-haired , blue-eyed , presumably straight men , quit hitting on me . i eerily consistently get hit on by a lot of you guys , married or not , who are ... parents , in an attempt to understand their own child , badger their child with questions whenever the child is less than happy--which is understandable , really , but i just want to tell them to shut up ... dear ( i'm pretty sure ) istj boss , thank you for once again reminding me why i dislike interacting with you . i had no idea that you did the hiring for other departments in the company . i mean , ... i got generous thinker confidencehttp :/ / personaldna.com/images/bar.jpghttp://personaldna.com/images/bar2.jpg lowhigh 4 ... after reading this , i immediately thought , once again , i'm told i need to be a writer , as * that * is what i did from a very young age . some months ago , i had taken a seminar on what i should do ... this has happened on more than one occasion and it's not always a bad thing , but i am , again , ' absorbing ' another person's personality . a couple of people , actually . and even more accurately , i'm ... this might be tmi , but i am on my last nerve ... dear horrible case of pms , you can ... go someplace horrible . i can hardly work , drive a car , stop pushing on pull doors , or not rip anyone's ... every so often , when talking with someone , you can hear the ' true ' meaning or what the person left out or that the person doesn't understand in your head . example : person a : ducks are stupid my ... try adopting a new persona , so to speak . one that pretty much expects that people will like you , naturally . i've found that people very readily change their reactions to people * after years of ... i don't know if other people do this because i'm too worried about people's reactions if i explained this out loud , in person , but there are times when i get the sense that some celebrity is about to ... dewymorning , i've done that for years ! lol i'm known ( when i was in school , now at work ) for organizing my food : - m & m's and skittles by color frequency / relationship to other colors ( ie , ... every day . i drive myself nuts with wondering about this . i believe it falls in line with the ever-present question of why ? that is prevalent among ni-users ( or so i read somewhere ... ) this is me , exactly . :d ry : '