' i'm curious too omg this right here lol . i did this all through high school and even as an adult i'll still do it , not as often though i was :) every once in a while someone who is more outgoing is nice but they wear me out fast . then i don't want to see them for a while . i prefer a more relaxing person . i guess i meant passionate as in ... haha i really love reading through all these :) you know you're an infp when you love it when someone is as deep and passionate as you are . i'm an infp and i feel like i have a lot of intj men in my life . not forwardly emotional , quiet and reserved at first . but once they get comfortable they're such deep thinkers . i dont know why but i ... how about we're all rare and leave it at that ? :d ry : haha , enfp just like my mom . (: we get along well , most the time :P (: haha , sorry . it's just a habit . well , it'd make sense cause all those extroverts just wanna party all the time ;P jk .. kinda . yes to all of the above :D what do you mean ? like 60 % of all famous people are introverted ? i think he's learning he needs to say it more . but when we broke up we had every class together and i insisted on seeing him pretty much every other day so i really pushed him away ... i thought if ... hehe , i completely agree with you , goaty (: i would find that a lot more gratifying , unless i didn't think the person attractive at all then it would really get annoying being stalked by them all the ... maybe anything with an i is consider harder to find since the ratio of introverted to extroverted is 1 to 4 ? we do text a lot but he doesn't seem to mind ... hah , no thanks . i kinda wanna stay rare , anyway . <3 haha ! yeah ! :D actually ... no ... because the love of my life isn't one x . x i have to disagree that we're not rare . i've seen on many sites that infp's are only part of 1-2 % of the worlds population . while my boyfriend , he's an estp , which consumes about 10 % of the ... my boyfriend is an estp and i'm an infp and i personally think we do very well , but when my emotions are too high for him and he's too disconnected emotionally things do get rough . but that's about ... when you find yourself smiling and agreeing with all the other posts (: tetris just frustrates me ): depends on the baby for me :P hug ! (: i also like the feeling of being rare . but , sometimes , it does make me feel extremely lonely . i think i've met one infp my whole ... haha i stare at the ceiling too sometimes . and watch tv . love it , refugee (: you know you're an infp when you find dishes in the fridge when you meant to put them in the cabinent but you weren't paying attention cause you were in your own little world ... i'm just wondering what other infp's find comfort in when they're upset . i personally eat , listen to music , or draw . the eating part is really something i wish i could break ): i think it is an introverted thing . since we live in our heads , things that are recognized about things outside ourselves makes us feel uncomfortable . we'd much rather be told how smart we are or how ... my name is jackie i'm an infp and a 4 i think i made an account on here a while back but decided to just make a new one and start all over (: i can't wait to make some infp or 4 friends ! you know you're an infp when you're in class you're oberving everyone intently only to be broken out of the trance by your teacher asking you a question . happens to me all the time :P '