sometimes kinda think i am not too bad ... other days ( most ) i avoid mirrors like the plague ... i do have some dysmorphic tendencies so i honestly don't know most of the time . others tell me i am ... i wouldn't , but if i was to i would probably freeze ... i am not going to leave a mess some other person who more than likely cared about me would have to clean up ... that is just a shitty thing ... i would have to think about that for a bit ... 1 . unintentionally walked into something ? wall , doorway , pole ? everyday multiple times a day usually 2 . watched tv for over four hours straight ? idk 3 . slept in ( unintentionally ) ? today 4 ... yes ... mostly because i forget my phone a lot and i like to know the time ... i have several but mainly wear one by guess its a huge cuff watch ... i don't like delicate jewellery black widow no they do their own thing and don't like being told what to do ... i relate dogs are okay ... wouldn't want one ... i prefer cats ... far less needy i don't do bmi ... i was an athlete for a long time ... muscle mass and bmi do not correlate correctly ... i am in a healthy weight range for my height ... i do tend to become obsessive about ... 271034 i love the music i love and the rest i can leave ... i like to have music on it tends to soothe me when nothing else can i tend to look at the way parts combine ... but if i had to pick only one then mouths .. especially the way a guy grins .. gerard way ... his face for me is perfection ... people telling me how i should be .. what to do to improve myself to suit the world ... thinking they know me and that their way of looking at the world is how i should too ... i am prone to being very dark ... dissociative , anti social , i get very sad and hopeless i walk kinda fast .. i am not that tall but tend to leave people behind ... i am prone to accidents tho ... i fall up and down stairs like a champion ... your family offers to take you out to a fancy restaurant for your birthday and you say no thank you ... i prefer to stay home  was a meh idc kind of day  o ( ≧ ∇ ≦ o ) eternal lurker sounds about right ... i have been in another forum for over 8yrs and am shocked when people message me still .. i thought i was invisible ... damn ... no .. just me pulling stupid faces ... thanks tho unless i should regret posting ' o . o five months after joining a forum dedicated to personality types you still have not really interacted with anyone and are okay with that ... it was more to about being able to observe ... feels ... > . <  hetero ... have always tested intp ... tried repeatedly to get a different result by altering my answers ... somehow always still intp ... the profile also fits pretty well but i question it still you make an appointment then cancel the appointment because its just too much to have to deal with a little lost in translation never fails grey ... like fog .. no sharpness or edges moi little things ... as an intp its those little things simple stuff ... a bottle of my fav drink , a meal or dessert i love ... things that show the person takes notice and took the time to follow that ... hoobastank - the reason album i have i have always related best to ulquiorra ... he reminds me of me a lot ( intp ) it's all good ... what works for one may not for another so i try to just take each person as they come ... but that is not to say i don't stick my foot in it ever ... we are not all the same but for me being asked directly to talk about certain things is not something i feel comfortable with , i would prefer to just leave it be until i am comfortable or ready to ... i would try to find the owner or hand it in to the police ... i would never dream to take anything from it ... if it were mine i would hope someone would do the same for me . the idea of me being ... not much for me ... i have never really fit and always tested as intp from the very first time was bit awkward socially young .. only gotten worse really manga and anime ... alita battleangel really old durarara bakuman bleach deathnote ghost in the shell full metal rurouni kenshin fate / stay