' lucked out personally and found myself an infj lady who hates valentine's day , flowers , and yes , even chocolate . if anything we'll probably mark the non-occasion as we do many other normal days of ... to lie on a quiet beach , a book in one hand and rum in the other . nice houses , fancy cars , swimming pools , none of that really matters ; just give me enough money to eat well and drink better , and ... i do this all the time . don't know why , i don't enjoy making people mad at me , but it's just such fun mental exercise to adopt the most absurd position possible and somehow formulate an argument that ... brilliant . my first reaction when the phone rings is to growl at it to shut up . usually it doesn't listen so i just give it an angry stare and fume until it goes quiet again . then i immediately text the person ... i ’ m glad i ’ m not a london prostitute or i would be constantly afraid of jack the ripper copycats . before that it was i had to fire my nail guy . he was getting rusty . then there's a man ... i love creative writing , though like everyone else i have all sorts of trouble getting past the first five pages , and that's if i ever even get past the thinking and processing to actually writing ... estjs more than anything . the only pleasure i have in interacting with them is in ignoring the imbecilic things they try to boss me around about and watching their impotent frustration build up . both of those are true , at least in my case . unpredictability is one of the best weapons in my social arsenal , and i guard it with my life . even if i'm not nearly as unpredictable to others as i like ... i only care about apathy . no way man , scar's the intj . he has one goal that drives him and he doesn't stop till it's accomplished . jafar schemes but has no real master plan . he gets stuff he wants then doesn't know what to do ... i really doubt you'll be able to find any prominent public figure who's identifiable as intp ( the spotlight's a bit too bright for our taste ) , and even if you could i'm sure he'd be clever enough to ... how do you plan to solve the problem ? i already did . what ? i already solved it . how ? it's funny , i've never particularly cared for animals , especially cats , but a while ago my friend's cat just decided - without any attention from me - that mine was the best lap to sit on , and it's ... my favorite explanation for anything when dealing with sensors is it's just a paradigm shift , nothing fancy . i honestly have no idea what a paradigm shift is , nor do i care , but it seems to satisfy ... something i've noticed i do a lot is scheme . it's in quotes because it's not exactly what i mean but right now i can't think of a better word for it . anyway , i'll have a general idea of how i'd ... what happens a lot with me is someone will bring up a topic that suddenly really catches my interest and i'll say something about it that i find interesting or useful , and suddenly everyone is ... hang in there . i had ( still have , i suppose , since she ain't dead yet ) an esfj mother and growing up , especially the time of life you're at , was torture . everything had to be done her way , in her ... ha , yes . ben for sure . i always favored sawyer and desmond too , since they actually behaved like real people with brains , unlike literally everyone else . also , v ( for vendetta ) , tom sawyer , ... definitely agree . that's part of the challenge of seeing how much smarter i am than the other drivers . all i know is , i can't drive 55 . oh ... you meant those kinds of beverages . in that case ... no . but if we open the discussion to involve adult beverages , most definitely . sake makes me friggin brilliant . cliche , yes , but hawaii . probably maui or kuaui , for the beaches and the readily available solitude . also , they hate work and clothes , with which i am totally in agreement . choice two , a boat ... i can't think of the last time i thought of or called a person cool . i use it more just to mean okay , as in , that's cool , i'm fine with it . when i think of people being cool i think of the older ... i think that's probably what he's doing , being afraid of smothering you . we're chameleons , so we adapt to what our circumstances dictate . my guess ( just because this is how i am ) is that he's trying ... driving is one of my favorite things to do , especially when it's driving without any pressure waiting for me at the end of the trip . i hate being driven , mainly because i feel like it's on the ... like the one post said , te sees something and accepts that it is what it is . the facts of what it is have been seen , accepted , and serve no further purpose . we , on the other hand , see what ... i have to be in the right mood for it . it's undeniably fun for me to see what kind of reaction i can get out of people , but that has to be weighed against the possibility that it'll lead to a ... tell ya which dickens character i really hate , pip from great expectations . kid is so freakin stupid . dude works all his life to make you one of the richest people in england and you won't take the ... ah but that's when the intp superpower of being able to instantly make someone regret starting a conversation with us comes in handy . you're right on time ! you look at me too much when i'm talking to you . i'm sorry ... do i know you ? dude don't sweat what the test says . for the longest time , every test i took pegged me as istp , but the description they gave was never accurate in the slightest . then i read an intp description and ... also in regards to building off of what others have created , i do it almost constantly . talk to me about something i care about irl and it won't be long before i tell you what they should've done ... ^ this . which , since i really enjoy the freedom of imagination that writing provides , is incredibly frustrating when i need to describe something or someone physically . as for the op , you've ... it's not necessarily the emotion itself that bothers me , as long as the feelers in question recognize their disability and are self-aware enough to understand that i don't share it . it's only the ... movies : v for vendetta - one of the few i can watch at any given time or place - anything by fincher , nolan , tarantino , or the coens , the life aquatic with steve zissou , sin city , 3:10 to yuma , ... the actual possibility of jurassic park coming about today as opposed to nineteen ninety-whenever it came out . it obviously relates to teenagers because the obnoxious ones are always the first to get ... it's a metaphor . the furry thing represents several people on this thread . the doorknob represents getting it . one thing that really gets me is when people assume i'm like they are , and that i automatically agree with whatever point they've made just because they spoke it . or when ( in my mind at least ) they ... because of the snakes ? if it was talked about before jesus , it must be even truer . i trust this will resolve the matter . sjs of any type are the hardest to fathom . i get the how of how they work , but i cannot for the life of me understand why . why the slavish obedience to pointless rules ? how can they not be fascinated ... the holocaust = love - jason 104 only if i get to look the person in the eye before i go and with my last breath say , earn this . damn i hate those narcasists .. so narcasistic . always loving ... themselves ... so much ... and shit . woulda been ... nice to ... have been born as the .. natural ... people are made to love , man . it's how we're wired . people show it in different ways and respond to it in different ways but everyone wants that attachment and intimacy with another person . me saying ... the main flaw in the op's argument is that he states that love is an emotion . understandable , since this is what disney and the rest of hollywood have fed us for the last hundred years , and jane ... one thing independence has taught me is to never question the effect of whiskey . i dislike trends in general , but the ones with a really specific cause are what i really hate . a few years ago i ... my istj dad buys into way more conspiracy theories than anyone else i know ( except maybe his istj dad , who i'm pretty sure is still convinced that the civil rights movement was started by communist ... '