me too i keep mailing away my stuff to random addresses ... i dont even have a bed anymore ok i want in on this too i hate ppl i volunteer kage as tribute ( btw u dont have to retire to log out ) but i want to stand out at my college u weren't supposed to find out about my uncle dx oh shit no no no im getting exposed i could tell ppl that my kink is having my boyfriend dress up as zorro while i pretend to give birth by shoving a baby doll up my vag and shooting it back out i'm bad at this and need help maybe i need to develop a skit that would make me look really fucking weird and practice it a bunch on my own so people will think i'm crazy ... bad day . between studying for a test tomorrow and getting my lunch interrupted by some obnoxious guy , i didn't even think about this much . :/ i need better time management skills . yes it's a dangerous world out there frosty if u cant get a girl , buy a girl yes i said quietly stay off my tv i mean if you're a minority and the majority gets treated better than you , then you just have to man up , work hard , and get yourself on an equal level with them . but you're supposed to do this quietly ... that queso was a bad idea last night . i still feel it in me and it's kinda gross . i'm trying to cut carbs and staying away from processed stuff , for now . my boyfriend says that i should eat ... its my milk shakes they bring all the boys to the yard ok so i know how it works 1 . get pregnant 2 . keep baby inside 3 . when having sex , tell baby to get ready 4 . when u orgasm , baby will crawl out of vagina and squirt ur partner with ... 1st meal : honey ham green beans broccoli salad of : spinach & mixed greens tomatoes carrots cucumber bell pepper you are not alone sometimes it can be too sugary tho mountain time all the governments are supporting it all the businesses are supporting it the us government is gonna change itself from a capatalist society to a communist one because a small handful of ... where is peter pan ok so i know i only voted for peter pan so in disappointed in the rest of yall strp up ur game we need to win the championship really disappointed in anyone who voted straight unironically fine sundae i'll vote but u forgot to add urself i wouldve voted for you that's what they all say r u 40 b my mom's midwife for me por favor thx this video made me sad because pink floyd stopped before it got to the good part i had no idea boi i hear dat . maybe she's trying to b cool my whole life has been a lie i did bcuz i want to b speeshul not happy until there's cake where is atama none of my threads showed up there because im really special 716450 i will never grow up 1st meal : chicken tenders green beans squash coffee mixed fruit 2nd meal : hot dog ( no bun ) mac n cheese : sadcloud : give me a physical cumguzzler 420 deep thinks mark ur territory somewhere else , french fry u can keep ur grapes to urself are u gonna join antifa i wanna be a snow leopard same