' i feel this constantly ... you are not alone my friend . :p roud : what would you do ? for me , i would have taken up fashion design instead of graphic design . i would've looked cool all the time , made more friends , and not feel like a doormat in my industry . ... for females , it would be a sexbot that's handsome , plays basketball , plays the guitar , does the cooking and cleaning , and lavishes with compliments . some of these prototypes comes with the no-sex ... well said . as for this device ... well , i have no words . your dog is as cute as hell ! : kitteh : girls like that ? ... really ? : shocked : just hold her hand . if she likes it , then kiss her . a beer or two would also help . good luck ! : happy : i agree . it may sound bad to some people but this is a totally logical solution to this problem . it is a need after all . but i think op is veering towards companionship ? you're cute ! : happy : it's so interesting how your outfit and makeup so contrasts your bedroom . reminds me of a diane arbus photo i hate everybody ... and love everybody . one way to figure this out is find out what pisses you off . certain cognitive systems say that an isfp would be most ticked off by planning . when you say you're organized but don't like schedules , ... cos mark zuckerberg is an a-hole ! ... shit ! ! ! both i think . i tend to switch from very open to very private . it depends on our mood i guess ... honesty is key . be yourself cos eventually he / she will figure out your darkest secrets . mwahahahaha : crazy : i have one . i can say i might never do that again ( the pain , the agony ) . but seriously , you get it , obsess about it over a few weeks then totally forget about it ( especially if its on your back ) . ... top 5 tv shows : mad men , legend of korra , king of the hill , the office ( season 1-5 ) , heroes . top 5 food : pizza , pizza , pizza , pizza , and did i mention pizza ? : crazy : top 5 guilty pleasures : ... whoa ! it's funny how perc conversations can jump to pics of cats with tons of money . i love it ! : tongue : i feel like such a spaz ! of course ! :p roud : yup , the mask and cape is pretty much is charm . just waiting for him to get over his parents ' death though . welcome ! :) we share a common love for batman . i kissed a girl before but i didn't like it . i was drunk . it was fun though in a different way . yesterday , woke up lunchtime . had leftover chilli with white rice ( weird ) for breakfast / lunch . fixed my apartment then got tired . listened to a lot of old party / club music from the 90s . listened to ... i wanna be a billionaire so fucking bad ... i agree ... there must be some logic to intuition . : happy : this kinda creeps me out : tongue : i agree . i feel better when i think everything happens for a reason . even when bad things happen , i still want to believe it's for something better to come . often times though i find it just means it ... yeah ... like sometimes i feel like i know what's going to happen . many times ( and i mean a lot ) i was thinking of someone random , then a few minutes later i run into them . weird ! : happy : whoops ! typo . ... or is it a freudian slip ? do - give me space - want some space for yourself - be honest until your teeth start to grit - realize that we love hugs a lot ! ! ! : happy : don't - want too much space that we don't see each ... it's logical cos there are people in the world and you have to deal with them whether you like them or rather be alone to survive . otherwise , i don't think so . love the color blue too : happy : it's very difficult to fit a book into a movie . gotta give tim burton props for doing it so beautifully . otherwise , we'd all have to wait next december for the second half of the movie . and who ... think his dad is an isfp and mum ... entj ? i think she's definitely an estp ... the competitiveness , sportyness , go-getter attitude , and the hatred for weakness / feelings dare i say no wonder it's one of my favorite movies ... i don't want to make assumptions , so , this is just guessing based on context clues ... infps from what i gather don't usually si on a conscious level ( it's the opposite of their ne cognitive ) . it ... ... i'm sorry ... what ? : confused : at the very least , we'd like to be ... : happy : - looks - the fact that i'm insecure about being insecure about looks - not making a mark in the world to the point that i'd fall into doing things that only fulfill this , then i catch myself and ... i think , but i can't prove it medically , that i've shifted from being an infj to an enfj for the past 7 years . at the beginning of this period in my life , i had just been fresh out of high school and ... lol ... yeah ... : happy : pretty much the same scenario here . but hey , you were curious enough to enter this thread . must be for a reason . your cuddly , warm shadow must be forming . : ninja : ever get these metaphysical theories about why your life is going the way it is ? i mean , for example , ... there were several times i felt like things happened for a reason . about thrice , my school / ... what's with the curiousity if i may ask ? : happy : they called me the black sheep . don't talk to them anymore ! ha ! : crazy : they were cramping my style anyway . : cool : awww , c'mon . it's simple fun ! : crazy : lol ... ok ... : tongue : i think the attraction comes from what said , wanting to be found . we enfjs thrive figuring people out , but not everyone likes that . some people see it as you ... lol ... this might actually work depending on how it's executed : laughing :: shocked : the whole obsessing about details about every thing you do , it's not something an enfj would fall into , we more naturally ni . it sounds more like what my esfj mom does ( their si makes them obsess ... '