' chiptunes are great overall but there's something about lhs that makes their works stand out . adaptation and growth is always needed . evaluating yourself and the situations you happen upon . i didn't write here for generic advice , but to vent . i've stopped dishing out advice unless people ... 27 years old . haven't gotten a single thing right since i turned 20 it feels . wasted 3 years at uni getting a bachelor's in graphic design because i didn't want to work in customer service forever , ... having a viking-athon . the show didn't attract me when it first aired because the characters sounded so much like the different npc's in skyrim , which i felt , at the time , was a trite and near ... a few years ago people thought i looked younger than i was but nowadays i think people would say i look 1-3 years older than i am . haven't asked anyone recently and nobody has ever mentioned it so i ... this one's freaky good . no music can motivate me to do anything if i'm not motivated to begin with . when i am motivated , however , the music being played depends on how i'm feeling at that moment and what i want to do / what ... finished slaughterhouse v today and i really liked it . it was easy to follow and written in a very simple way . can't really say i understand the idea behind the travelling but it did make the story ... it varies with my mood mostly . but music can either numb or energize me seemingly at random . listening to music is like breathing to me . we do it all the time and every now and then you consciously ... this morning while doing some coursework at uni i thought it would be nice to listen to a band i haven't listened to in a good while and came across some new interesting pieces of music by these ... correct ! for yours i guess istj [ / quote ] since you didn't post anything i'll with the previous poster and call infp . thought i'd go through californication season 1-4 again before jumping onto season 5 . been a good while since i watched it last . totalbiscuit ( the cynical brit , john bain ) jesse cox ( formerly omfgcata , jesse cox ) itmejp ( jp mcdaniel ) well .. i don't even know where to being . except that it's quite easy .. maybe .. are we talking about the general public or someone in particular who doesn't like the band ? the only bands i can ... a quick google search resulted in the same thing . [ scene : ross's apartment , ross is watching a show about the extinction of the dinosaurs . ] narrator : when the cretaceous period ended , the ... new to the internet , are we ? / b / , the cesspool . or just 4chan in regular . anything toxic spawns from 4chan most likely , and it's most likely from the random board , which would be called / b / ( the ... forces his or her opinions on others . the thing that comes to mind was when i was a kid going downstairs to my brother's room to get something and turning off the lights and kind of closing the door - but as i went out the door it opened ... been to a few shows , not too many death metal shows ( which blind guardian ain't playin ' anyway ) , but it's easy to notice when things are about to occur . just find a good spot where you can see ... native swede . fluent in english . studied german ( instead of french or spanish ) for three years prior to high school ( as you do in sweden ) , but i don't remember much of what we supposedly learned ... haven't really thought about it that much , to be honest . when it hits netflix i'll definitely give it a look and i'll like it just as much as all the other movies , but i'm not super-into it all so i ... as with many other bands it's hard for me to proclaim only one of their songs as their best , so i'd like to nominate a few of my own favs ( as always , which one comes out on top of the others ... i suppose that kind of music is used while meditating or just relaxing , but stuff like that is usually a stressful trigger for me . i don't know what to expect , what will come next . and i'm not in a ... enfp . that i'm not really that closed off . people just don't ask me any questions . monday doodle - safe for work . is that indie rock ? or maybe alternative rock ? it's not my cup of tea anyway . i'd describe it as boring and uninspiring . 1 ) been introduced to metal quite a few times in my life , the very first ( that i recall ) being when i was 6-7 years old and my brother had borrowed ajfa from one of his friends and i heard both the ... all of them .. ? i recognize myself in all of the descriptions and what one of them gets wrong another one gets right , and so it goes on and on until the circle is complete . last time i did this ... currently going through the walking dead : season two . it's differently paced and doesn't feel as difficult as the first game was , though . estp way too lazy for someone without any real achievements or accomplishments to talk about . just can't seem to get my thumb out of my ass , though . i want to be good at something and i want to be doing ... heard it was supposed to be quite a good show but it never caught my interest , even so after only the pilot . the plot escalated so quickly without really showing anything interesting in-depth . smashing pumpkins have dished out quite a few good songs and this is no exception . a tad melancholic , a tad uplifting . without the slightly more cheerful ending i could definitely see it being used ... myes , it's very common that i get stuck in my work ( creatively ) when it's for an assignment if i don't get reassurance or confirmation that i'm on the right track . lack of positive feedback ( or even ... nah , my memory sucks and i'm probably more scatterbrained than i think or lead people to believe i am . impactful ( on me ) events , both good and bad , are what i can recall most clearly , although ... relating songs to themes or settings is more common for me , instead of applying songs directly to any character or person . hearing a memorable or good song in relation to a movie , game or tv-show ... indeed . 3 movies that really caught me by surprise were horns , sabotage and oculus . i thought sabotage was just another action movie with arnie and a few others , but it was completely different ... one missed call ( not the hollywood version ) . saw it a few months before it was remade in the us and it was the fucking scariest shit i've ever seen . it was the middle of the night around this time of ... realists are preferred , be they villains or heroes . anti-heroes go a long way with a huge variety in morals and values depending on the character , but i imagine most of them are realists . tyrion ... i'll have a look and get back to you with the answers a little later on . thanks ! in the middle of a conversation i can start thinking of things that might appear as far-fetched or just ... hiya ! been here on and off since december but haven't really felt like posting anything until now . mbti , socionics and all these things are interesting to read about and might also be of some ... bump for interest . once upon a time i would most likely have typed this out in a matter of minutes without any hesitation of what information is useful , funny , representative of my personality , utter bullshit or ... it's a few years off , but i do stuff like this all the time . wingish-wavish-ornaments , abstract puddles of air ( wat ) and space languages ( imagine katakana mixed with scandinavian runes and circles ... '