' i was a preteen then so my memories are sketchy but i do remember some things 1 ) i remember discovering the nintendo entertainment system , my dad buying me one , and the both of us taking turns to ... yep ! i envy them for that . i wish i could have been born a little earlier so i could experience all of that with clearer recollection than i do now born in 1983 i feel often like i'm inbetween generations . i identify much more with millienials than i do gen-x'ers most of the time . the times i do , i feel like a grumpy old man telling the kids ... x-men gi joe duck tales darkwing duck talespin aladdin ( the tv show ) mighty max gargoyles how the world seemed to make so much more sense and feel so much stabler back then . it's funny , i was watching the cnn documentary on the 90s that's been coming on sundays and it seems like so much ... after spending well over a decade playing mmos , i've discovered i've forgotten how to really enjoy ... well , any other type really . that isn't to say that i haven't been able too , but i always find ... my wife and i are watching naruto again . i like it , but i greatly prefer the japanese with english subs . she likes watching the dubbed so ... we're watching the dubbed . yes . not proud of it , but some slights can't be forgiven . in that instance i try and shut / doorslam that person ( s ) out as much as i can . i don't like feeling that way , i don't like dealing with ... just logged back in and discover the last post i posted in was back in 2014 . yikes ! anyway ... herr-row ! i understand and agree with what you are saying about learning the values and strengths about other times . the thing is with entps , i tend to have a love / hate relationship with them . i know some in ... i'd just like to say that i can relate to this too . this problem is actually one of my bigger reasons for intensely disliking a lot of entps yep ! i've always been the guy that will be friends with the person no one else wants to be friends with . a lot of it was self-acceptance . i've accepted myself and am happy with myself for who i am at my core and have begun to build around that . i've started doing some things outside of my comfort zone ... enfjs worked well for me and i get along with them fabulously . extps and exfps are definitely my favorites though :) yes you should . when i've been rejected by women , i try very hard to put on confident , easy going exterior in hopes that i don't make the other party feel anymore awkward than they already do . the ... i was hurt a lot when i was a kid ... so i withdrew inward and kept to myself . along the way i made a few friends and after going through a really rough depression discovered it was ok to be me . ... there really isn't much i can add to teddy's post but i did want to comment on a couple of things . it is true that isfjs strongly value the opinions of our friends and loved ones as we often ... unfortunately another person's self-esteemis not something you can bring up by yourself . it sounds to me like she may want to consider seeing a therapist as such a mindset is not at all healthy and ... lets hope she doesn't duck out at the last minute again :p roud : good post ! confidence is still a somewhat new thing to me . i didn't have any at all growing up and went through a very deep depression about 10 years or so ago which resulted in two ... type 2w1 , sx / so instinctual variants :) same here , which is a habit i hate that i have because what usually ends up happening is the other party senses that something is amiss and drags it out of me , which then annoys them that i didn't ... i picked up please understand me ii by david keirsey and scored as isfj . i've also taken several different tests and scored isfj all but twice , where i scored istj :) partially because i'm busy with other things ( real life obligations , etc ) and partially because i may have already said what i wanted to say female : hinata , probably because i can relate to her very well ( i suspect she's an isfj herself ) . i used to have a naruhina avatar when i posted here before . male : a tie between naruto and pain ... quite alright . i had assumed you made that conclusion based on my low post count :D no worries . thank you again for the welcome back , it's much appreciated :) eta : konan , hello to you too , ... as far as i know this is my old account . i just changed my avatar and sig but otherwise ... this was my old one . i mostly lurked and only posted here and there :) hello all , i used to post here some time ago but i think almost a year or so ago i just stopped . stuff happened , got pulled to another forums , all kinds of silliness . anyone , just wanted to say ... esxp ( t's preferably but f's are really nice too ) i've met two estp women and both made want to come out of my shell and chase after them . they bring out the best in me and i love that . hey lady k , i sincerely hope i didn't give you the impression that i was judging you or something . you sound like you do your fair share around the home and it sounds like your parents have no ... happy birthday bossman ! i live in st . augustine . if you're ever up in this area , let me know ! :) i could actually handle a military relationship , because i would know that eventually she'll be home for good . in this particular case , we had no way of changing it and i didn't want to have to keep ... quick , knee-jerk response : your brother is being an ass hat more thoughtful response : usually it's the otherway around ... isfj's are usually the ones giving of themselves to the point of killing ... that's how it usually seems to work out . my first g / f ( who i loved very much ) was an enfj that lived all the way up in canada . that's a bit of distance from this florida boy :( hmm .. wow i think my answer is going to be somewhat different than others here xd i'd like a woman who is strong , confident , very expressive of herself and her feelings , doesn't mind me being all ... i scored 18 , which means i fit the bill . so do i get a t-shirt ? when i am actually at work i am dutiful and hard working ... presuming that what i'm doing has any kind of value . if i get stuck doing something really tedious or brain-dead then i'll have a difficult ... i've been told i'm a good ballroom dancer ( for someone who just picked it up 6 months ago ) so i've found that i enjoy showing it off a bit . otherwise ... no not really . i could see why isfj females might detest that sterotype . i will say though , as a guy , i do hope to be a family man one of these days . i'd love to have a wife and a daughter i can spoil rotten >8) just requoting as i simply could not have said it any better myself . also , i'm exactly the same way about my being punctual . i'm usualy 10-15 minutes early to wherever it is i need to be and it ... just requoting this because it's how i feel . couldn't have said it better . hrm ... not to nitpick , but what kind of happiness are we talking about here ? like a gentle state of contentment ? romantically wistful ? utterly endearing ? to try and answer your question from the ... not at all , no . i will say though that like lady k i don't 100 % fit the general description of being an isfj . for example , i * love * ballroom dancing ! i love going out and dancing , performing for ... believe it or not i'm usually the one doing the pursuing , though i will say it's probably very different from most types . usually when i'm interested in a woman i show a very noticeable interest in ... this should be an interesting thread : cool : i would appeal to his sense of duty and his commitment and desire to be with his family . assuming that his boss is really an isfj , then that will stick with him . i concur , you guys are truly a great match for us sj's . you guys and ladies refuse to let me dwell in my comfort zone and instead continue to push , encourage , and inspire me to come out and ... + 1 . i always thought we were a fairly simple bunch to understand . as for me , i only know a few people who sound like enfp's and they're cool people . we're not close friends or anything but they ... + 10 , i am the exact same way ! at my work place , i'm often assigned the cleaning jobs as ( apparently ) i do a good job of doing them ... but at my apartment , it's so hard to motivate me to straighten ... '