' i don't intentionally flirt , however i have noticed that some women think i am , and therefore they tend to start flirting back . i think a lot of it is just the istp charms at play . been a while ... know what you mean . do androids dream of electric sheep ? ~ philip k dick i wonder how some people get a driving licence i could do folding the laundry etc , as for the other 2 , well hopefully ;) ugh , stop going on about the same thing . starting to drive me nuts ffs . * eats all cookies * the chain in those handcuffs is high-tensile steel . it'd take you ten minutes to hack through it with this . now , if you're lucky , you could hack through your ankle in five minutes . go . exactly . this might help , the enneagram blogspot : type 6 : security-seeker independant yes , but also making sure things are done to how i like them done , bills paid on time etc . i would never let anyone else but me have control over my money and so forth . also to add , i am very sceptical of things , like religion , people and so forth . but yet loyal to those i care about . being in control of things , my house lol , and ironically , being liked by others . it manifests in the form of mood swings , or i'll fidget , so externally . i like to feel secure / comfortable , but yet can be insecure and seem nervous sometimes , but also need stimulation , and the 7wing makes me a bit more sociable / playful than say a 6w5 . if it's something important , like a job interview for example , i will do a bit of research into the company , however i dont actually prepare what im going to say in an interview , i will just go with ...  yep . you get excitied , when you see someone taking delivery of an old austin healey , ( looked like a barn find , covered in dust , algae growing in places and rusty chrome ) , and you want it , so you can ... its slutty good . pepperoni , chilli beef , red onions , and jalepenos . ( together ) making bacon sandwiches for lunch i really do wonder at times , how people can be so gullible . xnfj's , isfp , enfp ( in no order ) , i've yet to meet an xsfj that doesnt nag too much ... ( and yes , i know they mean well ) good luck ! guilty of your first point , so much so , it actually winds me up at times ( get frustrated at myself for reacting that way ) . also have noticed your second point , and personally think you ( enfj's ) are a ... especially if food is involved . lol . it would appear my tablet is fucked i spat coffee . pretty fucking spot . especially the loyalty part . as loyalty can be my weakness . i actually saw a bmw driver use his indicators . whilst parked illegally . its audi and bmw twats here in the uk . unimpressed 553074 bollocks , i've never once started a fight in my life . but never backed down if someone else has started one . i'll take a look . cheers vinnie . i find the new stuff weak . this , minus the piss me off . possibly could be . thats true . stop outsmarting me :p suppose it's not hard though ... well it is where your concerened ;) this maturity comes with experience imo . my maturity depends on who i am with , and the situation in hand . also , when people get older , they become more like children again ( i'm talking like 70 ' s , 80 ' s ... i need a coffee machine . i didn't know intj's had hearts . what to have for breakfast . i can get along with them perfectly well , they can just drive me crazy when they don't shut up / strive to be centre of attention , they need a pause button . i try to keep things tidy . but sometimes it falls by the wayside . but as previously mentioned , pictures askew on walls can irritate me , i find i have to straighten them . i seem to spot it straight ... i've also found with one i know , just having a different opinion displeases them . especially if you point out that there is no fluidity to their argument . yep lol . some people are just so concerened about where they are going , and getting there as quick as possible ( probably because they've left it to the last minute ) , they tend to neglect the basics . well yeah , but really , if your not paying attention to whats going on around you and whatnot , then you shouldnt be driving really lol . but all of what you said comes naturally to me without having to ... '