' yeah , i'm a total hufflepuff-in-denial who voted ravenclaw . spot on , daisychain . listwise answer : quiet and thoughtful ( nope , i was a chatterbox . that only changed after childhood trauma . ) very practical and realistic ( yes , and i still am . ) they need stability and ... yeah , basically . it blends a lot of genre elements , though . i saw the first three episodes of the uk one and the first season of the us one . i just ended up watching more of the us one because ... leelawho , twilight zone is in my top five for shows . really great . i haven't seen doctor who ( keep meaning to check it out ) , but what about a show like misfits or being human ? i like those a lot ... is that related to type ? two of my favorite books are ender's game and the time machine . thank you ! and yeah , it was really tough , but luckily my older brother ( and landlord : tongue :) are very understanding and worked with me . i love what i do and where i am , so i couldn't see myself ... rave : i don't have to turn in my istj card : happy : rave : my job hasn't paid me for two and a half months so things have been crazy tough , but the grant that i'm going to be paid from finally came ... how so ? and i just meant in general for pointing out whether he was more n or s . when i was having trouble because i kept testing intj , that test cleared stuff up for me and helped me realize ... when even posting on the forum seems too overwhelming / draining . yeah , i love that game . the gc version was the best one . i used to spend way too much time trying to fill up my museum and alternating that with bullying animal residents i didn't like ( bubbles ... f , by far . they balance me out . rant : my tablet can't upgrade to ice cream sandwich yet . why does the uk get to go first ? ? ? : frustrating : rave : i like the word juke . it's fun to say : happy : rant : it feels like hell's kitchen ... cold fingers so who are you ? : happy : thank you ! and yes , exactly . i've also always wondered to what extent mental illness / distress could change someone's results . be interesting to see if someone did a study on that . yeah , those ... thanks :) well , first i've never really felt like the istj descriptions applied to me , for the most part . reading them , i felt like they really only got it half right . that always made me wonder if ... i lol'ed : laughing : the asus transformer ( eee pad ) ? ? ? i want that one too ! it seems really cool . when my job finally pays me , i might get that one and give my brother my galaxy . asus is quickly ... sure . i just thought it was too long / detailed / not what you asked for since everyone else put short answers . also , it's not as deep as i wanted it to be . it's basically just a description of me based ... edit : never mind . ah okay , great . i had felt so sure i was right this time and then reading that wikipedia article put that right back in doubt lol . thanks for the clarification , your help is very much appreciated ... in social situations , my internal monologue sounds very similar to the one in the strip because i suffer from social anxiety . when i'm just at home alone , my internal monologue is focused on how ... this was really helpful and informative . like others have said , spot on with the 6 definition ! that's so me lol . this article has also helped me realize that i had my other two types in the wrong ... i picked pacifist , academist , and culturist . they're like the perfect unification of the social scientist and social worker in me . edit : had a rough time choosing between pacifist and liberalist , ... rant / rave depending on outcome : type crisis thanks to my enfj best friend . i've been having these same suspicions myself , but she just saw through all my bs rationalizations and made me confront it ... rant : i can't sleep and i have to be up in four hours . i can't stand having to force my sleep schedule to fit the normal daytime thing . rant : my apathy is killing me . i really want to explain to ... me too :) i hang out with guys mostly . i have nothing in common with most females and they tend to talk too much about things i don't care about . growing up as one of the guys did not help this ... no , i have the 10.1 . it has similar dimensions to the ipad , but is a primarily landscape tablet , which i prefer . yeah , i admire your willpower lol . my tablet actually was an impulse buy , but i ... same idea , except i use a samsung galaxy tab . my entire life is coordinated through my tablet . i do everything on it except work . if it could run spss and office , i would have no use for a laptop . no worries ! : happy : thanks for always spreading cheer throughout the forum ! : kitteh : i don't like either , tbh : tongue : it takes me a while to fall asleep too , usually because i keep thinking about things before i fall asleep . even when i'm dead tired , it still takes me a good while to fall asleep . i'd estimate that ... welcome to our club , noirell ! see you around the forums ! :p roud : dear intj , it's becoming increasingly clear to me that we just cannot be friends anymore . ah well , we had a good run . have a good life with your asshole boyfriend . you deserve each other : happy : ... when your mentor / boss is trying to tell you an emotional story about problems he's having with his mom and you keep steering the conversation back towards the work you came in to do instead . i didn't ... awwright ! congrats dude ! :p roud : haha , who do you have in mind ? yeah , i'm not too much of a thread-starter myself . plus this forum is kinda constraining at times b / c the focus is just on personality theory . true dat . make some good threads for us , then : tongue : i'm pooping right now , browsing perc . / like a boss : tongue : nah , but i , like you , have to have something to read so i always have my tablet , phone , or a book . lights and stuff doesn't matter . i ... what's up ? welcome to perc , it's good to have you here ! see you around the istj forum : happy : what's the difference ? : tongue : thanks ! feels way more ... me . : happy : i didn't really have one . i was a nerd in the sense that i was in honors and ap classes and in the top tenth of my class , but i didn't really take school as seriously as the nerds did and i didn't ... welcome to perc , fellow istj-who-sometimes-leans-p ! : tongue : hope you enjoy it ! see you around : happy : lmao ! ... jobs . the brutes , man , the brutes . : crying : but that's a video game . as a kid , i was scared of everything , but as far as movies go , nothing really scares me anymore . i find certain things creepy for a ... a deer , a female deer . : tongue : only once , really . i used to test as an intj ( no idea how ) but i was typed istj here and learning about the cognitive functions confirmed this . why do you wish you were intp ? rant : i don't think i was meant to be a morning person . mornings are a crapshoot for me . either i'll end up super tired and not able to do anything or i'll end up too keyed up and thinking a thousand ... yay ! congrats ! :p roud : shyamalan . jeans . '