thanks for sharing this .. i think i'm similar . it takes me ages to find someone new also , so when i'm in the wrong relationships . i end up making a mess of it staying in them and trying to make it ... i've done a lot of things i regret , but i've apologised for my mistakes and i wont be making them again . the mistakes i made usually happened when i was depressed and i did these things whilst being ... thank you all for your help . hope you're all well . i'm much happier and my son is happier . that's all that matters :) xxx anyone ? ? i broke up with him because i couldn't handle him going away and out too much it was really upsetting me . i kept finishing it when he went away because i was terrified and i couldn't trust him ... hi sorry to keep going on but .. i my ex has been in touch and now he's starting to put me down . he sent me this ... now is this manipulative behaviour ? ? ? ... hi kim , i thought i ... morning ! ! :) i'm taking an anxiety course at present and they say how you should balance out the negative with the positive . obviously being an unhealthy / average personality type i've managed to get ... that was a brilliant post thank you and you're right , time to stop worrying so much and start thinking more positively :) youre right .. easier said than done though . i've got to stop worrying about things that are out of my control and learn to trust myself .. hey thanks :) what do you mean by naked bodies etc ? i'm trying to get back out there , talking to people , being more open , trying to get more work .. being a single mum , its hard being able to afford to ... i like your shoe it may sound stupid , but i don't know much about it and i couldn't find any more on the matter apart from how types in a relationship would be etc . but i'm a self-pres type . can extroverts be a ... i think my bestfriend's an isfp . i get along with extroverts really well , but only one on one . i hate it when your extrovert friend leaves you to go an socialise with someone else .. my introvert ... getting irritated and moody when you've spent too much time socialising . i never tire from being with the person i love though . i get bored of films easily and have to put music on or i sneak my way ... even though you have those trust issues with your husband , you can get through them because of him . yes you did make the right decision .. i think when you feel ( deep down ) that you're not happy about ... of course ! i don't know about you , but being a type 6 i feel loads better talking things out . i believe people do need to compromise in a relationship , but there are certain things you cant ... i can see how upsetting it is for you that you feel he's changing himself to help you .. the fact he's doing it on his own accord shows you he really does love you and puts you first above all of his ... it sounds like you've always had that trust there , but your ex broke that trust .. i haven't ever been able to trust my boyfriends . at first , in the first stage of the relationship , i am very ... i'm glad you said that and i'm glad you've found someone you can trust . what did your ex do that made you less healthy ? if you don't mind me asking of course ? i'm just seeing if it was similar to ... i saw that video yesterday and thought it was cleverly done . ah i see where you're coming from with worrying about becoming too rigid . are you unhealthy ? or more middle ? yeah i guess you're right ... sorry to write again ... but also i feel a lot more confident and together when i'm out of the relationship . so maybe being with the wrong person for me , pushes me into the unhealthy state ? perhaps ... when we are still stuck in the place of where the risk seems too great then we can't become different . by this ... ... say i'm in a relationship with someone , then fear of them leaving me for someone ... yeah i believe its probably the same thing .. not thinking or feeling good enough .. what steps should be taken ... how can you learn to trust yourself ? ? doing things for yourself ? improving your strengths and working on weaknesses ? i'm assuming you must work on yourself before you ... so what does it mean by being loyal ? being trusting of others ? how can you build up trust towards others ? i trust my family with all my heart .. and i trust my friends whom i've known for years . how ... that was absolutely spot on , thank you . i know my biggest problem is trusting others . being single again , i'm going to go out with friends and meet new people , and when i do finally meet another ... thank you so much :) does anyone have any advice to help me work on myself and become more healthy ? i'm guessing this is a huge part of why i struggle massively in relationships . however , being a type 6 , i seek security ... ah really ! ! ! thanks for your post .. i don't know , but what i don't understand is why istjs are compatible with esfps . i can understand short-term but long-term i just cant stand them being late , and have to be out all the time and i ... ok i'm starting to worry i may never find someone to love or who loves me ! ! ! aww that's lovely :) .. you sound really happy :) i know right ! ? ! ? thank god i got out of it , i could have been waiting for him to settle for years and wasted my time . he's a big baby , he came to ... also my ex was 35 .. you would have thought a 35 year old would be settling down by now ! ? ! ? ! anyway i guess i better move on and stop dwelling on it . what is your istj girlfriend like then ? thanks outofammo . i'm truly happy for you that you've found someone you can relate to and that you are happy . yeah i mentioned earlier that i had a relationship with another istj when i was 19 . it ... so why arent i meeting the right people ! ! ! ( sorry to shout ) lol i have to work with my ex .. we he works at the same place and i will be seeing him .. i'm a bit nervous about it ha i absolutely cannot stand loud sudden noises . my parents have a dog that barks all the time and it drives everyone crazy . i also hate people talking to me when i'm in my zone , concentrating on ... i completely agree here . my first boyfriend was an istj also .. no drama , just a normal person .. the only problem with him is i met him too young so we were both immature . he always wanted to be ... thank you :) you totally cheered me up :) im26 and i have a son also so its difficult being a single parent . i really want to settle down and felt like i cant waste time with men that want to do what ... hey thanks for the reply , its good for me to talk about things so i can get my head around them .. i guess perhaps him being late all the time , being carefree and being all over the place , making ... i'm feeling pretty gutted that another relationship has failed . it had been very rocky throughout the relationship and there were things my ex did that i wasn't comfortable with . for example he is ... sounds like my other half ! ! ! lol he's usually late for work or late coming home because someone else is needing his attention or help something lol lovely man couldn't ask for anyone better . type 1 perfectionism 50 % type 2 helpfulness 26 % hi there , if i'm honest i'm a very insecure person and i guess i just wanted to know what his personality was for a bit of closure and understanding of how he handles situations etc . we fight often ... hi again , i dont think my other half really likes attention as youre describing your esfp friend . he tends to get other people involved in the action and does get them drinking etc and doing ... wow now im freaking out that my partners an esfp .. i dont have a clue which one he is ... and he wont take a test because they take too long to do .. if he says to me he wants to make future plans ... i'm just a really nice guy , ... wow this is how my brain works , there's too much going on in it sometimes that i just have to blurt it all out hi thanks for the comment . my other half is very fun to be with . so i am pretty sure he is an esfp . everyone says he's more like a boy that isn't settling down . he is very caring and puts others ... hi thanks for your help . i still wouldn't have a clue what he is , but never-the-less i have given up ... for now esfjs are such caring individuals , that they sometimes have a hard time seeing or accepting a difficult truth about someone they care about . this is what i meant about how he wouldn't accept the ...