amy - intp , karma - enfp , lauren - estj , liam - esfp , shane - esfj i notice many enfps that are super popular . but ( usually ... or so it appears ) unintentionally so ... they seem to garner worship with their charm , bubbly nature , cute quirkiness and niceness . congrats mikey ! you two make an adorable couple : blush : jay - istp gloria - esfx manny - enfx ( he seems like an extrovert who didn't come to his own yet ) mitchell - ixtj cam - exfx claire - esxj phil - xsfp luke - isxp haley - esfp alex - inxj emily thorne : infx ( i don't think a t , esp . an intj could be arsed to revenge something from way back . em's mission and decisions seem very fi-driven ... also si . fi-si loop ? is there such a thing ? ... yeah , i don't understand it either . how can the dating process possibly be fun - it's all about uncertainty , awkwardness , small talk and pretense ( as both parties are trying to look their best ) . wish ... congrats mikey ! do update us with the whole story once you get a chance , would love to hear it ! anybody here watch ' the following ' ? since i am hooked on it , i wanted to speculate on what the mbti's of the main characters of the show might be . here's what i think : ryan hardy ( kevin bacon ) - ... currently : doors of perception + heaven and hell by aldous huxley inferno by dan brown hard-boiled wonderland and the end of the world by haruki murakami anna karenina by leo tolstoy mrs ... this . you answered your own question dude . hope you have better luck in the real world . i second that aquarian . mikey ? don't know if any of you watch a tlc show sister wives , but i gotta admit i'm a bit hooked , so i'd like to see what you , who do watch it , think - what their mbti types are . my take : kody brown - ... welcome ! :) what the other posters said pretty much - leave it alone . she's either feeling guilty for what she did to you and is trying to appologize , which she now did and that's done . the remaining guilt is ... welcome to percaf ! entjs <3 no , i probably would not leave a guy hanging , esp . if i liked him and wanted to persue a relationship with him . i would communicate at least * something * . i would leave him hanging if i was unsure ... aaaand the thread is officially derailed . bigtime . :d ry : just read ' the count of monte cristo ' , nothing special , but not bad either . i'm also reading ' hard times ' by dickens which is pretty decent + slugging through ' a new earth ' by eckhart tolle ( not ... currently love burberry's ' body ' 61176 also quite fond of gucci ' rush 2 ' , gucci ' envy me ' , j . lo ' glow ' & sjp's ' lovely ' currently love burberry's ' body ' 61176 also quite fond of gucci ' rush 2 ' , gucci ' envy me ' , j . lo ' glow ' & sjp's ' lovely ' i liked the show a lot , too bad it ended . i looked , didn't find anything , but if there's a similar thread or if posted in the wrong section , i appologize and encourage the moderator to move the thread . can't believe there are no fans yet typing the show characters ... but anyway , here are my two cents , i'd like to hear yours : rodrigo borgia , pope alexander vi ( jeremy irons ) - entj cesare borgia ... archeology + biological anthropology the name of the rose by umberto eco + the power of now by tolle , just got done with 1984 by orwell , excellent read ! i love the show , don't really know any nts who don't like it actually . i'll repeat , since you apparently missed it the first time : love , or rather mature love , is based on mutual understanding and compatibility , not constant self-sacrifice . you have nothing to give if ... why would you put anyones needs before your own ? that's just ridiculous . to equate love with such an infantile concept of self-sacrifice is to degrade the nature of what love is . you can hardly be ...