' mmhhh ... based on pure sadism , i tortured a few spiders . one example was that i injured one so severely so i could feed him to the ants . i always observed ants ( and still do because ants are ... i shouldn't do it because honestly , most people probably aren't interested in / don't know about mbti . it's a small minority that's interested by it , making it superfluous information . unless you're an infj dog . i've been severely depressed for years , thank god i found the inner strength to overcome it . but it have been physical and mental . physically i was fat and constantly sick . ( lactose intolerance ... a box of chocolate ... ... i brought for myself balancing your personal self is quite a hard thing , for me staying in balance is rather easy as ni / fe dom / aux that just senses people , but getting in balance is the hard thing . in the past i found ... absolutely . whenever i feel like a stranger is bad news ( or generally dislike them ) is around me i freeze and fade in the background . no bit of emotion or whatsoever is visible from me then . i ... well , not to be a dick , but it's kinda hard to judge with just a . in the description . childish ? probably not , true to themselves and striving to live the life they want , preference to living over working , and there's nothing wrong with that if you ask me . what use does working and ... 1 . strength - i would think my decisions through , and would push laws through that are beneficial for the majority , even if it is not beneficial for me as person . i'd let corrupt leaders be executed , ... envy is a very passive emotion what is self-destructive . you hurt yourself , and can hurt others with that emotion , and it can stagnate your progression in life . let's say , someone obese envies a ... honestly i do not regret anything , as what i gave up and pursued contributed to who and where i am ; and i am happy with where i am , maybe i have some form of regret that i gave up on chess when i was ... honestly , if you think you are an infj , you are an infj . one small detail won't change that . i don't fit in with a few major infj stereotypical things , but still i am one ( who appears a lot like an ... i get along with nearly everyone under the only condition they're friendly to me and respect my values . but it doesn't mean i like them . most people i get along with are people i don't like ... physics . i'm absolutely horribad at that . i'm just very bad at using logic . first i was like sure , why not until i realized facecam was involved . i'm sorry man , but that's the biggest deterrent for me =P depends . either a fiery volcano of destruction , or so cold i freeze everything i come in touch with ... and everything in between . most often i find myself being cold and cool , when i actually ... whenever i'm eating and sleeping . well , i am a real night person , but equally as much a very early morning person . let's say 1 am - 6 am is my kind of time when the entire world is silent , and ... recently i've let my ex fall . we had a relation from may to december , i knew my ex was depressed severely , but i couldn't deal with it as he became toxic towards me . i know i probably let someone ... i can say from my 16th to now ( 19 ) i've turned in a completely different person . my personality was strongly influenced by a crippling depression that destroyed me for years , so that probably have a ... that i am not and do not think i am a special snowflake many of police officers don't do the job to be in power and fuck everyone up , even through the police have that reputation . they're human and their ambition was to catch criminals , reality hit them ... not easily angered , but when angered i can be a very destructive person . i judge people on intuition at first sight ( and i am very judgmental on that part ) . when i see someone , i instantly get a feeling i act upon . there are enough people when i see them i instantly get ... 1 - scotland isn't a country 8 - a lot of great stuff comes from japan 9 - i love italy . 5 - don't know much about it 7 - beautiful country 7 - beautiful country italy , belgium , canada , new ... very accurate . my father is an istj . our dominant functions can be like poison to each other at times . we do not connect cognitively in any way . even through we are very close and care deeply for ... i'll learn the german language asap . or just move to my home country , to the netherlands . or both . ohmigod ! seems i'm not the only one with plush animals . i still sleep with a pokemon plushie ( houndoom ) , got mutliple dog plushies ( rover and the rest are nameless ) , a massive lion ( shiva ) and a ... i had a very rough childhood and puberty . i've seen many deaths , been bullied , lived in a dysfunctional home , was often around addicts , got betrayed , lost nearly everyone i cared about , dropped out ... major difference between me and that estp was that i stated i dislike someone based on four letters ; whilst she was personally attacking me . if someone states they dislike me that's fine ; but don't ... life has it's hardships obviously , but i found peace with it . why would i concern myself with all the problems in the world ? obviously i think about it , but it won't bother me at all anymore . life ... nothing at all . i might buy myself and my parents a nice house , a nice car ... but from that my life will be the same . i continue my study . maybe get a second dog . i'm very satisfied with my life , ... undersure - i double and triple check every step i take in life , and preferably let others check it too . satisficer - i'm a minimalist from nature . i don't need much to be happy in life , and i ... i didn't plan to respond to this , but i take the bait . like zosio 913 stated ; i have opinions about people based off of natural differences ≠ i'm a crazy person who thinks the world is out to ... agreed . nf's are generally great people . i can't talk of enfj as i've never known one . quite a shame as they are pretty incredible people . i see what you mean with t and f . the way i judge people is ... and here , we see the estp outside of their natural habitat making an example of themself ; perfectly expressing all what i struggle with with the estp in two sentences . thank you for your ... hello fellow infjs ! i was wondering what types you guys get most along and least with from personal experiences . i'm very curious to see how similiar your opinions are to mine . for myself i would ... i consider myself as a mirror ; you get exactly what you are from me . if you are a truly selfless person , so am i . if you are a nasty person , so am i . mostly with unfriendly people i sense it from ... hey , i just met you , and this is crazy , you smell like bad news , get away from me , maybe . as an european i was afraid of h . clinton winning . that would have been another cold war . no , not a world war because these won't happen anymore . most inaccurate : special snowflakism most accurate : infjs sense the world different than most people . ^ sounds contradictory af tho . my vote goes for wolf . generally misunderstood beings who are very mysterious . they stay that even when they trust someone completely , which rarely happens . excellent ability to sense the ... what's fall ? oh you mean autumn :D spring and summer . loved always in the past autumn and winter . they feed me , give me love and care for me , they must be god - dog they feed me , give me love and care for me , i must be god - cat i was for over 12 years a cat person , owned one from when i ... my believes . i loved to pee from slides because i loved how the gravity pulled the urine down . ( i loved to play with water , and that was a kind of playing with water .. ) ... the agony of the one who slided from ... yep i do have one . he's a complete opposite of the main me . he's hyperactive , childish , extravert , impulsive and non serious . he's my inner child i never ever wanna get rid of . happiness and fulfillment . i want to be alone . i don't want the negative burdens of a love life . i rather make career and be completely unbound and free . i will have pets and good friends who will love me , that's enough love ... '