justaddallofthem i'm really glad you enjoyed this ! add me on skype so we can get this party started ! jetplane 48 , and if you guys enjoyed that , you will enjoy watching ernie and i interact . he is an istp . let me know ... it was always a pleasure to have you :) trust me , i am very much an estp ( at least i think so , otherwise , what would i be lol ) i want to have you on a call scarlet ! you mean cool as fuck ? ... thank you drunk parrot for doing this interview with me ! it was fun seeing an entp / estp interact . he is so / sx while i am sx / sp and he says i am 3w7 while he is 7w8 . what do you guys think about this ? ... thanks for chatting with us susan :D we appreciated your 8w9 - ness ! thanks again steph ! it was super awesome seeing a much more , relaxed and chiller enfj compared to kevin and susan ! thanks ... add me on skype and let's get to interviewing : jetplane 48 1.thats what the point of the interview is , to get to know each other . 2 . i can respect that 3.learning more about mbti in ways you ... sent you a pm ;) definitely ! add me on skype : jetplane 48 wooo ! add me on skype : jetplane 48 you're not far from the truth ... i am almost losing interest but it's still entertaining to do ... thanks raz 333 for joining me in real life for this ! what do you guys think of estp-isfj friendships ? are they as cool as you thought ? if you want to join me on skype for interviews , add me : ... thanks devsmess for joining me today for a chill talk ! here is the video and if anyone else wants to talk to her or get involved in a big group , message me on here or add me on skype : jetplane 48 ... sorry , skype is the best platform for me to use :( i did find an enfp ! her name is gardenia please warm up to me then ahha ! i'm a very chill person to get to know , trust me ! i'm not ... i added you ! thanks for looking out ! yeah eggsies get with the program ! also , thanks robert 2928 for this additional interview with a bunch of other people ! if you guys are interested in ... trust guys ! i'm a very fun person to talk to ! thanks for joining us again nico , you've been super fucking awesome with your answers . how can i get them to come out and join me ahhaa ... yeah i did ! infj is a fun subforum to browse :) you're actually right ! i have to keep doing something otherwise i get pretty bored haha :P also , thanks for joining us in this chat ... thanks nicoloco 90 for doing this interview with me ! anyone else want to get on board and talk about life ? add me on skype : jetplane 48 or message me here if you have any questions ! thanks alot for doing this video with us robert 2928 . anyone else interested in doing a video with robert and i over skype ? let me know ! add me on skype and lets get this started ! jetplane 48 also , thanks zinerva for doing this interview with me ! any other isfps want to join in on the fun ? ... thanks for doing the video veggie ! any other infjs want to talk to veggie on skype with me ? my skype is jetplane 48 i'll see you soon :D thanks stranger ! well if you and i eventually skype , i will keep my shirt on hahaha , but add me on skype ! i would love to do a duo intp interview with you and don ! well , you are probably right about them not trusting me but either way , i'm gonna get my name out there . actually , i think its an estp thing . i've always been the interviewer but i absolutely ... i fucked up lol . either way , i the interview with siggy should be up later today ! don wanna talk to intj next time ? how about this then . i've talked with intjs before , i feel like i can be a catalyst to you in terms of trying to find good topics to discuss . don't be so conservative , try to explore topics with me , ... hell yeah ! add me on skype : jetplane 48 and why do you say you're an odd one ? thank you ! want to try it out with me ? here is a video is did with perc member mysa earlier today ! afraid of a little flesh ;) thank you so much ! ! ! i am totally looking forward to meeting you :D maybe in the future , you'll have a change of heart :) would totally love to have you on board ! check out the other infjs i've talked to ! ... thanks for doing this don ! your interviews are up ! here are the ones thus far ! thanks again :D  ... have a good one :) i have , but it goes unnoticed as spam or something like that . i guess no one really cares there haha yay ! ! add me on skype ! jetplane 48 yay ! ! ! add me on skype : jetplane 48 and lets get this party started ! ! add me on skype ! :D jetplane 48 hello enfjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello infps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello infjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello entps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello entjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello intps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello intjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello estps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello isfps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello istps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello esfjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello estjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello isfjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello istjs , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... hello enfps , i am an estp and i'm looking to interview you ! i really want to get to know your type via this interactions . i have a a bunch of other videos up but these are they usually turn out : ... omg why ! ! ! wanna see how estp / infj conversation goes ? heres one : 