' can you change my name to be stepford smiler ? thank you . :D may i answer ? may is my answer . ( personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? : loststalker --> my current username . * male / female / trans ? : female location - where were you originally born ? where do you live today ? ... when in free class , you run to library . when i was child , everytime my sister and i fought our mom told us to sleep . when we woke up , we forgot that we had fought before . when i'm depressed about small thing ( that i know actually ... i had a dream : i crossed a road . i didn't notice that a big truck was passing . that truck hit me . i woke up . realized that it's only dream . then i went to school . i sat on a rock in the corner of ... i often suspect on anyone go closer to me . but then i said to myself they didn't mean to romance . but when they're serious to be my boyfriend , they always overreacting bluntly . making not just me , ... the wax museum . i couldn't stand seeing strawberry-jammed bread for a week after i saw the character's lips being glued and then ripped again by another character . i can remember that week that ... i just believe that there is a divine brain behind every event that occurs in the world . from how our solar system exist , the various personality between people , until the percentage of oxygen we ... my least faves : economics and chemistry . only because i'm not good enough at detailed counting , though . * i am socially awkward . it's hard for me to find a topic to talk with strangers though that's me who daring to start the conversation first . * i am often a loser in debate . i can't think logic ... try pandora hearts . it's plot is really awesomely difficult to predict ( at least in manga ) :D maybe she just doesn't have any other friend . just introduce her to your other friends . if you hang out with her , then invite at least one friend to accompany you . make sure your clingy friend and ... dear treebob please make my name become loststalker . since my recent usename contains my real name . thank you . my faves : history , arts , any languages and literatures ( in my school there are english , indonesia , deutsch , and javanese ) , geography , and biology . :D conclusion : i love any culture and nature ... '