' hehe , well thats what i was trying to say earlier on , it may fluctuate , just don't get too fixed on it just yet , take some time to explore . myself actually . i have a legendary ability to beat myself and give myself critical internal dialogue , and not tolerate myself when i most need to . plitvice national park , croatia - unedited image - natural minerals in the water give it its hue . ... ace face has got this . i think video games but i haven't touched them in a while . welcome to the forums . i don't really relate to what you are saying , but i hope you find the support you are looking for . also if you are dealing with addictions or whatever , i cannot tell ... george lucas constantly crapping up the old trilogy every few years with additional crap . you are awesomesauce type it's ok i find it interesting you are able to break down your thought processes like this . i actually like reading it for some reason . all i can say is just wait and see how it goes . don't try to ... i wonder if it's an american thing because i run into similar issues like this only with americans . and sometimes the british . yes . yes yes yes . yes . yep . some people here are as cuckoo as the zodiac nuts . oh i just met a taurus man . i think i am in love ... i am a virgo you see ? so i have to be in love ! ! ! ... this actually made me laugh a bit . just a bit =P well more like laughing at my own past idiocy . they're fulla shit . sure they are ' dating ' , but its probably to put pictures on facebook to feel better about themselves . don't let the apparent ' kool kids ' get to you . how old are you ? i mean like when you were an undeveloped boundaryless enfp . so i was sitting down and counting the amount of money that i have lent and given or stupidly trusted with / to people so far , never to ... actually , ironically in doing this , depending on how you told her this , i think you probably raised your chances with her . provided she is a normalish girl anyway ... oooh ace face this is good application of my methods but would you like me to write you advice over pm on how to apply the lolerskater approach better ? its hard to see from the first image - the second image doesn't have a piercing at all . but if you went to an actual wikipedia article , the donation banner with her picture , there appears to be a ... 27740 27741 whats the fi part ? can help me out and point out where i exactly you perceived me te-ing and where i was fi-ing etc because i am not sure if i still understand these mbti aspects xd ... thanks . also ... just a question , this may sound silly but its a serious question ... since i am new to this mbti stuff , was what i was doing in this thread te ? ? ? i mean in writing an ... being enfp or whatever simply shows what we are more likely to do , the kind of processes we use etc . but to completely dismiss that others are not capable of things we are as well is absurd ? like ... are you people seriously trying to convince me that other types do not have days where they feel everyone is the same or just boring and become cynical at humanity in general ? or that they are ... what do you mean ? damn she is so hot ! and probably nerdy . i mean 18000 edits omg ... probably all harry potter stuff . which is great ! she also seems to have a lip piercing ... nice ! but she wants my money even ... but is this an enfp thing only ? i am pretty sure everyone feels this way sometimes no ? don't you think so ? actually , nevermind - i kept thinking something else and got mixed up . nafatali you know i just read the post again and i have been staring at the computer screen . because i think i am asking the wrong question . i think the te is there , i just have trouble ... saffron nafatali how did you develop your t ? i am new to this stuff , so i am still working on myself ... but i was always seen as immoral and got judged a lot . it hurt me a lot because in my head i saw it as i hated the sin , but i was ok with ... but what if i end up getting bored and not finishing the project and then beating myself up over it ? xd well then , good luck and keep us updated ! all the answers you are going to get are from people who at the end of the day will also freak out just like you are if they were in a situation where they were attracted to someone or believe they ... thanks you are very brave i used to be like that when i was younger but now it choose when to show it . hmm . i must say ... it takes a lot to make me speechless and .. uh yea what's a southern belle ? what's the context ? i am not american ... it appears to be an american term . someone ? anyone ? explain please ? what is a southern belle ? i googled the images and read it on wiki and i must say i am confused ? about the context . hmm . that is like saying you won't date someone because you don't like the parents ! ! ! do you wanna date my avatar ? for the first question the differences don't even occur to me , its either i like or click with the person or i don't . for the second question it depends how badly i need money . i'm a whore like ... oh dear ... lol i just dropped by to say hello again . i hope you are all good . a lot of things have happened over the past weekend that made me grow as a person . i just wanted to say thank you . i read somewhere ... arts and humanities are used interchangeably in many / different parts of the world but then again australia has a hows it going ? culture anyway where they make small talk so most of the time it's not like i have a choice but to respond ! ! ! i am sorry i just could not ask you intelligent , intellectual questions if you did not know much about megatron to begin with ! especially since he is typed as an intj ! ! ! hey whats up ? i am sorry ! ! ! i did not mean to offend you ! i did not mean to use ' the ' twice before ' calcium hydroxylapatite ' ! ! ! i will try my best to check my grammar and spelling etc . no when you bring in context he is is still correct . intj women have bones , and the the calcium hydroxylapatite part of the bone is dry . that does not mean intj women are dry ? or does it ? so if a pie ... '