' i like to try to come across as funny , quirky , intelligent and different . i do end up projecting self-concious and non-threatening though , which i guess is my subconscious way to try to be likeable ... hello , i'm returning to perc ! my last post was maybe three years ago ! interested to see what's new , discuss current topics and learn a bit more about myself . : kitteh : eh ... you don't seem so bad . : kitteh : not being funny , but i think you've got some sort of look at me , i'm a real infj ! yes , an infj ! ! infjs never do this , i don't do that , coz i'm an infj ! you guys are all fake infjs ! i'm a real one ! ... seriously , porn is fantasy for many people . they may start of light but start to delve deeper into weirder and weirder shit . if the making of that specific porn involved under-aged kids , now that ... thanks : happy : . nice avatar . have fun ! no worries :) . well , just be careful coming off them . cbt , cognitive behavioural therapy has tons of evidence behind it . when you first hear about it , you may oh but that won't work for me ( i know ... it depends , if you get on with your mother , it shouldn't be a problem . a few years is such a short amount of time when you look back on life . probably could also symptoms of general depression for many ppl . how are you doing with the depression ? are you on pills now ? have you tried other techniques like cbt or mindfulness ? dad : entp mom : infp my brother is an sp type all of my family are perceivers ... : shocked : you could be . you're probably very difficult to type atm anyway , since you're depressed . i was wondering . maybe some people change personality types throughout life . so maybe you're infp-like now , ... it's never too late to study ! i know students in their 40s . it can really turn people's lives around . if you're not motivated to write a whole book , how about write poems or take a creative writing ... i'm a researcher in the field of genetics . day to day , i'm usually in the lab , analysing results or writing . other careers i may have considered are gp , psychiatrist or artist . in fact when i was a ... sorry to have upset you , i just get frustrated when people think they are incapable of something because of a certain group they belong to - gender , race , personality type , whatever .. : frustrating : ... seems to be from posts on her other thread , infp entp chemistry over a decade , which was basically this but on the infp forum ... i was kinda surprised . the posts in question were flagged as ... hmm i'm not an infp but i think it involves seeking saviour in your beliefs and convictions , not another person is it though ? or is it an unhealthy version of an infp thing ? interesting thoughts and there some examples where some traits are seen as disorders because they dont fit in with society ( some cases of add and delayed sleep phase syndrome ) ... but the reason many ... i have a fantastic short term and working memory but horrific long term memory ! i'm also somewhat face-blind ... hmmm infj i think pps , i used to follow my heart too . but the heart only has its own interests at heart . i don't think the sexual roleplay is a problem at all , people do this a lot . but i honestly think the codependency is outside the bedroom . or it definitely used to be . maybe it is no longer like ... thanks for sharing , it's obvious you really needed to get all this out . was certainly an interesting read ... as others have said though , classic , classic codependency . when you're in that ... what's the furthest you've got with catfishing ? i mean in terms of lengths of the relationship , been about to meet up etc ? i'm sorry , but there's nothing loser-like about any of the types . if you hate this type so much , perhaps it's because you hate yourself ( do you , i don't know ? ) . i don't mean to be harsh , but saying ... because i can see ni and t-something , and you also mentioned how you seem very outgoing to some people and you specifically mentioned taking other people into consideration ( fe ) . but you really do ... huh ? i loved school ! i was curious about everything , organised with it , loved textbooks , liked to be the best , got on with my teachers and liked the creative element of coursework and essays . i got ... i reckon infj with well developed ti i'm good at analysing people in general , especially if i'm detached from the person / situation . for instance i'm probably better at analysing people i don't know on here or casual acquaintances . this ... i'm not entirely sure what alpha is either tbh , i just took it to mean the best . i can relate to wanting to be the best , but i can't relate to wanting to be the most dominant . do you consider yourself ambitious ? i think some people want to be the best and some people want to just be competent . uh hu . as i say you may be better in a field where this is appreciated . probably in your job this should be appreciated , but very often it won't be . your colleagues will likely occasionally get ... i was heavily arty as a child and now i'm a genetics researcher . i think it's quite common in infjs and infps . actually lots of other scientists i know are also arty or creative . creativity is a ... perhaps your job is something that just requires basic work output , hence less meticulous , couldn't care less workers may actually do better since they will just churn it out . you seem like you ... hmm perhaps i should watch this show , it might well enlighten me ? actually scrap that . woo girls eh . i know , i think talking to some of them might help . though i doubt i'll ever fail to roll my eyes : tongue : . actually i was listening to a rah girl who was on the phone to a friend ... i know , i am judgemental . very in fact . hence half my post was rant-like , the second was a plea to help me have more compassion / understanding : crazy : . yeah these people are usually very well off :p this is funny : how not to draw : anatomy of a rahhh * preview * and apparently the general consensus ... what's this from ? i got typed as intp by an ex-partner ! hmm i'm not sure , but you sound very similar to someone else i can't figure out . this person i initially thought was intp but i've wondered down the alleys of infp , istj , isfj and intj .. what ... actually , i kinda initially felt proud of your response ... and it amused me . i usually wouldn't condone violence in any way , but he did slap you from behind , which is surprising , cowardly and invokes ... haha i could write a whole species guide . but i'd probably die from stress . the species is evolving ... some sort of up do seems to be popular at the moment ... but ugg boots are no longer ... why is it that uk universities seem to be populated by loud , shallow sounding posh girls who talk continuously with at least 20 % of their words being like ? oh it's not the first time i've ... i thought infp ! i actually find the second picture more interesting , since it's a depiction of two people's strict puritan beliefs , which is completely at odds with my own ethic . they also obviously want to convey ... dream jobs : script writer , doctor , marine biologist , sailor , researcher realistic job : researcher ( genetics ) things are going ok ! when people are starting out , the don't really understand mbti .. they often just choose the letters . as they get into it , they may start looking into functions , hanging around forums , talking about ... i actually agree , my isfj friend is extremely stubborn , especially if we've had a disagreement ... to the point where i just feel baffled and have to leave her to it . '