' one of my daughters is an intj as well but the only other one in the family i can think of try one of the iain m banks culture novels , hours of fun to be had working out how the universe it is in works , and a few of the ai minds are certainly intj as well , can get interesting when the intj ... and at a guess 100 % for desperately hoping fellow passengers don't start talking at us ! my new lp , wendy james , the price of the ticket 483226no photoshop , just camera focus light reflecting in bengie the bengal's eyes ! has been know to freak out the neighbours when they see nothing but those eyes as he comes down the street to meet ... the way of the intj for sure ! buses and taxis mostly , recharged using the electric underground rail network that has been running since the 19th century . no , sure things go wrong some times , no point getting stressed over it , you can learn from it but can't change the past . learning new stuff , at the moment a pg dip in astrophysics and old school sextant and tables navigation for crossing oceans , oh and about public transport as i'm working on managing research to move ... well if they want to start mind games with us i know how it will end , and am pretty sure they won't like it ! it is pretty striking how some of the biggest arguments in here are in thread with lots of none intjs , and usually it is intjs on one side and the other 98 % on the other ! 1.5 hrs on the train into euston or st p then the tube to southwark so another 25 min or so , have a friend who lives just outside the north circular and it takes her over an hour to get to her office ... intj , live about 130 miles from london which is plenty close enough to 7m people but work in london . what type of person do you get along best with ? smart ones who know arguing about something doesn't mean you have to fall out ! what is a behavior you strongly dislike in others ? ... no way an intj , trump doesnt let the facts get in the way of his ego and certainly from what we see of him in the uk media comes over as very e yes the moving on and particularly trusting someone again takes a long time always the dumped one here , a few days of very introvert miserableness then consign it to the past that can't be changed and move on , person who has done the dumping gets the intj shutout an intj can certainly be a performer , i have no problem presenting a paper to a room full of experts ( assuming i am confident in what i am talking about ) , though i'll be hiding behind the pot plant ... same here , and again to my youngest daughter's annoyance can often predict what they are going to say as well . i was a pretty good dressage rider in my teens and early 20s till i gave it up in a huge sulk when i figured out my job didn't give me either the money or time to get as good as i was sure i could ... again it isn't a strict ordering for everyone of a given type though ( and don't take this the wrong way ) the more you right the more sure i become you aren't intj . if an intj had got so interested in ... don't get into it ! they only seem interested in facts which agree with their preconceptions coming out from seeing this for first time with my equally intj 16yo daughter my question for her was wasn't that just a retelling of the first one with some slight changes ? ) . she hadn't watched the ... an i the only one who no matter where they sit on their 1 1/2 train journey to work in the morning and home again at night always seems to be immediately adjacent to the 2 who talk the whole way , ... for me an intense bit of yacht racing followed by celebrating what was a stunning result for a crew that had never sailed together before . the most annoying one at the moment is one of darling daughter's favourites , grenade by bruno mars , which contains the lyric from the first kiss , had your eyes wide open , why were they open ? how ... 30some hours if it is correct and accurate i take it well , particularly if it lets me sort thing out . if it is inaccurate or just plain wrong i will tend to argue over the factual matter ( which doesn't always end ... name ? david gender ? m age ? 50 screen name ? davkt birthday ? february race ? english school / grade ? mba / msc dist / ba hons , currently working on a pg dip in astrophysics and will ... we wouldn't believe you were an intj if you didn't call a spade a spade ! assuming it really was a spade and not a shovel in the first place of course ! annoying isn't it ? the other one i do that that annoys my enfp 11 year old daughter intensely is pointing out the bad science in sci fi films or ( and this really really annoys her ! ) the logical flaws ... cycling , skiing , hiking and when i get chance offshore yacht racing . first three are things i can do on my own and give me thinking space . sailing needs intense focus which suits me fine , in the ... assuming this is a for profit business we are talking about rather than say a charity it is simple , fire the less effective one and hire the better one . though of course local employment law may stop ... nope , not at your very impressive country count but am working on it ( will pass on the mcdonalds though , there are far more interesting things to eat wherever i go ) nope , i'm 50 and still haven't decided what i want to do when i grow up ! do exactly that very often ( one of the problems of the office being on the 11th floor , though have been know to take the stairs if the lift is too busy ! ) no as written in the books i'd say certainly strongly intj , as played in the new bbc series an odd caricature of a mix of ( or borderline between ) intp and intj , probably written by an e of some type or ... quiet and rational usually ( and yes doesn't that wind the other types up , i have to be very careful with my enfp 11 year old daughter ! ) getting even quieter if something gets me really angry ( usually ... think it all comes down to the fact that like many types we know what we we know , unlike any other type we equally well know what we don't know . we don't just wing it when it comes to matters of ... suit or jacket and tie to the office , whatever lets me blend into the background at other times though do have a bit of a liking for bright coats sometimes , although normally its dark green or black ... . love the full on fast version as well but fascinating how a change of tempo totally changes a song blackstar by bowie , love the way he has turned his quiet passing into his greatest perfomance , and motorhead , how the * & ^ % lemmy made it to 70 i'll never know but oh so lemmy to live fast and die ... if by robotic they mean a lack of visible emotion and focused not at all baffling that is me . offensive ? no , don't really care what anyone thinks and if that is how the perceive me so be it . painting . as others have said the potential of the child is enormous and unknown . the child may save the world , may destroy it or most likely be of no importance what so ever and the human race is ... and then get bored with it and switch to your next obsession ! and several decades later you realise they were right about you ruining your eyesight 1 not really , it doesn't take long to work they aren't worth listening to so then there are of plenty of of other things to work on in my head till they go away ! between 5 and 6 for me , i don't really do shallow breaths naturally . '