' hi i have 11 years of working experience . what i feel is i am jack of all trades and master of none . i know little bit of many things . but i dont have specialization in any field . which ... hi all i have one query ... at times i struggle to make decisions in my life ... why is so happen ... how i can overcome this ? regards hi has any body tried reiki ... if yes ... what benefits you gained ? regards hi all whats the best age for the parents to perform mbti of their childrens ? regards hi infjs are you creative enough ? if yes what have you created until now , is it writing , poetry , music ... anything ? regards others kindly post ? hi all , kindly share the moments of your life when you felt extreme joy , and you said wow what a moment ? regards hi hsp's ( highly sensitive persons ) what career are you pursuing or what jobs are you doing currently ? regards hi whats the solution to low self esteem .. ? regards hi whats the mbti type of rhonda byrne ? regards hi infjs as throughout life we have to make decisions . how you make your important life decisions , either you do it with consultation or of your own or what .. ? what decision making strategy ... hi all , kindly state the names of the books which you consider as life changing books ? regards any one else ? hi seniors infjs how many children you have and hows your relationship with them .. ? regards hi yoga lovers whats your favorite yoga pose and why ? regards hi infjs why our brain naturally wired towards negativity and not towards positivity ? regard hi infjs if you are given the opportunity to pursue phd research or post doctorate research , then in which area / topic you will conduct your research .. in mean which research area is your ... any idea ? hi infjs whats your top 5 educational subjects which you liked most in your life .. ? ? regards hi all i just wanted to know is there any website which can take online test and tell exactly what are yours favorite subjects . ? regards hi infjs do you consider yourself sensitive . if yes , then in which way .. ? ? regards hi all , whats the best careers suited to book lovers . ? regards hi all we all know the general benefits of journaling . but i just want to know what are the specific benefits you received while writing regular journal . ? regards hi infjs which creative fields do you like most ? regards hi infjs whats your creative element , e . g . are you a writer , poet , painter etc . or what ? regards any idea ? hi all do you have any information those who possess beautiful handwriting , what it depicts about their personality .. ? regards hi all how one can discover the creative element in himself . e . g . if one can know that he has inclination towards creative fields but don't know exactly what is it ... then how he can discover ... hi all do any one of you experience fear of height ( height phobia ) , if yes how you cater that .. ? regards because i am gemini hi infjs and gemini's ( male ) which career you are passionate about .. ? i mean which career do you think , you will not get bored into throughout your life .. ? regards hi male infj's has anybody tried yoga for your health . how was your experience . kindly share ... ? regards hi how do you rate your health from 1 to 10 scale . 1 being poor health and 10 being good health ( average per year ) ... ? regards hi all name the inspirational / motivational books that changed your life ... ? regards hi working professionals which time suits you or you take out for exercise from your busy jobs schedules ... ? regards any other ideas ... ? hi all i get soo much disturbed when my friends talk of the latest car's they possess , the features their cars have . currently i don't have latest car . because i don't have the resources to ... ? ? ? hi all what activities give you true meaning in your life ... ? ? regards hi kindly suggest good book regarding entrepreneurship , which illustrate practical examples as well . regards hi kindly suggest good book regarding entrepreneurship , which illustrate practical examples as well . regards hi i want to do a phd . but could not able to decide in which area should i proceed as there are soo many areas which are fascinating . can any one guide or suggest any website which could help me ... hi all leaders are born or made ... ? ? whats your views ... ? ? regards hi has anybody used numerology knowledge ... hows your experience ... is this knowledge authentic ... ? ? ? regards just wanted to know which emotion was more strong in infjs ... hi infjs which emotion is strong in you 1 ) sadness or 2 ) anger ... ? ? regards hi why nf's suffer more from depression especially infjs ... ? ? regards hi i want to have a glance of project management research papers ... from which website can i have them ... kindly help regards hi i need advice . i think i feel so much about other persons comments about me ... i also feel more of many criticism made by people about me ... overall i think i feel a lot ... how can i ... ok ... i think most infjs are on same page regarding this issue ... but i want to know why ... why we don't upgrade our things regularly just like other most of the people , who have craze to ... '