' from personal exp i like strong ti users such as intp and istps over strong fe users . but this is kind of a fallacy , just because you like someone more doesn't mean they are automatically your type ... everyone applies some of their own cognitive function bias to the type descriptions however yours are bleeding through way to much because your descriptions are really off . e . g . feeling in ... donald trump basically i think you are misunderstanding the functions . the judgement axis is supposed to be 2 different personalities . fi is the opposite of te and fe is the opposite of ti ; they are designed to counteract ... goto 4:30 you can hear steve job's fe and ti . the judgement axes is probably the most misunderstood imo . a well-trained user can repress their fe especially when ti > fe such as steve jobs ( istp ) or your typically entp troll but the tendency ... this is not exactly true . if ti is a blackhole sucking information then fe is the matter coming into the event horizon . while fi is hot magma and te is a volcanic explosive . in other words with fe ... delete esfj is bill clinton . completely different . you can see how he always relates his thoughts with past behaviour of countries and people in general . i think that is ni and or se . how he ... steve jobs was an 8 and he wasn't nearly as aggressive or rude as trump who is also an 8 . so your enneagram theory fails . my mtbi theory however is correct . excuses man . good we both agree on estp for cruz . you're typing of trump is relatively accurate . let me just try to clarify a few points . my dad is an esfp 7w8 sx / so just like trump so i ... cruz is actually type 3 . but you still didn't answer my question . i said cognitive function not enneagram type . you can't criticize my typing ... you are preaching to the choir and misinterpreting me . i never said te is always practical te tends to be practical however when it expresses the fi beliefs then it can appear impractical .  ... no you redefined an event through ti-fe . you can always redefine something from the opposite judgement axes . that does not count . you never laid out a clear contrast between the two judgement ... prove it . i defined each functions and how they relate to each other for contrast . you have not done the same . you are the one who hasn't proven they understand what they are talking about . again this is true . however if we can't understand the opposite functions without redefining them through our native functions then we'll never be able to type someone of the opposite judgement axes ... that's what i would expect a ti user to say . from my te pov you are making a mountain out of a mole hill . again you have to stop trying to redefine each situation through your native ... great question . the answer is unfortunately that everyone will have this problem . everyone will reinterpret the definitions of the functions according to their own life experience and personality ... because i am taking definitions from other people , reevaluating them , adding my own insights and life experience and reinterpreting for myself what the functions truly mean . this is completely fine ... trump has no self preservation . he is a complete risk taker e . g . his business decisions of taking out massive loans in the hopes of making a profit . in this election he constantly pushes the envelope ... getting along with other people of the same type isn't the end all be all . my entp friend has an enfp in his friend group . i absolutely hate that enfp . i'm an 7w8 , he is not . his fi beliefs are ... wickedly one of my fiends is an entp . yes he will debate me but it's not nearly the same . he mostly plays devil's advocate and takes different sides of the same issue for sport . i on the other ... i think you are crushing hard . there are too many vague traits in your first paragraph . most of those characteristics can apply to either the enfp or entp . impulsiveness and not finishing ... i think that is a limited perception of social because it's being completely influenced by political beliefs . from my pov most of the western world has gotten castrated , we lost the 1st amendment , ... i think you are probably an ne dom . the jumping around from idea to idea or topic to topic in your writing is very ne . likewise with the interdisciplinary studies . i too like a lot of different ... i find those ti definitions horrible . they are very convoluted because other functions are bleeding into the description . e . g . for example , the way a beautifully made desk appears to emerge from a ... you are correct , there is a contraction . the problem is fi is opposed to te yet they work together . micheal pierce describes te as a tank and fi as a protester standing in the way . so it's important ... the reason i would say hierarchy is more ti is because of the following quote from the link i posted , ti is logical progression from one point to the next that creates a system . in other words ti ... what's interesting is we are both enfp 7w8 > 4w3 so we can see the similarities between ourselves and trump . i'm a so / sx just like trump too , prob cuz i don't have any 1w9 , in fact those two ... this is going a little bit off topic but okay . first those examples are terrible . you can redefine most of those as either ti or te depending on your pov . e . g . schedules could be ti because it is ... well let's see . you failed to disprove any of them and resorted to ad hominem , yep strong argument . i think they are se -> te judgements . he has been traveling to eu for decades and notices the change between let's say the 80s and today . ( se ) . he also sees the problems with no-go zones and ... trump doesn't say other countries are shit . he says the opposite . i don't hate china because they are beat us , badly . i can respect that . i blame our politicians for being incompetent . they use ... that isn't true . trump does have core fi values such as patriotism and assimilation . he also had pragmatic te goals such as securing the borders , fixing bad trade deals and no more national building ... i think 7w8 is more correct . someone else mentioned it in another thread that he takes more risks than a typical 8 type . i think this is true . trump is always looking for the next thing to put his ... first he is an introvert so that is the i . second he talks like a te user : relatively straight to the point and pragmatic-what is the main point . in ... intj is correct for arnie ya all the time . i used to work as a mechanic , broke a lot of car parts . i remember blowing off the intercooler piping of my front mount when i drove down the street . car died on me and i had to fix ... it depends on the context . the way i wound describe it is an se / ni person is better at adapting to completely new situations and inventing new ideas or thoughts making them better small talkers ...  do ... these statements worry me . business degrees involve a lot of memorization of topics you might not enjoy . the memorization skills you use in math are near identical to those in accounting classes for ... maybe rihanna is on a lot of drugs but she seems too slow to be an extravert . athletics tend to correlate with se not sensing per say hence entj > estj . i sense a lot of ni in that ali vid . a lot of ni . it's why it comes off as a kind of rambling mess . he is also thinking ... i don't like this question . first novels in general tend to be se / ni dominated so si / ne users like myself will tend to dislike them . second fe vs fi is very different . so i don't think it makes sense ... this video covers it but i came to the same conclusion on my own . sensation is actual data : the ball is red . 55 % of people like x . s is the closest ... rihanna is definitely an isfp with this video i get a different read . : 14-1 : 45 the colors were more interesting ... rubber ... point to ballon ... all different colored eyes -> lots of se : 00 & 2:10 repeats drawn to older ... thats just people skills imo . people with lack of skills will have a hard time articulating themselves . hardest function to articulate is probably intuition because it's soo broad and ... the biggest challenge imo is judgement axes : ti / fe vs te / fi . from my pov te / fi users tend to dislike ti / fe and ti / fe users tend to not understand te / fi at all . the functions in terms of actuality are : sensation > thinking > intuition > feeling . because sensing is the weakest function in n doms we are some of the slowest personality types to react to new ... '