esxp maybe ? i can display a little bit of both t and f depending on the situation and who i'm dealing with . the quiz shows moderate t which is fairly accurate . although i expected it to be a lot ... my scores : your personality type is : estppreference clarity categories : ( slight , moderate , clear , very clear ) clear extraversion : 17/21 moderate sensing : 20/26 moderate thinking : 16/24 ... i don't know if it's typology , but just the overall lack of accountability for your actions , or a general lackadaisical attitude toward life in general really gets me bent out of shape . being a laid ... i could tell you things that taken by themselves , make me one type or another . but i take the mbti test on 16 personalities , and it tells me something different every time , because my answers are ... i'm either a more emotional , estj or an enxp with more of a moral compass . i'd say esxj is pretty close . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i've gotten entp , estj , esfj ( the one i'm starting to believe ) and estp ( the one i'm not buying for a second . sent from my iphone using tapatalk sent from my ipad using tapatalk probably more xstj than anything else since i don't think any of the males are super-introverted . monica is the biggest extrovert among the two of them but that doesn't make ross an introvert , not ... looks wise , probably jason statham or bruce willis . sent from my ipad using tapatalk ross gellar from friends , and for that matter monica gellar ? under what circumstances would provide an estj reason to lie ? no reason to lie at all . it just makes you look bad when the lie is discovered . > would estjs make good liars ? i don't think so . ... i'm not sure i would cheat even if my partner was cheating on me . i would just dump them in a heartbeat and move on . trust is a big thing for me . i will give someone the benefit of a doubt very ... i like people who are intelligent , who can hold their own in conversation , who are infinitely curious and not afraid to ask questions . humor is a big plus for me , i am fairly sarcastic myself , and i ... matthew perry ( chandler on friends ) . i look nothing like him , but i've been told attitude and mannerisms wise , i'm just like him . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think it's made me more accepting of who i am . as opposed to thinking there's something wrong with me because i'm not the most popular guy , it's made me accept that there are people that get me ... entp . think chandler bing . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk i just turned 40 a few days ago , i'm noticing as i get older i'm leaning more toward the introverted side of introverted extrovert . i can still talk up people when the topic is interesting , but i ... sent from my iphone using tapatalk boils down to this lately ( in order , really ): alternative - which could be anything from the lumineers to dave matthews band to elvis costello to queens of the stone age to the deftones and alice ... i can never really remember my dreams , because they all wind up looking like the drug trip scenes in easy rider . or they're all about sex with random people , one of the two . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk [ quote = ummon ; 12789746 ] katzulli , xnfp jone , you were close ! extp for you ? pretty much . i waver between estp and entp depending on the situation . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk intj mine : doc holliday - tombstone ( val kilmer ) tony soprano - the sopranos ( james gandolfini ) chandler bing - friends ( matthew perry ) greed , pride and lust . in that order . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk 29 to about mid 50s for women . it helps that i'm approaching the upper end of that group . although i'll only be 40 in a few months . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk team sports i'm getting away from . i still do watch the olympics ( both versions ) and mainly stick to the individual events but i'll watch hockey or basketball if either team is doing any good . as ... it's not worth killing yourself over other people's perceptions . i did that all throughout high school and almost quite literally did that in the process . after a while you learn that half the people ... aren't entps just extroverts who hate small talk ? i know i am . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk i'm entp and i don't follow sports near like i used to . getting to where i can't sit through a whole game anymore . i'm becoming more bored with it , whereas before you couldn't tear me away from a ... think jon stewart and colbert ( or at least colbert's ' persona ' on the show ) are entp ? i'd say hillary clinton is an estj while bill is probably more enfp or entp . obama is a definite entp , the man ... sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk estp probably someone like jack nicholson . that's the closest i can think of . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk he is an acquired taste , but i do like his work ( blood on the tracks , especially ) . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk self explanatory question . when you think a certain type , what celebrity immediately comes to mind ? like when i think entp , i think adam savage or bill maher . enfj probably someone like amanda ... i had thoughts of being an intp at one time , but i read over the description of entp and it just fits me so perfectly it's almost creepy . i can socialize with people ( albeit my kind of people ) with ... i suppose it depends on what said person considers fun . my idea of fun could be different from others . that being said , i would value intimacy over anything else . not so much sexually ( although that's ... definitely . not sure if i've just become oblivious to it , or i just don't give a crap anymore . 😄 sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk dr . cox from scrubs . sent from my iphone 6 plus using tapatalk normal . there are situations i don't like being around people despite the fact that i'm labeled an entp . who by the way , are constantly labeled as introverted extroverts . i hate boredom , i like being productive . i also like the security that having a few dollars in the bank provides . that being said , i wouldn't be able to do just any job . it would have to be ... studying for my a + test ( which i'm doing more of now since the ' distractions ' are out of the way ) . reading the internet , sometimes intellectually stimulating , sometimes just looking at cat memes or ... invisibility . i could do so much with that ( good and bad ) . sent from my ipad mini with tapatalk hd sent from my ipad using tapatalk hd mac os 10.9 - entp . bands : 1 . radiohead 2 . pink floyd 3 . blur 4 . grateful dead 5 . big head todd and the monsters 6 . the clash 7 . tool 8 . afghan whigs * turns off webcam *