' aw man , i have ophidiophobia . i have panic attacks when i see mere pictures of snakes , or anything that looks like them . : sad : meh , from what i've seen / read so far , intps are all as hot as hell . yum . to be honest , i've got to say that people with the sensing function are generally more racist than those with the intuitive function , but that's just from my observation of friends and family . same here . i'm slightly confused . isn't it all very relative ? what exactly is the lack of interest and desire for sex ? i think that we have to take one's gender into consideration , since from what i know , ... i don't know . do we ? i have to admit i adapt much more comfortably to a nocturnal lifestyle than to a diurnal one , but i'm in no way an insomniac . i guess the characteristic stoned / sleepy look is ... eh really ? l seems more like an intj to me , although yeah he might be an intp : - s hmm . the description fits though , haha . i want light on our side ! ! ! and seems like so far , intps generally ... yeah i think i agree with this . i don't really understand the rest of your question though , sorry . yeah pretty much a summary of what everyone has said . they're nice to talk to because you can just do away with the small talk i guess , but i find it really hard not to get angry when i talk to them ... more girls than guys , for me . heart , i think you should delete your facebook account . i had the same love / hate relationship with it , but i deleted mine in the end . i think it hurt me more than it benefited me . i felt so liberated ... i'm not exactly a fan of korean dramas . i think i watch them because i'm more interested in the pretty korean actresses than the story line . : - x i liked my sassy girl but that was a movie ... you're gorgeous ! ehh , seems like intps are quite a good looking bunch . p . s . fiddler i think you're really pretty although the picture quality is bad . and bee , your description made me smile ... i completely agree . no , i won't say i ever felt stupid among other nts , although i often feel that they think that they are superior to me , which i find is extremely annoying . then again , this has nothing to do with ... same here . i only play music when i'm reading something light . if i'm analyzing or trying to figure something out or memorizing something , i have to switch off the music . anyway , right now i'm ... true . although for me , it's pretty easy to tell when someone likes me , whether the cues are subtle or not . however , i always like to pretend that i don't know this or that i'm completely oblivious , ... anyone is welcome to do so if they're comfortable with it :-) of course , that's very true . i am aware that you can't type someone just by looking at them , but i thought it would be interesting to get a general idea ( if this exists ) of what intps look like . ... hey guys , so i've been reading a lot of interesting threads on how different personality types are usually associated with certain facial characteristics / looks on other forums ( e . g . intjs tend to ... yeah definitely no doubt about that . and then i'd go : if only i had said / done ( something else ) instead ... haha i think most intps do this because we have a tendency to second guess ourselves , ... whoops sorry about that then . thanks for letting me know , splash . haven't been to the forum in ages , so i guess i'm not surprised . and nothingnew , i know ! i much prefer palahniuk's writing style ... my mom's an istj and we have an extremely rocky relationship - always arguing and conflicting on opinions , etc . i think it's just her though , because i can't seem to identify with the istj ... hey guys , it's been ages since i've posted in this forum but i recently came across this article / research paper documenting what seems to be a research into the lives of intp women across ... oh my gosh you have no fucking idea how much i miss maplestory . mannn i loved that game , although i had absolutely no social life then because i was completely hooked on it . i made some friends ... hahaha you guys ! aw i love your answers : laughing : for some reason , intps are usually deemed as lazy people . i have to admit that , for me , it's true . fellow intps , get the discussion going by answering the following questions : 1 ) are you lazy ? ... the secrets of the chess machine by robert lohr in a world of my own - alice in wonderland  my two favorite breeds - maltese ... watching lord of the rings : the two towers with a book opened at my side and my stomach bloated but growling . i am always running away from something . sometimes i know what it is , and sometimes i don't . 90 % of the time i'm on a mission to do something and there's a lot of adrenaline involved . i had all of them for a short while , really , but i always end up deleting these sort of social networking profiles . used to blog until i got cyberstalked . i like being able to keep tabs on others but ... you need to stop obsessing about it . i'm not kidding . a girl knows when a guy is trying too hard and it's a huge turn-off . nation by terry pratchett j . r . r . tolkien . i think this is the best answer . but anyway , couldn't help but smirk / smile when i saw the thread title . haha . intense - not really . serious - yes . well , i don't know , i tend to be very cheerful and smiley around my friends even when i'm feeling incredibly shitty but sometimes when you catch me off guard ... this can't be love - diana krall . i don't like overly sensitive guys . balance is the key . i would want a guy who is able to accept what he's feeling and deal with without having to feel like he's putting up a facade just to live up ... nope , i can gladly say that people don't ever feel uncomfortable around me . well , not unless i've gotten into some sort of quarrel / conflict with them . i thought that this would be an interesting , albeit somewhat silly , question . what's the longest period of time you have gone without human contact ? or how long do you think you can last without ... i was the top student in my secondary school ( we don't call it high school ) and then everything kinda just went down from there because i sunk into depression when i was in grade 11/12 , so i didn't ... my hair is at its awkward stage right now . trying to grow it out . it's almost reaching my nipple line but it's taking forever . tried to grow out my fringe as well but got really irritated and on ... lots of rubbish and snacks . boy do i feel terrible now . basically , prunes , nuts , yogurt , apples , nutella , smoked salmon and tuna . i think , for me , it depends on how far the couple is going in terms of making out . if it's sex , hell yeah , get a room . ( unless there isn't anyone around , of course ) if it's kissing , go ahead ... ophidiophobia ( fear of snakes ) - won't touch anything or look at anything that is snake-like . or at least i avoid it at all costs . i can go into panic attacks if i happen to see a toy snake sitting ... i believe in god but i never do try to proselytize others . it's a tricky situation . to be honest , i've had my doubts about god and whatnot - who hasn't ? if i were to look into the matter in a ... definitely agree with you , except that even if criticism comes from a someone i don't respect , i still take it badly : sad : not decided , but probably medicine or dentistry . '