' hi guys .. i'm trying to get over a nasty break up . it's been a month . i was doing fine when i was going through an anger phase , but now i'm just depressed and highly emotional . i don't know what ... sort of ' zoom ' out on the world or perspective ... also to switch on and off emotions . could you explain more please ? guys , i need your advice .. i think i'm in that phase where i'm going back and forth about whether to try to reconcile and talk to him about getting back into a relationship , but on renewed terms ... trying to . my ego is definitely damaged . :( i just want to make him realise that i'm worth it as a partner . ugh . no use at all going about this . hahhahaha ... logic ™ . well i started accidentally thinking about the possibility of us getting back into a relationship on renewed terms and that got me all fudged up again t ^ t . why do i want ... thanks ! i don't get it either to be honest . i really don't freaking get it . i call bullsheet on the whole personal development part . i reckon it was a logical excuse that he wanted to hear for ... so i've been letting it out by singing songs . i used to do this and i had people sing along with me in school , but nope , now i'm all alone .. i decided to record it and slap it on the internet . ... hrmm ... not really , he wasn't the kind to necessarily intentionally start conversations . he's more of hey i haven't spoken to this dude in awhile ... so i'll send him a message or lets hang . ahahhaa yea i knew what you meant . i felt the same way about what you said therefore it was sort of a dramatised reaction to that . it's odd that this isn't my first encounter with intps . i've had one in the past too . he was muuuch older than i was and i was a juvenile enfp at the time . well at the time i wasn't ' smart ' enough ... i'm sorry to hear that . ugh all the feels . i'm sorry i scared you with my love . is it an infp problem ? . _ . bahahha .. to be honest , the concept of it sounds good . blargh . but it was him that i loved , not the idea of being in a relationship . darnit . i wonder if we could throw our own cozy virtual environment for that . i'm assuming everyone in this post is across the world from everyone else . i have a bunch of tools to use for ldrs that never got ... spoken like a true intp ... or thinker at least . : tongue : oh well . awesome ! it was the right way round when i uploaded it though ! . _ . hehehe .. yeah , i guess i kinda expected him to put as much as i would have as well . thing is , should he have expressed that throughout and managed the expectations as well , it wouldn't have been such a hard ... i've been going out a lot . practically spend my time with my friends outside home ( i have a very stressful family to deal with ) . i suppose in a sense talking it out here on the forum helps too . i do ... probably not . i just can't . all those empty promises at the beginning and how i have been let down . D; it's so much easier to be just plain angry . well he seems to be having a ball of a time ... hells yea . i scared him away with my conviction and passion . gaaargh ! awh , * hug * all us hurt infps should have a little party together and just take it all out , go to a trampoline park or bouncy castle then go crazy .. or something . my contention about the matter is basically wouldn't you consider relationships as part and parcel of personal growth ? i understand that maybe i had placed really high expectations ( different from ... * hug back * thanks :) as much as i've been wanting to do that , i never have ' enough ' to be physical about it . i ended up not eating much and staying up late till i just go flat and burn out . i vent a whole lot and rage ... thanks for all your responses , it's highly encouraging . it's just all incredibly painful right now . on his social media it seems like he's doing fine . i'm really fluctuating between absolute ... i'd like to believe that . i think that's the biggest underlying thing here . did he really like me ? or was it just convenient for him . but at this point , i just don't have enough emotional ... hahah i probably should've included a tag on vent . i think a part of me is looking for an answer to whether he bothered as much as i did or not . what's going on in his mind now .. etc . it's annoying ... nice try i can't stop thinking and replaying what we had and the fact that he's probably going to move on far quicker than i am . he is an intp . the story that we had together was typical fairytale story - we ... i'm more of a friends with benefits person , although after my first proper relationship i don't think i would want otherwise anymore . i'd consider myself a buddhist , but with elements of syncretistic beliefs . it's hard to find anyone who's interested in this kinda talk , especially being relatively young . D: 318506 ah damn , how do you rotate this ? here ya go ! necklace is from my adopted grandmother from borneo when i had an exchange volunteer programme there last year . so , you may care for him , but also care for yourself . please . that's what i really have to remember . i recently discovered that i get lazy explaining things to people because everything in my mind is way more vivid and i'm pretty sure people won't understand it . unlikely ohhh . okay . got it . haha . i've always loved those little yellow things . : 3 why so ? yes . i need to remember that i'm posting in the intp forum . have to pay closer attention to grammar . that's brilliant ! we're changing the design to this : no longer the huge minion cake thingy that's .. um .. out of topic . woah , thanks for the ideas guys ! keep em ' coming . hey guys ! my class is going to have a farewell party for our chemistry / biology tuition teacher next wednesday . he calls us his ' minions ' ( the one from the movie despicable me ) , so we're ... hahaha .. to his personality i guess . thanks for your input on this . i've done all the steps that you mentioned - identifying why i'm attracted to his company and why he makes me feel like crap . i'm also trying my best to try to avoid ... here's the deal : he's a friend whos very much older than i am . i take him as my mentor in life and i confide in him a lot . i also try my best to be a good friend . he's an intp - a very difficult ... the thing is , it's clear that i value him more than he does of me . i don't even know why i'm still friends with him or why i care so much . thanks guys for all your help at the moment , i'll reply each of you soon in this thread when i have the time . perhaps in another day or so .. i like all your suggestions and they make lots of sense ... let's just say that i'm friends with a person who i really care for right now . but in the past few months , all he has been doing is making me feel like crap all the time . i'm quite emotionally ... i made the biggest mistake by confiding in someone . i don't really think it was a mistake , i just confided in someone about how i felt and stuff . ( was going through a rough time ) he was an intp . i ... '