' the isj's i have met don't seem to get along with n's and they view them as not very down to earth in a sense . i'd love to put a stop to this school yard rivalry . i say that with quotes because it ... frequent difficulties with arithmetic difficulty with everyday tasks like reading analog clocks inability to comprehend financial planning or budgeting , sometimes even at a basic level ; for ... some people , though have a hard timing individuating . individuation i could see happening in an entj just because they have that open mind . i noticed stj's have a hard time going about this process , ... i 100 % believe the presidents we have had for the last 5 decades aren't who most people perceive them to be . republicans , democrats have both ignored our constitution . so i would agree with you . same here i had an estj supervisor and he led with intimidation and was a severe micro manager . not very smart either even though he said he was smart . i'm not asking for the sake of arguing , i really would like your perspective . so the question is how is intuition cruel to you ? just thought it would be a good thread since they both are at the top of the totem pole in regards to innate leadership skills . what would they do the same or diffrently ? pro's and cons ? what ... if you are reffering to me , my ex girlfriend was an isfj so i did not copy and paste and what i said applies mainly to females . i have heard alot of people type morpheus as enfj and the oracle as infj but its quite the opposite . if you remember the original matrix , the oracle is a strong extroverted feeler . in the later ... family oriented , brings to much melodrama from work home , very giving , loves being depended on , finds inconsistencies in a lot of things , cruel to intuition , excellent memories , good with math , ... you honestly have a lot of good things to say and seem like a really cool person . what are your interests that are suppressed by your fe ? when i was five i saw a ghost train . it was see through and traveling about 500 miles an hour approximately . morpheus from the matrix seemed like the quintessential infj , and the oracle enfj . is it just me or does trinity seem like an intj ? she seems like an fi as her third function . kevin bacon's ... ron is an intj also my favorite characters . tom definitely an estp , i have a friend just like him . yes , plain and simple , the responses and advice you give come from multiple points of view . this break up isn't a scapegoat to have sex with other women for a certain time period . i would never do that to her . i have been with this girl for seven years . we broke up for about 10 months 2 ... surprisingly well . she cried a little but stayed composed . she told me that she wants to relate more and communicate better but she doesn't feel comfortable talking about subjects unfamiliar to ... lol . agreed . selfish seems to be a common word when it comes to ne . i get frustrated that she graduated as a history major but doesn't like discussing history . thanks for the comment . i have tried to value her need to be needed caring nature . and indeed i do value it . but , i have talked to her and broke it off momentarily . i told her she should see other people in the mean time ... it was an awesome movie . had the same calibur as terminator 2 . the director actually said he was influenced by t2 . im looking forward to some replies . maybe you can help me out since im confused . why is it that when i take the mbti test , i type infp ? but socionics i always type infj ? so would you say you don't mind lying to him ... i catch my girlfriend in little lies all the time . i always told her you never ever need to lie to me . but she still lies . like most problems in relationships , it comes down to communication . i am well aware of this . i approached her about this several times and told her that she discards my thoughts and ideas . i'm a ... well i was issuing a fair warning from experience , not experiment results with a sample size of only myself . lol . it was also not just my personal experience with an istj , i bought a book by paul d ... lol ... i should have known better . lol ! ! ! definately something my girlfriend would be saying if we had kids . i was using sarcasm when i said brilliant mind . its actually pretty ignorant of you to think less of me because i am unfamiliar with the saying . its like trying to use slang from one region and think that applies to every wear else . any way i ... well what i am saying is if you want to contest yec do it . i mean it is a 2 hour video but your obviously in front of a computer and have the ability to jump around it . if it was a lot of text i had ... you said i was probably to stupid from fatigue . your fault for trolling . i did . because like most these inthinkersj , she attacks the person ( kent hovind ) without any argument in his theories . the only person that stepped up to the plate was obviously googling his information on ... open your mind man . we don't know it all . they arent my ideas . i said nothing about jesus or christianity . i'm talking alternative theories here . not the ones you were trained to know in whatever school you went to that made you feel so ... you edited your post so i'm thinking that you googled it for me . still buddy it's theory to support a very loose theory . fact is a human has never seen a planet change its spinning direction . all i ... question is am i going to look for a theory to support another theory of something that happened when people didn't exist to observe and gather data to draw conclusions ? seems unscientific . conservation of angular momentum would keep all planets and moons spinning in the same direction . venus and uranus spin backwards some moons do as well . ma'am , you have made no statements proving your worth or competence in the subject period . i assure you his evidence at times can be sound , and his logical thinking is enviable . i am not siding ... hovind argues facts are lacking in the big bang theory . and i agree as well . a lot of the big bang and evolution is pure theory . tell me , how we can factually analyze data that would lead us to ... dude , your being a troll . in every sense of the word they are theories . just because you didn't routinize these views in the public school system you have a huge bias without even offering any ... yes , i am well aware of hovinds back round . he's in prison for tax evasion , so what . a lot of influential individuals who speak out against our central bank have suffered hovinds fate . it is a 2 ... because this material is foreign to you , do you think its wise to discount it without challenging one of the creationist theories ? 30:00 is about the big bang . do you believe that the theory of evolution is a religion ? in this video he goes into the geological aspect and dinosaurs also . other shorter videos are available on youtube . just search kent hovind .  kent hovind seems like an intj himself . when both of you communicate what are the subjects of your conversations , yours and his ? is it work , school , politics , art , family etc ... what do you mean by profile himself ? '