' yay 4w5 is my type and i live there ! i - moderate , i get lonely fast but i also need time to myself n - very f - very p - very i'd say inxj . i - she doesn't have the diva complex or other traits to make her an extrovert . n - her music and lyrics screams more ni dom more than anything . f / t - there are cases for both , she ... istj , for obvious reasons :P enfp here my music tastes are varied . however , i mostly enjoy alternative rock , some edm , some country , and maybe a little rap . i mostly prefer older stuff of the previously stated genres (8 0s / 90s ) . it may seem like that with me , but it's not . i do tend to flirt with lots of guys when i'm single , but once i'm committed , i'm as loyal as it gets . southern california currently , but moving to seattle in a month . futurama daria always sunny in philadelphia archer boondocks portlandia adventure time regular show house the office honestly , as an enfp , i can say that when i have a crush on someone , it's obvious . of course , i try to tone it down , not talk about it , or act normal , but my body language will still show it and ... irish , spanish , german , polish , and russian enfp sloth , gluttony , and lust . i mean , i am a 20 year old male , so it makes sense . i feel like i'm an enfp with infp tendencies . my bipolar pretty much turns me into an infp when i get depressed . i almost always get enfp on tests . occasionally , i get esfp , but that's about it . sometimes , when i'm sad , i turn into more of an infp . gender : male hair color : dark blond hair style : straight , short eye shape : olive eye color : sky blue glasses : contacts personal style / manner of dress : grunge-hippie-redneck mix , 90s inspired ... for 1-3 , pick one of the two answers that describes you most . 1 . outgoing , reserved ( i'm kind of both ) 2 . talkative , contemplative 3 . sociable , solitary for 4-8 , order the four words in the ... i have a friend who at first i thought he was intp , but now i'm not sure . the last quiz i took said he was entj , but i hardly see him as a j . what i know : - he often listens to people , usually ... i am an enfp and anna is like a female , cartoon version of myself . i absolutely loved the song she sang with hans , that is basically me when i am in love . however , i can also see olaf being an exfp , ... welcome , glad to see another californian here . :) jag är från kalifornien . jag brukade ha en flickvän som var svenskt . hej , hur mår du ? välkommen ! jag tala en lite svesnka . it's part of my values to consider other people first , but i also try not to forget about myself . hola , saludos de california , y bienvenido a personality cafe . ¡ disfruta ! i'm a 4w5 the whole gluten free thing is just a fad that will pass after a few years , and will only be carried on by those who are actually allergic to gluten . not really , the correct term for it , however , is ambivert . most enfps tend to be ambiverts that lean slightly towards extroversion . mum : infj dad : intx cousin i live with : isfj wait , i actually meant to say intj , oops . ^ ^ ; yes , ender also very much strikes me as infj . this may just be me , but when i like someone , i get very shy . i'm very scared of rejection , mostly because of past issues . however , when i also get really hyper when i think about them . last night i ... california ? seriously ? i live in california and the part i live in sucks . i really belong in oregon . a lot of my friends are intps actually , including one of my bestest friends . sometimes i annoy him though , as he's more quiet and reserved whereas i can be loud and crazy , however he is also wiser ... i've always been really good at foreign language , creative writing , history , and geography . i was never good in maths , i've always hated it . science was cool , but it was always the maths part that ... poland is very much an enfp , and i cosplay as him in my hetalia fan club . vaguely based off of scandinavia and the world comics ... norway-intp iceland-ixtj sweden-intj denmark-enfp finland-isfp in high school , i was a nerd who was friends with everyone . i was known for being the life of the party at school events . i was in a scene kid stage during my first half of high school , that i grew ... me , my last name is irish though i'm only 1/4 irish descent . my dad's infj , my mum is xsfj . i'm enfp myself . you could say that , though i see arizona as a very individualistic type place as well where people tend to be more private and live spread out from each other . i was debating if california would ... enfp weed , xtc , liquor , and sodapop my opinions would be something like these ... california-esfj oregon-infp washington-intp colorado-isfp texas-enfj florida-enfp new york-estj massachusetts-isfj i live in the la area ( north orange county ) , and it's ok , but i'm hoping to leave within a couple of years . i used to summer here all the time when i was a child living in oregon and texas . once i ... i'm an enfp but i'm the same way . i tend to be very introspective and and somewhat introverted at times . it really depends on my mood , some days i want to go out and party and be wild , others i just ... cosmic hobo i'd guess nf of some sort , you probably have an eccentric personality . 1 . fry from futurama 2 . trent lane from daria ... i'd say i'm more fi , especially since the 2nd paragraph said that fi's can randomly turn more hyper and be more like the stereotypical enfp . my bipolar causes me to flip between those two ... people who are way too moralistic , self righteous , and think they know what's best for everyone . also people who act like they're better than you because they have more money , like different things , ... if you are in a public school where fist fights are fairly common , i suggest you take a self defence class in case if any of them attempt to get violent with you . once you can show people that you're ... straight edge people annoy me . it's okay if someone doesn't want to drink or do drugs , but it's how they go about it . they act like they're better than everyone , as if they're jesus christ or ... generally the rule in meeting people is you should let them know how you feel about them within the first 24 hours of meeting , otherwise you'll be auto-friendzoned . after that point , it could be ages ... i'm a switcher myself , but i lean towards uke . '