' it would be funny to ask them , what is the difference between you don't believe in god and you believe that there is no god ? in spite of you not believing in them . i think the first one might have to do with acknowledging that god exists and then not believing in them ( like not believing one of your close friends ) ( either i'm wrong here , or i might have ... absolutely . i wish i could do maths and other stuff without being alive . i agree with chucky . i contact people if i have a purpose ( say technical fest ( trolling sometimes .. ) . sometimes it is unintentional ( say someone texts me about the project submission ... ( and i forget to ... i remembered this one oh carol ( can be used for trolling ) . btw there is a wendy song which can be used for trolling people . good for trolling . ne .  your avatar.it looks as though the thing looks happy , sad and funny.iknow a guy who uses similar body language . why would anyone want to fake their personality type ? i don't understand . did you ask your friend as to why he has any specific reasons to think that you were an infp ? or was it because of the test results ? i usually play centre position cdm so that i can easily pass the ball to the guys in forward position .  sarcasm is high with this . how and why all life forms are equal ? other animals do benefit from the experiments . computational methods in drug discovery | pharmacological reviews  yes.religious texts are filled with ni.and then there is the problem with interpretation.so understanding them is a huge problem.it might take time but i do get the general idea.carl jung might be a ...  the lord of the rings : the group spends nine hours returning jewelry 1 ) an old farmer is inconsolable after his dog goes missing . he takes out an ad in the newspaper , but two weeks later , therex 92s still no sign of the mutt . x93what did you write in the ad ? x94 his wife asks ...  what makes you say that socionics is wrong ? ...  if you are really interested.then you must go ! it might be frustrating as you are not allowed to question . ( please don't mind the video that i've posted ) not very much.cooking is very tiring for me . what do people actually mean when they say i respect all religions ( their views ) ? because say , for example , the person who says is a follower of religion w and respect the views of religion a ... quotient of two small numbers is funny because eg : 10 ^ -6/10 ^ - 12 = 10 ^ 6 where as 10 ^ -12/10 ^ - 6 = 10 ^ - 6.so it is indeterminate.and another way is the highschool problem of two observers approaching the point ... i don't think it is just stephan hawkings.lawrence krauss has a similar argument that nothing might have energy . 0/0 condition is better to be translated as indeterminate rather than undefined . yes.especially in my engineering classes.most of them are extroverts who are always involved in taking selfies.it is very scary especially for me when te is taking over all of the sciences . i dont ... i suggest you take the celebrity types test on all functions . this one.cognitive function test i suggest you take the celebrity types test on all functions . do you drive a tesla ? dario nardi , socionics and jung . 686458 6864 66 686426 6864 34 686442 6864 50 686154 6860 9868610 6 it can be ascii as well as hexadecimal numbers . i had hexadecimal in mind . i've encountered similar kind of situation before . it was a guy on the cafe who had 2015 posts and 2016 likes . not yet decided on any of the existing theories .  i thought artificial neural networks was the ( system ) . i use audacity.which one ( software ) do you use ? is it possible to upload audio files on the forums ? i have just begun understanding mixing . i inserted sine and cosine functions to the below video . ... what software did you use for mixing ? btw you have a posts and f times thanked . 683914 6839 06 the way i see it , each type has its own way of having fun . '