' completely and utterly upset . i thought i was done with the post-breakup depression , but a trigger hit and i'm falling apart on my own all over again . i don't want to go to sleep and it's 5 in the morning . i'm probably among the luckiest people on the planet , with a loving and well-to-do family , an excellent education ( i'm currently a sophomore at ... yeah the thing is even scholarships are easier to apply to if you're at least a citizen . i currently live in texas and i'll be attending penn in philadelphia as a chinese national . scholarships are gonna be difficult since i'm an international student but hey , i don't have to worry about apps anymore , now it's just money ! / naive i'm mostly happy but a little conflicted . i got into the university of pennsylvania . but now i have to pay like $ 57000 a year to go there and actually work hard and work in science . i'll see ... undergrad . i'd be cool with doing pure science ( like a biology major ) , engineering or liberal arts . i'm an international student whose family is upper middle class so basically no scholarships / jobs for me period i've gotten accepted into the ut austin school of business . i didn't want to do business , my parents made me apply there because uta's accounting program is # 1 in the nation . considering the ... i am ok at physics ( making as in ap physics ) and i love the concept behind it ( laws of nature , etc ) but it's not exactly my thing - i suck at imagining in 3d and have to have newton's third law ... i just submitted my application to the school of engineering and applied science at the university of pennsylvania . hugs you :) hugs are the best . oh and i feel guilty for using this thread and the infp forum in general as like the sympathy place i go to when i'm feeling down > . < edit : sorry for double posting i feel that i'm just using everyone around me like a counselor like , i don't comfort my friends but i expect them to comfort me when i feel hurt or frustrated i don't do anything for strangers ... my parents are 100 % certain that i'm an enfp ( my father is an enfp while my mother is an isfp ) who became introverted and withdrawn after becoming too afraid to deal with certain issues of the world ... intp for almost two years . before that , i had a crush on an infj for two years ... the doctor . i self depreciate and often think of myself as useless but at the same time know that my pain is petty compared to the pain of those who have been through real trauma like abuse or rape and that ... i'm assuming it's because this is so obvious how could you not know my little pony or something like that . chinese in nationality lived in brunei for four years , us for two considers herself a global citizen does idealism necessarily equal naivete ? other than that , what does idealism and being a healer even mean ? i'm 16 and don't want to throw away my idealism yet i don't want to be disillusioned but i also don't want to be stupid there's like all this idealism = naivete going on and it hurts like ... i'm attracted to sad things and have a strange obsession with the er . however , although i torture my fictional characters when i write ( the more i love them , the more obstacles i give them and the ...  science will be advancing at a faster rate than i think is reasonable ( paradoxical , considering i love science , but we have already created a species and found a goldilocks planet only 20 light ... evolutionary biology and environmental sciences . ... maybe i should not apply to ut accounting after all ... is it really that bad ? i've always loathed the financial sector and everything related to it but now the prospect of becoming an accountant ... i'm nearly 17 years old , going to be a senior in high school and a girl who has consistently tested as an infp . this post might sound very strange / naive / confusing but please bear with me . the ... i picked spiritual discovery but it's more like a combination of that , helping others and fighting for a cause . i've recently becoming very disillusioned with my judgment and choice of things to ... i feel totally worthless right now . i started my common app essay four days ago and now i have like 4 half-done essays stacked up one on top of another like a pile of garbage . i feel all four ... i agree with nearly everything in this post . mine is cloud strife just after he landed the omnislash in advent children complete . been playing too much final fantasy vii . there's a blue wolf fantasy one that i keep returning to though . scorpio . i like the star sign and being linked to an awesome fictional character ( vriska serket ) is a huge plus . i'm going to apply to colleges in a few months and i'm terrified of it all i feel horrible looking at past applicants ' stats because i feel that my profile sucks in comparison . i feel desperate ... i liked my childhood . i grew up in a nice town and a nice family . since i'm somewhat smart and my mother was a teacher , i was a privileged kid in elementary school . teachers liked me and praised ... results your moralising quotient is : 0.54 . your interference factor is : 0.50 . your universalising factor is : 0.67 . i'm sick of really opinionated people can't we just compromise can't we stop throwing things around you can disagree with a person but don't bash their argument to the ground mercilessly ... alright , i'm a rather straightforward infp but i'll say this - i tend to go f because to me emotions and / or doing the right thing are paramount . i can disregard all other variables in a problem ... really encouraging <3 thank you ! economics , to me , is okay . money though is like meh and i suck at physics in general although i get good grades ( just not my mindset ) so engineering wouldn't be my first choice . being a doctor though ... i have a little bit of a rubik's cube complex . i love solving problems although if they are hard i might hit stuff and want to cry . ( yes , immature , i know . ) i'm taking ap calculus bc next year ... advent children ... i like good-looking badass idiots . they know they have to do the right things and generally do the right things awesomely but they also really feel losses and are somewhat idiotic when it comes to ... personally i like lean , pale , smart-looking guys with a face that just looks right . slightly curly light brown hair with green eyes is my ideal , but i also love other types , e . g . cloud strife's blond ... cloud is definitely an ixfp in advent children and i'd go with infp . many people type him as an istp , but i think that's more like his cloud / zack persona at the start of final fantasy vii . cloud in ... enfps are initiators of change , keenly perceptive of possibilities . they energize and stimulate others through their contagious enthusiasm . they prefer the start-up phase of a project or ... do you think she's an enfp i mean you would definitely be the person to ask ones i'm quite certain of are in bold john egbert : isfp rose lalonde : intj dave strider : istp jade harley : infp or infj ; i don't see the e at all wv : infj - wait i really dunno . he's a f ... fine , i guess i suck at observation . so i take driver's ed and sit in the dead end of the front row , which means it's really difficult for me to get out in the end . i'm also suffering the ... one of my favorite writers follows me on tumblr . she wrote a rather acidic analysis of a webcomic character , a character that i love , the night the character died in canon . i couldn't help it , ... '