' ive got a rave ... todays dilbert cartoon : the official dilbert website with scott adams ' color comic strips , animation , mashups and more ! hehehe you should be watching fringe you should all be watching fringe ... go now ! ! ! hehe wazzup ya'll ? i got nothing to add , i just felt like giveing thumbs up to sparkles avatar . hehe <smiley> why is it companys insist on providing mandatory free trials of crap when you buy something ? i am so tired of the constant stream of snail mail , emails and phone calls trying to get me to buy ... dibs on the strawberrys when they arrive ! ! ! ( i luuuvs me some strawberrys ) this could have been coming out of my mouth word for word . well , except for the having a bf ( in my case gf ) part . bowling , thats about it i guess i'm not . i am who i am , people dont like it ... too bad . i'd post but i dont have anything to say my experience is that people have less time once they are no longer in school . in fact they usually disappear completely . abandonment .. aint it grand ? neither ... they are frenemies : tongue : shoes aint the problem .. its shirts , they never fit properly so would you say that you kant understand ? : wink : noise cancelling headphones ? i think i need some of those . anything to drown out the tounge clicking and noisy potato chip eating of my coworker . nooo ... preeety sure my version is more acurate you're welcome to move in with me . ( the commute might be a killer tho lolol ): wink : ugh ... those are some butt-ugly emoticons my life is much too boring and mundane to even bother with a facebook status britain has more u's hmmm ... maybe thats what i needed when i had calculus in high school paying for ambience seems a common thing for pulic events , its like 7 bucks for a hotdog and can of pop at the local 4th of july festival back home . i thought perth was rather nice . i drive very carefully , because there are manics on every corner and in every driveway just waiting to ram into me . that may be true ... but i'll still be letting other folks be the ones to do it . : wink : nope ... dont want to be in charge at all ever . just let me be a worker bee wheres a thumbs up smiley when i need one ? : wink : oh ... yeah ... we are gonna be ranting today ... i really hate the people who call in with complaints about maps when the map they are looking at is 10 years old ... and we've since updated the thing ... butterscotch ? if it is save some for me ! ! ! : wink : dunno , i cant find a post to see what it is . ( rather like ol ' doc brennan in her profile tho : wink :) i prefer escalators anyways one class was remote sensing ( prof gave me a a - ) the other was my geography capstone ( got a b there ) what about if you are a good guesser ? : wink : i didnt have a choice , it was write paper or write paper ( luckily not 40 pages cause im willing to bet i hate .. no ... despise , writing even more than ... i think theres a fair amount of beef farming in canuckistan ( and i hear that they even have flush toilets there now in the great white north ) : wink : nope just contemplating the mysterys of the universe . or maybe it was reading online comic strips ... you know tomayto tomahto : wink : i'm paranoid about the reason you keep winking at me . : confused :( now the tounge ... that i get : wink :) hehe i have no one so i do them all . yeah , i can relate , i've been here in nc 5 years and i still dont really know anyone outside of work . earth : tongue : seriously tho , i think its a futile exercise to meet insert specific mbti type here . its not like you can walk into a bar and tell which people are which type . one can only do ... art vandelay ? you need to use your fo-fum instead : wink : worked for me . : happy : well ok ... im a scorpio , i like long walks on the beach , rodeo and shuffleboard . i hate party games and people who aren't real . oh ... wait , you meant sumthin ' else dinchya ' ? : wink : <hugs> for da nosilla , things wont suck forever . p . s . do you like birthday cake ? i have cake : wink : you can have some . rantystuff ... ran over somethign this morning , and my tyre is coming ... well this istj prefers bluejeans and t-shirts i've been betrayed by people i thought were friends many times . i no longer attempt to make new friends and do nothing i cant do on my own as i know i can rely on no one at all ever . judging by their posts its the cult of keyboard diarrhea : laughing : maria bamford , jeff dunham , ron white personally i'd avoid jeff foxworthy , bill engvall and larry the cable guy . ( but thats just me ;-) ) i'm right behind you ! ! ! bwahahaha ! ! ! no can do ... : wink : like i said i only have 2 pics of myself , you've seen one and the other looks the same : wink : that is so true , if only someone would join and pick a username that starts with o : wink :: laughing : welll ... not really . in my case anyways . i have 2 pics of myself , and you've seen one of them . '