' i've ended up at a worse place than i've ever been . i'm going away for 10 months to try and get better . maybe get rid of that chronic emptiness that i've yet to get rid of , and i started this thread ... i have too many scores i love to have a favorite , this one's great too .  you got a great taste in music . i didn't know anyone else knew about trip lee and i've played getting into you a few times at my church before  lord of the rings star wars , all 6 the last samurai the last of the mohicans i just found this , and was intrigued because i didn't know he was so open about his faith .  i usually get infp . on this i got infj by 1 or 2 % , followed by isfp . i'm probably somewhere between the three . but i didn't score very high at all on the s . and i barely got j over p . makin ' me ... it depends on the music . i like pretty much any type , as long as it is in my opinion , good music . but if its nostalgic i'll get nostalgic and sentimental . if its uplifting it will usually lift me ... what do you like to do ? play any video games ? i'd be down to help you find a hobby :) today i feel okay . i can't say that i feel great . things are going well for me but financially i've been careless and that's causing a lot of stress . i'm trying to become self-sufficient but its hard ... 29228chris mccandless  perhaps the reason the infp values aren't discussed concretely much is that they aren't very concrete to begin with . i know for me my values and the principles and things i adhere to tend to ... i'm 21 and still a virgin . i might be a little too picky , but every few months or so i fall for someone i have a chance with , and end up falling on my face because i get attached wayyy too fast . i'm ... i consider myself somewhat of a christian , but i'm only 21 and was atheist / agnostica from about 18-20 . so i can relate . i've also seen this in a few of my friends , however not so serious as going to ... i wish i could call myself a positive person . it does depend on the mood i'm in , but i'm probably overwhelmingly negative . i tend to expect negative , because high expectations leads to getting let ... eek . probably should've posted in a subforum that isn't so damn popular lol . it's good you're reaching out for help ! i received congressional nominations to west point and annapolis . west point offered to fly me up , and i visited annapolis . but they turned me down for ... so i moved to florida 14 months from texas , where i had lived my entire life . i came for rehab and i'm doing much better now . but , i feel less and less connected as time goes on . i've made a boatload ... so hello and nice to meet ya . these peeps keep tellin ' me i'm isfp , and i think i could be . so , yep . 28931 this is a picture of me i like a little more . i probably look like this more often than the other 28880me . in honduras . on a mission trip taking care of myself seems to do wonders . brush my teeth , take a shower , eat well . exercise ( maybe ) . it helps to pray , though many may , by default , be opposed to the idea . don't dwell on the ... do s's enjoy more mindless kind of movies , and n's thriller / thinkers kind of things ? i'm still not entirely sure if i am s or n , but i would bet n . i need a movie that makes me think , unless i'm ... merry / happy christmas , happy chanukah , happy kwanzah , and anything else i forgot . i pray you have a wonderful time with your family or whoever you are close to . if you aren't close to anyone make ... hey guys , i'm adopted and have had a relationship with my biological mother my entire life . i always thought it made everything okay but i'm starting to realize it kind of confused me as a kid . i'm ... i'm highly sensitive to emotional stimuli , not physical . i'm in my head a lot so most of my energy is spent emotionally and mentally , not physically i need more owners for a money league , just 15 bucks and its online so i'm not taking your money ( not unless i win ) . let me knwo if you're interested add and adhd are extremely over-diagnosed . many that have it don't know and many that are diagnosed don't have it . it could have to do with your current situation , your psyche , or your personality ... ind . straight christopher mccandless and tyler durden just from what i know about myself , i daydream too much to not be a dreamer . i'm also extremely artistic ( music , movies , photography ) . so i have developed some s too . but i think i'd like to think ... this usually helps me out . this song i mean . www.youtube.com/watch?v=yigwpref7de this one too , with me being far away from home . well we didn't acknowledge each other at church on sunday which is odd and i hadn't texted her in weeks so i was like screw it and just asked her what was up with her ... she's so insensitive help ... i'm feelin so down right now i just got this text from a girl i've had a crush on for months . it broke my heart . this is exactly what i mean :/ i'm feeling so down right now . because i can sense you like me i do not want ... so i just lost the first round of my playoffs in fantasy football :/ . started the wrong * * * in ' guys . i know the chances are slim but is anyone interested in fantasy basketball ? payouts would be ... i have noticed . thats still what i'm leaning towards , but also isfj and esfp and esfj . 112 views and 13 points i want your opinion i don't care how much you know lol mostly smaller groups of friends i shouldnt have made 2 threads . look at my what's my type form down a few spaces in this subforum stop this train by john mayer '