' thank you for your response ! many things had happened this past summer before she left , but i can now say that i understand where i stand with her now ! yeah , i ` m really surprised at the lack of ... hey there ! i definitely don ` t want to upset you ( or any esfj ` s ) by saying this , but i feel you might have some input to what i have to say ... i find it really hard to communicate with esfj ` s . i ... personally , i don ` t think anyone is less than me based off of anything . we are all humans and should be treated with the utmost respect and dignity . being a christian , i hold certain beliefs about ... i ` ve talked to her friends , and they all like me ! but even they dont know what mindset she is in for being in a relationship , since she will be moving 5hrs away in the fall . ok ! so she has previously invited me along like i ` m trying to see a show with some of my friends this weekend , would you be free to join ? or when she had a theatre performance , she asked me if i ... first , thank you for responding so quick ! i really appreciate any feedback ! ok , i reread it and this is my takeaway ... she did show displeasure about how her previous relationship ended , and ... both of us will be sophomores in college this fall , we ` ve been friends on and off for a year . the guy she had dated before , she had been close friends for 3 years ( to my knowledge ) . distance ? she ... woah woah woah ... i like an esfj , and her past relationship ended badly . as in , he broke up with her around new years and just dropped off the face of the earth . then he came back months later and ... i would keep an eye on long term goals , that seems to be the only point that was brought up by socionics . so far , has there been any long term goals expressed by either parties ? best of luck to ... esfps are more likely to use special rituals or other culturally accepted formalities when forming relationships with others . what that means is that the emotional proximity and relationship status ... 1 . i would think about how the decision would impact me , and how it would impact my life short term . 2 . group of friends , as long as we had stuff to do that kept us entertained and busy . 3 . i ... please keep this quiz forever , this is perfect : laughing : i seriously enjoyed that : laughing : i got esfp , of course :P hmm , very nice . i ` m going the management consulting / quality management system consulting route . got to knock out that bba real quick though ! i can relate to the drive of having a successful ... you scored 79.167 out of 100 masculine points , 63.333 out of 100 feminine points , and 70.833 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . dad and bio-mom was great , until right after they got married she started to go extremely religious and wanted to settle down . they didn ` t know eachother for very long and my bio-mom wanted to get ... myself : esfp 3w2 dad : enfp 7w8 bio-mom : esfj 6w5 stepmom : istj ( no clue enneagram ) older sis : isxj younger sis : enxp i know you are my complete opposite as an infj , but this completely resounded with me ! i ` ve dealt with so many types , and i always get the feeling that just because there is an issue , anything we ... hmm ... this happens to me too at the end ( or my perception at least ) of the relationship ( or whatever it was at that point in time ) . i can totally feel that repeated conversation point , i hate to ... i am also an esfp , who also does administrative work ( bba mgmt major ) and i have a above average iq . esfp ` s get such a bad rap , since people think we want to party xd if i held a preconceived notion about the person already , then it might possibly be a cause for me to act . if i didn ` t consider them in that way , then it wouldn ` t do anything i didn ` t want to take away anything from the meaning of your previous post ! i think the worst people are not those who can ` t articulate their feelings , but those who do have feelings articulated to ... i apologize for pointing out that little tidbit of information , i definitely agree with you ! however , i ` ve been burned by people who care much less about friendships / relationships than i do , so i ... i totally get that , and i loathe people who cannot be adults and use words to describe how they feel . however ... there are a good handful of people / mbti types that are notorious for not handling ... 1 . texting back more than 2 days later 2 . withdrawal of invites to go do fun stuff at a moments notice , possibly leaving plans open enough that they leave room for convenient stuff to come up ... i have a friend that is an esfj , but she told me she had an occasion where she was mistyped as an enfp because of the ne circumstance you were talking about . im just trying to understand how she ... do you think that someone should take this into account when dealing with an esfj in that age range ? ive seen that mistype with my friend also . don ` t stop caring , but be a little more cautious of whom you give that care to . if i told you i had an esfj in my life that i wish would care more , would you believe me ? i ` ve always perceived the esfj ` s caring to be basic , as in they put all people on the same level . some people require less care , and some people require more , they just need to use caution with how ... as an esfp , my weaknesses would be organization and cleanliness , and i can forget to do mundane stuff on time , like laundry or taking out the trash . but what i consider my biggest weakness i ... care with authenticity daily : db11 grocery-getter : focus rs weekend car : 1968 camaro ss esfp lawful good pretty true , either that or chaotic good 1 . ) i wear contacts . this is true 2 . ) forget ? about what ? i don ` t remember we are all individuals , anyone can be promiscuous i keep running into you on this esfj topic ... must be fate i honestly really like what most people consider attributes of an esfj , i really appreciate what their type , as well as other types , ... : sun-smiley :: sun-smiley :: sun-smiley :: sun-smiley : spot on ! i ` d like to back him up and say that i have noticed alot of the previously mentioned traits in an esfj that i know . they have an idea of a perfect everything , and have this internal set of ... hello all ! my friend heard me talk about myers briggs yesterday and she was curious what her type was ! she took a couple of tests ( and got enfp and esfj ) , but she was curious what you all thought ! ... 1 ) esfp 2 ) if i care about what i am saying , then i take the time to spell you . if im bored or not interested , it becomes u 3 ) every day , more leaning to the side of every other day . usually ... yes , i am religious ! building on to that , my first impression of an esfj can be summed up to this : very kind , very talkative ( mostly about light hearted topics , nothing deep ) , and very ... airy . almost in a ... girl i like is an esfj , what are the chances of me finding you over here xd i understand why i do it better than i can explain it , so bear with me ! :D in my mind you are one of two people to me ... my good ( close ) friend , or a stranger . the grey area are half of the people i ... i ` m an esfp and i hate having distant friendships ... hmm [ quote = mcnn 4 ; 3605333 8] answer to your 5 things : 1 . adventures seem very ne ? 2 . definitely has fe or just extroverted qualities 3 . so very emotional ? fi ? 4 . ne for sure 5 . risk taking behavior ... i would ` ve guessed entj but your prof . was a giveaway :P 1 . i love going on adventures 2 . i love meeting new people 3 . all the feelings , all the time 4 . not great at planning , very spontaneous ... hey there ! ive seen you around a good bit on the esfj forums , so would you please enlighten me on how to be the best kind of friend to an esfj ? she stays extremely busy and im trying to leave the ... 110 % sure . she was the one to introduce me to mbti ! curious how things turned out ! ! ! i actually just talked to her recently ! i was open and honest , and she explained to me that her and her family are involved in everything . even when she is busy , she has friends at work , school and ... '