' well exactly i was just replying because some people just rely on testing withiut considering the probability that the test is crap . either way , i believe thats true i am definetely an entp after ... read the question please . i have taken questionnares . i have considered it just because i didnt say so it doesn't mean i didn't . the option got eliminated . temperament wise i always test as nt . i ... i'll tell you when i get out of i overindulge in sweets and expensive teas and ignore my health until i drop with pain . well if seriously , retrospective introspection and probably something along ... you won't . you'll just be jelly their ability of being able to stick with things and drive isfj friend bananas by changing topics every 3 ... omg you know what thats so true si is horrible ! ! ! i need an isfj best friend immediately to learn how to use that function : joy :: joy : according to this i'm entp got fe tertiary and si inferior . :) 1 . i can blend well with people and i can make friends quite easily i have many friends the problem is for me it is actually a challenge i had to learn ( like how to speak to people and all that at ... infj i would say definitely lots of fe there . i can't tell your introverted function though :/ so you could be isfj . thank you for your reply . the functions are very challenging to fully comprehend . i dont know if its just me but i find the descriptions overlapping with one another . using jungian typology i get intj while using mbti i get intp . my friends believe i'm an extrovert almost ambivert . ( in their terms ) i do relate more to intj but i am very messy and ... i would like real life examples of the functions because am getting a bit confused . sometimes you can relate to both for example se and si how would you distinguish your preference if you feel ... hello everyone . i have been typed as an intp and i have a few doubts if that is indeed my type . can you please help me validate it or reject it ? my concerns are mainly three : 1 . my friend is ... seems about right to me . i am not sure though the esfp seems more like an enfp . i've noticed a lot of sensors getting mixed up for intuitives and its usually the fps ( se and ne ) i was wondering what are the main differences perceived . i was reding a few books about the ... isfp - fi for sure strong values se - activities also the way you write indicates common sense which the infp lacks usually . for me infp however i cant tell if you re se or ne so i would suggest for you to look into the functions . search fi for an in depth description because i think you re confused between fi and fe ( ... from your answers your inferior function is either te or si so either infp or enfp . no chance fot isfj as you said the ne function is the easiest to do :) hope i helped . from my experience ne dom or auxilary has a hard time identifying themselves ( ne and the 1000 possibilities ) . anyways , since i've been where you are i ll ask you a few questions . we will look ... there are 2 people person a and person b i know them both very well ( person a more since we were born ) we re friends since childhood so here are the descriptions : person a - she is very ... thank you for your thorough explanation . i think im an entp . :) there is person a and person r , they re very difficult to type i am thinking they re intj and infj but i'm unsure since i haven't been able to type myself anyways here it goes . person a ... i am ne dominant or auxiliary but i have trouble identifying which one fits me best . what is the difference between ti and fi and how can you understand it ? it is very difficult for me to identify ... from a personal perspective , i don't understand the functions very well ( jungian functions ) . i think i understand it at first and then i find similarities between descriptions and the lines become ... i am very confused with the functions and i always doubt myself and others about typing accuracy . i admit i am a very random person and i change a lot i can act between different extremes which ... yay bts ! honestly they're very quickly becoming my favorite group . here's what i think ~ jin : ixfx of sorts . probably isfp suga : honestly he has me stumped , he's my bias so of course i really ... im quite sure they're infps . i know currently 3 , they re not logical its the opposite . i find them over emotional and at times what they say is really not making sense . while they have said to me ... 225218 just in case you can't see it again ! se -28.5- average use si -23.5- limited use ne -29.3- average use ni -40.8- excellent use te - 38 - excellent use ti -32.8- good use fe -22.3- limited use ... i have the same thoughts but i thought it was because of our age . ( i am 18 ) . i think i have add and some sort of bi polarity but i am still unsure since my parents believe that i am over analyzing ... nt here and i love korean dramas ! ! how can you not ? but i left like 12 in the middle cause i had shit to do . i prefer rom-coms though can't deal with dramas that expect you to cry-overdramatic confused ! @_ @ i don't know my mbti type . first time i took the mbti test i was 14 and i got typed as infp . two years later i retook the test and i got entp . now that i am 18 i have taken ... can someone type bts ? ? i don't really know i guess since tao is not my bias i haven't paid enough attention on him . xd but i ll go with the esfp for now except if anyone else comes up with more evidence @_ @ bangtan i ... hey sorry , i did not explain it properly . what i meant was that in general he wants to do things on his own which could express obtaining energy from time alone while he spends energy from social ... to be honest when he said that his best company is himself - about the beach thing-i was caught off guard . i am not into enneagram much but he could have an unusual mbti / enneagram combination i would ... i didn't know cause like my best friend is an intp and they re just so similar shes a crybaby too . but considering how inaccurate most tests are it could be wrong . and it could be that i know her too ... well i first took the mbti test when i was 14 and i ended up with infp / intp however since then i realised that it can't be intp since i was always criticised by others as being too aloof and blunt ... i agree with you maybe he is possibly quite balanced ? ? but then hes a bit too random for an intp xd i ll keep him as an inxp i m pretty sure about chen too , he has that entp sassyness . hahaha ... oh my sorry such a late reply xd but i wanted to say when i wrote this i wasn't into mbti as much so i think i agree with you on everything . but i have a few questions to ask . 1 . i am really ... no i have had quite a few bad intp experiences which i'm pretty sure they weren't intjs they were my colleagues they always did things last minute and they were pretty lazy not as lazy as me but ... thanks for replying ! i will check out the forum . yeah i made her take the test a lot of times . i am pretty sure shes an intp . however i think her t is not very strong . since seing your pov right now i would say shes more emotional . since i have the ... 1 ) what is your mbti type ? entp / entj i swap between the two 2 ) what is your gender ? female 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) entj - because they get things done and ... heyy everyone ! so i took my first mbti test 3 years ago and i got infp , now i am 18 and i took the test again i got entp with enneagram 7w6 . i retook the test several times and i tried new ones as ... i do agree with you its their arrogance i dislike the most and their ego . i was better than the certain intp i am talking about in pretty much all subjects i slept in class and got as she tried and ... i ve got exo guys ! kai - istp explains why he matches with taemin as well since taemin is an isfp d . o - istj leaning towards f thinking he is probably a 4 or a 6 enneagram suho-isfp pretty sure ... hey everyone ! so which personalities have you found less matching with yours ? personally intp's i guess its cause they re moody and they need to relax at times especially when arguing when i ... hey everyone so i tested first time 2 years ago i was 15 and i got infp i thought everything was perfect but then i noticed at home i am really not like an infp i would say its like a mask i tend to ... big bang gd-esfp he just seems like tht to me top-isfp hes not a thinker :P he looks like a feeler to me jaejoong 100 % an enfp <3 i love enfp's ^ ^ dara - infp for sure ! yonghwa-esfp jonghyun-infj or infp jungshin-infj or isfj minhyun - isfp i am an infp and maths is one of my favourite subjects , but i hate everything to do with ict , computer design , technology etc etc i did it as a lesson and it was horrible so why are infp's supposed ... '