' it's definitely a genetic thing . that's not to say that homosexuality is a faulty thing or a genetic disease . it's just what people are and as much of a choice as choosing your eye colour , height ... 9338593386 we love our clients , they feed our sarcasm designers graphically represent awful client feedback [ 30 pictures ] | 22 words i loved learning but hated the educational method of it . when it came to subjects i liked i remember reading further than i was supposed to , always being a few steps ahead of the rest of the class ... it's more or less what scruzz said above . try to embrace what you perceive as flaws . find small tricks to push yourself without overdoing it . try not to feel like an outcast outside of social ... 86033 well , in terms of religion , what happened in the past doesn't bother me that much . it's a repeating pattern throughout history and it's part of human nature and it ( kinda ) makes sense considering how ... intp - chaotic neutral 8463184632 8463384634 84635 i don't think i had been blown away like this since primordial's nameless dead album . it's the instrumental version and got it linked since it's that extra cd you get on the limited edition . ... 80934 at work : go for it and don't worry , guys . it'll make sense in the end .  just ice cold water and some chocolate bars for when my glucose drops low . i prefer to keep mine as empty as possible since i decide what to eat in a whim ( thus having lots of stuff expiring ) and to ... speaking from my own point of view , i'd go to the faraway uni . i prefer smaller towns , people are more colourful ( for lack of better word ) and , besides , experiencing and learning new stuff on my ... 77881 nothing goes better with bourbon than this :  sheets of empty canvas , untouched sheets of clay were laid spread out before me as her body once did . all five horizons revolved around her soul as the earth to the sun now the air i tasted and ... oh well , here's me ... 76957 and here's one of my toys and me , doing what i love the most : 76958 fail post . i'll try later again to link the gifs , need to procrastinate now . i find eye contact somewhat uncomfortable , only yearning for it sometimes when i'm intimate with my partner . when i'm out with friends my stare is all over the place , looking around just in case ... * * * warning * * * this image is of a graphic nature to most intps : 76809 i can't organize a simple thought and , unless i'm really really focused on a task , my mind seems to wander all over the place . one minute i'll be thinking about the meaning of life , then ask myself ... mamacikiciki , you can not selectively choose who has a right and who hasn't . they become privileges if you do and that's unacceptable . opinions like yours are what's wrong with our kind and make me ... thanks for the insight , abdurrahman . it's always nice to have a different perspective from what we usually get in the media . could you also please shed some light to a couple of things ? first , ... 76713 i see your cameron , and raise you by a hovind . i could go with both father and son , but i'm feeling surprisingly merciful tonight . yes ! finally , someone else who gets it ! wile e is my childhood hero , with tom being his awesome sidekick . now , let's hope that joel schumacher won't turn that one into a movie ... different people for different situations . my brothers ; they never bother asking me what's wrong , they never criticize or give advice . they just ... listen and they both have this inane ability to ... just out of morbid curiosity , i borrowed a couple of paulo coehlo books . it took 5 pages to switch to a permanent diet of soups only ; that's how much my teeth cringed . despite some of its flaws , okami has won my heart . the following also come to mind , which means i'll probably miss quite a few : vagrant's story baldur's gate skweek legend of mana binding of ... 7646476465 76466 also , you have to love those ' 80s absurdly bad movies . 7641776418 i was raised as an orthodox but , being an inquisitive mind , i've completely rejected all kinds of religion . like most atheists , i could write an essay on what had pushed us away from religion , but ... 76406 excuse me while i beat myself with a tuna for not coming even close to thinking of such riffs . it's a bit wierd and , sometimes , intimidating that quite a few people i've met consider me their friends and glad to see me around even though i haven't even warmed up to them . there are so many songs in my collection , it's not even funny . i'll pick this one , just because it's more representative of my style . though if you had asked last week , it would have been some 1950 ' s ... for those i love , respect and keep close to me , i'm really brutal when they ask my opinion about anything . i feel like it's my obligation to do so if no one else does , and it's also how i like others ... best hygiene routine . i used to drink a lot , spending about 30-40 hours a week down my local pub . not anymore , though i still like getting tipsy once in a while just for the mere fact that it blows my social inhibitions ... 35 and 186 cm . people that i hang out with are shorter than me and quite smart . but then again , i hate hanging out with stupids unless it's for the entertainment value . i treat books the same way i treat music - depending on the mood and having quite a wide range of interests i'll go back into rereading passages and certain chapters . there are quite a few books that ... '