' i have met both my neighbors on either side and i don't like them , lol nobody likes the family on one side , not even the park caretaker . they're your typical trailer trash family , i had 2 ... i was forced to move here because i can't afford to live closer to the populated areas . i mean the rent is literally hundreds of dollars less here . i was living with my mom for 5 years and depressed ... that's what someone else suggested too but i can't afford it , there is a monthly fee , like you have to pay every month that you are the organizer of a group . mostly time , yeah ... i'm already limited the way it is with my sleep disorder , i usually can't get anywhere before 3 or 4 in the afternoon , and that's in town , if i want to drive to a big city i'd ... i can't afford to have a pet , or i would have a cat ( i hate dogs , lol ) but an animal can't have deep philosophical conversations with you , lol that's what makes me feel lonely , when i can't do that ... i checked it out , there is one about an hour from here ... typical . that might work though , if they have gatherings closer to my area . i'll never be able to make their sunday morning church services ... i don't follow a religion , i just consider myself spiritual . i am a member of a few spiritual groups on meetup but as is the case with all of them , they're too far away or they only meet when i'm ... lol yeah that bugs me too . but that is why i like talking to people online so much , because they are more open . people in real life don't say a fraction of what they would say online , including ... well i just spent an hour joining more groups on meetup , i'm probably a member of close to 50 of them now ... although when i looked at all their upcoming events , they're all during the week , or in the ... those are great ideas , although not so great for an introvert , lol i am not a leader , i am a follower . starting my own group would make me feel like a party planner or something like that , then ... oh wow , lol i wonder how many there are , i'm in one called nite owl and another called dsps . thanks ... well it's only on saturdays but from what it sounds like , it ends up being most saturdays ... i'm really trying ... it isn't a matter of finding a group to join , i'm actually in a ton of groups , but they all meet during the week when i'm working or during the day when i'm sleeping , or they are ... wow it's very rare to find someone who has that who isn't in the facebook group , lol non - 24 sounds like a worse nightmare , i'm thankful i don't have that . i am dreading saturdays now because our ... i actually did almost start a meetup group until i found out you have to pay for it . i can't afford that . i'm living alone in a trailer so all the bills are on me . in fact my last 2 jobs paid less ... friends are a must for the same reason humans need social interaction . i don't get it at work or at home , and i have issues with my family , so i need somebody in my life , i can't just be isolated all ... do you have dsps too ? yep it's a combination of that , infp ( actually introversion by itself , plus i have a little social anxiety ) , it isn't just one thing . the age thing too . i know it's harder for ... the problem with joining photography groups online is nobody ever wants to meet up . they all live too far away or all they wanna do is share pictures . there is one guy who actually lives in my town ... oh yeah that's exactly how he is ... but believe it or not he's been my best friend for about 25 years . he didn't always used to be this selfish and self centered and uninterested in my life , only ... yeah i think i mentioned i am in about 20 groups on meetup . the problem is my hours are so goofy because of work and my sleep disorder so the only time i can do anything is evenings / nighttime on ... i've been trying . there is a prominent nature photographer right in my town ( we're in the middle of nowhere so i was shocked to even find one , lol ) so i sent him a message but he ignored it :-( there ... i just checked it out , it looks pretty cool ... it looks similar to the other 3 groups i joined like that , so we'll see if i have better luck with this one . thanks ! edit ; i'm on the site now , is ... so far i haven't found anything i can do , it's either stuff i have no interest in or it's during the week when i work . my free time is pretty much only on weekend evenings / nights which doesn't leave ... i've already tried those things ... i am a member of like 20 groups on meetup , and out of the ones that actually do things , they always schedule stuff for weekdays and i can't make it because of work ... lol maybe so . i just want to lead a healthier lifestyle and that involves no alcohol . i was never an alcoholic but i was a strong binge drinker who drove drunk too many times and i don't want to put ... i am a 43 year old female . right now i am finding my life seriously lacking in the friend department and i can't seem to fix it . as i get older , my number of friends dwindles down less and less , it's ... i say i can't because i really can't . this disorder is incurable and gets worse as people get older . no matter what i do , i will be sleep deprived even after one day of getting up before noon . i ... but i'm not depressed right now , lol my feelings are just part of my philosophy . you wouldn't tell someone who believes in a buddhist lifestyle that they are depressed if they want to go live in a ... oh i'm sorry i didn't clarify that enough , i did read the book , i did do the exercises . i just meant that even after that , i didn't learn anything i didn't already know . i know what i would like to ... my depression was situational , not chemical . i don't needs meds to make mine go away , i need my situation to changed . needed i should say , since that is in the past now . the only thing i was ... well i mentioned that one only because the other things i want to do aren't jobs that have college classes or degrees . like photography , i have already taken online classes for that so the rest is ... lol i would never even try to change the entire world to go backwards just for me ( and the minority who think like me ) . i am not expecting it to change for me . i am just stating my opinion about why ... i have that book , lol my gym trainer actually recommended it to me a year ago . it isn't that i can't find anything i want to do , it's mostly that what i want to do involves having to be up in the ... exactly . not only was it not worth my time , i didn't sleep much because there were 2 separate appointments and of course they schedule things for the daytime so both of those days i only got a few ... i know it can happen to either , but i am a member of an introvert support group and almost all of them have a phone phobia too . i've also read it in countless articles that introversion is connected ... i live in minnesota , but that's irrelevant ... i've already tried to find online horticulture degrees and there are none , nor are there any nighttime classes for that . but like i said , it doesn't ... i am feeling inspired now ! :-) i just need to find the right people who can support me on this . someone who has the money and the time and can take my idea and make it happen and hire me for $ 12 an ... at this point going back to no internet would be a huge problem , so i understand that would be detrimental to us . as much as i want to live as close to naturally as possible , i still value the ... ahhh ... if only ! i guess i would need to find a trustworthy partner since running a business is far from my idea of a perfect job . i just want to work there , lol i finally found a few quotes / articles , i see this kind of stuff all the time on facebook but wouldn't you know when i'm trying to find it to show someone , it seems elusive , lol ; normal is getting ... i finally found a few quotes / articles , i see this kind of stuff all the time on facebook but wouldn't you know when i'm trying to find it to show someone , it seems elusive , lol ; normal is getting ... i can think of a few jobs i would be happy in , for the most part , but with my dsps and frugal values , i can't get them . people keep saying all i have to do is go to college and i could get a good job ... i don't have problems keeping a stable job , i chose to quit those jobs because they were stressful for me . i worked at one job for 18 years , and one of my jobs fired me after 3 years but i would have ... some problems are more easily solved than others . having an incurable disorder that keeps you out of commission for the majority of the productive time of the day for society is something i can't ... you must have missed a lot of my posts , i have been to doctors and therapists , my depression was only situational ( when i was living with my mom ) . i'm not depressed right now , i am just in a world ... yeah , and like i said , that is what we should go back to . it's the natural way to live . i meant with money . you don't see them having to sacrifice the majority of their time on earth to get little pieces of paper so they can eat that night and have a place to sleep . humans are evolved ... thinking that the government should help people out does mean that you think the world owes them something . so which is it , lol i believe everyone is entitled and is owed something . the beautiful ... yes yes yes ! ! ! :-) i did that , but it still only covers a small percentage . and even if it was all paid for free , i still can't find a school with all night classes . and even if there was one , i wouldn't be able to ... i was happy enough there , i guess ... i didn't spring out of bed and look forward to my work day but the job wasn't stressful and i got paid good . i still longed for more free time to enjoy my hobbies , ... '