' welcome callmeleigha ! ! :) it's always nice to have a new face . i've dated a few intj's and am currently in an amazing relationship with one ! from my experience yes they like us . xd when we aren't being to loud or overly idealistic hehe.it is definitely ... when i get dark , i read darker topics , i take joy from other pain , i don't feel connections , emotional response and empathy become lacking , manipulation becomes easy peasy , also prefer to avoid ... this thread is just amusing ! ! constantly being added to and updated . :D makes me happy to know others hear things so im not the only odd ducky ^ . ^ i am currently dating an intj and have dated some in the past.not intentionally ! i am just drawn to them . i like how they stand out . :) wasn't saying it was bad :P just stating it can be beneficial.actually all the infp's i know and are aware of don't curse period ! is odd.because to me a word is a word.just matters the context.they ... it's been tested and found sometimes the people who swear most often are the most trustworthy ! also swearing has been shown to relieve stress and anxiety . so , i am a newer person to this site.obviously still trying to understand a lot ! but what is with the talk of a sick or immature enfp's ? have any of you ever been ' sick ' or dealt with other enfp's who ... i am an f female and i can't stand crying.it makes me feel awkward . i hate crying myself , i hate seeing people cry.all of it is just erm um * pat on the back * are you okay ? perhaps . taylorp feel free to message anytime ! besides support is nice for everyone :) perhaps she just isn't ready.you mentioned she was scared ? also some enfp's are afraid of perfection or what seems to be good for us.so stick around and try and bear with her.she is probably aware of ... what happened ? is she ignoring you ? well thank you greatly for your replies ! they are valued :) it is kind of rude in my opinion for him to cut me off . especially after months of not talking . the problem became when he spoke to me out ... taylorp do you think maybe he couldn't handle it since a few days later he said he couldn't talk to me again ? i'm curious . i followed the advice given.and moved on.but he reached out to me , and said me he missed me .. could not have put it better myself ! yes small dogs . i am terrified of them.don ' t know why . i fear heights , getting drunk , being bipolar , people hurting me.and small dogs o . 0 : unsure : that sounds correct actually.seeing as he requested similar action.he asked i delete him from social media and such.but gave me a number to call one day if i am single and still want to be friends or ... he's the exact same.very strict in his moral code.which i respect.also you are correct it is hard to see all possibility end . but if it was me single , and he had a gf . no matter how much pain it caused i would still be there for him ! i suppose that is what bothers me most . so i am sure i'm not the first to have this problem but i need help understanding it.supposedly enfp's and intj's make really great pairs.well when i first met a particular one he seemed to have ... thanks ! ! thank you for sharing , i understand more now . maybe it's just my emotional attachment.but i find it hard to believe a person who says they love someone would drop them.over a few words ! but i suppose you could be correct . snapple then why would he give me his contact info and say when i am single talk to him again ? also thank you for replying . register thank you i found this very helpful ! i just shocked by the abrupt end i suppose.but the arguing over it was mostly him trying to get a black and white answer.where is i felt strongly in the ... so i am sure i'm not the first to have this problem but i need help understanding it.supposedly enfp's and intj's make really great pairs.well when i first met a particular one he seemed to have ... i am very close to an intj and it's annoying obvious that he balances me . i rather hate to admit i need him . for explain just the other day . me i can't do this work ! ! i need to explore ! live ! be ... anytime ! kittynip very cute and clever ! also random observation it seems like mostly guys on this site.but random thought you know how like sometimes you can just tell the gender of a person by what / how they write even online ? only me ? i ... become a personal shopper or secret shopper.both are sweet jobs ! i know i'm not infp but i stumbled across this . i just want to thank you all.reading these helped me see i'm not alone.because i as well get punished still ( i'm 17 ) for reasons often unknown . i also ... awww.these are so beautiful.each and every story ! : blushed : i would propose totally.if i felt it was right . i mean really.if i like a guy enough to be fully committed and see myself settling down with him i would ask.heck if he was a romantic i would get down ... meow.um emiebean is a perky lil thing.she is always happy and loving ! except in bad moods : 3 hehe . emiebean is super silly , loves painting , and perc . always she tends to babble a lot , kinda ... oh ! ! ! well in that case be real with them.tell them look your a great person.but your ego .. is kinda big.watered down it sounds mean but you know your friend better then me . i mean i kinda get it , when ... sai mostly just listen.or try telling them how great they are you know compliments ( we tend to feed off those things :P ) . but it could also be they just need space ? really depends how they are ... moby your comments just always seem to lift my spirits and make me smile . also i inspireothers by talking to everyone . i'm fine with everyone and love talking to people.not to mention how ... my latest dream was a odd one . i was at a funeral and looked older say about 25/26 range.but when i looked in the casket it was me ! but a child me.or should i say me now.haha.it was just odd.and ... tharwen small things can be big things.or just have meaning that draws a reaction.also being hurt over little things i tend to ( i can't speak for all enfp's ) overthink it and think of every reason ... i saw it mentioned guys have a problem of being called to feminine . :/ i get called to masculine ! even if i'm in a dress.kinda makes me sad.do other enfp girls have this issue ? hi just how i get called childish , i mean yeah i may be 17 a child by law.but tell me to grow up ? it hurts me.because i love how goof i can be . i mean yeah i'm serious too . i want to be a politcian or ... i don't think anyone who settles down considers there partner a boring person ? i mean others might but they certainly don't ! most people don't wake up and say oh i wanna find someone boring.to the ... thanks ! haha . in truth when i feel awkward i meow wierdness ik.so mr.cafebot i must fit right in ! huh ? lol ! um whats up with the warning about a horny robot 0 . o just curious . hey people of perc ! i'm emie ! i've posted some.but realized today i never formally introduced myself ! : shocked : gasp ! my bad lol . i'm an enfp.ummm yeah.hope to make some friends and participate in ... reading all these comments is throwing me into deep thought . : confused : i enjoy it.but it does not help my migraine ! '