' isfps can make art out of anything mom entp dad infp with strong te younger brother istj step-father infj ? me infj let's just say that fe is not a big thing in my family ... yes ! and air / earth for nts ? yes . maybe there are certain element combos that are common for all the types . earth it probably common for sjs and some sps . that would make sense . fire is also connected to feeling and to intuition to a certain degree , at least in my mind . i knew you had something stong in virgo ! hehe , tell me about it . sag mercury and ascendant , aries moon and scorpio stellium ( fieriest ( ? ) sign outside of the fire signs don't you think ? ) over ... hm .. what else is there to know ? for me , a general idea is usually enough . if you don't mind me asking , what are your birth positions ? it would be interesting to compare our different approaches ... oh the aspects . the way i think of them are conjunctions are intense . mostly good but very strong . sextiles and trines are good , pleasant and kind of boring . squares are difficult and bad ... that's why you shouldn't try to simplify it too much . there are just so many things to consider ! it's actually just now that i sort of can interpret planetary positions on the top of my head . nothing ... sounds like a plan . :) you seem to know quite a lot about it for that amount of time . me , i started to read about it at like 9 and now i'm 22 . ( gee it's been long ) there are still so many things i ... i agree . still , since so many people are sceptical / have no experience of astrology , i think that makes it even more important that the system works ( hello nts ) . my ni and ti get so excited about this ... a poem i wrote last night about a guy i have a crush on initial spark . intense touch of fingers on your instrument of passion . eyes fixed . first words of compliment . gentle playful ... i think you're on to something ! ascendant : sagittarius sun : scorpio moon : aries mercury : sagittarius venus : libra mars : scorpio jupiter : virgo saturn : aquarius a poem i wrote last night about a guy i have a crush on initial spark . intense touch of fingers on your instrument of passion . eyes fixed . first words of compliment . gentle playful ... this test said lawful good , but i usually test as neutral good . i also got almost equal results for all the good and neutral alignments ( 18 at most 15 at least ) . if anything , i'd say i'm neutral good ... first of all , thank you . second of all , the difference between us and a lot of types in my opinion is that we don't just use our tertiary for fun but also for survival in a way . it is essential ... op here . what you're saying was kind of my point . fe as a way to rationalise ni doesn't work and that it the reason we use so much ti to begin with . i guess what i meant was that we just use fe to ... not really , but i'd love to have better sensing . i'm completely clueless when it comes to most of that kind of stuff . earlier today , i saw a video about different types and their relationship with their child function , which as far as i know is another name for tertiary . that got me thinking about infjs and ti ... ar = 28 as = 26 cr = 25 cs = 19 two chords for four strings by tieferalt on soundcloud - hear the world made this while playing around in logic . i'm reading the first book in that series right now . probably the best fantasy books i've ever read . the skin i live in . mind blown is an understatement . more like having your brains blown out with a shotgun . i'm the oldest and an only child at the same time ( my younger brother is about eight years younger than me ) . another swedish infj here . there seems to be quite a few of us . :) i'm agnostic leaning toward atheism . the reason i don't call myself atheist is that while i don't believe in the christian god , i do believe in some kind of higher power , whatever that may be . most ... i finished to first book a few weeks ago , and i got the sequels for christmas , so now i feel obligated to read them . anyway , my personal opinion . first of all , i originally intended to read the book ... i'm a scorpio with moon in aries and ascendant in sagittarius . my theory is that it's probably common for infjs to have prominent water in their charts , either in strong places or just general ... has anyone around here read 50 shades of grey ? what did you think ? why did you read it ? did you find it to be grounded in reality ? do you have any plans of reading the sequels , if you haven't ? i ... i'm pretty sure my mom is an extp . most likely entp . she's given me lot's of room to be myself , and she has supported me for the most part . still , not the most nurturing person and pretty selfish at ... dad : infp though i thought he was enfp due to a lot ne traits mom : an e with ti / fe , probably estp me : infj brother : extj i think , but he's only 12 mom's husband : inxj , either very ... my favorite fairy tale has always been the tinderbox - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia by hans christian andersen i have no conscious idea of why , but i guess i was attracted to the surrealism ... minst fyra då . :) vi blir bara fler och fler . ;) sang the alto part in this piece a few years ago . i usually don't like 19th century music , but this ... den enda som inte har varit helt emot det var en av körledarna jag hade i gymnasiet . han tyckte bara att det var kul . får och får . jag har gjort det några gånger , men för det mesta vill inte körledare att man / jag gör det , vilket är anledningen till att jag sjunger alt , även om det egentligen inte passar mig ... jag är väldigt mycket alt . inte bara att jag sjunger alt i kör , utan jag-kan-låta-som-en-man-alt . :P skämt å sido är jag mest bekväm med att sjunga tenor , men brukar sjunga alt ändå , för att det ... jag sjunger mest . sen kan jag i teorin spela piano ( bokstavligen . jag kan musikteori , så jag vet massa om ackord och sånt , men jag kan inga låtar och har ingen teknik överhuvudtaget ) . lite samma med ... åhå ! uddevalla är fint . jag pluggar dataspelsutveckling med inriktning på musik . pluggar du nåt själv ? jag är från göteborg , men nu pluggar jag i skövde . och bor på en gård mellan skara och lidköping . xd jag är också svensk . så vi är minst tre . i usually hate rap / hip hop , but this guy . wow . beyond awesome . found this song again after about a year . still almost brings tears to my eyes . aww thank you . : kitteh : i would actually consider myself to be queer , since i in some ways relate better to males than females . the fact that i'm bisexual doesn't really help . xd anyway , i'll ... that's reassuring . :) the most annoying thing for me about being an infj is the strange mix of masculine and feminine characteristics . first of all , there's no doubt that i'm a girl . i'm very ... i guess it's my infj / 4w5 / i-want-to-be-seen-for-who-i-am-ness worrying . xd i love animals in general , but especially cats . i drink coffee , but not on a regular basis . i like mine with just a splash of milk , nothing fancy . except mocha latte . i love that . no need to apologize , you couldn't know that my problem is the opposite of what you thought . : tongue : in fact , what you said i should do to not get unfair advantage over [ my ] peers is actually a ... that's not what i'm saying . : cool : what i want is just for people to not get so hung up on the fact that i'm a girl . i'd rather have people think oh , that song she wrote , it was awesome . i want ... that sounds like a nice list . : cool : seriously though , the thing i'm scared of the most is that people will only see that i'm a girl and not take me , well , seriously . i don't want to be treated ... '