' that's an interesting idea . i'd have to think about how right or wrong i think that is . cuz right away my gut says , yes ! but then my head says - wait a minute - are you sure that's right ? hell , ... yes . this one i'm pretty sure on as we thought about moving away together already just because . i've learned that in order for me to make a truly good decision , i should imagine that i am my ... i think i've just been wrong about how i feel about all kinds of stuff . i've thought and thought until i realized that there can be no set order of moral ideas because no moral rule applies ... nichirenwarrior i love cartoons . i've concluded that the myers briggs system itself supports bias against these qualities in order of descending prejudice : 1 . s - against sensors 2 . e - against extroverts 3 . f - against ... contender personally , i like the sound of being a ' survivor ' the most . need to get more survivory , i think ... but i like the sound of working ... it's all the wild mad scientist and comic book stuff that makes me think that - the bizarre descriptions of things . like pulling a person to a bullet and putting it through them as opposed to ... lotsa times . but i don't want to claim it for several reasons : 1 ) i won't ever seem it to anyone . you'd have to go around practically trying to seem like an intj for someone to really think you ... depends . say if i'm trying to buy a car - i've bought a lot of old ones , because when i look at a new car , i barely even think of it as new - i immediately imagine it dinged , needing an oil change , ... i do it without even thinking about it - i have to actually think about it to stop it . i have to look at a thing and force myself to focus on what it is now to stop from seeing it partially as what ... i found this in a search engine while looking for something unrelated and couldn't help but laugh . typoc vs personality cafe they talk about how much more deep and mature typoc is compared ... when i say not seeing things for what they are , i mean : i will look at a person / situation / object and not see their immediate qualities , but instead see them as partially their potential , to ... no matter how i look at it - i have concluded for sometime now that i like claiming esfp - as i do not believe the myers briggs is truly accurate in describing people , i am not disturbed at claiming ... it's good to hate everything as far as i can tell . it's the only thing that makes sense to do . seriously , thrown into this shit world without even being asked if we want to be here or not and ... yea , i've heard about this book . the thing that struck me as the strangest part about it's popularity is that my mom had read literary porn my whole childhood , women have been doing ... you know , i think this is the same thing i'm doing . this is why i avoid riddles and such , because i become obsessed with it , i become convinced i can ' solve ' it , even when i keep telling myself ... how much time to you spend in the sex and relationships ? as much as i would love to claim maker of most disjointed , bizarre thread on perc , unfortunately , i don't believe i have met the challenge ... no , the point is not that i don't think they're intjs . the point is : 1 ) lots of people think they are intjs and 2 ) people think they can decide other peoples ' types for them . <--- this one was ... dunno enough about him . perhaps i should look him up ? you can tell how i write . look at my whack-ass posts . you know , i didn't actually expect anyone to get upset by this thread . i thought everyone would get it , and just end up discussing with me about their own experiences concerning how they have ... falling back on typism instead of addressing my recent , and if i don't say so myself - epic post ? hmmm . you know , whatever . fi / ti clash , fine . ... read : : well since you say it , i guess must be true ! funny how some people think that whatever they think must be the gospel , but if someone else jokingly affects the same attitude , said people get a bit ... this is not a nobody eats cookies type situation , and you know it . i've explained myself well enough . all this thread is is my observations concerning the way i've seen people using the myers briggs in real life . i already said that the ' ultimate truth ' part implied in the title is exaggerated ... careful , if i can't be the bearer of ' ultimate truth ' on the strength of my own experiences , neither can you . dunno why , but it's a pretty obvious pattern . at least half the people i've met in real life who know what the mbti even is think that they are intjs . or , if i say , hey - take this test for me . i ... not a joke . ' cept for the ' ultimate truth ' part . take it easy . it's just an observation . thread title is great . yes , that's exactly what i'm saying . if you meet anyone in real life who knows even a little about the myers briggs : a ) they probably think they are an intj b ) no matter what type you tell them you are , they will only believe you ... well , i guess this points strongly to what i feel i'm missing in life - somebody wholesome , dependable and concerned . so the ' over the top ' goodness only gives me a sense of wistful loneliness and ... i expect that brain development is dictated by genetics , the same way hair color , eye color , sex and intelligence is . what's funny about this is that people have long ago accepted that many things ... our genetics haven't changed in the slightest . we are the same violent and sex obsessed creatures . hell , take stock of the conversations in this very forum to prove it . whhaaat ? i found him quite loveable ! watched captain america again . decided i believe his movie incarnation is definitely an isfj . i have slowly been moving into rap without noticing . then , just recently , for whatever reason , i suddenly realized that i not only really like it , but i want to know everything about it . i'm ... i hate sloan . it makes me sound bad . i don't know if i am good or bad for reals , but come on ! it can't be as bad as all that ! and as for it being called : sloan , is that because neurotic esfj ... euphoric vaporizer something i intend to invent . estp / istp - criminals and cowboys . sometimes psychotic , sometimes with ' heart of gold ' ( wolverine , tank girl , dirty harry , han solo , athos ) entp - offensive know-it-all . sometimes ... did you misunderstand my post ? this is also surprising to me , but it shouldn't be . surprising because : isn't infp the most prevalent type on this forum ? why it shouldn't be surprising : seems a lot of people want to ' improve ' ... i can say this : e / i - i don't care . but others do seem to think it is better to be an introvert . this is a somewhat crazy idea . the people i see around me who seem the most obviously introverted get ... after years of thought i have finally concluded that everything is genetic . personality , sexuality , intelligence , body type , everything . nurture is an illusion . the person is the same person they ... absurd comedy there are four things about my name that fit me : 1 . my first name's popularity peaked in the united states during the 40 ' s and wwii is one of my big interests , not to mention i like to project ... i don't notice when i'm using sarcasm irl . it seems that others don't notice when i do it , either . it is always either extremely silly sarcasm , or just very mild , so that it doesn't stand out . ... it goes like this : as suggested in the song , there's no use trying to fight public opinion of your own identity whether they are wrong or right . first of all , no matter what you do they're going to ... you need a vacation . tunnel vision is what you've got . things are not as serious as they seem - your feelings will lie to you . if all you want is for other people to be happy , ... '