' finally moved and now i live on my own . it feels like i'm playing real life the sims now . my life feels like a purposeless struggle . i know that suffering is a part of existence but lately it feels that it is the only part . i type quite fast and well not because i want to but because i enjoy it . over the years my skill lead to can you type this for me ? favours . she took it really well . what could she say ? she asked for it and i tried to be tactful as much as i could but she is 40 + and she smoked for 20 + years too . our relationship at work didn't change and ... i feel like i didn't express myself correctly . as individuals we age , grow weaker and die . as a collective we can simply make new fresh humans and we can continue to do so forever . humans as a collective are immortal but not as individuals . unfortunately i know intps only from reading posts on perc . i like them so much that i want to emulate one . one time someone on infj forum wrote something like you sound like my intp friend and i ... i have never socialised with coworkers but 2 weeks ago i went on a pub crawl with few of them for the first time . it happened because i started to apply the ol technique of saying yes more . few ... why most women prefer men older than them ? i probably should ask this question only to females , but i'm interested what infj men think about this one too . i'm asking since i'm 31 and i started ... it is funny how this kind of posts always affect me . probably because i'm type 6 and i know how it is with this kind of feelings that you have . most of your problems can be sorted out with finding a ... i would say that starting projects or anything is often due to procrastination . continuing and finishing is due to boredom with particular project or task etc usually whenever i get enough knowledge ... people who don't know me well say that i'm a funny nice guy . those who know me know that i have issues . 85 % of statistics are made up . yeah man for real . i'm the master of white lies unless someone tells me to be honest . don't worry , everything is going to be ok i'm fine few weeks ago a co-worker asked me to tell her what ... on a daily basis i force-feed myself at 5:30 am with 2x wholegrain with nutella and i wash it down with 3 minute brewed green tea . my dream breakfast ? sirloin steak and 2 shots of rum . i have always wanted to be jerry ... from tom and jerry 1940 - 1958 era . 117902 members , 2359 who have infj in their profile . amount of real infj = real infj + fake infj + infj who identify as something else / 3 everything is fake since it is made up . i would say during my loop i'm being stuck to only one ( mine ? ) perspective and unable to find solution to a problem . each time i would try to see the future outcomes , i would to go trough the steps ... at least she let you know what she is planning to do . for me that kind of behaviour is normal , but mine is a bit more extreme type of isolation . go live your life and every few days / weeks check on ... sometimes the smallest things sets me off . especially when i pretend that i care about my co-workers . - hey man , how you doing ? - can't complain really ? can't complain ? . because i have ... it's funny because it's true . you have already messed up and committed the unforgivable sin . you started asking questions . i would like to have intj roommate . i'm a bit a slob and i would need someone to keep me in check and remind me to clean or do stuff . i think it would be much more organized living in general with ... estp so i could do all the things that i want to . interesting but i'm not sure what is the point . serious practical scientific cold / aloof pessimistic always on time lazy working on your own projects like that : to be honest i would never expect that something like that can be a problem . i don't have any advice for you , but i wish you the best ... rainbowcat i have a question for you . are you a vulcan ? it was like a dream . i had no control over my actions or life . now everything is in my hands . oh yeah ... i don't steal money from my mom's wallet any more . over the years she got used to it ... i have been making mistakes and learning ;D sometimes people must make mistakes in order to learn something . funny thing is that i was asking myself the same question and found my answer in this video at 9:30 . i cut myself at work today and a co-worker asked how is your finger ? . i answered it hurts a little , just like my life . dude same . dating itself is not brutal . its that people are not able to reject you properly . is it hard to say to someone i'm not interested or nothxkbai after chatting for some time or even a date ? monologues . when my flat is a mess and i'm a mess and someone suddenly invites themselves over . btw i really like when people call me weird or freak . it just motivates me more ;D i learned to live with it and over time i started to appreciate it . why ? because if i think that i might fail something then i think how can i increase my changes of success ? , what can i do that ... i often meditate about free will vs determinism , but still don't have the answer that would satisfy me . the perfect solution would be combination of both . i'm free to choose the predetermined chain ... a female co-worker asked me today if i liked how she looks and i laughed and said no . then she asked to tell her what i don't like about her looks . she is quite bad looking with too much make up , ... english language brings a lot of amusement to me . for example pudding rice after cooking becomes rice pudding .   you want abusive marriage ? because that is how you get abusive marriage . where are you from since i would not expect something like this happening in the western world . i have read most of your posts and i would say that you need to give yourself more credit considering that you had it quite difficult since young age . not only you had to battle inner demons but also ... there are many possibilities but one thing is for sure that people act differently under stress . unfortunately i have too much self control and things like that don't happen to me . i do and say ... i grow my beard but shave my balls . when i take a shower and plan to go out then i put on a black t-shirt , but if i stay at home then i put on a white one . madness ! i don't know what your problem is . why are you focusing on the negative and uncertain possibilities instead of enjoying the time with both of your friends ? you might never know the real answer or ... when the cashier is free but you still go to self-checkout . i don't want the interaction and i can do it faster by myself . then on my way home i imagined myself shoplifting snickers bar , but how ... i will try to write as much as i remember but it was something like : you're 30 , you have a good job that you like ( lol ) , you dont have children or mortgage . you have a clean slate , you can do ... '