' i haven't done much research into it ( though there really isn't a lot to read as far a i know ) , but i don't believe in it either . i don't find terms for such differences in humans necessary ; this ... thanks for the long explanation ! as for what brought me here , like i said , i do enjoy theories because they explain why something is true . and i have to know why something is the way it is , even if ... thanks for the explanation . i've seen others who identify as intj saying they also plan conversations . for me , i guess it's mainly because i just don't know what to say in a lot of social situations ... i know i've seen it come up quite a bit in autistic communities for treating anxiety , ocd , and depression symptoms . it really depends on the individual . having struggled with depression myself , ... i agree , but i don't think all professionals are just giving out medications or anything like that . these treatments have proven to be successful for many people . they're all we've got for now . i ... welcome :) ! also , to the bold part : i'm exactly the same way . you scored 63.333 out of 100 masculine points , 54.167 out of 100 feminine points , and 41.667 out of 100 androgynous ( neutral ) points . female , intj . i know the difference between the two . i'm studying neuroscience - specifically , the neurobiological basis of disorders listed in the dsm - and am well aware of what psychiatry entails . but you said : ... ah , okay , makes sense ! and agreed ! if i get my phd in clinical psychology , i definitely don't plan to do any type of therapy . i guess we have a lot of the same interests . i'm still deciding if i'd ... i've always heard intj and then intp , but honestly , who knows ? with mbti being so subjective and not even being considered real by psychologists , there really is no true - in the scientific sense - ... for the part i bolded , i'm not sure what you're saying here . what is true neuroscience and what is true psychiatry ? ( a reliance on symptoms is kind of the point of psychiatry , isn't it ? if you ... sadly , i can't analyze his traits too much , because he abandoned my family when i was 10 . i'm also autistic - and i believe he is as well , though he was never assessed - so that sometimes makes ... this is kind of a random fact , but it goes along with genes : everyone with blue eyes is related ( they have a common ancestor ) because they arose from a genetic mutation . so it would be interesting if ... that's really interesting ! it's a field i'd like to be in too , but only occasionally ( so maybe testifying every so often on a client's mental state ) . how are you planning on going into the field ? ... my dad's an accountant . i think he's an istj though xd . i loved math from a young age , but i also found accounting boring . bleh . i'm 19 and i'm double majoring in psychology & neuroscience . i'm ... this forum is powered by vbulletin 4 . the issues the forum is experiencing has nothing to do with the actual version though , because it's pretty stable and other forums use it as well . i'm aware this is a relatively old thread , though it was recently bumped , but i just had to say this . i'm sorry , but if you think autistic people cannot be typed , then you're sorely mistaken . the ... cool ! i'll be a freshman at asu ( i wasn't able to start in august due to illness :( ) . i'm planning on becoming a phd . i'd like to have someone , but at the same time , only if they realize that i'll need my space - and a lot of it . i'd like to say i can relate , but if i find it illogical , i can't . i've never really dealt with the death of a loved one ; i've only lost pets and that was when i was really young . nonetheless , when ... i'm the same way . but , generally , i don't care . i don't care about most people - i only like certain people . if they're really upset , then i'll probably care , but if it's someone i'm not totally ... well intjs get the same stereotypes . we're often thought to be robots . in fact , i often point out when my mother is being emotional ( as in too emotional - she's enfj , btw ) and her response is ... i'm aware this is an old post , so my post is just for future clarification : though i agree there can / could be possible correlations between disorders and mbti types , as an aspie , i definitely ... i'd consider him pretty immature ... he's almost 20 , kind of nerdy , and definitely isn't the type to have ever dated before . i actually don't consider myself shy either . if anything , i'm quiet , ... i'm actually considered normal as well . you wouldn't know i have it unless i tell you . :p but i definitely miss a lot of social cues , which is why i know i'm an aspie , regardless if people see it ... so i've heard intjs tend to avoid their crushes because they freeze up around them . i wondering just how true this is . i know it's extremely true for me ; i freak out when i see him and my heart ... '