' i'm just lazy and i couldn't properly express my concern over a decrease in entropy . i think your responses to bellisaurius satisfied my concern . if you want to reduce overpopulation , i think ... why do you talk about the universe as a cyclical system while also using the laws of thermodynamics ? when you use the word entropy , do you always mean it in the thermodynamic sense ? is some ... i'm not sure if i understand what the op is saying in this thread , but here goes . if it's a cyclical process , eventually , everything has to get back to the way it was . that means we have to do ... to me , truth is what is . it can't be good or bad , because they are simply judgments made by the observer . i kind of like this analogy about people's relationship to it . source must resist ... lust suck i would go into the past , and do a compound interest time travel gambit i question his decision to completely ignore p / j i just want to see where this thread goes apparently , if the employers have religious objections to contraception , the insurance company will have to offer it for free . so now the problem is that some people are offended because other ... engineering student here : you definitely have to motivate yourself to learn this stuff , and you can't just wait to the last minute to do work . also ... i think everything in the op's list is fallacious , but we have to remember that the informal fallacies ( or at least some of them ) can be valid in the right context . online , i think i'm more rude , profane and less serious , but i think i'm basically the same . i think american politics encourages a binary stance instead of a more nuanced view of things . it's easier to just say yes or no and do some namecalling than it is to bring in some facts , and talk ... this , but we have to be careful about that kind of estimation . the numbers in the protein equation make the total appear to be a little over 1/3 . x , y and z are the number of liters of each type of milk . that's the only thing you can change . x = -45.4355 , y = 29.2273 , z = 17.1052 this is what i got from wolframalpha . i suspect some of ... the document contains no indication that they did . if this thread gets popular , it will definitely end badly . and also , in b4 the lock this . and also , even though some people have made a lot of money from the events caused by 9/11 , i do not think any of them actually did anything to cause 9/11 i don't think you should be really concerned . cell phones use radio waves , and they don't carry much energy to start with . depending on how you hold it , most of it won't even go into you . ( you can ... i'll walk through what i think is the right solution , going from this picture , i want to say that you need to use the lengths of the heights and bases of the triangles to get a system of ... yeah , and my edit button still isn't working i hope this one works i like this  want some popcorn ? lol , this has to be the first time i've seen someone call someone else a nazi , and then go on to agree with what that person says . i just want to apologize now for not having the words to discuss this properly . yes , but prisons tend to take freedom of expression . i think something is a right if it is something the ... regarding my lateness : finals suck . :( why do you draw the line there ? the only thing guaranteed in that plan is that the government would be run by people whose minds it would be hard to ... i think freedom of thought gets pretty close . i feel kind of bad for having to get that basic . wow , i thought this thread died ... building off what pride wrote , you've clearly done research on neuroscience , but your other posts make it sound like you haven't looked up anything on any of the ... this will probably just end up being a repeat of part of your conversation with blackacidlizzard , but anyway , when you say that your ideas are better , somewhere in the process , you are using your ... pride i'm pretty sure the op is claiming that his morality is objective . killing people that are lazy or incompetent for this purpose would do the same thing . this is the first time you've made that distinction ... in general , i'm with everyone else on this idea there is something really wrong here , but i can't seem to figure out what it is . it sounds like you would have a morality police state , with the ... 01001101011 00010111001 01100010011 00101 it might also be worth looking at how each type reacts to getting trolled . just so you know what to expect . i really wanted to make a joke off that , but all the good pictures could get me banned . : sad : is there any deliberate action that this would not describe ? i copied it from a guy on another forum , who copied it from somebody else . ... ___ ... , . - x91x94 ... ` ` ~ . , ... , . - x94 ... x93 - . , ... i got true neutral , but my mental state could probably push me into lawful evil or chaotic neutral 19/26 i think my problems were the use of little , and my ignorance of the definition of some i couldn't help but go d'aww when i saw this it's better than leaving them in a pile somewhere ... i think this is better than the infj = jesus intj = hitler article , and the other one about making a new world order with all the nt's at the bottom , and with one infj at the top . apparently i am fast and very quiet it got brought up earlier in the thread , but in 2005 , nature did the comparison between wikipedia and encyclopedia britannica their averages were within 1 error per page , i think it would be ... don't we all ? l is either a villain , or an antihero . the op allows both . and light is not good this . 10char i would push the maximum rolls for all the higher tiers down , closer to the middle , but if the average maximum roll is going to be 100 , and the minimum maximum roll is 75 , you get a tier list like ... ron paul is too sane to win the republican nomination . '