' you can read my obituary when it comes out . : wink : good advice . thanks ! thanks for responding . i wasn't talking about ethics so much as my ability of reasoning . i fear that i could do bad things , despite that i know these things to be truely unethical , because i've lost ... by insane i meant psychopathic , that is that i might be acting out my behaviors against my better judgment . in this sense i believe this rationality to be rather dangerous as i continue to loose ... : rolleyes :: frustrating :: dry :: rolleyes :: angry :: mellow : x double pst sry i've tested to be very right brainded so i suppose they correlate ... : laughing : i had to laugh to myself when i first read your comparison of me to your nephew . a very astute comparison , and a pretty good characterization of what i was when i was 19 , and i didn't get my license ... err , no i can't say i'm decisive in the way you explained . i'll admit that i'm pretty confident in my se , but it doesn't take a lot to ruin my self esteem . for example , i'm condident that i can do ... it's pretty nice to have the estps figuring out all the minute details . : tongue : thanks for responding . i think my main point that i was actually trying to bring up was the line that i had italicized , they are decisive . right now i would have to say that indecision is my enemy ... i'm pitifully bad at mbti but i've confidently typed myself as an isfp . i feel like i can empathize with you guys a lot and most of the descriptions of our type describe me pretty well . cognitive ... are isfp less sexually permissive ? i have no idea how much casual sex most people have , but i've rarely put out and i've always faltered from my approach . are isfp very monogamous ? i value the ... estps . you can abandon them on a deserted island fir days without a second thought . they're actually really nice though and voi là , you have a type . sssniperwolf is an istp because the character that she is cleverly referencing , sniper wolf , is an istp . i love isfjs , but they're too fragile compared to isfp . i find it much too easy to hurt their feelings , plus i don't always recognize where they're coming from with their grievances leaving me to ... my cats would probably kill your enfp fish . they're usually nice , but they seem to have personal issues with enfp fish and will often terrorize them . four cats estp , black cat , likes to snuggle your faces together , about 2 years old i think . infp ( god help me ) , black english-shortnose bombay , likely a sibling to the other estp ( impossible to ... mostly hot and cold i think ? might romanticize everything ? i heard that isfps can have allot of emotions about their partner . i don't think you're giving us much credit for our ni . istps can be very visionary as well i'm told . isfp feelings can be pretty convoluted and messy but i'm sure this girls remembers you fondly as a friend . x i have little patients for the crooked values of fi , and the unhealthy , self indulged isfp's that impose their values on others . i find fi to be very backwards thinking most of the time . trying to be more self aware of how unaware i am can cause me to become even less aware of what i'm actually supposed to be paying attention to . needles to say , i have a very short attention span . x i'm very uncomfortable in the domain of other people's home . i'm caught of guard by offers of foods or other comforts and instictively and promptly refuse them . i feel like i need to be more careful ... x :d ry : interesting . honor ( in this case a matter of one's own noble reputation ? ) isn't something that i think i've ever really valued in myself . ofcourse , as a result i was bullied allot as a kid . infact ... a entp or enfp , maybe esfp ? don't be sorry , i was just speaking from my own experience with istjs . any type can act adversely to violence , but i just thought that because of your si and from the istj people i know that physical ... it's possible i suppose . the main factor to consider is that he was bullied by his peers . i would imagine that most istjs would run from a fight , it's just the more logical course of action . but then ... to answer the question ; no . my mother fucking flips out when she thinks she'll be late for something . she'll forget about other people's feelings and focus on her own crazy , stressfilled inner ... perhaps i misconstrued what you were trying to say . i apologize . just for clarification , are you trying to assign values to mbti types ? you don't know me i'm afraid . i've done some pretty cruel things that i still won't apologize for because of my own personal hatred . i wasn't really giving you much credit for your virtues - i was ... my list would be too long . :( auron ( video game character ): istj , esi , giant , cleaving katana wielding , one arm badass with some of the most outrageously awesome emotional episodes i've seen in a ... isfjs i know of tend to be pretty quirky until they become elderly , and then they just become really nice old people . my istj father was extremely reserved in his school days , and aparently would ... i genuinely think you are giving me more credit than i deserve but thanks for the warm sentiment . i have to call you out on this . my mother is an istp , and she has spent most of her life independent of any social contact , to the extent that most people would consider unhealthy , for the purpose of ... thanks for the advice , but it looks like i'm stuck with only those two options for my spring semester college course . i'll need to look into visual basic more as well , because there more than one ... eh not really . i said that i occasionally do stuff at a homeless shelter , but other than that nothing remarkable , ethically exemplary . the person above sounds more nice than me . x ignore this redundant thread i made unwittingly without checking to see that their was already a a thread with the exact same name . if it strikes your fancy you should go look far that thread ... what should i study ; visual plus or c sharp ? if you still have any questions about what this is about , this is a thread where you answer my simple question : what pisses you off about isfps ? i saw a similar thread in intp forum that was ... x '