' drunk parrot i don't have much right now since i'm being occupied by all the homework i have procrastinated on ... i'll do it later though . :P i've been doing some research on what i want to do in ... i'll try not to be stupid , though i can be quite oblivious sometimes . on another note , do you think the butterly effect is accurate at all ? i was lightly surfing the web a while ago and would like ... haha ! you are the youngest person i've found here so far ! btw once you j hope , you can never j nope . : wink : age range - i'm pretty young i realized . 14 turning 15 in about a month . city and country - i live in minnesota specifically the twin cites . social life - i have a few close friends , everyone else ... sometimes when i'm not satisfied with an ending , i dream about how i actually wanted the book to end , however since it didn't end that way i get frustrated . haha , i also hate how romance sometimes ... ... wait .. i asked a question ? :D by the way not related to this , but when was the last time anyone had koolaid ? same ! haha , i thought i was crazy for having complex characters that live their lives inside my head . when i'm bored , i think of something interesting , and how my characters would react to that ... well said , i agree with you 100 % . no , i find them really intreasting if it is written well , and actually makes sense in that world . ex . no major plot holes with the magic , and over powered ... i have this problem where i space out when someone is boring , or i have something more intreasting to think of . i'm also pretty clumsy , impulsive , and am bad at listening to rules ( this is also when ... i completely agree with you ! it may be useful to those who don't know what they want to major in , but for those who have at least a grasp of what they want to do should be allowed to mold a schedule ... yeah , it's really hard since intp and entp also have the same cognitive functions . i realized i'm most likely an introverted entp . art is the best , i also like writing , and music ! ( i can't sing , ... oh , no you didn't sound pretentious at all ! we have writing electives , but my schedule is too full to get them because of all the dumb required classes . i might be able to finish up all my ... yeah , we just have to accept it i suppose . i like art , writing , and business classes the most but there are rarely any business classes . i have a lot of science and math classes next year though ... yeah , i can see how it would be hard to type an intp since they are often confused with intjs , istps and sometimes even infps , and entps . thanks for the reply ! :) yeah i get what you mean by not being understood even though you have friends . i have a few friends that i would say are fairly close , it's just that they don't get me as much as i seem to get them ... i totally understand about the character inspiration posts ! it's extremely helpful when trying to develop a character , and helps you create a large variety of unique personalities . my teacher has ... thanks , i really do hope that your anxiety gets better . :) along with quotes , i save a lot of memes , and random weird things i find on the internet .  ... i'm doing the romeo and juilet unit ... anxiety , that's a tough one . i'm not sure if this tip will work but whenever i get anxious about life , i think about the simple things . for example , if i'm near a window i look up at the sky and tell ... life goes by so fast , you often forget to live your life to the fullest and enjoy the little moments . i for one have a bad habit focusing on the future that i sometimes get too carried away in my ... i wonder if time would feel faster or slower since we would be alive for so long . it would be so cool to see all the technological advancements that we would have ! yeah , i can sometimes be a tad bit immature . :) a 4 year difference is nothing compared to the average life span of the arctica islandica . xd i'm 14 but almost 15 . haha , i think i seem older than i am though . how old are you ? haha , at least we are always occupied with something . haha , thanks . i guess it's an nt thing , we are pretty curious . that's a good way to think about it , those who experience it must be quite susceptible to the feelings of those around them , therefore they might find it easy to empathize with others . oh , and i ... i should reword it to right because there is always a what if . xd fine , you right , i give up . there's always a what if haha . haha , i knew it ! thank you doctor . :p roud : i would describe secondhand embarrassment as embarrassment you feel for someone else's actions , or words that should not affect you in anyway to cause said embarrassment . ( i don't know how else to ... yeah , i can see why her music doesn't fit everyone taste . i have a question that is pretty random , but i was thinking about it earlier today . do you you think that the brain can differentiate real ... i had a feeling you would say indie music , it suits you . :) i've been really into halsey lately , she has this uniqueness to her , and her songs that i'm having a hard trying to figuring out . if you'd ... haha thank you , i'll make sure to bring along all of my cartoon conspiracy theories ! oh my , dancing pencils ? i need to step up my game ! xd i listen to basically everything . for example , pop , punk , hip hop , jazz , instrumental , kpop ... you get the point . haha , but i really enjoy songs that have meaning behind them , it just makes you ... couldn't have said it better . i guess it fits with my enneagram which i just took . i got this . it's not a real test though and was pretty short . i should probably take a real or more accurate one ... yeah , i'm just going to stick with entp since when i go to their forums i relate more than the intp forums . i think i'm a bit too hasty to be an intp since my ne probably comes before my ti . i might ... this should be some sort of quiz show , type irma haha on the entp forum i was told that i'm an entp , and then on the intp forum i was told that i was an underdeveloped intp ... and possibly an ... i think anything on tumblr is intreasting , haha . about the enfp thing , i can see why i might seem like one , but i think it's because i'm more bubbly right now . i honestly don't think i'm an enfp ... i have an enfp friend and though we have a lot in common , she is more driven on her values and beliefs , while i'm driven by logic , and reasoning . i think i'm more of a thinker than a feeler . ( i ... i'll take that advice to consideration , however wouldn't it be better to use said flash drive to save all of my unfinished projects ? xd i'm actually 14 , i'm only shy if i don't know the person , if i do know them then i'm not shy . yes ! this conversation is really intreasting ! i went from hogwarts houses , to zodiacs , to mbti , too ! my zodiac sign is a gemini , with a capricorn moon , and virgo rising . i don't find zodiacs signs to ... challenge accepted , i don't play fair though . ;) how does one not like harry potter ? i mean it's one of the fundamentals for an amazing childhood . i used to spend my time sorting people i knew to hogwarts houses , it was a fun pass time . out of all ... i hope to one day see your work in a library ! the fact that you said that you write contemporary fantasy made me want to give you a virtual fist bump , it is by far one of my favorite genres . that's what i thought , intp doesn't fit me as much as entp does . i took a cognitive function test 3 hours ago because it was recommended and i got entp , however i was boarderline intp . maybe that's ... hello ! :) thank you for the interesting facts , they were in fact interesting . i wouldn't say i'm a social butterfly , but i can tolerate small talk , it's just that it's ... awkward just talking ... the amount of sheer talent and dedication on there is amazing ! it makes me more motivated to try harder and improve . i'll make one and send you the link once i have art up . ;) it's really is additcting , hours can pass by without even realizing it . you can never go wrong with netflix and food . ( now that i think about it i'm hungry ) i hope your book editing goes well ! ... ideas .. haha my logic comes in quite a bit later ... i was thinking about my childhood earlier , and realized that i was much more extroverted back then . when i was in the 5th grade and below , i enjoyed talking , ( my teachers complained that i talked to ... '