' it's in the socionics description of an infj / infp--affecting extreme elegance in dress and manner . it can work for me and against me ... sometimes i'm told i come off as polite and put-together , ... yes it does :) so , you're a fop too ;) thank you , i think i may . p . s . * ahem * it's never too late for you either ;) i want to shake your hand right now haha ;) thanks for the inspiration ! okay , i'm off to bed ... good night ! yay a kindred spirit--nice to meet you :) yes , i think i would be happy in any profession where i would get to make people happy , and know that i was making them happy by providing a product or ... i would recommend working and / or volunteering in both fields to see for yourself :) i'm a part-time chiropractor , part-time worker's comp reviewer , part-time natural beauty writer , and i volunteer at a local hospital and with an organization called girls on the run . i'm thinking ... awesome :) literaturenerd do you look like leela from futurama ? well said . * * * tosses a bucket of cold water on glidar's face , and then slaps him * * * ha . i learned a new word today , thanks , runescribe . i also learned that i am that word ( but the female version ) . i over-dress when i am nervous * shrugs * heh don't have the infj eyes , but i have the infj schnoz : > ) the e is def part of the framework for this theory ... or am i starting to see the e everywhere b / c it's what i unconsciously look for now with my enneagram-colored glasses b - ) achiever / innovator . taken with a grain of capitalism salt ( or would it be kool aid ? ) , b / c this system is on the strategic business insights webpage ... this is basically true for me . i ... usually when i am having bad thoughts before bed it is b / c i am feeling unsettled with something / someone in my life . sometimes i can connect with my body , and emotions , and determine exactly ... books : i recently read the corrections by johnathan franzen and this paragraph made me misty : and when the event , the big change in your life , is simply an insight--isn't that a strange ... i agree . i also agree with runescribe's negative anchoring - - who wants to be with someone who agrees with them all the time ? you may think you do , but you don't . you want someone with an ... read , walk / run / hike--preferably outdoors , spend time with loved ones , practice yoga , stretch , listen to music , cook , nap , clean & organize , preen , lift weights , hunt and gather , volunteer , watch tv ... wow , there is some amazing advice on here ! you know who else gives good advice ? garth algar : let me tell you something about women , wayne . they ... i enjoy this forum a lot , but i also think it is a bit too negative sometimes . i go to the philosophy forum when i want something similar , but less fe-ish . yep , they can be so quiet and then they surprise you . they have a silly switch , like enfps ;) i'm personally loving all the new avatars in the infj forum right now ;) i believe in the possibility of auras . roy g . biv , eh ? nice ;) yellow , violet , blue = green = crystal my insides and outsides are different . that's so true it hurts . love the twilight zone . epimer : i haven't had a direct interaction with you , but my first impression is that you seem kind and curious . and i like your avatar :) i find it to be very dreamy , indie , and warm . i'll have to ...  gives me chills . i can't even imagine what her voice would be like live . my head may explode . hey - is that samus ? ! ! ? ? maybe it's a newer power suit than i've seen ... anyway , she's rad , and pretty infj-ish ! 14944 p . s . hidden until activated . <3 that , hoka-hey-now 8 . eight . ocho . i agree . a lot of how and why i'm adventurous has to do with my e-type motivations and instinctual stacking . i chase my passions , which has lead me to embark on adventures i haven't always consciously chosen . otherwise , i'd like to think i'm pretty good at making anything an adventure , like carmelina ... i can't tell you what to do , but , however , i can tell you that finding a job can take a long time . best of luck :) neither of my parents are infj's . my dad is an enfj / p and my mom is an e / istj . my little brother is an intp . i've learned something different about life from each one of them , but i think i ... <--- burt's bees addict ! i like the pomegranate flavor . i keep tubes everywhere . burt's bees is the bees knees ( and it's mostly non-toxic ! ) anyway , back to fashion ... i like my look to be simple , ... i love this thread ! i apologize now for how long i know this post is going to be ! if you can't do it in the nf forum though , where can you ? : wink : my best girlfriends who are like sisters to ... thanks for sharing , chinotto :) how dare you . no , i think of this thread as a way of saying thank you to others who's posts interest you for one reason or another . that's how i used it anyway :) it is only natural to want positive feelings ... alternative title for this thread : cast your votes for the perc prom court ! jk i don't think the infj's who got love on this thread let it get to their heads , except for ertertwert , who posted ... that quote helps me too , and i'm 27 , out of grad school , and have been in the working world for 2 1/2 years now . ugivemepuppies : it may never go away . people still think of me as the emo girl ... 14187141 86 ally sheedy from the b-fast club . i'm a 4w3 e-type infj , so i actually relate to her both pre and post-makeover . depends on my mood ... i'm gunna change my avatar . nah , i'm at work and i did a little giggle to myself when i read it--had i been drinking water at the time , i may have spat it out--i think you should be proud ! ;) you should run ! just make sure you get plenty of fluids . back to the original post - i am in a relationship with my job . my job isn't just a job , it's a lifestyle , and it's my personal cause which i hold a deep passion for . when things are going ... '