' hi leaves ! long time no see . ;) my advice would be to observe the group and try to identify the esfp . the one who is warm and telling stories , and putting on a show for every one . the performer ... dear istp , no , i didn't cheat on you at the festival . that is not what you should be afraid of , because it has zero chance of happening . what you should be afraid of is being such a dick , ... people who can't laugh at themselves deserve to be hit in the face with a bat . i saw a great japanese movie years ago called ikiru it was about a man dying of cancer . he lived his whole life going through the motions but when he learns he is dying he tries to live with ... what kinds of things brought you pleasure before you fell into this mindframe ? it can be very difficult to figure out your type when you aren't quite feeling like yourself . well you could apply that to relationships too . it's all connected . you could certainly apply it to great sex . to every little action , there is a reaction . are enfp's seen as being shit at physics or something ? i'd like to change that perception right now . i used to get a's in physics in school . it was never a difficult thing for me to grasp . it wasn't to be taken literally . it's just the way of things , that if someone is not trying to win approval and just being true to themselves , people are drawn to them like gravity . i went through a similar thing a few years ago . i fell out with everyone and didn't like myself very much . then went through a phase like you describe , where i couldn't stop introspecting / analysing ... lead and they will follow . it's physics . :) dear world , check out this dude . i played a charity gig with him last night . what a legend . yours , a very privilaged enfp . yeah i agree , that sounds more like ni . the whole post seems more enfj than enfp to me . hi , my daughter has cystic fibrosis . she's in hospital at the moment with a chest infection . they started her on iv's two weeks ago , and after a week there was no improvement and her lung function ... anyone read jungs introverted sensing type in psychological types . these would be istp and isfp , which are known as kindred spirits , because they share the same dominant function . si . do ... can i ask . why pick catholicism ? i was baptised a catholic and i have to say i find it the most backward religion of all of them . it says in the bible that god made the universe in 6 days , but a ... ha ha i thought you were male . i just spotted the looking glass that says otherwise . that's hilarious . what a little treasure ! i think it's a hoot . it is a cartoon you know ? :/ well , yeah i was reading through it one day and i thought - that's a lot like khys . another reason was how you described how you prefer fe to fi , and that an enfp friend of yours made you feel ... cool . that's great . :) p . m me with the final version if you like . ok , i took all your suggestions on board . i rewrote the song , it's not set in stone , but i think it's looking a lot better . thanks leeoflittlefaith and thewildcard you're help was / is most ... yeah , he's an enfj . she's an istj . they are duals . you're an lsi / istj . which explains why enfp's make you feel bad if you spend too much time with them . you may even be an mbti istj too . i reckon . ... i think ti is like a biological code that lives in your brain . like a formula or something . yeah , we've had our ups and downs . we were both seriously fucked up when we got together first . i should probably have been in a mental institution and he was severely paranoid . i think it was a ... enfp's are very analytical . we're the most introverted of all the extroverts . no , it was the general vibe i got from her post . the username was just another clue . are you sure you're not enfp ? your name seems very enfp to me , as well as your whole story . anyway , yes i agree , it sounds like he cares about you a lot . i've experienced the hot and cold thing ... are you sure you are an istp and not isfp ? yeah , small dog syndrome is annoying . ne is also to do with pattern recognition . we observe patterns , and if we see enough of the same patterns emerging we solidify them in our minds and relate them to some sort of truth . a simple ... i actually never watched house , so i can't say one way or the other . but how you described it there , that does sound ne / ti alright . that's ok . i understand . i don't feel insulted . i agree with missfixit you're feeling functions are weak , so the conclusions you come to with regard to feelings will more often than not be wrong . our weaker functions are like retarded versions of ... i thought you were talking about a different kind of duality , but you are talking about the dual nature of your own mind , am i right ? well , we all have compensatory functions running in our ... ha ha , yeah that made perfect sense . it's not a blues song though , it just has a bit of a bluesy feel to it . it's actually quite quirky the way i deliver it . it's all in the delivery really . i'm ... what i meant by contrived was that i was imposing my own meaning on the song , whereas i should let the song have it's own meaning . since my best stuff seems to come from the subconscious . i think taking what's available in the outside world is the ne part , and putting the pieces together is your ti doing it's job . ne seems to just have a good nose for what is new and exciting . it ... yeah , it was pretty bad . that's why he got out of there and moved to cork . that's why he got out of there and moved to cork . the catholic bit . i was only joshing . i agree with you on the socionics front though . that was a great post . i read jungs personality types too . it did clear up a lot of confusion i was having before . he said that ne ego's have si running as a compensatory tool in the unconscious . to ... that's good advice , thanks . i just checked out your blog . i liked the one nothing happens in belfast my dad's from belfast . andytown . yeah a bit like that . that sounds like a crazy scheme to me . thanks ! it does have a rough sound to it . yes . i don't have a youtube video for it , no . this is just the kind of feedback i've been looking for thanks ! the first one , i wrote when i was feeling particularly traumatised over a fight i had with my boyfriend , so i guess if the phrases ... ok , well he used to import cigarette making machines and sell them at markets . he had this beat up toyota corrolla hatchback at the time . so he got the idea to make a giant cigarette and stick it on ... my dad's an entp and he has come up with some crazy schemes in his time , much to the embarrassment of my poor isfj mother . lol . ha ha . you got that right ! : ) '