i can relate to almost all of what was said , yeah . this was one of the reasons the thread was started in the first place . infjs have curious range of skills , if someone were to ask what am i good at , i'd probably stare at that person unable to ... pretty true . lol :) okay maybe one or two things . also , please feel free to share on what you think you're especially good at . except for the unwanted part , i feel the same way . the more i explain , the more misunderstood i become . the less i explain , the more misunderstood i am as well . it's just frustrating and sad . i lost faith in people a lots of time . so how i dealt with it was to not have any high expectations of them in the first place . but , strangely , when i appreciate them as who they are , then i have ... i dislike conversations that often begins with ' have you had your dinner ? how was the trip to here ? how's your studies ? ' by itself it wasn't bad , i use them too sometimes as a starting point to get ... very insightful . this will be useful ! lol ertertwert ! i can relate to this man . there was so many instances where i knew what others are thinking but didn't show that i did , while inside it bugged the hell out . what's worse is that based ... why do you think that is for you ? well , there's people out there who has big trouble figuring me out even though none has ever told me that explicitly . most , however , for whatever reason , perceived me as too much a nerd who's ... let's get a few off the top of mahead : 1 ) once when i helped a friend see things from a different light about a big trouble he was having , seeing his face change from that from total anger and ... a dedication to friends friends i like to think as life as a great journey . there are many things in the world i am grateful for , but rarely anything more so than friends met along the way . here's a dedication to special ones of ... just recently changed my mind , i don't find myself that amazing . but friends i appreciate , they are truly special . hopefully no one has posted this yet . i'm with runescribe's mentor here . type insights - part 3 here here no runescribe , it certainly didn't come off that way . i had big goals at some point in the past . being mindful about how i didn't live up to those in addition to other values did weighed down on ... this is true for me as well . i always felt that there's so many things about me that others just don't know about , even among close friends , that my strengths and talents are always eclipsed by my ... i suck at relationship but it does seem she wanted you to go for her ... but i don't know . there are plenty . but what makes me feel happy about right now ... is this strangely profound and serene sense of centeredness , after a day of hard work chasing something i think will bring eventual ... you use mbti type indicator to justify your behavior , which is not meant to be used that way . types are preferences , strong patterns , but not all-descriptive of who you are , meant as a tool to ... i may have quite a few things to say actually . it depends on what your current thoughts are , prometheus , after seeing all the comments we've given you . i've this bud with entp preferences who has the same characteristic as you ( succeeding against impossible odds ) , yours are probably stronger though . about impressing others , i knew it may or may not ... prometheus , i've never been through what you've been through , but it feels natural that you'd want to repay her in your own way , and i can see she means a lot to you . now you've gone to the ... how long was it since the incident by the way ? imo , you must have reasons why you intend to meet her again ... which are what exactly ? because you want the feeling of she taking care of you again ? just being friend with her ? a genuine ... an image to uphold - those are the words that i'm looking for . see my entp bud always had this vision of how he imagine himself to be , but never actually came close to achieving it . even when pointed ... not sure about others , but i'd love to see you write in a very personalized way that is you through and through ... just like how you would write in these forums . communicating authenticity is really ... yes , i can definitely relate to the above points , anagrams . in my experience with my entp friend , he was also trying to change me to his way of thinking , as he has always done so successfully with ... it's not exactly related to the topic at hand . but i thought i'd chime in , might be insightful to some ... my best friend was an entp since young . he was quite the intellectual , we'd go on talking ... when you realize you choose what to reveal , when to reveal , to whom you reveal to . youtube - [ hq ] love story taylor swift meets viva la vida coldplay ? piano cello ? by jon schmidt looking at your signature ( 100 % j ) , i'm not surprised . envy envy envy :d ry : you enfps are great yourselves . the last enfp that came along ... boy was she special alright that's got to be the greatest compliment there ever was for an infj . : laughing : sometimes it's like what you said . sometimes the other way round is equally true ... ah , you've put it into words what i feel all the time . : wink : another drawback for me with using ' to-do ' lists is that i tend to do whatever items solely for the sake of completing them asap , so that ... here's another from the same source : ' the tao that can be described is not the real tao . ' i always tend to find myself spending loads of time replenishing my energy , just to reflect , to think , alone , doing random stuffs of whatever comes to mind . i just lost track of time , being in sort ... ' there is no god , because there is nothing but god , ' tao te ching in retrospect , i don't think my mom is unhealthy in any sense . she means well , and coming from a poor family background who values hard work and has experienced lots of hardship , she tends to be ... i'm always a sucker for themes like this dad : intp mom : esfj sister : i / esfj bro : isfp rarely talk much with siblings . we kinda drifted apart a long time ago , there's just no connection there . although my brother has the tendency to do ... you know it's awesome when i first visit perc and the very top post of the page is none other than ' infjs are amazing ... ' : blushed : what a way to welcome a new infj fellow and make him feel at home ...