' people who are too retarded to realize that they cannot manipulate you . there was a huge thread on this ... uhh , you wanna change your behavior to satisfy some prick ? screw that guy . the above is to be read from a non-sexual perspective . summer , cuz school's out and the days are long , and the water is warm ... for me there seems to be more than just one thing ... i agree , but there is a way to handle this : hand out apples instead of candy : tongue : that way you kill two birds with one stone : 1 ) you can feel good about giving the kids something nutritious to ... my mom's istj . no . you can ... - forget about basing relationships on mbti types ... - or have her date 20 random dudes , chances are one of em is the one she wants ( assuming isfps comprise of 5 % of population ) ... nice , adrenaline is what i'm missing . ( honestly , i think it's what we're all missing . ) i have to pick up a competitive sport again . this is safer than what you suggested but still gets the job ... saw this on the onion : laughing : i think i'm gonna try all of these suggestions ... at the same time . thanks for the input ! : happy : have you ever felt like you needed to be shocked / jolted / zapped just to wake up , become reborn , or to gain traction with the now ? if so , what's the best way to do it ? once upon a time i was walking , listening to music , looking at the sidewalk , and breathing . beat that ! :p social acceptance ? books , video games , food , cash . i don't like owing people things ( or favors ) , so 90 % of the time i don't want the gifts that i get because i don't want to reciprocate . hmm , most of those things aren't really faults in my eyes . sure , but the content of a message is more important in my eyes than the way it's presented . umm , ok ? i dislike it when people point out errors that a non-english-speaking person makes . they're trying their best to share their views with you and you're pointing out mistakes in their grammar and shit ? ... your view makes somewhat more sense , the fact that there are paths that are split into two clearly-defined directions that one can take : heaven and hell . but there are still many contradictions and ... how does that make sense ? i know enough about religion to say there is an equation that has to be followed , like a + b = c . meaning that you have to do a and b in order to get to c ( usually ... my sympathies :( thanks for the input y'all : happy : nope . kslcjskj i guess first you have to ask yourself whether or not you even believe in pride . i'm sure most here do though . some people are proud of their talents , others are proud of some sort of accomplishment ... why ? characters do you deserve it ? more like saddest movie ever , or are we talking about different things ? fora.tv - science laughs : science comedian brian malow side note : fora.tv - videos on the people , issues , and ideas changing the planet is awesome . the last time i was impressed was last week when my friend ( esfj ) started asking the right questions for once . - dear almighty forum , please forgive me for i have sinned . last week while at home depot , the nice dumb girl gave me more than was my due change ... i kept quiet about it , and used that money to buy ... dumb motherfu * * ers . why are you hanging from the ceiling anyway ? a majority of my shirts are white . bottom-left bag lol your actions speak loudest about you . 1 - ps3 controller 2 - jug of honey 3 - fiction book 4 - water bottle 5 - radio planet earth . i rarely have nightmares , but when i do , they're wild * * * ing rides . ... how often do you do this ? - , - [ characters ] oh the possibilities . what is it ? : mellow : wouldn't there be a lot less crazy shit going on ? the only con i can think of is time ... sometimes decisions have to be made before you finish critically thinking about some things . the criticism that comes from people i care about is a lot more important than strangers ' or acquaintances ' , but all criticism is evaluated . if there is reason for criticism and there is an ... lack of motivation ? that helps a lot . thanks ! alright ... i noticed a lot of girls don't like small talk ... this introduces a little dilemma ... how are we supposed to get to know you if you're going to shoot us down when we initiate small ... personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? maz - any nicknames ? ^ * male / female / trans ? male '