' very nice analogy indeed . it's funny how you mentioned you tend to get along with entjs than most others . it's true . one book wrote about the types that are most compatible with entjs to be isfj , ... nothing to be ashamed of either . don't understand why in this stupid world people view arrogance as bad . you see ... arrogance is only effective to people who lacks competence . when a competent ... ... what chassis is that ? 240sx chassis ? are you using a 240sx clutch setup or a maxima-derived clutch setup ? what's the hp at the wheels and at which dyno ? yeah , very true . i loved your analogy by the way , the part where you wrote this : just to add to what you've written a bit , arrogance is the belief that they're better than everyone else , while ... you know what ? i think this is the best description i've read so far ~ ! ;-) i guess , then , i'm both arrogant and confident . agree 100 % . in fact , the main reason i subscribed to this forum was not to argue with people here but to meet other entjs and share some thoughts and also actually meet them in person and conversate ... very nice analysis ~ ! ;-) but at the same time , it's the easiest personality to be hated by others due to over-success-fulness if you know what i mean ... :-( haha ... yup . i exist for sure ~ ! and definitely an entj for sure . surprised , eh ? lol 100 % correct ! ! ! ;-) thank you for seeing us correctly ~ ! it's just bit more complicated than that . lol did i give you that impression ? sorry if i did but not really . ;-) ok ... a few things to clarify . you guys got all wrong . or should i say , i wrote it all wrong . this is the main problem with the forums . when i write things , everybody reads it . but when i write ... now i have some time to type finally ... the reason i said there is no point in arguing is because what you guys are arguing against me does not have any point . there is no point . that's why i ... has nothing to do with that . i will write you bunch more when i am finally free . busy now . til then ! ha-ha-ha ! and ... ? that's it ? ( am at the bank right now and typing on this iphone is so crazy ( i see so many typos today ) so no more ... plus , there is no point arguing with people that only want to ... i read it again and my bad . i was writing so much i didn't writenit correctly . excuse me ~ ~ ! ! i think you found out that i owned a viper before and guessed and wrote that shit about harrasing a ... just comment on what you think about what i wrote . and read it right . i was 27 when i started my company and 37 when i learned about mbti . isn't this what i wrote ? also , harrassing a mechanic ... i agree with you for the most part . i'm 41 and still learning every day . i'm actually the owner of 8 different companies throughout the us . i'm not just any boss of a small company so i think you ... now it is a fact ... poor guy ... sorry but seriously , you are not an entj . that's the fact , though ! i can't distort the facts ... good point . let me ask you just one thing , then . aren't you proud of being an entj ? i want to see what you answer to this ... we can go on like this forever but i don't think i can carry out any further due to my business trips for the next 2 weeks . my point is very clear . entjs are extreme animals . they love ... exactly what i expected from someone . i think you are an estj from looking at your reaction to my strong phrase . entjs have n as intuitive . they like to imagine things . they can imagine ... i think you are an entp , not an entj . entjs are not vague at all . entps are . what's the point sending this picture to me ? what's it supposed to mean ? do you mean i'm smoking pot because i'm ... yes they do ... who doesn't fail ? actually , entjs learn from failures . my father is an estj . the main difference between the estj and entj is , entjs know how to control a group of people and cooperate with other businessmen . estjs don't like to do that . they are good on ... intps can't go that big . their instincts are not as big as entjs can have ... yes , there is a rumor he is an intp and i studied that through various websites and youtube videos . what they are ... everyone can have differences in opinion but i think so and this website thinks so , too ... famous entjs infj cannot carry out big scenes like he did . estp is not really into huge success ... on a side note , a lot of entps and enfjs mistaken themselves with entjs ... you gotta remember , there are only a handful of very few entjs in the world . i would say far less than 0.01 % unlike some ... this is very interesting indeed . i was testing to see if someone is really an entj . was kinda expecting to find someone who's really an entj and every time i tried i failed . i failed again ... all of you guys who are opposing to me are not entjs . don't pretend to be one . what a joke ... that's because you talked to them . when i talk to people , i normally don't behave this way . in forums , i just behave a little more outward behavior . big deal . good for you ! i'm very happy for you ! you are a better student than what i was when i was 17 . . . . . . do you see what i just did ? you stated a fact and unless i'm a god that knows whether ... i didn't say you are jealous because i think you are jealous . i said it because you said you are jealous . nothing more or less . look . you said you like to curse . ok . if that's the case , then so be ... what a pusillanimous mattoid ... look . discussing is one thing . cursing is another . you start cursing , then it's the end of this conversation . unless you can curse in front of me , don't curse . no ... love your avatar ! baby already shows he is an entj because he hates sandcastles since it's quite useless ! haha ... lol ~ ! sorry , man . ( that's the reaction we entjs get all the time so nothing surprising , though ... ) it's not really arrogance . it's entj . like everyone else says , entjs can't help with arrogance too ... haha ... nothing unusual . you are just one of many that hate entjs i guess ... i also think you cant ' change your personality . many people hate me for how i speak and act . there isn't a single person in the world who loves to be hated . i hate it , too . i've tried so many ... you misunderstood me . ;-) i said i acted like one , not i was one . : kitteh : i think it's possible although i think it's super hard . when a person faces a tremendous amount of stress or sudden life-style changes , then it might be a possibility . for example , someone who ... i totally agree with your oral sex stuff ! ... compared to other mbti types because entjs are always very busy making money . i myself am a believer of mbtis since my personality ( entj ) is very different / unique and rare , so unique that ... oh ... actually you might want to correct that . entjs are estjs are a completely different animals . they do not get along well , not because they have the same temper but because what they believe are ... if you really meet one , then you will either love them or hate them . that's how it is with entjs ... people usually hate me but few love me . very different ... well ... maybe you are not a strong entj , then . maybe closer to intj or enfj ? entjs are strong animals . they always need to be in control . if not , they feel useless ... well ... maybe you are not a strong entj , then . maybe closer to intj or enfj ? entjs are strong animals . they always need to be in control . if not , they feel useless ... well ... i never met an actual entj in person . i do know many who i never met in person such as hitler , napoleon , steve jobs , ju young chung ( founder of hyundai group , the largest conglomerate in ... '