' do you think that the awkward events of your life can be judged against everyone else's and rise up victorious when the dust settles ? this is a chance to prove your prowess and force everyone to ... you're right that i have never been presented with the opportunity to exterminate my own testicles . i probably wouldn't do it even given that opportunity , however . oh , i wouldn't blow my own testicles off after the fact either way . it's just if i had a choice between either blowing my own testicles to smithereens and cheating on my partner . ... i would sooner take a gun , point it to my testicles , and blow away my own manhood permanently than cheat on my so , if i had an so . it's wrong , right ? that means we shouldn't do it . i simply choose ... ... oh . that was kind of obvious . x ) i stick up for myself in a polite manner in almost all situations . even if someone is cursing me out , i just use logical reasoning and present my case as calmly that i can . sometimes , i have the ... i cannot for the life of me find out exactly what so stands for . i assume it's the equivalent to mate or girlfriend / boyfriend , but i've scrolled through long lists of entries like system ... if you're sure that he was being honest about his prior feelings , then it seems to me that what he said has to have been a fluke . in that case , i would certainly talk to him about it ; there would be ... my advice would be to see whether or not what he said was a fluke by talking to him about the subject . if it was a fluke , then he suddenly felt a certain way and he allowed that feeling to manifest ... i would call it a bad decision thing . psychology also causes some people to commit murder . it's our job to suppress such tendencies . it does seem that , based on this trend , being an intp pressured ... i obviously just stepped out of a cryogenic freezing chamber . i'm a little afraid to go out the door of my room ; i have no idea what my mom's reaction will be to ... there are few other scholars out there these days who are willing to go to enough intellectual depth to explain the phenomenon of gene-splicin ' and shit when you see four feet under a damn stall in ... ! i honestly would never use a pick-up line , either . i just thought this would be a funny concept . hardly any of us would ever use pick-up lines , but this thread is not meant to be serious . the scenario is , you imagine that you are attempting to court a fellow intp , and you have to come up with ... i can't make beautiful faces like you guys can . luckily , i have a laser mouse and can doodle around in gimp . 6/10 successfully weird , and a funny concept / parody of doctor manhattan . but the more i look at his face , the more he appears to have a strong desire to violate my virgin bootyhole . i would have to be able to read minds of other people and come up with a large enough sample to compare my own mind to to see if i were a genius . but i'm guessing not , and the somewhat hubristic ... i think it would be great if society agreed about what good and evil entailed . however , the reason why i said i can't argue about it here is , although the logic that we can derive the conclusions ... helping other human beings ? empathy ? love ? kindness ? all those things are subjective . self-gain is also subjective . you can derive your values using logic and rationality , but what you derive is just ... you should stop , reconsider , and take some advice . i will answer this with nay . ... just post a link to the thread you would have posted in , and then the post you would add if it would not be seen as stupid and possibly against the rules . i will begin . ... strange happenings today . vocaroo | voice message i just had a really weird thought , that realizing i'm not an intp would be like waking up with different genitals . i ... think that's kind of self-explanatory , isn't it ? i saw someone mention this on youtube , and while i have made no judgement as to whether it's true or not , i find it very fascinating . basically , his theory was that our true selves , so to speak , ... the main thing i find difficult about hugging is when precisely to do it , or gauging if they are trying to hug me or not . i have to look at the other person and process all sorts of factors . it's ... i can't rely on any one news outlet to be unbiased or unskewed . i search for things on google , read multiple articles if i can , and try to look at the actual facts to see what is actually going on in ... when i was about 7 years old , i scribbled all over my walls with crayon drawings . almost 10 years later , i painted my room because i thought someone would come to my house and check it out . so , ... well , i have to give you the disclaimer that the reason i react this way may be more than me being intp , so other intp males might not necessarily react this way . however , i will tell you a bit of a ... thank you for the welcomes , everyone ! the main fear i have is not exactly the unknown , but the alien . if there were to be a totally new color , a totally new subjective color that we have yet to see or imagine , that would not fit on our ... haha , thank you . i was struggling to pick a username , like i always do , then i laughed because of the irony of the fact that it's probably because i'm an intp that i have such difficulties in ... i'm religious , but not spiritual , in a manner of speaking . when i'm in doubt , i just take out my handy notepad where i listed various events in my life , as well as lots of scriptural evidence related ... well , if someone poked me hard , i would have to react to that situation . i suppose for me personally , it would not have to have been administered in an overly belligerent manner in order for me to ... i think it's potentially a lot easier for us to get low self esteem than other personality types . we live in enclosed environments inside our minds , even experiencing our thoughts as if they were ... i just find it hilarious that we're the probably only type of people ( male or female , i assume ) who would not be so presumptuous as to react negatively or positively if someone poked us . i'm glad you're here to reply within seconds of me posting my first thread , mr . robot . when i saw that the replies were 1 almost immediately , i momentarily had the thought that this forum was more ... hello , everyone ! nice to meet you . not nice because i'm naturally predisposed to meet people , but you know what i mean . i took the test quite a long time ago , and the result was interesting , but i ... '