' blow by kesha . i get in for free . no vip sleeze . halfway through ghost . why am i here ? i should be playing . can you condense that into some bullet points or something ? when you have met your closest friends online . ithinkyoureoverthinking cool you have your own photo booth . rock on . hornet thanks for the link . i have read a few histories and such but i'm curious as to the foundation of the enneagram . to illustrate , i'm looking for something similar to the cognitive functions in mbti . what is the basis for ... my life when down hill at 25 and hasn't stopped yet . it seems i was way more successful in my youth . it's saturday baby i'm watching a homily on tv reading threads on perc can my life be this shitty ? i've always thought about creating a blog or forum on about a dozen different topics . i just can't decide which one . i'm a wiz at minesweeper i can play for days ... weird al yankovic ( white and nerdy ) dropc you have describe some intp traits . i think the main reason being alone would be unhealthy is you run the risk of falling into a loop where you keep over thinking the same issue without making progress . you need others to slap you back ... i always ask , are we together together or just together when we're together ? that has always worked so far . if you had those deep feelings then it would be logical that you would want to live with a person . then do the whole reproduction thing . if we're talking temporary ldr then it may make some ... i don't know when it happened but i can finally use perc from my phone . which means i'll probably spend more time here . thank you . i'd go with coming of age story as well . however , i haven't got there yet , so i'm excited to see how it turns out . perhaps long distance relationships are perpetrated by controlling people . they can't just have a far away friend that they talk to . instead they must control their friend's actions by making them ... mine represents a part of my life when i lived in las vegas and i loved to play poker . now i never play , so i am dead to poker . i want to learn to use twitter . is there a mobile theme that can be used when veiwing from a mobile device ? if yes , how do i enable it ? ( i understand there is an app but i would prefer to just use the browser . ) any intp nascar fans ? 38291 i found a neighbor to adopt her . all is good . just curious , but where do you live where they don't sell ricotta cheese ? as a guy , i like the idea of a cooking show that allows me to cook actual food that regular folks eat and not food i would ... i agree . be straight forward and honest . if she doesn't stop you'll probably better off without her in your life . i found a stray dog last night at the gas station . she came and sat next to my car . she is a pit bull and she was very skinny and has a nasty wound on her ear . i'm going to take her to my ... my catch phrase is i don't know ( even though i do ) , with the ocassional fuckin thrown in for good measure . my cave is mobile . wherever my laptop and phone power up , i'm home . are we there yet ? verizon 4g . my 3g phone used to drop calls all the time . this new 4g phone is amazing . today danica patrick did some interviews before the budweiser shootout . she always looks amazing in the godaddy commercials but really looked like ass when she wasn't all done up . ( seeing her made me ... amazing finish by my favorite hometown hero kyle busch . this year started out with a bang . the season starts next weekend . let's have some fun and play fantasy nascar .  ... i use a non-detailed approach . in my experience giving lots of details to the csr confuses them . i ask my questions as broad and generic as possible and then give them a minute to figure it out . it ... anyone interested in joining a perc nascar fantasy league ? season starts next week on the 26th with the daytona 500 . slowmovingstorm if you think there is a problem you should schedule an appointment with a psychologist to get professionally evaluated . i'm currently a mba student . my end goal is to be a management consultant . i want to walk into companies and tell them how stupid they are . i rarely ever read fiction . i always have some topic i'm researching . is it that they don't want to debate or the don't want to be preached to . in my experience people who say they like to debate really like to shove their opinions down other people's throats . i wonder if an online community where the trend was for people to use their actual photos would create a more personal experience . a select few people i do . the rest i think of as avatars . it would be easy for the admins of perc to publish statistics . i believe we all imputed our birthday when we registered . i would be interested in seeing a report . primrosepopinjay , i don't understand your definition of success . helping people - what does that mean ? help one old lady reach something from the top shelf or setting up a charity that helps ... i found the follow up email to be different . it jumped out at me as being peculiar . i always test as an intp . however i doubt the accuracy because of my sensitivity to criticism . i'm very nf like in that respect . perhaps there are a good number of nts that are insecure in some ... im unemployed . it would be my dream job except for the fact it doesn't pay well . i have a business degree and am currently an mba student . welcome . im still typing myself . i may be an nf as well . im not good at typing people . but i always thought of him as a feeler . an mba wouldn't hurt . business math is mostly plugging numbers into established formulas . it may take you a little longer complete your assignments if your not good at math , but it shouldn't scare ... thanks for the suggestion . my library has a lot of books by clifford pickover but they don't have the physics book yet . too new i assume . i have a list of books to read , i'm going to add it . have you ... would you please provide references for the above statements ? i'm currently studying socionics and i am interested in following up . thank you . '