' just curious . i realise this is a bit of a stupid question , and bound to generalisations , but would there be anything the way nfs look , dress etc which is distinguishable from others ? i can relate to this so much it's ridiculous nothing goes unnoticed . i ' deal ' with loneliness by : - rationalising and shooing it away ( only works less than half of the time ) - focusing on my main current goal ( successfully used loneliness as an excuse to do well ... aerospace engineering ( check ) civil engineering electronic engineering economics w / business management psychology computer science english music physics w / astronomy mba yeah i somewhat agree with you . joined a photography society at university , and pretty much all the events consisted of bar crawls and nights out with little photography in between . not all meetups ... not necessarily . i don't think going to meetups has anything to do with ' validating ' . if you want to invest more in a particular interest or hobby then obviously the most efficient way is to expose ... ahh ok . i thought you may have been arguing the reverse interpretation , where philosophy is considered so elemental and uniquely profound that it doesn't require understanding of modern concepts . intp are statistically the most intelligent , however entj seem to be the most successful at proactively using theirs to produce results . nope ... introverted entp :p curious to know what about that pic makes you think i'm an f though ? entj 150506 what is your actual job ? and how does it differ to what you want to do / where you want to me ? or how about you don't obsess over whether you're entp and intp and realise that you're completely unique , and don't have to necessarily box yourself into one or the other . i have both entp and ... i went to the one in london ;) a part of it is because we have this jump into discussion mentality which means people don't spend an adequate amount of time really processing the various viewpoints available and are somewhat ... i agree , but i don't really get your point . honestly , do you really think this guy is worth it ? if he doesn't return your texts , avoids you often and says maybe when you request being friends , then for me that would be a good cue to walk ... this is true . there were many people who were so convinced by their own perspectives that it seemed sort of ironic that they bothered going to a philosophy meeting . just out of curiosity , i decided to join a philosophy group on meetup.com and go to one of their ' talks ' and events . this particular talk was based on morality and where it originated from , etc . ... i don't see how your question has anything to do with grammar , but either way it would still be a trivial issue . interests and hobbies are classifications which are often merged because they overlap ... who . cares ? one thing that annoys me about intp . seem to rant about the most pointless and trivial crap i can definitely relate : laughing : i have a terrible sense of awareness of where i am . more often than not even if i've traversed the same route many times before i still have to consult my maps ... are there any intp / entps who work in these sectors ? business / entrepreneurship is something i have always been interested in , mainly due to the opportunity to think big and broad , and produce ... i felt like this whilst watching the elephant man . the film moved me so much but i physically couldn't bring myself to shed a tear . i almost had to force one out by squinting my eyes :) do you think technology , or understanding of technology will be sufficiently sophisticated in the near future as to allow myself to code my own functions on how my brain should respond to certain ... yes , i described myself as a collection of applicable descriptions , but i don't think many people would accept it ! but anyhow , i get your post :) i find it nearly impossible to define who i am , since my character varies so considerably depending on who i'm with . some people know me as very wise and knowledgeable , others know me as a ... it is impossible to be an ' expert ' in all of those unless you are 1000 years old . i call bs on this one :p isn't it really introspection which distinguishes humans from animals ? a person without introspection is just a sophistication animal with superior intelligence surely ? is there such a thing as a ... what would the differences between them be in terms of approach to programming / problem solving etc . just curious depends entirely who you live with , but on the whole i found living out to be extremely liberating and just great . do it . just the typical overly-logical and pedantic reasoning i'd expect from a fellow intp : tongue : my question wasn't a mere a or b , it was more likely a or b ? , i . e . i wanted to know the general ... also , i am kinda bemused by the commotion regarding the apparent bashing of types . no types are being bashed here . the stereotype descriptions state that intjs are natural leaders and intps not so ... then i fail to understand the point you were trying to get across ? i never implied that they were necessarily independent sets in the original post either . i will have to completely disagree with this . there are a lot of leaders who are so convinced they are making the right decisions that they're effectively in a state of complete delusion . can you elaborate on this ? i am not that well versed on mbti i think you're analysing far too much into it lol . if anything my original post was meant to put intj's in a positive light intjs are considered leaders because of their self confidence and decisiveness . hypothetically , would an intp be able to lead just as well if they were more decisive , or would the actual ... which one are you ? i wouldn't say i don't have an interest in theory . quite the contrary , but there's always a goal that i want to reach or something i want to program or build so i always ... i am 22 i am 22 i don't think i have the self-confidence and objective conviction that the j types have . even though i see theory as a means to an end , i still have the typical p second-guessing / having too many ... i appreciate you guys have many threads like this , but i wanted to get some insight into my own particular case . i would like to know which i am , as to be honest i don't really fit either profile ... '