' how do you respond to authority figures in your life ? do you generally question authority or are you pretty submissive ? i definitely question almost anyone who has authority over me , but i only do ... only 4 people voted gay ( myself being one of them ) ? dang we must be like ultra rare or something . i wonder how this pans out with other personality types too . if you were at a party and there was only enough bags of chips to give everyone one but yourself ; would you rather go without a bag of chips or bum chips off of everyone else ? i would feel bad ... i would have to say my one true hero is alice glass . i love how fearless and uninhibited she is . if there was any person i would want to be like more it would be her . ... the only signs i can think that i show are - extreme awkwardness around crush - avoidance of crush ' tis a sad life i'm with lackjester on this one i concur with the majority as well . there are between 30,000 , 000,000 , 000,000 , 000,000 to 10,000 , 000,000 , 000,000 , 000,000 , 000 stars in the observable universe ( just the stuff we can actually see ! ) . and ... - singing - winter weather - relaxing in a nice atmosphere with friends - reading a funny book - pugs ! virgo sun , aquarius moon , capricorn rising ! : 3 only water in my chart is venus and pluto in scorpio - all air + earth from there ! i'm so glad you posted this ! i've never seen it and it was wonderful ! i definitely have to show it to my infp friend . i used to lack the ability greatly , but after several years i've come to be able to talk myself down very nicely . mom was just taken to the emergency room this morning , a few years ago i would have ... i struggled hard to think of something witty to say to pop in here but i got nothing . + 1 that jeopardy sweet park bench mountains waffle cone library give up internet for a week find a long lost treasured toy skinny jeans when you always use the same image as an avatar on a forum until you feel comfortable enough to change it to something you enjoy ( not that i don't enjoy astronomy , i just love me some cc ) when all of your favorite movies happen to be underground films with under 10,000 views on youtube and everyone calls you a hipster or says you have bad taste ( or some people praise you for it ) entj mother i think it should be a swan . most cultures regard them as very maternal creatures . the swan was also the form taken often by the egyptian goddess mut - she who gives birth , but was herself not ... that's basically me as well . both infp and enfp fit me , but i still stay with infp because when i'm alone i default to i . possiblly over the years i've built up my extroversion to enjoy the world but ... your type : infp mom's type : entj dad's type : siblings ' type ( s ): best friends ' type ( s ): infp , isfp current / last significant others ' type : last - estp type ( s ) you have the most fun with : infp , ... when you say half and half do you mean you scored 50 % or tied ? i tend to score between 12 and 33 percent introverted . i can be very extrovert if i need to , or if i am in a comfortable mood or ... i would think a ragamuffin or a maine coon , probably a little mangy , but very sweet and lovable . my infp friend : casual me : romantic when someone asks what you favorite character in a movie was and you say all of them when you watch toy story 3 with a friend and cry like a baby when valentine's day makes you sad because ... who will love me know ? i am practically head over heels for an enfp . i find them to be extremely optimistic , which i love ! i wouldn't say i am a pessimist , but compared to him its a close call ! according to him i am very ... 1 : my friends , i take much stock in the ones i have and hearing them compliment me or encourage me makes me feel better 2 : uncertainty - the fact that the future is all in the air makes me look ... infp , although my f was only one percent about my P; both fit me infp - the martyr - this type tends to sacrifice themselves in an effort to promote their peculiar sense of truth . inpf - jesus ... i'm 17 , if i go out in public with my mom and she orders a drink or something ( as in alcoholic ) i get served one too ! :/ in my freshman year of high school someone thought i was a senior . it's ... i have said this sooo many times , almost every time i go out and im not with close friends , or if theres waiting involved alignment : true neutral my page didn't have any percentages or anything on it to compare with everyone else , so let's just assume i'm a perfectly balanced human being :) i'm not bugging you am i ? idc you decide siiigh i've had a crush on an enfp , and an infp / infj , not sure which i just wear whats comfy . nothing crunchy or stiff . some nice soft demin jeans or maybe some plaid shorts if its hot . my shirts are all random thrift store ones . i'm wearing an xxl adidas shirt ... i'm a male infp and if i do send out any signals they are really small ones , like ; glancing at the person every know and then avoiding talking to them about myself and thats about it oh and if ... 1 . waking up via alarm clock 2 . being forced to adhere to a strict deadline , not because there is a real reason to just because that's the way life goes 3 . people who assume that everyone they ... i dream about being with that certain person but never act . ( males ) it's like you took a quote from my brain ! i hate this quality about myself . especially since most other people don't hear my ... when you don't understand why people do things they don't want to and don't do things they want to do . that's interesting that you are associating senses with functions , but wouldn't all the senses be s ? n would be more like , thought , esp , imagination , etc . i picked smell because frankly i like to ... smell and touch . first im so shocked the some people didn't pick touch ! i would cry if i could never feel a warm body next to me . i picked smell because if i can touch something , i don't need to ... i'm not too big on dinosaurs so i don't really have a favorite . i'm more into the marine reptiles styxosaurus and shonisaurus ... a ) socially 17 b ) spiritually 78 c ) mentally / intellectually 78 d ) physically 17 e ) emotionally / psychologically 2 thanks so much ! when i get back from my little excursion i'll poop around your youtube channel ~ here's two songs i made : eternity ( 2010 ) by ppatricide on soundcloud - create , record and share your sounds for free motion sickness ( dance version ) by ppatricide on soundcloud - create , record ... awww this happens to me too :'( my attempt at drawing crystal castles  also some random ... i live with my entj mom and dear lord , it's terrible . she's the same way as everyone else has stated . i'm the parent , i'm the oldest , i'm the mom , so i'm right . if i'm not busying up my time and ... i'm definitely addicted to night time . it makes me want to run around outside naked or scream really loudly or sit in my room and have my own private concert . i always feel more open and fresh at ... when you're skeptical about meeting new people so your first instinct is to not like them this could just be a me thing , although my infp bud does it too not that much higher , definitely not high enough to squash that $ 5.50 gap . plus i also have my other me ( my infp best friend ) and two minimum there is a lot more than two minimum here . taxes don't ... best movie ever ! ! '