' patrollin ' and tryin ' to catch me postin ' dirrrtttyyy i feel the same way as you , i have friends but as time goes on more and more of my tight knit circle graduates and moves away . many of them now are busy with research jobs or working for the ... hmmm ... i am lactose intolerant . and i've developed a sixth sense when it comes to detecting dairy in food . i'm the same way , i treat my body extremely well and i rarely ever get sick . it wasn't always like that though , when i was younger i was sick all of the time . just a couple of years ago i was in ... aragorn : ranger , good with a sword and a bow . he follows his own code and upholds personal laws . he is old and wise ( but not a know it all ) . he is a lone wanderer and reminds me a great deal of ... i bet when brad pitt types he uses bold and caps to emphasize his points too ! nope it sure wasn't ! : laughing : lol nowhere in this post do i see anything that would lead anyone to believe that you are a nice guy . i do this all the time , especially at work . if something isn't working it will take me about 20 minutes of me working myself up to tell her . i hate confrontation and i try to avoid it as much as ... i feel like microsoft should add his symbol into the character map . haha i dont watch anime ... i dont hate it but i definitely don't watch it . walking is great ... it gets me where i need to go ! it allows me time of peaceful quiet reflection . i love walking / hiking around in the trails near my area , i also love to run . running is a great ... i definitely can relate to this . i feel as a male i am much more in touch with my feminine side as they say . by that i mean i like to talk about my feelings and experience a wider range of them . ... a few posts ago i mentioned something called an art colony . and a couple of people inquired about it so i will elaborate on the topic now . an art colony , according to wikipedia is : “ a place where ... i love the name sydney for a girl ! ! ! i guess i pick city names too , sydney , nairobi . jamie lynn is also a beautiful name for a girl ! i just thought i would throw that in there : wink : hey hey ! ! ! :) great choice for a name ! ! ! verrryyy shy , so shy in fact i have trouble responding to females on the forums : blushed :: blushed :: blushed : hahaha but seriously i am pretty shy . i have adhd and many of those things in the list do sound like symptoms of add ( adhd ) ( same thing actually ) . add / adhd is very hard to cope with , especially on the job . many people coming and going ... i got a jack russel terrier ! he's adorable ! see picture below . he's the one in the foreground . muffy is the one in the background . the ... wow ... how i can't be outgoing ... i feel like i miss out on a lot by not being able to walk up and talk to people . i get so nervous around girls i like too . it's hard for me to ask them out . thats a great place to start ! you'll love it , infp heaven ! its like a delicious cake waiting to be devoured . books ... born to run , lord of the rings ( this is like the 18th time i've recommended this lol ) , fight club , harry potter , and fear and loathing in las vegas . great books that i have read recently . take note whenever hurting says anything . she knows what she's talking about :) yeah it can be rough when no one understands you . i like to have different worlds i can go to , it makes me feel ... lets all pool our money and have a gigantic tree fort castle built on tons of land ... we would all live together and talk and understand each other ! and if we didn't want to talk we could go back to ... still completely off topic to the thread . someone post something thats on topic . oh well its all said and done now ... too late to go back . it's in the moderators hands now . i just don't think anyone deserves a negative label . not only that but i believe this all orginated ... honestly you started this with your posts . i have a sense of humor , but i don't like being called names and then later asked to laugh at it . i asked you repeatedly not to spam this thread and to ... report sent to moderators . thanks . are you that stupid ? so basically you are saying i know not all male infp's are bad but i'm going to believe they are anyway stop spamming or else the moderators will hear about this . hate to double post and be off topic but ... i'm so sick of psycho bitches , i think they home in on me or something . i can't stand them ! they are like leeches draining your emotions . i lived ... my new puppy is named patrick ! maureen you always do this to me haha i come up with an idea and then you come up with a better one ! i love lena and evelyn , great names ! those are beautiful names ! i may have to rethink mine ... or have more hypothetical children haha hahaha , uh huh ... well then honestly why don't you leave and never come back . no one in this part of the forums is going to like you and you aren't making a very good case for yourself . seriously ... i had discussed this with murderregina one day , if you had kids ( hypothetically of course ) what would you name them ? if you already have kids please tell us the name of your little crickets ( as my ... ok well i don't care what someone does to you , stop spreading hate and do something else . if you hate us then leave . we don't need to or want to hear what you have to say if you can't contribute ... how do you know he was an infp ? and not only that , we arnt all the same so don't blame us for what he did . seriously wtf , don't they teach kids that everyone is different nowadays ? not entirely asian . the united states is actually one of the most productive hardest working nations in the world . because of this people are at a much higher risk to stress related problems ... to quote the man in my avatar : advertising has us chasing cars and clothes , working jobs we hate so we can buy shit we don't need . we're the middle children of history , man . no purpose or place ... haha yeah mohawkish like david beckham's mohawk thing . thats what my new haircut will be ... to hell with my boss ! haha uhhh if you want to trap me those items seem like the perfect bait . i'm not super kinky ( at least i don't think so ) but if i find a girl who is that bold and adventurous to try kinky things i'm ... uhhh ... am i the only infp male with short hair ( buzzed ) ? lol i am in the process of growing it out though , i'm going to put it in a mohawkish style thing . infp sagitarius , idk the other signs to it . i'm a great leader who liked to have everyone participate and express their thoughts and conerns :) i get asked for directions around campus all the time ! i'm a business major .. did you say budget ? no problem . not as energy efficient as a hobbit house ;) sign me up . it's high time someone ruled with caring , respect for others , tolerance , and selflessness . i'm sick of law makers who pass ineffective laws , too late , that do nothing . politicians ... '