' iron by woodkid ❤ ️ i am currently reading the handmaidens tale . a thing i've been thinking about is how reading dystopian fiction published before the 1990s always feels like reading an account of an alternative past ... the points on the drawing are pretty good ( and funny ) . i wasn't super into the titanic and i never had a crush on dicaprio with posters of him on my wall : tongue : personally i disliked that her ... what dystopic fiction would you recommend ? it could be short story , pure dystopic fiction or mixed with a different genre , but preferably written and out side of most top - 20 - lists ( like 1984 , do ... handmaidens tale by atwood bird box by josh malerman . i feel you [ emoji 28 ] last year i discovered a japanese made bourbon ( i don't remember what it was called ) and since it was at a bar it was even costlier per drink then if i got it somewhere per ... i wonder this too . i also feel extrovert , and judger . not sure about the entj ive seen . but yeah . input ? had such a productive book week last week . finished up the son by jo nesbo , the hunger games and catching fire . i'm trying to finish a book i've started ages ago before i move on : currently ... you could try amazon . one of the european ones . like make a store and try and sell them there . or if you have a danish version of craigslist . ( or norwegian finn ) . maybe ? : kitteh : dark matter by blake crouch is about that topic . it won't go down as the best book of this decade , but it kept my interest up as i read it . blake crouch is also the guy who wrote the wayward ... lol like it's 4:30 am right now :p i'm a night owl . i love how quiet my world becomes after 10pm . i don't fall asleep easily . ( insomnia ) , when i have to get up early i often oversleep . i'm usually ok mood though but easily annoyed and ... awesome ! :D never even heard of that . the way you describe your situation , it sounds like you have nothing to lose by going out on a limb and go a head with that plan . i most def don't think that would be making a fool of yourself ... i hit like on the original post and then i saw this . : unsure : haha there was something about the word impossible that made me get this puzzle . i have a system set up though . cause ... i love how 20mins always turns into an hour and then you go to bed at 4 am instead of 1am . cause those 20mins just grew and grew and grew . xd the history of the building i live in . blake crouch books . um . and probably a lot of other things that don't come to mind atm cause my brain be lame with tired . :p this is a beautiful depiction of how i feel ! well done <3 ( my ! i'd take dry and cloudy over pretty much anything else that has been mentioned so far : kitteh : ) is that what your season is like right now ? well . luckily , i don't really wander many places that gets muddy . so i don't see that as an issue . rain is fine . i'd actually like to live in a controlled environment with a sense of no ... this is what i hate about winter . we get snow and then the snow kind of melts and turns to uneven ice and ...  trumps feels ... sahara hotnights the donnas girl , interrupted by susanna kaysen . i've read it 4 times [ emoji 85 ] it's a short book though so it can be read on a single night . harry potter ( 1st , 6th and 7th book ) the virgin suicides by ... old mafia notes . ❤ ️ and a language ... i didn't like that the start was focused on words like : woman , man , boy , girl , water , appel ( and just those . the words themselves are great . it's rather the limitation of the number of words . ) and ...  jamaia  i tried italian on duolingo . i think there are better ways of learning a language then through there though . the way the app is set up , languagewise , does not work for me at all . might be some ... would be so cool if it was a look into an alternate timeline :D at my parents house i have about 400cds . i don't own anything to play them on . still can't get rid of them . i've always listened to a lot of music and each cd reminds me of some period of my ... yes . which annoys me because i lose stuff . all the time . i was thinking about fame in what i wrote . gaga at the very start of the lady gaga known to the public today and not her career before that . and when i said interesting and innovative i was ... i really enjoy her earlier albums . i had the pleasure of seeing her live . free concert . small venue , before she took off . her style was way more toned down . her show was innovative and fun . with ... lol . well , this thread has generated massive respons : shocked : im overwhelmed . : wink : vicious . sure lots to discuss : for ex . how probable is it ? ... i usually reach nihilistic thoughts when i disintegrate into 9 . ( as a 3 ) . it's not pretty , it's not tied to being an entp . ( for me at least ) . i do find the thought everything is temporary ... i listen to rap ( sometimes . : kitteh : ) i'm not that big on gangster rap or rappers who is all about ass , money or whatever . i do enjoy some horrorcore , but mostly i listen to emotional / social ... you are not wrong . i'm wondering if op is mixing wing with tritype or fix . i'd ask you how much you know about ennegrams . : kitteh : lately , a friend and i have both been obsessed with horror shorts . especially tormenting ourselves with horror shorts late at night . anyone else into this ? the horror short universe on youtube ... i sometimes test as estps too . i like estps , but i can tell they find me strange ... and maybe a tad annoying . [ emoji 23 ] [ emoji 451 ] well , since i now reside in said chat . i haven't noticed . : kitteh : johnnyyukon yeah i can see a downside or two for an entp when it comes to being a cap . : laughing : i also can't picture the istp makes i know as cops . they are more inclined to see things as one ... '