' i'm the same way . i always think of the best way to say things , come up with brilliant ideas , and generally meditate ( although it isn't really meditation , in my opinion ) of the happenings in my ... i think that we have a lot of hidden and not-so-hidden energy that we keep very well under control . but there are times when we slip up and others can see through . i know that i am always betrayed by ... i'm healthy . i was lucky to inherit a pretty good set of genes . : laughing : i'm a cock . i remembered this clip this morning and decided i wanted to see it again . i laughed pretty hard . it's easier for me to express my thoughts figuratively and with metaphors . this way , it gets the point across and sometimes even more eloquently than if i were trying to explain myself literally ... ha . infjs are always quick to point out that we're modest and humble people . that is until we are assigned a higher label that can't be applied to other people . we're rare and special , and we ... most of the time . one thing i have noticed on many of the type forums is that people often attribute normal everyday human experience to the virtue of being a particular personality type . an ... eh , i guess . like i mentioned before , i don't often smoke marijuana . i don't often use mdma , either - a few times a year . just saying out of the two , i prefer the latter . the latter is amazing . i ... i rarely smoke marijuana . that is , if i'm at a party and it's passed my way , i'll take a hit or four . it's not something i go out of my way to obtain , but i'll smoke it every once in a while . my ... i'm pretty good with my money . it's funny though , i don't keep a budget . i keep my expenses and reoccurring bills cataloged in my memory . i know what i can afford and what i cannot . it's pretty ... i don't mind being called smart . i'd rather be called clever , though . that's an intellect that i can identify with much , much more . i value creative intellect much more than i do brainy ... 1 . a whiteboard that is rarely used , only when i need to remember that something must happen 2 . starscream , megatron , and ravage action figures from transformers 2 3 . a cylon centurion action ... i'd dispense with the pleasantries and just let her know your intentions . you don't have to profess your undying love , but i think spelling out a clear interest to her would give you a better ... i was going to put this in the infj confessions thread . i'll post it here because it is completely relevant to the topic . it has been a long , long time since i have cried in my waking hours . i ... we are a very picky and peculiar breed . we know exactly what we want in a relationship , and on top of that , and more often than not , we'd prefer our mate to be attractive . we're shy . we're aloof and ... the co-workers and i were talking about the snowman art done by calvin in calvin & hobbes :  ... although it was completely out of his control , i resent my friend for moving back home and leaving me alone to fend for myself in los angeles . organized chaos . it's messy , but i know where everything is . various sections of my life get messy . my desk . my bathroom . my living room . i'll get tired of the mess though , and eventually clean it ... a tennis metaphor : you see a girl and decide you want to play tennis with her . you carefully plan your first serve and let it fly . the tennis ball whizzes past her , and she looks at you , ... i'll start off by saying that i identify being a heterosexual male . growing up , i had an amazing , close-knit network of friends . we were all there for each other . we were good kids , stayed out of ... i love the idea of this . i'm always open to the adventurous spirit and i'm highly , highly energized by extraverts . in fact , i'd say that some degree of extraversion in a mate is a necessity for me ... the princess bride ! 1 . growing or now are you mostly friends with girls ? no , i'm friends mostly with men . i get along with either sex fairly well nowadays , though . 2 . what are some of the things that people thought ... no . i dislike making physical lists unless things get too big for me to catalog alone from memory . more excited for the album than the actual movie . youtube - daft punk - derezzed preview exclu new track 2010 ( hd - long version ) i'd say that 50 % of what made bsg so awesome was the music . bear mccreary is an absolute genius with percussion . genius with music in general . encampment was boring ? ha ! because of new caprica , we ... hello . : happy : youtube - gareth emery feat . lucy saunders - sanctuary ( original mix ) i , like many others , can usually spot manipulators very quickly . after that , it's decision time : do i want to ignore them and call them on it , or should i play ignorant and make a sport of ... ffvii is my favorite game of all time . : happy : i'm currently working on a perfect game , devoting about 45 minutes to it a day while i use my exercise bike . you'd be surprised at how much easier ... i am a scorpio . i tend to agree with vel regarding the whole western zodiac thing . much of it seems way , way too generalized and you can often find yourself being drawn into the traits that you ... classic rock : ac / dc the eagles journey rolling stones van halen queen modern rock : foo fighters  beautiful . relaxing . my advice is two words : let go . comments that attack my integrity are the ones that really upset me . i will always own up to faults and mistakes that i've made . but if someone attacks me with something that is straight up false and ... the smell of orange blossoms . being with my friends . great-tasting food . brilliant music ( normally with good friends ) . bright , blue-skied days , with very lightly breezy winds at a nice ... small talk for me kind of sucks . there are times when i just don't want to talk to someone , and if they're insisting on talking to me , it's usually small talk-related . i wouldn't want to get away ... i think it's silly to stereotype a single personality based on the traits that it has . i have met many , many awesome people of different personality types . honestly , it's the person , not the type ... i can't be around people who cry . for some reason ( i'm guessing a strong sense of empathy ) , it makes me cry too . i'm repulsed by people who are overly negative or who are confrontational to the point ... deadmau 5 is kind of a dick , but he can make good music . ( start dancing at 1:38 ) the below is my favorite trance song , ever . it was in someone's ... i would say that a majority of heroes in movies and books are introverted . it is their friends and side-kicks that are the extraverted ones . my quarter-life crisis consisted of me trying to figure out the best way in which i would be happy with my life . the job i had was not one i was the least bit interested and it bored me to death . i ... try natural remedies first . exercise . clear your mind . eat healthy . avoid sugars and caffeine in the late afternoon and evening . good luck ! slytherin ! george bernard shaw . : happy : it used to be a problem for me when i was younger ... little things like ordering pizza i hated doing because i had to talk to someone i didn't know . i'm over it now . i have to use the phone so often ... see sig . also , princess bride has a million of ' em . eg ; you keep using that word . i do not think you know what it means . arrested development , i've made a huge mistake . you could say i ... '