' : sad : your poor brother . but - i must say - to have such a kind and concerned friend in you - what a blessing ! yes , i was overseas , once - ( well , more than once , but this particular occasion i'll ... minnesota , eh ? glad i'm not entirely alone ! : happy : welcome , welcome ! definitely a vivid music memory . songs i don't know will play once in a store , and repeat in my head again later . i rarely , however , remember the lyrics ; only the tune , the rhythm ... they haunt me . ... bravo for posting this ! my dad is very keen on transition towns ( as am i , when the fit is upon me - ahem ) . i am really interested in hearing what you think of it all once you visit her ... this ... over this past weekend i learned it was released in one theater here in uptown minneapolis ! ! : laughing : hopefully i can sneak away from the hubby and toddler some time soon to go see it . it looks ... i've been watching our local county workers cut down about a dozen trees in our neighborhood this week ! we've lost shade , appeal , and well , trees ! hello ! ! ! : crying : i didn't think of my reaction to ... when i get out into nature it can be an almost transcendental experience for me . generally , however , i tend to feel overwhelmed by the vastness , the beauty , the - acceptance - of nature . for ... we watched august rush night before last . it was superb ! chillingly beautiful . i loved it ! ! ! your phraseology sums up quite aptly my fascination ( and surely , others as well ) with the public versus private image ... bravo ! now , to put those words into action - * why * is that so difficult ... wheee ! ! another infp . : happy : you'll love this place ... sounds like you happened across us at a good juncture in your life . bienvenue ! ( don't anyone call plagiarism on that one , svp :p roud :) oh dear ... i wanted to be a vet , or a nurse , or a doctor ; i wanted to write plays and poetry and live in a loft ; i wanted to be a marine biologist ( as idego said , i think this was my form of escapism ... that sums it up in a nutshell ! : laughing : ~ ~ ~ i am capable of cold , bone-slicing logic when i want to be . but it all depends on my mood . now ain't dat irony . : blushed : ... are you saying my goals are just minor ? : tongue : or that yours are too idealistic ? : wink : i didn't air my idealistic ones . lol ... rather , the absolutely-unattainable ones ( like living in an ... this is where i begin to wonder if i'm infp . :d ry : i want to finish college . learn more languages . study , study , study , and ahem , did i say , study ? basically , i want to die learning . :p roud : ... it's not in the twin cities ... anywhere . that i can find . : sad : i am a huge fan of peanut butter . chocolate for most women is like peanut butter ( with capitals , yes : tongue :) for me . i . heart . p . b . : laughing : so thanks so much for the rec . ! hehe ... that's what i thought , too , and usually - do - for the most part . but reading through that book was a real eye-opener ! wow . the stuff people eat . it's kinda - cool - in a nice , odd way ... i came across this interesting book ( ) at barnes & noble a couple weeks ago ... i thought , ... that totally reminded me of this : lol ! : crazy : well , if i didn't know better , alysaria , i would say i'm the friend that you described there . : crazy : learning that i was infp wasn't too-too hard ; i took a couple different tests , they all told ... : unsure : my thoughts are all jamming the exit and nothing is coming out . <sigh> java_monkey put it so aptly with um ... well , i'm risking myself by giving you a part of my journal ... i hope it ... how - odd ! ! ! we have august rush coming via netflix tomorrow in the mail ... my sisters-in-law recommended it to me ! sweeet . ~ ~ ~ has anybody seen les choristes ? it's gotta be in my top-five ... tell me how to just do it ... i'm serious . i really don't view meeting other people as a fear per se - i see it as more of a burden . oh , and i'm not single : happy : - i stay at home with our ... how'd you guess ? my hubby ( i almost typed bubby , lol ) and i just had the back-to-college conversation over dinner tonight . : unsure : not sure if it will happen this fall , but hopefully , i can get ... ugh . so , as you can guess , i have very few friends ( irl ) . it doesn't bother me , per se , all the time ; however , the only real social interaction i get is observing people when i have to go ... my two cents : we're all equipped with muscles for both e / i , s / n , t / f , p / j . the percentages perhaps could vary through the years depending on circumstance , though our core self remain the same ( ie , ... thanks for the stardust recommendation ... we watched it last night . i'd been afraid to , since i'd read the book and didn't want to ruin it by watching the movie , but i'm so glad i did ! it was ... i still think ... there is no light bulb . : cool : oh my . i had to come back to this ... originally i wasn't going to post , because : 1 ) there are too many fictional characters i admire ; 2 ) i could never be like any of them , so they are , at once , ... you mean ... there's a world out there ? ? i couldn't help myself . : blushed : we await the finishing of packing ... : happy : looking forward to it ... : cool : aww ! that's a really awesome poem ! thank you ! ! : cool : this is exactly what happened to me . i fell into their trap of labeling - and i mean everything . for one , i grew up thinking i was weird ( b / c i was different ) , then i snapped , fell into an ... i kinda roll my answers / thoughts all into one big pile of words , here , so , um , bear with me : cool : [ disclaimer - i'm certainly no guru on the subject and am speaking solely from my own experience ... i could perhaps see where infp would crumble into bpd ; at my worst stages of depression they almost diagnosed me with it . bpd is different - it's not a chemically based pd . mental health ... i agree ... and second the motion ! : cool : meant to post this earlier , too ... anyone seen the movie dead again ? it survived as my favorite for over five years . and then i saw slumdog millionaire . : cool : but i still love this movie : ... no , i don't have a problem saying no . : wink : just kidding ! i couldn't resist saying that . : happy : i can sooo relate to this - couldn't have said it better . in terms of boundaries , i'm ... oh , also , the smiths ! ! ! : happy :  i'm not really sure , from my own experience ( s ) , how the world views infps . my mom is one , so i'm grateful that i at least had her understanding growing up ; though , as my dad is an entj , she would ... okay . so this is the merest outline - i wrote this out after musing over your question . it barely skims the surface but perhaps it's enough , when it comes to the written word ... while there's a ... are you asking me to write a book ? :p roud : i could , you know , especially when it comes to ideals ... anyhow ; my ideals are basically my values , glorified . : happy : i hold in highest regard my faith ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... blast off ( and out ) ... i'm a pretty avid reader , and what with perusing the thread on music & movies , i thought i'd shout out for some book recommendations . : happy : as my own contribution , i have consistently ( a big ... well , there may be conflict , but we'd make history class ten times harder . who'd want to memorize all the peace treaties and conferences that we'd hold ? : cool : sooner or later one must come to realize that only in grammar can one be more than perfect . : tongue : oh my . now , i suppose , you can devote all your free time to perfecting your spelling and grammar . : laughing : ... i might respect you , earnest , i might admire your character , but i feel that i ... as i penned my other post ( with the lightbulb reference ) it was thanks to this thread that i wrote it that way , laughing to myself ... i almost made some kind of snide remark about it , but decided ... no single person sucks ... we're all different . attracted , by nature , to different things . it's what makes life interesting . : happy : oh , and <sooner> , if you were trying to see if anybody would jump ... '