as i see it , i've been told that esfjs are basically ' out there ' , being social or doing work . i can find those places , but they usually have a lot of people in them . once i'm there ... how can i ... o . k . , followup question then . if you're out and about , is there a way you can tell an esfj just by looking at them and what they're doing or behaving ? any telltale sign that you can just say , ' o . k . , ... where are you ? estjs seem to be hard to find . :) one of my favorite vids . gotten to a point now that when my wife gives me * that * look , the one that says ' you screwed up ' , i'll usually reply , ' it's not about the nail , is it ? ' and she understands . no , i was pretty sure we got that point . it doesn't make you a man or a woman in a scientific , biological sense . the issue is that the term gender has been bent ( pun ? yes ? no ? damn . ) and they're not ... if you want to discuss how you feel bad , go to friends or family . they'll pat your head and rub tummy and tell you everything will be ok . if you want someone solid emotionally , a rock , go to an ... bah . infjs are fun . thing with infjs is that they want to be in love . they don't need to be loved back equally . they can fall in love with fictional characters that will never exist ... the love they ... stick some inxx college kids in a forum posting about love and what were you expecting ? urban erudite o . k . , i see your point . transgender does not exist in a biological sense . i had thought we were talking about sexual reassignment surgery and transgender being the word used to ... i think that may have something to do with the hair follicles in your face . i know for my own , there's just spots where there are no follicles . however , the testosterone would likely assist in the ... if i take a car , saw it in half and get the engine functioning , i have a motorcycle . it's not a motorcycle you would get straight from the dealership or a motorcycle in the traditional sex but it is ... love is just a stupidly strong emotion . if an intp does love , if they ever showed it the way they really felt it , you'd back away slowly , turn around and run . something along the lines of ' what they ... the question is flawed . there is no ideal in one person . you need two or more . you will have a need to be understood and thus will want people like you that think like you and understand you . you ... hypnosis and the subconscious . ' i shouldn't have asked . ' ' what do you mean ? ' ' you're nuts . ' transgender people are people who are in the transition from one gender to another via hormone treatment and surgery . before , they are gender a , after they are gender b , in between they a ... people infer that we're negative because people of ego and emotion . we're able to much better see how things work and how they could work better ... which usually entails eliminating flaws or ... esfjs can be smothering to an intp just as an intp can be distant to an esfj . when the difference in the two types is this extreme , there's only two ways it will go . either the differences between ... oh , very much agreed . those emotions that do get through our emotional shields and barriers are quite potent and when they do end up getting released , it's not usually pretty . or coherent . as well , ... i'll give it a shot . - we can look at something and figure out pretty quickly how it works . then can speculate how it could work better or be used in different ways . 15 minutes later we come back to ... i'll try to sum it up then . how does it feel ? we feel alive . ti when thinking , feel alive . i would fathom a guess much like how a feeler feels alive when they are really truly happy , or in love , or ... i keep coming back to the notion of correct vs incorrect and right vs wrong . we just have two different ways of understanding our environments and determining the best course of action . thinkers look ... i'm inverted on this . music doesn't calm me down . i use it to ramp me up . hard driving , aggressive music gets the blood flowing . i think the question bears clarification . is it impulsive to stop everything you are doing and think about the thing you want to think about ? also , procrastination stands out in the provided list ... the question is poor . if i had unconditional love , they would not have a condition of not having the internet . moreover , they would provide me the internet without condition . i do not believe in the ... it doesn't ' feel ' like anything . also that the way you worded the question is telling . if you seek to put things in terms of how they feel as your primary way of learning , you don't really need to be ... i basically turn into wolverine . there's only two emotions i've identified that cause me to go over the egde and 9 times out of 10 it is anger ( the other 1 is sadness and that was once ) . my teeth ... 417578 i'm just so damned tired of having to pay for other people ' emotional outbursts . yeah . i learned a bit too late in life that there wasn't a particular ' way to be ' in order to have the most success , especially with women . at least by spending so much time watching and researching ... established , historical fact is established by those that wrote history . what you may be missing is the accounts of those that dissented against what was happening . we do not have accounts from those ... it's always good to know something about a subject before you get into it . you just should be aware of what you ' know ' first . i see videos of opinions and history as it is told by others that ... i've wondered if i took a different path than other intps . for me , the ultimate mystery was people . a subject seemingly without end . i spent so long trying to figure out what women wanted in a guy so ... i have some sort of sick , twisted , deep interest in bug zappers . i should not receive a thrill out of watching insects make pretty lights and explode . even fly paper ... i should not get quite the ... that may differ from person to person . i'm the opposite . spent too long studying people i guess . there is no need for derogatory remarks , ae . this isn't high school , you needn't antagonize . you are both intps , act like it . the problem with a ' debate ' like this is that it is possible for you to ... emotions are a random number variable when working out the probabilities of outcomes in interpersonal relations . when it comes to relationships , if x is influenced by emotion , x is not a value we ... thank you for posting that . looks like it's an interesting read . that said , i do see capitalism as the best of the options of what we currently have the capacity to implement . in the original communist theory , it's supposed to be everyone has equal things . we all work together so that we all may prosper . one person having more things or power than another is not communist ... i'm sorry if it came off that way . i rather should have clarified it . greed is inherent in humans , yes . capitalism doesn't cause greed , no . i think it magnifies greed however . some people are more ... as i was reading the original post , i just kept saying to myself , ' duh ' . like ... he didn't initiate . no duh . everything you said was pretty standard intp . so , here's the thing . he has feelings , ... and if you're not from the united states , you don't have to worry about possible medical expenses . like a heart transplant wiping you out . the 10 most expensive medical procedures capitalism * may * work . capitalism needs to be based on growth to keep up with demand as the population grows . if we can get out into the stars and continue to pillage resources from other planets , ... feelers arguing and fighting and making a spectacle out of themselves . it's a horrible social issue for me ... i kinda ... try hard not to laugh ... when people are angry around me for what i see as poor ... college was the hardest thing i've ever done in my life . i took computer programming & technology . what motivated me was trying to prove to myself i could do it . as i would think most intps do , i ... wouldn't ... a journey necessitate needing a destination ? else , wouldn't it be just wandering aimlessly ? prince was one of my favorite books growing up . i was rather pure in my youth and a treatise on how to be a royal ( literally ) dick was very interesting and counter to my then beliefs . put a better ... getting a chuckle out of this . kinda sounds like i wish i was an enfp . thank you for the reply , it is illuminating . just a question though .. you did hit it on the head when you said w see the ... yes , this is a thing . the person of interest touches our locked away emotions in a way that we begrudgingly enjoy and find exciting . you know , like when someone tells you how great a job you did or ...