' the infp sounds exactly like me :) thank you . do you have a link to more about where this came from ? 637554 apparently i'm an enfj not an infj so i'm making myself known . hello fellows ... i think you may be correct . i think enfj with a type 9w1 enneagram explains a lot . thank you both i think you may be correct . i think enfj with a * type 9w1 enneagram explains a lot . thank you both * although i often get type 4 ... so ... :) hmm you raise some excellent points and give me much to ponder . i feel relieved at least narrowing it down . as far as cognitive function tests goes , i type as an enfj with a secondary option as ... i figured it out . either infj or enfj or infp . those are the only logical fits . i don't have an introverted sensing bone in my body . or i do and its not reliable . anyway ... the thing is , tertiary ti is supposedly only used to figure out if a new idea fits into the already internally existing belief system . i really have a hard time understanding how infj's are so ... i'm done with the glorifying of ti . i think infj's are too identified with it . i appreciate your input . i'm actually not very heavy fe in real life . i'm very quiet and soft spoken so i can't see ... yeah , interesting ... appearances can be so deceiving . i'm sensing that you have some attachment trauma to work through - this may muddying your waters and assisting in the confusion of discovering your type . sometimes the soul searching can take a ... a lot of this has to do with conditioning . i was raised by an esfj mother who demanded that we engage socially . i wanted to please my mother and be like her - beautiful , social , smart , connected . i ... below you will find a survey . i've typed as numerous different types i'm hoping you can help settle this once and for all . i'm female , 33 years old . it's time . scroll to bottom for pics . 1 ) ... i agree candy , my example was a bit dramatic . i came up with it on the fly and didn't give it too much thought . i sometimes think its easier to make a point with a dramatic context . i'm sorry to ... thanks for letting me know . i often have a hard time with entering data anything digital format . for some reason i have trouble with spacing too , i can't seem to tell the difference between a ... i think breaking away from the pack is more about breaking into intuition which can be introverted or extroverted but both need to digress from the norm at times in order to support the pack in a ... interesting . yes this is an over-generalization , but i'm curious if this generalization can somehow help in trauma healing work - i'm wondering if therapists consider cognitive type when they work ... that makes sense to me . can you speak more about si ? i'm trying to understand it better and i would appreciate a first hand explanation from an si user . so what would you type eminem as ? thank you ! i am not familiar with nf stereotypical animals . but i would think of a wolf , check out this description here : ... interesting ! now that you mention it , there are people that i used to be very close friends with that hurt me at some point ( a long time ago ) , that now i try to avoid running into or having to talk ... hmmm interesting that si types show up as more laid back , i'm new to the forum and personality typing so i'm going to watch out for this . i've met a lot of those types that are not laid back . i ... i have a theory i would like feedback on ... people with dominant or auxiliary introverted intuition are constantly processing their experience . therefore , they have less sticky trauma built up ... imgur : the most awesome images on the internet i'm not sure if this is the right way to do it but maybe it will work . hello , here is my link to pictures :[ url = ] that explains my larger forehead and small jaw :) i think that's a people thing :) schrause nailed it ! making decisions without knowing the facts . i haven't heard someone say this before in this way and it delights me to hear ! thank you . i sense an enfp or infp . here is your preference of cognitive functions based off your survey : fi-ne-ti-ni-se-fe-si-te . look at your tertiary and inferior functions to better assess your type .  ... a chinese dragon's head attached to a body of quantum light diffraction when you show up to couples counseling with your partner , and the therapist says the exact things you've been saying to your partner all along and gets the credit . : bored : thank you for replying :) i am new to personalitycafe and did not see that anyone had replied on my post until just now ! i feel grateful and honored that you took the time ! thank you ! where would ... hello fellow persons - unfortunately i do not have enough posts to add a picture link , so i'll have to add my link back another time . i also wasn't able to add my kiersey results links either . i ... '