' before i knew about the concept of machiavellianism i was acting upon these principles . i have had to fight against them most of my life , and failed . but you are right , when people know this about ... i definitely do this , but i think it's a way for us to improve ourselves . when i point out my flaws to others or just myself i begin to be aware of that flaw and then change it ... or ignore it . and ... dreams by fleetwood mac 282570 your score was 66 of 100 . this puts you in the category of the high machs , people who do not belive in the goodness of the world and that because that it must be manipulated , people ... intp ! i'm always put in slytherin , so i will very interested to know what you categorize me as ! greysexual female . 66.7 - female 67.6 - male 68.9 - androgynous i think this is pretty cool ! i'm a definite observer . if you do catch me participating , i will probably stop to watch you . that's how dedicated i am to observation . but seriously , i think there is a place and time for each , ... mine is red yellow and orange mostly . no , you're right . i was wrong . will a hug make you feel better ? complicated by bon jovi . this song is my life . especially as an intp . i always deadpan it and say something like stalk people or kill people if they think its funny i like them and i be their friend if not ... we wouldn't work out anyway . shame , all the way i think 5 can be slytherin as well . knowledge is power ! ! agreed . no germs and i'm cool . i'm an intp and i could really care less about cleanliness in my personal life . however , at work i am chaotically organized . i like things to make sense but they don't have to be a typical clean . i have bipolar disorder , in a mild form , and i seem to alternate between intp and infp . i think this is , in part , due to my disorder . i fluctuate between the mild depression stage and hyper mania ... intp - advertising . creative director or creative department . i hated beer and wine , but scotch , bourbon , and my best friend jack have always been there for me . wine is growing on me though . just don't drink the fruity crap - unless its cherry or blueberry ... intp - picture a quiet , calm but beautiful person , perhaps they work in stocks or pr or something equally boring , who carefully selects their victims based not on how annoying they are or how much ... i don't know if this is accurate at all in your situation , but sometimes if a girl acts like that , regardless of type ( although some are more prone ) , she is silently calling for a you to reprimand ... it posted twice ... sorry i think we are best at hiding in plain sight . society has been formed in such a way that being an intp female is very difficult . maybe we are all around you and you don't even know . mostly ... aufstehn by seeed it's so stinking good ! ! when i'm with my family my parents have this weird aversion to silence . i would be just fine if after a while we all checked email , read a book , drank a cup of tea , etc . in silence but no . every ... absolutely ! or pick up your phone and act like someone just called you . you are walking on the sidewalk and someone starts walking towards you , instead of meeting their eyes and smiling like a normal person you stare at the ground or a tree behind them , or a sign - ... i just feel like people are like , the best thing that , like , ever , like , happened to me ! you know ! you reject any and semblances of schedules but find an odd sort of comfort in knowing your routine . irony . intp 5w4 i'm a late june cancer . i think it goes well with my personality type , but i don't put much stock in the zodiac . i can't completely dis it though , it's what started my interest in all ... i think this way too , but my way of coping with this realization led to emotional masochism ... i don't recommend it . sometimes the knowledge that someone might be better than me would drive me to ... this is so me ! ! i love haute couture , so i try to bring that element into my everyday wear . i like androgynous suits , crazy shoes , or tons of layers . i feel like my clothes are my battle armor ... i identify most with intp , but i totally do this ... all the time . : blushed : i think maybe each type has a fundamental need to be the best . and each are equally convinced they are the best , generally speaking of course . i know i do ... only in my field of course . if i had a child i would name ; a girl : verita ( latin pronunciation ) a boy : viktor personal ~ * name - what do you preferred to be called ? vella - any nicknames ? rooster but i prefer vella * male / female / trans ? i am female . location - where were you originally born ? where ... you suddenly forget where you are in the real world because you were in another world . aka - the place you go to think about the universe . a word of advice ... don't do this while driving ... '