' i feel like this everytime i play chess ( after explaining a new loosely formed abstract idea ... only to be met with blank looks ) ... umm never mind . it works in my head ... where else can we be anti-socially social ? if she personally identifies as a smart human , and is proud of being smart . tell her that beauty doesn't matter . and her intelligence is amazingly sexy to you . and then give a few examples . ... who else would you debate with without someone else to bounce thoughts off of ? while the internet is great for this , it doesn't compare to a real-time debate . intj - stay introverted and get shit done . get bored of the wave and go find another one to try out . i'm too girly to be a boy but too boyish to be a girl . my clothing ranges from cute gothy / ravy stuff to boys shirts that i stole from my so . i don't wear makeup . my hair is a bit frizzy but ... ours was a year long event using star reading . i would read a book and when i turned it into the library the librarian would make me take a 10-15 question test . each book was also marked with a ... do you know how fast your face falls into an angry frown ? it's lightning speed incredible ! - boyfriend this was one of my boyfriends points in a debate on why i should smile more . i plan to keep ... explain how a human is infinitely more complex then a female hygienic tool and the infj should make a more logically sound insult ? as long as there is a library , laboratory and computer inside the cage , i'll go . and once a week i can write you a letter about what i discovered and leave it by the door . i fear most of my letters ... life in a day . it's a really great documentary on netflix 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i ’ ve been typed as an intj , intp , infj ... in the last month by various people . i know what i personally think . but it would be ... moral's , motives , and emotion are subjective based on the time and place they are displayed . they can be evil or good . or even look evil but still be for the greater good . i like spring and fall . rain is lovely and calming . summer thunderstorms are fun to watch from the porch . but i don't care for the extreme temperatures that come with winter and summer . it's 10 % fun ... do you have a preference of subspecies ? i'm terrible at this too . i have a ' two try ' rule . i'll try and help someone improve twice . if they resist , are too stupid to understand , don't want it , or give up . then i consider not worth my time ... the question isn't who is going to let me ... it's who is going to stop me ? discuss what ? both . xd way to not include any of the other southern continent . lol this reminds me of don't you ever poke things with a stick to see what happens ? * pokes your ' nvm ' with a stick * you don't have to be sorry . it wasn't you being anti-american . i understand that some people just hate other countries without a logical basis . plenty of americans do it too and it makes me want to ... mow moe show crow snow tow ah , well the ones i was stuck with did not do your type any justice . though i've been on the look out for a real life adult entp to observe , as my personal data is old and stale , needs updated . but ... learn some : html , css , ruby , ad python aquaponics , botany and genetics go camping , live with five middle european collage exchange people . smoke pot watch mass documentaries walk my dog so ? toe ? low ? after driving along canada's west coast from seattle wa to homer ak ... i have mixed opinions . the canadians in the sides that border america were super nice and such . but the closer we got to the ... whoops . you're totally right ! * runs to change it * too many princesses with dead mothers trying to get married . they all slur together . well , mine was an intj but i was really talking about any ... where did you think you saw me ? completely unrelated but i like your avatar . i had all the frog and toad books growing up . would you wash his hands or his mouth with soap ? you're right . i may not be able to see all the problems , but i can damn well see some of them . and not just the trivial lies that he tries to feed me . which , by the way , don't work . just because the ... i'm with an intj and have been for 7 months . we've been friends for almost two years . i don't think they are doomed , but it does take both parties to be willing to step out of their own mental world ... so i've dated a few sj's and a few nf's . i've had a family of sp's so i already knew not to date them . but my most satisfying relationship has been with my male intj . ( in the back of my mind , jasmine ... i wouldn't tell someone that . but i'm the worst at long distance friendships . in my mind , if i haven't told you that the relationship has changed , then it hasn't . even if we haven't talked in 6 month ... my uncle passed away on friday . i found out yesterday . it was definitely a blow to my world . he was in his 40 ' s . i planned to go see him and have him meet my boyfriend next year . maybe smoke a bowl ... read out loud . seeing and hearing the details gives it more of a chance of being remembered . also following the sentence you are on with a finger can help . our eyes naturally focus on movement , so a ... i like doing physical things every once in a while to burn off energy . but i've noticed that all my enjoyed exercises are solo ones , or at least ones that have an ' secluded amongst like minds ' ... the intp / intj interaction here was definitely the first year interactions my boyfriend and i had before we dated . now we can agree to disagree . i would say my voice is of normal tone . i can be very expressive and loud if i want . but in a natural content state , most people think i'm mad at them . apparently my normal / content voice comes off as ... - fuck its a very useful word . it can go in all the places . - i don't look at the speedometer when i drive , so i usally end up driving faster then i'm supposed too . but luckily i live in a city ... the thought that they might be angled so they would be easily reversed out of , rather then into ... seems to not have dawned on her . i haven't worked there in two years . welcome ! i hope the radiation isn't leaking through . man came into a store called brookstone where i happen to be working . he walks up to me and says my laptop keeps cooking my balls and i'm worried about radiation on my sperm ... you know . it might ... dogs illness old age feline aids people antifreeze soaked cat food large birds starvation : kitteh : '