' i'm good ! our house was unscathed :D yeah , they're pretty terrible atm . maria is almost as bad as irma . i sure hope she keeps away from florida and it looks like she will from most tracking data , ... she's perfect ! ever since she recovered from her surgery , she's been such a happy little camper with a newfound confidence - she thinks she's in charge of everyone and thing , even though she's only ... hi everyone ! i've missed you ! so i dropped off the forum a few months ago as i got so busy with a big project and then had lost the habit of coming here . then , we had hurricane irma sweep ... i don't think anyone i know would call me serene : laughing : but thank you , it's sweet of you to come here & compliment us . i shall bask in the glow even if i don't deserve it : wink : 683258 happy birthday snowflakey ! ! ! : hug : i have decided ! you need some hamsters ... belly ... it has to be my belleh in order to fall asleep . but once i'm asleep for a few hours , i often turn to my side in either a slightly bent at hips ( yearner ) , or very straight ( log ) position . ... 683250 : angel : i read nurture by nature by paul and barbara tieger ... i found it quite good and feel more confident about potentially typing young children in the future - everyone i've known matched their ... ohh marv ... legumes are where it's at ! 682610 really , all si types seem a little squishy to ni types . don't assume nfjs don't bite too ... oh yeah , i agree with you on tolerance thresholds ... i'd also like to add that the other element of the same thing is practice . i imagine it kind of like times of war ... you have your normal ... new update on chloe post surgery : well , the surgery went well :D the vet did not find the obstruction she expected to find ... instead she found that what she saw on the xray was instead a very ... i'm curious how we inferior se gals in general deal with pms moods ? it doesn't often happen to me , but when it does it seems to take me a good long time to realize that something's off . it's ... when i was younger , it was always someone much older or younger than me ( like my 8yr old ' friend ' who was a very uniquely bright sensible girl ... some kids are just amazingly more aware than adults - ... are we talking fe or te here ? you seem to be pointing out empirical scientific data that te deals with . i am pointing out moral data that fe deals with . ( i am not suggesting that you use ... yup . i agree with others , anything that breaks my focus can make me really irritated . when people want to talk to me , i insist on reorganizing myself first . only then can i be accommodating ... yeah ... that's like those minimum possible investment people ( mpis ) . they're so busy either trying to portray something about themselves , or just meet the minimum interaction goal , that they fling ... i'm not attached to emojis for my own satisfaction ( like i don't care about receiving them ) , but i tend to use them more whenever i think someone may be confused about my intentions with something ... long ? lol , you haven't seen anything yet ! :p welcome to the forum ! i'm fairly likely to use external means to write my messages , depending on the format of the place i'm posting . for ... amazing news everyone ! ! ! omg ! ! ! chloe is in surgery right now ! ! ! some wonderful people called the vet and put down the money up front so the vet could start the surgery ! ! ! i'm so shocked and ... oh no , i didn't mean that you were condescending at all ! i was just teasing you ! lol also , i see a few new threads in other subforums are completely gone too . it seems to be ones created yesterday . :( hey mods ... we are losing threads left & right . i mean , they just disappear - not moved . i was * just * typing out a very long reply to someone's q on the infj subforum about their esfj ... congratulations ! ! ! is it just me , or did the beginning read kind of like i climbed mt . everest / got a doctorate , you know ... high achievement ? well , i certainly think it is the biggest ... thank you so much everyone for your compassion and commiseration . i very much appreciate every reply and story and hand-hold here , i really needed them . it means a lot to me and makes me feel ... exactly what i said . how is a heart supposed to understand why money is more important than a life that is loved ? how is anyone supposed to understand that ? why do children still die in ... i'll be hovering over the cake , pretending not to be bothered by so many people , while scoffing down all the desserts . ooopsie , i didn't mean to eat all the eclairs , sorry ! happiness ! ! ! ... i get the head part ... my heart will never understand . i know this isn't type dependent , for our friends find it sickening too ... but i just had to say : doesn't it seem deeply , completely , wrong , when life is reduced to dollars & cents ? so every ... ... just as long as i'm not again accused of running away ... : rolleyes : then all is well :) let's check this claim out ... we began with : so , ikusagami , amongst stawkers statements & sarcasm , where was he asking me for further explanation ? not to rain on your parade , but : as a prescription drug , i hope you are talking it under the guidance of a doctor . modafinil carries a hefty list of potential side effects , including fatality ... sangoire ... that's interesting ! you know , i really admire the amount of time & thought you put into your fella . you always have something well thought out to add , your insight is much ... stawker - i did address my issues with your points . you failed to comprehend . in every thread we have conversed . my dignity most certainly doesn't rest upon remaining silent as someone makes ... yet more assumptions : rolleyes : how everything makes sense to you + some assumptions pulled out of your ass + concern over my emotions ... yup , you must be pretty deep into your shadow side . there's such a thing as entertaining an idea in order to consider it , without buying it . intuitives are usually pretty good at this , whether they be thinkers or feelers . you seem to keep ... snowflake minuet i just saw this video on fb , and it made me think of you ! lolol according to google ( lol ) , most people believe in a line of delineation between evil acts , and a state of being evil . the state is dependent upon a consistent history of significantly evil acts . ... but how can it not be ? megalomania , psychopathy , sociopathy , these are very frequently associated with those people who have committed atrocities and would be labeled by larger consensus as evil ... yes , although for me it's not physical . physical sensations from emotional discomfort are due to the brain sending out signals along the nerves in reaction to heightened emotion . in order for ... i've never seen quickly in any of the proper sx descriptions . i've seen it reffered to as a need , which confers a strong longing , perhaps inciting many to move quickly - however that's not an ... sx wants to get to know someone deeper ... monogamy is the best outlet for that . i don't think sx is the cause of your problems ... it's not exactly about sex . ne / se are the causes . my real answer to this is waaay too complicated for me to even type out . suffice to say , it all depends . it depends , so much , my head could explode . we're talking inferior se here , so the ... guys , what's a hipster ? lol i meant that evil is the result of a psychological disorder of some form . lavendersnow ... huh ? ? ? i am a bit confused . my opening sentence was aimed towards zosios op , and then i tagged you preceding my train of thought related to what you said . i don't understand ... it's not . i had that question myself when i first started looking into it two years back . i did quite a bit of internet searching on this topic , and i came across some churches that use mbti as a ... i hadn't heard of that before , although i have read about the evil side of infjs . it sounds a bit different than that ( hitler , apparently ) . the problem i see with lavendersnow description ... harrr harrr harrr ... de pirate lassie has found the truth ! not a joke but still so funny ! for the broader aspect of the question , yes i've dated ts almost exclusively . i would choose a t over an f in the future , as it just fits what i need & want in a partner better . to be picky ... ethanol , i thought you might want to weigh in with your perspective for obvious reasons :) '