i can so relate to this . finding the ' truth ' is like an obsession of mine . you know you're an infp when ... you don't post on your fave forums for a few weeks cause you need some time ... pretty much what most people have said here . i was also ( and still am ) obsessed with subjects relating to death , reincarnation , spirits , the afterlife etc . i often found myself having deep spiritual ... you know your an infp when ... ~ you come across really cool people online but don't send them a friend request incase they don't like you and wouldn't want to be your friend . ~ when in a ... : tongue : haha ! that's me and my partner ... i never really wanted children . it just wasn't something that was on my ' to do ' list . but ... life has a way of doing it's own thing ... and now i have 3 ( bio ) children , whom i couldn't live without . ... i was always told to ' just get over it ' but it honestly wasn't that easy . maybe we do hold things closer and more intensly than others ? just saying what i've learned about molesters from my own research . a child who is quiet , withdrawn and less confident is easier to groom and abuse than a child who is loud , confident and outspoken . of course , i was abused at age 2 , so i'm not sure if i qualify ... yep , i do this a lot . for some reason , it's connected to the whole ' i never thought it would happen to me ' ... somewhere in my brain , it feels like if i actually allow myself to think about this ... i check power points a lot . when i go grocery shopping , i have a certain order and position that i put my groceries in the trolley and then again at the checkout . when i wash dishes , i also have a ... yep , i speak sofly too . i'm always having to repeat myself and i hate repeating myself . sometimes i wish i could just transfer my thoughts into another person's brain , so i wouldn't have to talk at ... yep , i get it a lot , too . especially if i just sit back and allow life to unfold and just kind of observe ... i've avoided being diagnosed with anything cause for a while there , if they started , they wouldn't have stopped . ha ! but i suffered with depression since i was a child ( first psychologist at age ... i turned 38 in march : happy : i've always loved reading . for me , it was a total escape . i could have my nose in a book all day long and it was like the ' real world ' didn't exist ... like so many of you , music for me is like oxygen . i find that i am mainly drawn to lyrics , which is why i love alanis morissette so much . i can relate to every single line in every single ... i fell in love with shakespeare at the age of 9 , so all of those ... lord of the flies ~ william golding - brilliant book ! davinci code / angels and demons ~ dan brown - they have all my fave ... my father was extremely over protective . i just wasn't allowed the same freedom as other kids . i don't know how to ride a bike , for example ... i'm 38 and never rode a bike in my life ... i did ... i'm an aries ... ok , i'm gonna look like a total freak now ... my earliest memory is being a baby in my mothers arms , while travelling in the car . my mother smiled at me , then i looked at my father , who was ... i was bullied for 5 years in high school .. although my therapist called it ' assult ' as i was not only teased but kicked , punched and spat on too . to say it affected me , would be an understatement ... i don't like it when people turn up at my house unannounced . : laughing : i scored 124 . i have done other eiq tests and received a low score , so i'd trust what you know about yourself : happy : there does seem to be a lot of awesome people here . derail away , oh , awesome one ! : laughing : i have been told that my quietness is intimidating : confused : i had a period of time when i was almost the complete opposite to myself . of course , i was mixing with some bad people and doing lots ... of course ! i wouldn't have it any other way : laughing : oh , no .. it's fine . i'm finding this completely facinating and since i know very little , it's a great way to learn : happy : so are you ! : laughing : i love shows like dexter , ncis .. that type of stuff . i think it's mainly due to my interest in the criminal mind . i do have a hard time seeing the violence , though . i cannot watch movies like saw ... my partner is an infp also and he's the only person who comes close to understanding me . we are so alike , it's almost scary . when we met , we both had a feeling of ' i finally found you ! ' . we felt ... i scored 18 . i have a high pain threshold and can drink coffee til the cows come home . apart from that , a lot of it fits me . : laughing : yeah , i fit an infp in every way , just those ' insight ' factors that had me confused , as that is very much me , too ... sometimes i feel i know more than i should . it's good ... i'm much the same . i find it quite hard to make new friends . i'm really bad at the initial conversation and most people don't stick around long enough to get any deeper .. that's if they are ... yep . i get what you mean . i find i do that a lot actually . i will read loads and loads of information about a subject , spend huge amounts of time thinking about it but will not draw a definate ... do you mean we find multiple meanings for things ? see something new each time you look at it ? i do that too ... i have a lot of problems falling alseep . it can take me several hours and some nights , i don't sleep at all . people are always asking me ' what are you worried about ? ' and there ... i so agree ! ! : laughing : i found i was able to unravel my own mind . my counsellor said i did her job for her . i went through a period of numbing my emotions .. or at least trying to ignore them and pretending i didn't have any . i also went through a period where it seemed i felt nothing at all . however , i ... i'm finding it all so facinating . i have so many questions but am trying so hard not to ask them , for fear i may look like an imbicile : happy : psychology is a huge interest of mine , primarily ... i just realised how very little i know about personlity types and how it all works ... and i hate not knowing : tongue : see , going by that , i am most definately a p ... 4 unfinished books , all being read at the same time , all on different subjects ... by my bed : laughing : i think i got a little confused by the ... ah , ok . i'm very new to this , so i apologise for my ignorance . : happy : hello , i have done a lot of reading , as well as some further tests and i believe that i am an infp ... from spending most of my day in deep thought to hating routine and a day full of plans ... what a great welcome ! thanks crystall ! ah , my kind of people : laughing : yeah , i know what you mean about feeling lonely . even when people think they understand what you are saying , you know they don't really get it . i have never met another person like me , in all my 38 years . the only person who has come close , is my partner who is infp ... i don't often find other people who know about sidhe , so it's good to meet you : happy : oh , ok . i guess i relate to leannan sidhe ... kind of misunderstood , perceived as dark and seductive but actually has a good heart . of course , leannan sidhe ~ faerie sweetheart is said to be an ...