' i met an isfj girl one week ago and like her much.we are just friends at this moment , i'm not so sure anyway . we are completely different and mutually annoying :) i made a first move ... she ... i analyzed some istps here , i know their way to answer . also that istp type , i know , maybe more than myself.because of my father's type . so you aren't istp according to my opinion and observations . ... here my analysis ; ne-ti user undoubtely . understand how something works quickly , logical risk taker , interesting witty answers.adjusting the things the way you want base on current the ... answer 20 question + my questions.or just writing about yourself like an essay . give us as much as info you can provide . then we ll type you . 1 ) when you watchin a movie , do you realize small ... yup :) , i value honesty a lot in my life but they force me to show my manipulative hypocrite side . otherwise your desires are meaningless , they just improvising whatever they like + money.my inner ... minor ? ne-ti combo vs ne-fi , 3rd function different common thing-inferior function is similar , somehow unimportant and 1st function ne . entp-intp yes difference somehow close but don't say to ... sterotype - obsession of controlling people , leading method-direct . nobody wants to be controlled obviously unless the leader is really required.especially folk of this forum why ? infp / intp / intj ... can you answer my personal questions ? here is the list , you can write tons of thing . provide more datas about yourself then i ll try to analyze your type . 1 ) when you watchin a movie , do you ... chill out :) funny video btw , you may be one of them or not . don't trust tests.question style , your current mood may alter the result.or percentences just show your choices on the test , doesn't ... thx for replies , i asked these questions to determine whether you are entp / intp / entj / intj or not . i created these questions quickly and ofc reflect my subjective opinion.it may be true or not . 1st ... batman is unrealistic - - too much muscles and super agility . dark , charismatic figure superman is alien and super.realistic . i have never met any alien before except my inner voice xd . blue tight ... hahaha , i thought that before . small talks fine for me.but they usually want to talk about topics , they have no idea.quite annoying.yet i speak and ignore all my knowledge , go for sterotypes or ... low se , si , fe i detected . i want to ask you questions before my final judgement . - - - deductive way / inductive way ? which method you prefer . ( you can skip this question if you are unsure ) ... lol , i did both . plus , i hacked school website , inserted dick image instead of headmaster's photo to get revenge.nobody liked him and no one turned me in xd what is your mbti type ? entp what mbti type is / are your best friend ( s ) ? enfj-more than a brother to me how do you describe your relationship with them ? like ... how close is the bond ? what ... lol , nevermind , i just jokin - _ - just imagined solving math problems with feelings . cute 1 + nasty 2 = jerk 3 xd + 1 my analysis ; fi dom for sure , te > ti , your 3rd function should be s , your si > se , you use your n side well . q2 - 2n part ne-but way to telling yourself / expressing , initially , i thought aha ... unless you gonna kill us , we aint gonna questioning anything , i promise i am aganist all sterotypes whether it is accurate or not.in theory , it may be accurate but we are not robots.tons of different factors alter it . and jung's real purpose is just to show and ... yup , imagine godzilla with pink underwear - _ - i'm sick , just realized lol so you may wanna check this thread ; ... description solely gives an idea but if you define yourself with descriptions and stereotypical things , then you can not decide . cognitive function theory is core of mbti . mbti ' ' e ' ' letter just ... surprisingly :) my istp father gave same answers . i asked these questions 1 month ago . last question of my test.actually ask this ... how much risk you gonna take--istp > estp my father always want to ... + 1 , i lost everything : > , all answers whether what u ask regardless almost end with fe.even she can kill the whole society with her fe . low s usage , not n user.my mind gave fatal error . your fe is so strong that is undeniable.and also i think it has superiority over your perceiving functions ( s / n ) . it means your mbti code should start with an e and end with j . exxx means dominat ... result is ... you are totally babe type xd i read all of them , i swear - _ - btw 20 question sucks , so i just stole some of these questions from my other post , they are not good either but i ... i wanna ask questions to know you better and to satisfy my curiosity . =) if my questions disturbing , you may not answer them . - - - when you watchin a movie , do you realize small details right ... she can't be both.not according to the theory at least . either she got personality disorder or you misidentify her actions , maybe her shadow personality decieves you . personality disorders ... serious all the time , logical , intellectual , she shapes , improves things in efficent way like ne-ti . not so fragile like isfp.isfp use fi-se combo a lot.isfp and intj cogntive function orders are so ... avodiant per . disorder is caused by fi-si loop mostly-due to weak 2nd function . -> common among infp / istj so you can be judged wrongly as isfp because of fi-si loop . believe me your fi is ... 3 ) think about a time where you felt like you were at your finest . tell us what made you feel that way . any time i ’ m making someone else ’ s life , or even just their day , better . fe 5 ) what tends ... we can share our hapinnes + free hugs just ask for :) i think infps are happy too but they dont aware.they get pleasure via melancholy , even themselves and others interpret them mistakenly.hapiness ... no more alice cooperufeff 1 - nf-pollyanna 2 - me 3 - mad mans , you may find many kings.sultans , superman at lunatic asylum.xd 4 - ignorants-ignorance is bliss after all . 5 - kids , have no jtype parent around . 6 - money money must be ... but at the end , he always brought his brillant solution via n alone.foreman intj for sure.but house is broken somehow , doesnt like people yet he needs people around himself to work.ne - ti user - intp or ... se / ne-data / info collector mechanism . for exp se-provides tangible image / info from the moment to your filter.when you see the tree , image of tree come to your filter.filter is either t / f , it means ... @ [ / url ] [ url = ] obsidian like-dislike things i mean it s the important how you write or say sth you like or dislike ... you may disagree my ... ' ' social situations are difficult for me because i've nothing to draw from , it seems to me that i don't remember anything that has happened . no idea . i am never sure about things because of this ( it ... i dont want use quotes from your writings but i read em twice . esfp fits you well . i can easily say you are sensing perciever . you aren't intuitive at all , se is strong with you along with fi , you ... you are messy dude you are wrong you are jerk your inner guy yells : someone pls call the care police . ... ___ @ @ @__ ... ___ / / ___ ? ___ ... common mistakes and recommendations don't trust tests . - - when your mood change , test result may change , or question style may scruw up the result . there is no borderline - ... you describe entp ... except jokes :) ... 2 moods are visable from outside clearly ... 1st mood-confident clown--general group mode for acting joking , teasing , smile a lot etc . 2nd one is helpful geek ... pioneer here ... i expected to come out as shit instead of pioneer after i just randomly went for middle at the end :) cuz i love my traits generally . why do you have to ask me tonz stupid ... benvenuto a intp world sister , run far far away from here if you can - _ - today , my intp vote goes to ... or this one youtube - system of a down - toxicity : official video viva la empire : wink : intp anthem ... unending skepticism , obsessive self development idea , effort to be act like e and s ( temporary fun and energy boost--but it s not your lifestyle ... ) . we desire to achive what we missing in the life - ... youtube - ozzy osbourne - suicide solution ! ! ! ozzy osbourne 82 hours at the end , i got nice rational girlfriend , basically i saw the heaven in the earth guyz after + 70 hours , i had an crimanl law exam , i was drunk and sleepy , everybody dying on event , but im ... after mbti test , his result is revealed ... my friend askin , what s that supposed to mean ( esfp ) - - omg , i cant believe it ... you are disguised gay in our society , you are nice though .. ( mindfuck ... cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 22.5 ) limited useintroverted sensing ( si ) ... i get it why u asked . i have annoying mr . correcter mate for paper works.after i finished to write , he says all wrong things.this is too ambigious , wrong spelling , this is wrong grammar use haven't you ... '