' i thought i would be alone forever but now i'm in a relationship type thing and it's honestly pretty wonderful . in fact , it's not just a relationship , it's a poly relationship . who even am i . she ... i have a healthy appreciation for nature . i enjoy being in it , and being by myself in it , because it's calming and introspective and when you're alone in nature you can notice things you might not ... i can't seem to find where i stored all my photos , but here are a few i guess i kind of like . ... dirty dishes in the sink drives me crazy , i do mine immediately after i finish eating . but i also live with two roommates , one of which can't seem to grasp the concept of a dishwasher . nothing ... the hottest potato . true , i'll have to collect more data before i can make a solid conclusion . though i'll need some volunteers . aggressive ? sure . dominant ? not really . feels forced , yeah . there was nothing wrong with her , she was quite nice and we got along , it just made me feel claustrophobic . and i just don't think we're that compatible . but i'm also one of ... i went on a date today for the first time and i can now confidently say that dating is not my thing . dudeguy if you're trying to win my heart , it's working . it really depends on the length of the flight and who i'm traveling with . because i've done almost all of those things on one 12 hr flight . but generally i watch tv / movies on the ife , then listen to ... i'm assuming if i were famous i would also be reasonably wealthy or at the very least would have the means to gain wealth . and i'm also admittedly a bit of an attention whore , so i think fame would ... ¯ _ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ 458505 4585 13 starting to accept that i'm probably more ixtp than anything , leaning slightly more towards n . kind of frustrating to be honest . i think it depends on the individual . i've heard some intps who prefer small colleges , and i've heard of others who like large colleges . small colleges have the perk of being more intimate , you can ... i voted + 1 . i've had a lot of trouble in the past dealing with sadness ( not going to say depression ) and anxiety , but over the last few months i've felt genuinely content with my life . i've always ... i support feminism . there are radicals in every movement , but that doesn't mean the movement itself is a bad thing . it's just unfortunate that the radicals are the ones who get heard the most . ... i'm really sensitive to sounds . i almost get a kind of sensory overload sometimes , and it gives me a lot of anxiety . when this happens , i just need to get out of that situation and go off to be by ... as a female intp , i find that i often do this sort of thing , where i still genuinely like the person , but it starts to become really draining and i start feeling claustrophobic with the relationship ... i don't really doubt my type anymore because i realize now that it's not a box i have to fit into . there are a lot of things about me that are very un-intp-like , but there are also a lot more things ... entp or estp for me . i love being an intp , but the extroversion would make my life 10 times easier , and i think sensing would be of great use to me . motivation would be really nice to have . honestly though , if op has that severe of a problem with as many jobs as he's listed , then there's probably a deeper issue that needs to be addressed . i'm not saying those jobs can't be that way ... i'm pretty sure most entry level jobs for an intp will suck no matter what . i recently got a job as a stocker at a grocery store , thinking it would suit me because it's easy , and monotonous , and it ... genuine enthusiasm and passion is so endearing to me . i can also be pretty enthusiastic about some things , but i don't get excited very easily . i've had the fortune to do a lot of amazing things in ... five years ago , i made a shitty post about thinking puns are funny . since then , it has somehow received 107 thanks . i wouldn't say it's my best but it's definitely my most successful . i still ... i've been on the fence about kids for a while . i used to want them . then i didn't . and now i'm kind of in the middle where i can see both the positives and negatives and i can't decide which side i ... this is me to a t . conflict for me is just unnecessary stress and too much negative emotion . i can't deal with conflict without getting involved with the inevitable emotions , so i prefer to just ... posters of things i enjoy and artwork ( my own + some paintings that i've bought ) . probably going to be the only one here to say that programming never really clicked with me . not unlike math , i enjoy it when i get it , but i can barely understand it . i complain so much . like ... i feel like 90 % of my personality is just grumpiness and complaining . how can anyone stand to be around me . alcohol doesn't make a person more truthful , it just makes you not care . i'm an idiot when i drink . generally i'm a really quiet person because most of the time when i'm sober i'm literally afraid to ... but i honestly don't think what many people say is flaunting is actually that . in every situation i've personally been in ( in my real life , not the internet ) that someone has claimed that another ... sure , when the default assumption isn't that everyone is cisgender and heterosexual , then sure , we can keep everything personal . until then , i'm going to keep wearing my pride as a badge because i ... i'm really unimpressed with a lot of the attitude's expressed in this thread . personally , i identify as a demiromantic asexual nonbinary individual , and i think those labels are an important part ... i'm allergic to cats , but i still love them . but i chose dogs because i just don't think a cat would provide the same satisfaction that i get from having a dog as my companion . but ideally , i would ... i know what you mean . like ... of course it's normal to sympathize with other people's pain , but it's way deeper than that , at least for me . i can't watch movies like saw because it makes me so ... after 20 years of worrying about what i want to do with my life , i decided that the only thing i've consistently loved throughout my life is film and television ( and also dogs ) . so i've decided to ... i'm most cranky when a ) i'm tired , b ) i need to recharge , and c ) when plans don't go accordingly . when i'm cranky , i just bitch about pretty much everything , to the point that even i don't want ... i'm wondering how many other intps suffer from social anxiety . and how you deal with it . especially with being introverted anyway , and how easy this makes it for me to hide behind my introversion ... tfw you look back at some of your oldest posts and realize how stupid and hateful and awful you were ... i've grown a lot since then but seeing some of those posts makes me want to delete my account ... i have found that i struggle in a lot of areas that intps are supposed to be good at . math , physics , computer science . computer science is quickly becoming my worst enemy . i don't get this at all ... my first selfie of 2015 . ... my opinion on suicide is mixed . there's a large part of me that feels like it's a selfish ( and permanent ) solution to a temporary problem , but another part of me understands that depression is a ... i hate my name . i hate introducing myself because my name just feels awkward and out of place when i say / type it in reference to myself . but i can't find any names that i prefer . all of the names ... personally , i have enjoyed participating in sports like baseball / softball , gymnastics , martial arts , bowling , tennis , and swimming . but i have to say that i don't like playing team sports that ... in middle school , i was called a tranny . and a lesbian ( which is hardly an insult ? ? ? ) . i've been called an unfeeling psychopath with murderous tendencies by someone here on perc . my brother has ... countless writing projects . learning guitar . learning several languages . exercising and eating healthier . basically the only thing i've consistently done throughout my life is waste my time and ... i want to comfort people , but i am utterly incapable of actually doing it . it appears that i voted for other at some point , but i don't remember ever voting in this poll . needless to say , i am asexual ( and panromantic ) and i can't imagine why i would say i was anything ... i've been crying a lot lately and it's freaking me out . just crying at stupid shit . i fucking cried during the new night at the museum movie . i almost cried when my mom revealed a secret to me that ... '