' there are two entrepreneurial related shows on cnbc now : the profit and shark tank . both of those could give you ideas on how to start your own business . this is one thing that worked for me : it's an app for your alarm which you can use to make it impossible to ignore . if ... this is the thread that never dies ... lol if you are doing it just for fun , then it isn't a job . in which case , i will be working from the beach over this new year's day holiday with my girlfriend . my girl friend lives near beautiful ... i would interested in video game design . i spend a lot of time in a video game forum dedicated to improving one game but the graphics portion doesn't interest me . i care much more about the ... everyone has a boss - even the people who work for themselves . self-employed people have customers as their boss and if they don't keep their customers happy , they don't have a job either . all of these would cause me to flunk out and dread the rest of my life . they all sound like torture to me . my vote is take the job back which you apparently like . just make it clear to your boss that you are looking for a stem job and that you will be needing time to travel to long distance job ... make the things around me more efficient . it does not good to bang your head against a wall and say everything is slow . it must be continually improved ! this is an issue that would be best be solved with a roommate agreement of some sort . not a big bang theory roommate agreement . the roommate agreement - the big bang theory wiki some roommates ... it is one thing to ask about a theoretical preference for enfp , you could see a lot discussion of that on the forum . i'd even participate in that . but when you start asking about actual people with ... i agree . it doesn't seem like you are too sure what you want to do in life . a few years of real world education will help you decide that ! i didn't say it would every time , those could . perception of time tends to relate to when you are making a lot of unique , lasting memories . going through boot camp and going to college generate a lot ... time does not work like that . the only time that you'll have strong divisions between time is when significant events happen that change your life , especially when significant : moving , military , ... i think both would tell you to marry the man you love not a man based on a personality profile . i would suggest that you ask the good doctor instead ... doctor pepper . i'm trying to figure out the catch in this question ... yes . the question in my mind is : do others realize that i feel empathy for them ? i can recognize what others are going through and the tough positions they are in . but they may not recognize ... one of my best friends is an infj so i really tried to visit because i thought it would be really interesting , similar to my real life friendship . however , each time i went there i got bored . i ... at certain points , when everyone else is emotional and i feel like an emotionless robot . at points , it feels like i missed out on part of the human experience . but overall , i am happy with my level ... first response : you have received a defective intj . please see the nearest sales associate for an exchange . real answer : everyone intj is different and some like to tease less than others . to be honest , i really don't try to quantify intelligence ( and that includes comparing it ) . partially that because people tell me how intelligent i am but i don't think of myself that way . so , i ... who initiated the breakup ? it could be either . there's no way to know for sure . if he doesn't use facebook , it could be the latter . but it could also be a way to remind you of the relationship . what would you do ... the key is to find ways to be happy no matter where you live . you may live in the country but that doesn't mean there are no people nearby . you may just need to create your own opportunities : make ... i think you already know the answers to your questions . you're unhappy and don't feel fulfilled in your job and are looking for a new one . until then , you are getting paid to do a job , so do the ... don't really think about it . i'm only focused on what can be change ( and improved ) in the future . i'm not how , to be honest . i've started type a few different things but deleted all of it ... i think a business major has value and a computer science major has value . but i think that the two can create a hybrid that isn't enough of each . i think many mis success stories come in with a ... the mis program at my school ( which i didn't take , btw ) offered very light programming classes : c + + and visual basic . there was more focus on system design , program management , and business classes ... i normally check the dates before i respond but i didn't see the date until i posted . :: : blush :: : [ quote ] the boring aspect of my previous job was working alone . it wasn't really that i didn't ... not sure what country you're in . i have a bachelors in business and never heard of a thesis for anyone who isn't getting a doctorate degree ! you can also considering marketing . that's where most ... most people stick with their college degree . but a few proceed and get a masters degree . but let your employer pay for it :P it's known as a ph . d . in management and most of them become business professors . and there is actually a shortage management ph . d . s some are found in the commercial world but most of these are ... you are really talking about 2 different things here . in a university , there is a college of business . inside that college , you have multiple business programs : business administration , management ... you missed the # 2 personality for computer programmers - intp . the top 3 are intj , intp , infj . so , it does lean towards ps but p can be oriented towards it . ;) sure . it has to do with what ... i didn't go to the prom and didn't miss it . if i had a gf in hs , maybe . but it sounded sooo boring to me . still , that free lunch requires you to go out of your way , expending energy ( either car , bus fare , or food via walking ) to get there . also , free lunches , frequently have other obligations both ... if you want to get technical about it , there is nothing free . or in economics terms , there's no such thing as a free lunch . every decision we make has an opportunity cost due to a time and / or cost ... there are a few college in the us that are work your way through college program and have no other fees . the obvious ones are the us military academies . college of the ozarks-in exchange for ... i think someone studied some economics , lol . but life and love are different from economics . you have to make decisions with imperfection information . and also , unlike in economics , once you ... and airports ! i like the top floor too , but for different reasons . they are less noisy and you have fewer neighbors . ( no one walking above your head . ) i had a first floor apartment and it was really annoying to ... well , parts of the plan are working perfectly . it was just also working in some unexpected areas too , that really weren't desired . i guess that counts as a snag . lol uh ... oh ... wasn't expecting this ! it usually has more of a dramatic effect on women . : frustrating : what to do , what to do ? : frustrating : there is another option here . finish college with your current major . then transition to another career once you have your degree . this way you can limit your debt ( which i assume you're ... have you changed majors 3 times ? and you want to do it another time ? sorry , if this sounds harsh , but i think you need to figure out what you want to do before you continue education . why are ... imo , that depends on what you're degree is in . consulting or law it can be really important , because it sounds impressive . other than that , i don't believe it adds too much . if you go to grad ... what makes you think you can only do good in government ? and i think you'll find that government is composed of politics and politicians . ( but so are a lot of companies ) . start by opening up your window of opportunities . it's hard to find opportunities in economics / public service with a bachelors degree . get an internship over the summer and / or during the semester . ... humble is not better but neither is lying or exaggerating your credentials . sell your position but do it honestly . if your asked if you've used a computer program and you've only used it a little , ... '