'  i'm trying to finish this drawing of a museum , for a project in my school . : bored : a banana and some water . yeah , but how long can a boy tolerate someone who doesn't talk ? anyway , i really thank you for the answer :) good morning =) 47692 i don't know if i can reject a specific type , but what i can say for sure is that i can't tolerate anyone with a really strong f . : frustrating : yeah , i do that , too . when they talk , i think to myself : he's awesome , i'm so boring compared to him , why would he ever want to be with me right now . and then , i can't think , my mind is blanc . i ... anxious . a hot dog and apple juice . i wouldn't like to completely change a letter , i'd rather to decrease the percentage of i ( i am an intj ) from 75 % to let's say 50 % , so that i can be more something between intj and entj . 46911 - clearing their throat - standing above my head when i'm doing something - picking food from my plate without asking first - walking in circles , moving all the time on the chair ect . , when ... i don't get how those two are different .. i mean , being unfair is never nice . thinking ( 90-100 % ) and introversion ( 60-80 % ) are always the highest .. intuition and judging are on the borderline , sometimes i even score as an istj . 46822 and 46823 and 46824or46825 that's not what normal people do you're boring and i hate it when : they underestimate my intelligence they don't respect my privacy . when i drink , i just become dizzy and maybe i smile a little bit more .. but that's all .. i don't talk more , i don't do crazy things or anything drunk people normally do . even that one time i got ... i speak greek as my first language , english and french . i'd also like to speak spanish . i'm just listening to the news : tongue : type one it is as if ones were saying to themselves , x93i donx 92t want that feeling ! i donx 92t want to have that reaction or that impulse ! x94 actually , i do say that to myself ! i don't want that ... i'm type 1 and that's exactly what i would like .. ! same here , except for the google thing :P yeah i talk to myself , too . i usually imagine how a conversation would be if ... . sometimes it seems to me a little silly because there's no point doing this , but i like it :P intj here . when listening to a song , i enjoy the music and the sound of the voice , not the words . i could listen to a song for 1000 times and still have no idea what it's about . in some rare cases , i ... i'm listening to tell me what to swallow , by crystal castles i love travelling . i've been to italy france austria england scotland spain netherlands . i live in greece and i really really want to visit america too . i like honesty and hate manipulation , both for the same reason : because i expect from people ( including me ) not to be weak . so , i think than everyone must be strong enough to tell and accept the ... born september 19th milk , by garbage . sometimes i'm wondering the same thing .. i mean , i hear people saying i love you and stuff like that , but what do they mean by this ? sometomes i feel like i care about someone , i want to learn more ... '