' after reading your posts carefully , i tend to agree with grey romantic . i can see the ti-se in your descriptions . ni-te and ti-ne seems less probable . falacy of predilection for people who have nothing intelligent to say . that planning doesnt sound like se at all ... i dont see why istp is an option since se doesnt seem to be strong with you ... what are your career dream / path ? what do you yearn for in life ? ... that alone should clear out istp . my friend istp is attracted to extreme sport . he catch things up fairly quickly . like , he quickly spot the best way to achieve something . he doesnt know why his ... isfp personality ( âx80x9cthe adventurerâx 80x9d ) | 16personalities ? it seems clear that you're introvert i skim through the text , but your interest toward music makes me think of strong se . 10 ... the fact that you can't see how retarded it is ... it's just blow my mind . i tried to explain my point of view in previous posts . oh , really ? please , tell me what is ' ' the way that he is ... i mean , i didnt understand what you meant to say . like ... i didnt get what you said . misunderstanding . like if you said x but i understood y . you know ? rofl why you mad , brah ? my bad , it seems like i didnt understand your message / point . i dont know if any theory similar to mbti has ever been proven . i recall reading something about that . i might be wrong on that one , but i think dichotomic personnlity inventory have been shown to ... i feel the same . i've known my girlfriend for 5 years . for 4 years , she thought i was very unorganized / unstructured until i started my career . now , she realized i'm very structured . it's just not ... it doesnt matter in how many group you split the human population . splitting the population in 2 groups could hold more validity than splitting it in 1000 groups . validity : in science and ... i got nothing against intp and i wouldnt mind being typed as such . look , here is what i think is funny : there is questionnaire designed to type someone . it uses many questions to assess ... what's your point ? i dont know what type op is . i ’ m not arguing over that . he might be esfp for all i know . my point is : saying he is more likely an intp because he is second-guessing / self-doubting ( call it as you ... lol i feel like i ’ m getting trolled . are you guys kidding me ? ? ‘ ’ duh , you are questionning yourself , you must be an intp ’ ’ everyday , there is new threads posted by members wanted to get ... maybe intps second-guess more frequently , or second-guess more intensively , or second-guess for different reasons . but typing someone based on that is ridiculous . introspection , self-doubting and second-guessing is not the proper of intps . any type can do that . the proof , this section if fill with people second-guessing their type . wow that's the worst case of stereotyping i've saw in this forum ... and i've saw a lot ... is it suppose to be a joke ? ? typical intj results ... just sayin why ? an opinion without arguments is worhtless . or ... maybe op's reponsible / loyal / hardworker side is confusing him and that's why he's talking about it . maybe if you would have ask him ... from intj to entp ... are you more of an introvert or an extrovert ? this alone should seal the deal ... right ? i love poundering while listening to intense music . i feel like it increases my focus and it makes my mind run faster . i dont have a deep tought song ... but i have a deep thought genre . i get my ... really ? ? ? can you bend under beggings and pleases ? because you're intj , i'm sure you're capable of building a solid analysis / theory . please , elaborate ! burningice i'm challenging you ! equally using fe with te ( or fi with ti ) goes against the logic of mbti . chances are , you're just confused about the definition . cognitive function quiz are even worst than the usual four ... i'm impressed wtf ? op is clearly introvert op , this could help how intjs & infjs approach their body & physical needs your dominant function seems to be a perceiving one . ni seems the best bet . infj , ... uh ? you can find them at the same place as intj males ... i dont understand these numbers . 1.5 % of population would be made up of intj ... 2.5 % of male and 0.5 % of female . i dont get it ? isnt the occurence of female intj something like 1 % ( and intj occurence is like 2-3 % ) ? first , it's not that more uncommon than male intj . second , 1 % isnt that uncommon ... it seems like it has ... glad it helps ! i dont really have other sources . personality junkie is one of the best described website i've come across . intj vs . intp | prelude character analysis another interresting ... meh ... trying to resume a complex and blurry concept with only 1 sentence is a good way to get confused . someone who dedicate his life to seek knowledge ( like a researcher in an university ) , is he a ... hmmm ... it sounds more like intp than intj . intj are commonly strong-will and arent easily disheartened . do you consider yourself perseverant / resilient or more easily disheartened ? it's hard ... wow , strong post . i really like how solid your arguments are ! op , what are your hobbies ? how structured and disciplined are you in your work / projects ? i think it's a good way to ... i understand your difficulty to differentiate these 2 types . both are very similar on the surface . their dominant function is an inner perceiving one ( ni vs si ) and they both us te to interact with ... from what i've read ... there is 2 things that seems clear to me : se is either dom or aux fi / fe are lower function with this premise , and you saying that you're an introvert , the remaining ... estp ? honnestly , i havent read all of it . anyway , it's hard to pull anykind of conclusion from this . everything thing is tangled up . first , are you more of an introvert or an extrovert ? this should be ... oh okay ! and what makes you say so ? it's safe to say you're not istj and estj imo in this post , you've described yourself as quite an emotionnal being ... i dont think intp fit this description . i think f would be your dom or aux ... hey everyone ! i filled a questionnaire and i wonder what type does it makes me look like ? i hesitate between intj , intp and istj . thanks for your help guys ! 1 ) what aspect of your ... awesome post emberfly ! you just describe the difference between me ( intj ) and my girlfriend ( istj ) perfectly lol ! cognitive function define your type . cognitive function are the causes , the hidden force that nourish a personnality type . from a personnality type , you can draw personnality traits . intjs share ... istj , getting close to our 5 years mark ! dezir trying to apply mtbi's type isnt easy . gray zones are more frequent than black / white decision . dont wait to get an undeniable evidence , it probably wont happen . also , cognitive functions ... i agree almost to 100 % with other posters said . in the workplace , i force myself to open up and connect with others because it is necessary . it's easier to work with people when they know you a ... how do you get stronger ? you lift weight and work out how do you get more endurant ? you run / swim / cycle etc . how do you became a better painter ? you paint more . imo , that's a great example of ni / te at work . i wonder what others think of it though i really like how you spot an opportunity ( window's app market ) and build from that . i guess it's a bunch of ... '