' my thoughts : i think the solar activity is the major cause , but humanities disruption of the planet has accelerated it , by destroying the balance . mainly de-forrestation , then extra man made ... how many times this week is it ? the dilemma eh ? sticks and stones will break your bones , but words can always hurt me . hah zing ! . ( it's past midnight , my expiration date of my sanity has gone and passed , until i wake up again ! ) so , can ... aaarg ! just needed to vent that , you know ... from all the procrastination . was thinking about it , first thing that popped into my head was : looking away is a good way to disconnect and feel less directly involved , giving you a clearer look and ability to think at whatever ... just the song to listen to on christmas certainty replaced doubt , happyness replaced sadness - as if providence took hold of her , yet something else was brewing amidst the rapture of peace , something she did not expect . the dust seemed to settle midair , when it suddenly changed course and started swirling around her , coming dangerously close to her mouth and nose . travelling through the clouds , one hop at the time she wondered if she was stuck in her dreams - she seems to wake up and float off every other moment . the man delicately licked the chocolate of her fingers , with a very seductive smile . but in that radiant golden glow , she smelled a sweetness , very much like chocolate . not too sure if she is still dreaming or not , she looked around if that so sought after pot of gold was anywhere to be seen : pot or kettle of gold , i've always wanted to know what's on the other end ... sex as in gender , i found this picture thought provocative . youtube - auto-tune cute kids and kanye worth a watch :D , and ' charlie bit me ' deserves a song of it's own xd singing , like a few happy just gotten laid drunken sailors with mikhail , turranmc , mannyp and hollygolightly on vent pff , lyric junkies . youtube - hans zimmer - chevaliers de sangreal quite a magical piece of music writing , burning some roms , listening to some awesome music . i'm trying to zone out from the world and defocus all external thoughts . hurray for remote sodomy : crazy : figured , i might as well contribute to the thread . maybe some of you will enjoy these pieces :) sorry , have a habit of not finishing drawings :( ... bored ... browsing , nursing a stiff neck a chinese masseuse couldn't stomp away . but there is a silver lining ! first time i've heard hollygolightly speak on vent ! sometimes in a fight an infp intentionally will not speak , because if they do ... they'll shoot laserbeams , knives and daggers knowing they will cause maximum damage to the other party . having fun on ventrilo , figuring out what i should write in the ' what you really think of a pc member thread ' thingy . my name is christoffer , though i'm always called chris my right hand is currently busy ... using the tablet for some ... creative release : crazy : bursting , but having no release . i've gotta write but my brain's keeping me procrastinated . finding a new cure against super spicey tongue burning food . slobbering on the white part of the baquette like it's a lolipop . having a pleasant day , starting snowball effect for some things to come ... and hoping the feeling will remain by the time i wake up . oh ... and boo ! you're not stopping meh ! currently getting used to the tablet , it's a change from the regular pencil , but lots of fun ! * still dancing , high on tea and honey * somebody stop meh ! feeling high on tea with honey ... and in the mood to party with you guys and get crazier then we are : crazy : spill yer guts melbel , even if the case could occur that just one person cannot understand the length of you ... i bet the collection of us could . i'm shaking my hips and legs to a nice bossa nova style music track , while still in my chair . i've perfected on chair dancing by now : tongue : what do you fear ? this fine line changes for every girl : laughing : reading a funny story about an s & m erotic novelist with her non so usual tendencies and her editor . really funny and cute . : laughing : i will find that villain one day ! it's a hit ! negative . negative ! it didn't go in . it just impacted on the surface . connecting in irc and ventrilo , looking at my screen and contemplating a few things . pondering about about my social life , and wondering if i should try to create myself an alternate ... i'll apologise in advance for violating your minds like that , or wait ... i've already done it . : crazy : i don't remember ... but perhaps george lucas and steven spielberg for the movies they've created . that would be better , because there are just some things money can't buy ;P if i had all the money of every human being , every bank of every whatever you can think of ... i would burn it , so we're rid of it . do any other infp's share this ? there are several layers of defence put up before getting to the core . 1 ) the withdrawn , silent persona . 2 ) the frequent use of humor to hide your awkwardness . 3 ) the ... it is a disease , it elevates heart rates , fevers , stomach pains , can cause depression , produces insanity , causes mental breakdowns on already unstable people : laughing : you guys should float a bit more into your right hemisphere . science , search of truth . philosophy , to understand what's truth . hah ;P once outside the ' masses of highschool ' uniqueness and diversity prevails ... fortunately ! and the ' everyone ' are right , you are a beauty . sometimes being stuck in certain thoughts / daydreams , leaves you a bit oblivious to your surroundings . : tongue : '