' well , i think i can answer this question . i talked about it some time ago with a nun who helped me understand some aspects of christianity better . you see , god sent us his son . it was a final and ... infj , roman catholic . my favourite song by my favourite band . i do , but i definitely wouldn't call it an explosive side . it's rather a passive-aggresive side . instead of being furious , i show my anger by rejecting people who want to approach me . after doing so ... i'm sure he wouldn't be offended if he knew you called his sense of humour wicked ;) john paul ii was a great and wise man , indeed . when it comes to his books , i've only read crossing the threshold ... yes , actually , now i'm in kraków but i'm from wadowice . he was born there . i'm attending the same school he attended , i'm really proud of it :) kraków , poland . ok , i'll give you the same advice most of the people here would give you . i have no idea how much you know about cognitive functions , but i can ensure you that learning about them is the best way to ... very nice title indeed :) welcome and have fun ! my question is , did any of the people you mentioned type you as intj ? for me you kinda sound like one ( just a guess of course , i know it's too ... december 22 , 2011 . my best friend (= my huge crush ) wished me merry christmas . one of the most beautiful moments of my life , which i wish could last forever . i hug my pillow at least once a day , ... not sure if already posted : that made me laugh hard , my best friend is an intj , i guess i know what you mean :) my friend noticed that i'm attracted to weirdos some time ago and i guess she was 100 % right . introverted geeks are just my type and i really don't care whether they're popular and well-thought-of or ... i can totally relate to almost all posts in this thread . i'm also a 4w5 with 9w1 in my tritype , and infj . procrastination is a huge problem for me , good thing i've completely mastered the ability of ... yup , i do this a lot . sometimes my friend is like : what the hell , do you remember every single world i ever told you ? well , yes . i must admit , it's quite amusing for me when people get scared ... i like your avatar ;) some time ago i made a thread where i described my problems in relationship with my friend . i posted it in enneagram section , but as he's also an intj , i'd like to ask you for help , too . i'd really ... first of all , i'm really sorry about this whole situation . it must be really difficult . i'm not an intj , but i have some experience with this type , as it's my best friend's type . he once admitted ... i've got the same problem , but i've always associated it with being enneagam type four . i don't really know to what extent this is connected with my infjness . i don't deal with my emotions and ... winter . as sting , one of my biggest inspirations , once said winter is the season of imagination . in winter i'm even more melancholic and meditative . i don't know how to explain it , but i just ... now i'm listening to this : i especially love the part beginning at 1:50 ( idle talk and hollow promises ... ) . it's beautiful . it's funny , i think that infj's paradoxically can adapt to certain people or situations more easily . their identity is so strong that they're not afraid of losing it . i do it quite often , actually , ... exceptionally good . the weather is beautiful here in poland , it's sunny and warm , the first day of actual spring . i visited my granny and played with my cousins , now i'm watching dumb talent shows ... you're right , this scene never fails to make me cry , but i find this part even more touching : this is just heartbreaking . such a simple story , yet so ... btw i'd really like to help you , because i know it's difficult . the only thing i can do is send you the link to the article i read a couple of weeks ago . it helped me a bit , maybe it'll help you too ... my theory is that all personality types are developed in childhood , not only infj . and yes , family , peers and envirnoment in which a child grows up are all crucial . i didn't really have a difficult ... i don't know about the last one , but i was born in november , i wear glasses and i definitely was academically advanced for my age ( i learnt to read when i was five ) . i just don't deal with it . at all . the only thing that works in my case is finding another guy . if there's no one around , i keep thinking about the boy i like for ages . rejected love is one of the ... first of all , there's nothing wrong about being an introvert . someone who's an introvert doesn't necessarily have to be antisocial ( well , even if he is , there's still nothing wrong with it ) . i hate ... that was a wonderful idea ! my score : your type is estpextravertedsensingthinkingperceiving strength of the preferences % 10038753 3 you are : very expressed extravert moderately ... well , i definitely used to be interested in it when i was younger , but i'm not sure if it was because of my personality or because my grandmother was truly an expert in this kind of medicine and she ... a good friend of mine , an intj , is definitely one of the most laid-back people i've ever met . it's one of the reasons i like him so much . he's just ... genuine . he doesn't need to prove anything to ... i think your typing is correct . he could also be an enfp , if i were you i'd read the descriptions of those types carefully and decide which one fits your friend better , cause i think it's the most ... this is a great thread . i'm totally into both , it's really hard to tell which one i like and appreciate best and which one i'm better at . i agree with arclight : science is an art and art is a ... norway sounds really interesting to me ;) welcome and have fun ! hi everybody , a long time lurker here . my name is aleksandra , i'm from poland and i'm 18 . i've already taken plenty of personality tests , most of them claim i'm type 4 , infj , sx / so . i totally agree ... '