' graveyard shift alone . tried to draw ... i don't quite know what i want . i choose to let things happen if they tend to move to a direction that seems alright . if that makes any sense . propably not . i feel if things around me happen for a ... when people freak out how you knew something without them saying a word about it . 409938 looking so happy and energetic ! i guess i'm pretty good at being me . at least i've never seen anyone coming even close to such achievement . maybe there's another me in some other dimension but i've already taken that into ...  i made a very very short song . it reminds me a little bit of twin peaks theme . i haven't been very productive in a long time , so accomplishing even this gave me ... i work in a children daycare centre and my colleagues ( all women ) have told me that i'd be a great dad and i've been pressured a few times why i don't have a girlfriend . i'm just too unsure about ... a huge room crowded with people . i'm amongst them , but yet i feel like i'm not there at all . i play along and seem interested but i'm not really there . holding my tears , i could explode any second , ... 246418 - a sculptor said : you have very masculine nose . - when this one girl without a father told me i love you . i had no idea i meant that much to her . 218890 ? 211986 let the floors hit the doors . dooors ! hooorse me neither , i just collect them . it's so much fun ! anyone ? i'd appreciate some soup recipes . i'm here for the soup recipes . ooh i'm in heaven . it's too dark , cause i'm not blind like a feather . boom boom , zitty , zorro-bean in a folder . tango , five , a moment please . when in danger , you should always not trust the one in the high house . it's too obvious . many seahorses have been lost to it already . save the seahorses ! 210178 when you rescue a frog from the claws of a magpie . this fellow was screaming so hard for help , i mean who would've left it to die there . ...  a couple more . - i was in a meeting for some high ranked gentlemen . i thought , screw this , i'm out . i went exploring the house and soon i found myself in a tower with spiral staircase . inside ... - i was roller skating on a muddy road in the woods . i was also naked . :D - i was stealing apples with tony hawk . we gathered some apples and went to a close by bridge . we threw the apples to ... early 90 ' s 19875419876 2 home , work , photographing / geocaching / walking with my dog in the woods . somewhere peaceful . ... thanks ! glad you liked it :) i'm trying new things and trying to impove as a photographer . took that one with canon 700d + soviet era helios 44m + macro rings . photo is untouched .  click for full images yay ! i don't have to go to jail ! woohoo ! my crime was that i didn't want to do any slave work or join the army . those are the options for all the men after they turn 18 here in finland . you ... well it feels like being an old black ' n white movie trying to survive in the times of digital effects . i only lie when telling the truth would make people worry about me unnecessarily . for example when a child asked me who is my best friend , i made up a name since i don't have one . i liked climbing trees and helping my dad at work when he took me there once in a while . i didn't enjoy school too much since i felt so different , but i did manage to keep some friends through it . ... i'm lost in the place between space and time . somehow i manage to survive . if i don't know them , i just test how they react to my eye contact . it tells a lot of their personality , and perhaps vice versa if only they can read me . even if i know the person , it might not be ... you write in such a way you should be a writer you'd be a great dad ! you are so kind and from kids : you are so funny / silly and propably the biggest compliment i've ever gotten . i ... 31/36 . had to google some of the descriptive words . your score : 21 % you are warm and empathic with a heightened awareness of social responsibility and a strong sense of conscience . you like to carefully weigh up the pros and cons of a ... i'd just like to go back to my work . i mean , i love to have a break from work , but on the other hand .. work is what keeps me happy . it's a paradox , like the rest of my life . i could live without ... 8944089441 yay flowers ! i get this feeling sometimes . it is very strange . i'm just floating in the non existance but i know i have these moving people and things around me so i guess i have to play along . i feel that i'm ... testing out old helios 44m lens with macro rings . 88700 well , i tried . taking photos of myself isn't easy . 8709587097 87098 some stuff . i don't know why , but i seem to enjoy taking photos of water . when receiving compliments about things regarding my personality , part of me thinks : wow does she really think so ? nice . , and part of me will be like yeah .. she doesn't really know me that well to ... '