' the only 2 men i liked in life ( in terms of personality ) are both istps . one is a fictional character tho xd a man of that kind i feel weak in my knees and dizzy . so here's my input : long ... compliment taken : blushed : ! ! ! you don't say . this thread was a tease and resurrected after over two years ? :P when not to become artist ? 1 . if you're a writer . xd 2 . visual art ... if your niche is not sought-after by industry . high skill and creativity are must-have . in any case you'll need postpone it ... all so wonderfully put and insightful . snape reminds me of darcia ( allegedly intj ) from wolf's rain . lady hamona - wolf's rain wiki very interesting ! but i still think he's an intj with a strong ' idealistic ' fi and that would settle the matter , accounting for his fantasies and holding on to lilly for so long and seeing harry ... leoni has gotten the point of my posts - the mystery is why haven't you . better yet if she has her barriers up in relation to the suicidal / homicidal individuals in her life . what if i tell you many infps are often / always in the blissful light-headed state without any drugs ? . posted in wrong thread scatter-brain moment mod or admin , please delete most people i know think i'm a t , but i'm an fi . it had me deluded into thinking i'm intp / intj . f-ness is obviously not a guarantee of ' stereotypical ' female behavior . nor is t of cold ... hehe , i was serious , but didn't i manage to cheer you up ; not even a bit ? ! :d ry : ot : i've had few ' serious ' suitors : 2 were sexual maniacs , 1 was suicidal depressed lazy * ss , 1 was the very ... where did you read he's an infp ? everyone i know agrees he's intj including most of the mbti-related ' classify ' forum discussions . his personality is amazing . i find that not your being a sexual being , but something as spiritual and deep as love being sex-based and sex-restricted ... very sad . not a judgement , just sadness ... that you cannot love mother of ... i'm an fi definitely . i am well aware that we all are mortal , ridiculously , shamefully fragile and that we will die some day . so there's no omg-this-is-impossible-can't-believe phase with me , as ... get a degree in psychology and start making money with your talents . it's as insane as constantly imposing it on communities that don't want to have any of it . so basically you repeat it again and again to people until you train them and get them to say what ... nope . america . why would you care so much about a land you were born in , among people of whom majority don't share your ideals / worldviews and don't want you around and when facing a better ... as expected you didn't answer my question . am i to assume you're just an animal whose ' love ' is sex-based and sex-restricted or a mere side-effect of sexual drive ? ( and later be accused of ' lacking ... you know of financially / emotionally stable blah , blah women , i know of ( i've read of and seen reports ) hundreds . i guess you don't care for people much if you aren't acquainted to them or have no ... it just amused me how i'm supposed to agree to everything just because it has been written on a piece of paper . so you'd follow whatever written or are you threatening me for not obeying / conforming ... whatever the facts are , alone they are quite useless impotent ( and meaningless as you state later in your post ) everything past a raw fact is a bit subjective and about attitude . i live in a ... and i'm the worst person just because ... i do not fit into your criteria , your check-list . because i don't dance to your tune . because you don't ' like ' my views , the same way you may dislike a ... and i'm the worst person just because ... i do not fit into your criteria , your check-list . because i don't dance to your tune . because you don't ' like ' my views , the same way you may dislike a ... uhhh i dunno , maybe they should be allowed to adopt children because they're are millions of kids in the world being raised in orphanages and bumped around foster homes ? lots of homosexuals go the ... were the question : ' do you disapprove of gay marriage ? ' when the question has been asked precisely , i will answer it precisely . i do not fear gays , but disapprove of having gay marriage in my ... now no one is entitled to their opinion if they haven't studied philosophy , all that unless they support gay marriage vigorously . seriously ? you should be able to make distinction between ... what is a ' bad ' argument ? one that doesn't fit into your world-view ? in this case they're not mutually present in all cases , not even half i'd say . not every disagreement and aversion is fear ... fear and aversion are not synonyms . word phobia is made up for the purpose of political manipulation ; labeling opponents in any case , but in this case opponents of gay marriage as fearful people who ... what does homophobic exactly mean ? phobia is a fear ( irrational fear ) . i know a bunch of people who disapprove of gay marriage , but not a single one that fears gays . i think this term is incorrect ... i see there is no common thread for all mbti types , just separate ' what makes xxx laugh ' , so i'm starting this one as a place to laugh / chuckle and compare what different mbti types consider ... there is no much difference between introverts and extroverts online , as we introverts come here when we feel like talking and we talk just as anyone would and then leave . this is far more likely to ... no , there is not , not really . consequences for the victim are the same after all . i understand people ( in general , ofc ) in africa have it very hard but they don't seem to bother to know or do ... i've read of many cases when hiv infected males rape in order to infect others or infected people who donate blood ( thinking it will pass undetected ) . haha that's the way it's in my head until i bother to bake it into words and just sometimes it fails . claiming she's not pretty to oneself ( appealing according to one's taste ) = ok vs . claiming ... i followed what op and the headline stated : ' ugly ' as lack of aesthetic appeal . i think that ugly can't be attractive . certainly everyone agrees that there are tastes when it comes to preferences in ... because most people are social animals and they can hardly fathom why sb is not . introverts seem as shady people who have some dark secrets to hide like the bodies in their basement and in their ... infp - agnostic and kinda objectivist . always have been despite being raised in a very religious ( and decadent ) environment . aye . ungrateful arrogant pots calling kettles black . i am fairly sure a lot of baggage one can get rid of with a bit of support . haha , reminded me of some people who despise the broken , but expect others to pamper them when they are broken . people who demand that others feel , but only when and as much as they please . people ... many people give off that impression , but i didn't try to say that . not all the time , but reassurance once in a while . duh ... i think that beauty isn't that subjective , claiming that megan fox is ... they need reassurance . one of the reasons being that beautiful people are often told they are ugly by the jealous people , so they lose sense of value and confidence . beauty is in the eye of ... similar situation here , very similar . nevermind not living up to social expectations and social clock , do yo even feel like being in a relationship atm ? i don't . i don't mind living the ... i am speechless : shocked : that beautiful face , strong jaw and hair : shocked : yes , but obviously only when he's in his raptor form . humans are no good . : laughing : i guess we could add that as one-line review for the book : ' this story is an eye-opener that changes ... haha ! happened to me too . + they demanded that i apologize for raising voice after they've yelled at me for over a minute . i'm definitely fi and i'm definitely taken aback by yelling . i think it's ... amazon.com : advanced search : books i picked out a few outstanding - for me the most outstanding - books from her most generous collection : ... as long as it's quotable , it will be quoted . it's not messed up ; you still hopelessly don't understand that line of reasoning . it's quite simple imo , but never mind that :] good to be cautious with this 1 as infp's si can account for this . when somebody doesn't allow you to live in accordance with your ideals and principles ; by threatening your ideals threatens your intent to make them real ? i never use that expression irl , so there are no slaps in their face . humans are really overly sensitive . but thanks for the notice , i'll keep it in mind . here comes my whining : i've spent ... and i was just waiting for sb to appear with a comment like this . it took you longer than usual . shallowness is in the eye of beholder . if you see beauty as something shallow and unimportant , it ... '