' i'm a lot more than 18 , and my sex drive is still way out of control . never mind the beach , the women lap swimming in their one pieces are more than i can take . if i don't jump in the cold water ... classic entp , ate fast , challenged authority , depressed all the time , moody , outstanding at creating a vision for others to follow gates is an intj all the way , as is dick cheney the p stands for persistent . once an entp gets a great idea , we'll pursue like it no one else because we have superior ability to envision what something will look like when completed . this is ... there's a tendency to around here to confuse empathy with extraversion i've got a lot of the entp we're talking about what i want , because i just feel like verbally masturbating thing going , but i ... this is precisely how i got into christianity . i don't believe in a defensive , angry god who points a finger at nonbelievers like a 3rd world dictator . that sort of god is only necessary for sheep ... estps just sell the things we invent . light bulb , graphic interface , relational database - all invented by entps . if it weren't for us , you'd be having this conversation with yourself on a stone ... mostly comedies ... or anything with melissa joan hart wow , entps coming out as libertarian athiests , about as shocking as an enfp dressing up as rageddy ann for halloween there is no logical argument to make about god , but if you study how the ... pinkrasputin , good point . now , you are one of the more insightful posters here , but i hate to say your cartoon butt and candy cane socks are no match for vivacissimamente's infectious smile . midge ure , ultravox would agree with this , good explanation always thought n / s divide had more to do with perception of time than the bullshit we normally hear of being practical or theoretical when an esfp tells you a story , you often up laughing , when an enfp tells you a story , they often end up laughing an esfp is often at the gym after work , an enfp is often asleep after work an ... it's also damn hard to get drafted by a major league baseball team , yet because you did doesn't mean you're worth hiring also , never had a client tell me they need people to indicate that they're ... a little older than many of you , and been involved with many hiring decisions . do not put your mbti on your resume , here's why : 1 . i've interviewed hundreds of people , and most of the time , ... what a load of horseshit , just some drug co . and their dealers trying to sell some pills i'll make a separate site saying you should smoke pot immediate if you have an attention surplus i never worked with any models . i've just had clients ask for specific pieces of information on their competitors , and called some of business contacts to get it . just about everything i've ... 100 % red-blooded american , not from england , but spent a lot of time in wankerland , and came back saying bloody hell , or bluuddy ew and laughing everytime someone in america said fanny also ... entps are the best , by far , at competitive analysis , which often leads to competitive intelligence work . i don't think there's anything unethical in finding out what some company is charging for a ... i've got a bad temper , but it's mellowed out a little with age . a lot of people who know mbti think i'm an entj , and i have that intolerance for stupidity trait many entjs have . one trait i've found i don't share with some entps is that i'm insanely good with maps and directions . i can arrive in a new city , and figure my way around as soon as i leave the airport . also have ... always heard it was supposed to be xnfj , but i married an enfp , and many couples i know are one letter apart zappa was a textbook entp but george will is a classic intp this is why i hang out with esfps i like to argue , but i don't like that i like to argue . instead of a douchebaggy debate about something stupid , why not use our entpness to do something ... i'm 127 words into a very unfinished blog post , and i'm hanging out here rather than trying to finish it now . started 3 businesses , and seen other entps be very successful starting their own but i've learned that the best ideas start with observation , not inspiration , even for entps what i mean by ... well said i work with an istj who is great at doing things in pieces and stages , and can't believe how i can get whole projects done in one sitting i actually looked into actuarial careers when i was in senior in college . went to an info session sponsored by my school , and it was an intx paradise . felt like i had walked into a star trek ... yes , please stick around , getting aggressive on message boards is an entp specialty , we're a lot nicer than we seem - we just get restless when we realize the world hasn't heard all of our opinions ... from my parenting , i can tell you 5 year olds often do . i coach youth sports , and i can tell what half the kids 4 letters are within 30 minutes . there are differences within types , not all ... mostly 80s and early 90s - i like everything from the fun , stereotypically esxp van halen stuff to moody british bands like the smiths and depeche mode as i've gotten older , come to appreciate ... well you need to get over it , and take pride in her , regardless of whatever trendy diagnosis-du-jour is coming out of contemporary shrinks would you rather be embarrassed in front of a random ... was out recently with a group of friends , most of whom were estjs and esfps , and realized how few intuitives i hang out with . i'm married to an enfp , have a couple intp friends i see during the ... i'm married to an enfp . it's a good pairing , except when we debate who's going to clean up the mountain of dishes in the sink . also , i've never figured out how to get an enfp to stfu , they're ... never really got this entps are extraverted introverts idea i hang out with a lot of esfps , and they're better at small talk than i am , but i get along well with them because they like to go out ... g . k . chesterton read about him you're academic experience sounds remarkably similar to mine . b-b plus avg by getting lots of as and cs i once got the highest grade in the class for a stats exam and was nursing a hangover when i ... not a bad career for an entp , but often missed by career advisors who don't understand these distinctions try managerial or cost accounting . when i was in school , all the sjs who aced tax accounting struggled with managerial / cost accounting , and i struggled with tax accounting but aced cost accounting ... we're up there , but when i used to ace standardized tests , the only people who scored higher than i did were intps . they are probably the most intelligent . in my experience , estps are the least likely of the e--ps to have add / adhd , far more prevalent and noticeable with enps , and even many esfps , who usually aren't that hyper , but can struggle to focus ... i know this entp chick who's an excellent litigator . tax law , wills and estates though are probably going to drive an entp crazy , so depends on which kind of law you practice . i often feel like i've got to slow my brain down to make conversation with co-workers and friends in certain settings . i can feel myself applying a mental brake with people who don't have many ... what kind of s ? i get along very well with esfps - they're outgoing , fun , and often have a similar sense of humor , but to your point about being a bookwarm , i don't share what i've been reading or ... thinking woman with feeling man usually means the chick's wearing the pants , especially when the dude's an introverted feeler . oversimplified what i said , and if you're going to make some lame , substance-free point that any type can do anything then there's no point to mbti - certain types are better suited to certain ... are you good at math ? in my experience , entps who are good at math can at times across as entjs , but we're still ps which of the following would you rather be ? entp-wants to create a ... my short-term memory is horrible . today being monday , i got the what did you do this weekend ? and barely recalled what i did until i thought about it after being asked . my estp son notices ... i know a lot of estps , and they typically do best where there's lots of pay or lots of recognition , they rarely commit themselves to fighting for some political cause or social action i've found ... when you guys stop crying and talking incessantly , you can actually be a lot of fun '