' i ended up going on a 6 month lsd spree , dropping acid every other week on average with my good friend , an infp . i noticed some differences between us that i've always wondered if they could be ... i'm continuing my duty as ' s personal photographer , allowed only because i respect that like many infps , she prefers to be pictured obscured by distance , angle or objects . this ... i went outside tonight to lug my laundry to the laundromat . i tried to take a picture of what i believe is the same moon you saw . i was not able to do it justice , but i tried . ... i've become sittapygmaea ' s personal photographer . this was a hike in the rain , it does not picture how sloshy our socks were . programming is basically taking up a career in pedantry . to succeed you have to be either a pedant or a masochist . i'm a masochist . yeah , as mentioned before in this thread is that one of the key attributes of being a nice guy is being taken advantage of , usually on unmet promises of future love / sex / whatever . in my experience ... or maaybe , perhaps it's because they're horndogs and are projecting onto other people ? * hint * * * * mercedene you look like a lot of fun . :D * * * here's a pic of me that the lovely sittapygmaea ... yeah . i actually don't mind people who have different interests with me . but these are the ones who just never understand that some people just don't give a fuck about sports . it's beyond their ... some new dude has been floating around the office , he's just an easter egg filled with awkwardness . you know how there's always this one person who'll just talk your ear off about the most inane and ... the hardest i've ever laughed was when i was on psychedelics and out camping . my friend and i were pulling our stocking caps over our faces , various facial features discernible under the fabric , and ... there's really no way to take this seriously , since it's not 1956 . so , thank you ! she's a person , not a car . did you say you were 23 , or 63 ? you really do have some antiquated ideas . as ... i'm the ' other man ' . i wasn't sure if i should jump into this discussion , being that it might exacerbate this confrontation you ... i also find that enfps tend to not huddle up in enfp clans , they like to circulate among others . or , as a viable alternative , you could entertain yourself with a nice hobby . ever think about trying your hand at bonsai ? i just have to respond , even at the risk of looking like a creepy lurker , which i am absolutely . when you were reminded of sittapygmaea by a radio host , you made my day , attic . just the day before i ... all these descriptors are really external descriptions given by other people . i've known a few enfps , we are all enthusiastic , engaging and very often friendly . but we are also moody , shy , and ... thanks so much for the song . i am actually thinking about buying some beach house on vinyl . my collection is very short on contemporary and this particular band has gained my ... yippy i <3 stephen fry and i can watch david mitchell rant forever . sittapygmaea you do know i love myself an irish ballad . thank you . ( the second song reminded me vaguely of kate bush ) mimesis i'm going to have to track that piece down for my collection ! dedicating this to the enigmatic mimesis and the lovely sittapygmaea , from my room . i don't know man , i stand by my baseless assertion . does this look familiar ? serpico . i'm pretty sure all the hipster looks came from al pacino in serpico . the weekend was a boutique dark chocolate bar ; bitter and sweet with maybe some lime-chili sugar thrown in to move it from contrast to confusing . i officially said goodbye to my closest friend who's ... i don't think i've ever learned by doing any thing . i've had to do two things to get anything into my head . it's not actually the aesthetics directly , it is the values they transmit . i actually have a difficult time putting it into words . i think this article explains some aspects of it nicely : the ... no , but i think it's perfectly reasonable , and predictable that i am disinterested in it . sittapygmaea , good morning prof ! i watched my assignments wild and walk in a park by beach house , although i admit i tried to track down the books first so i wouldn't have to slog through all the ... i'm not sure why i associated you with l . a . , maybe i just heard so cal and thought it . yes , i'm from sf , but i admit to nothing else . nothing . haha , i wasn't actually hitting on you . i just actually remember you ( or misremember you ? ) live in a place where a vincent d'onofrio sighting isn't a terribly unusual thing . i was enjoying the ... let's say i was , and know that it wouldn't have made a difference either way . it was incredibly validating to find someone who shares my off-the-wall preferences , it made me feel not near as alone . but i'm glad they didn't share all of them , then i'd feel like some sort of ... i had to look him up , but i see it . i have a hunch that you have a habit of looking for stars . ;) nah , intuition doesn't really do anything like that . plenty of intuitives would rather passively think about things than actually do something . you just decided to take action , which honestly is a ... hey , you did this because of your feeling . n / s has nothing to do with it . fyi , some of the most caring , creative ( and smart ) people i've met are xsfps . i don't know if i'm making a big deal about it , but finally ponying up $ 50 a month for adobe creative cloud seems like a personal milestone . it's like i'm committing to creation . aww shucks , i only want to make the world a better place . not only would i cut out some air holes , i'd put in a periscope , plenty of fresh straw , and a comic book . as far as the imprecise count , you ... send me your address and i'll crate and ship sittapygmaea to you . 3 enfps 6 or more infps 1 isfp ( all self reported ) i went to a full moon infp meetup in my neck of the woods . there were three of us enfps there , one of them claimed we're rare , i think we're just mobile . the first pic features me in a green coat ... thanks for this reply . i also was going to respond to and nation about the misunderstandings about buddhism here ... i'm not necessarily an advocate of ... i'm not an infp , but i've decided to make myself an honorary one because the enfp sub-forum weirds me out , mostly by how unrelatable it is ... and i'm happy because my continuing work at commitments ... for myself , i just spend time on forums , read people's posts on various sub forums and see what i vibe with . although that's a very enfp way to approach things , which is what i happen to be ... goodnight perc'ers , mimesis , sittapygmaea , and all you all that i am spying and have yet to name . and most of all , goodnight to me , whippit , may this cinematic masterpiece guide your dreams . ... isfp , obvs . probably 4w3 . sittapygmaea that's amazing , the contrast of ladybugs against the moss is stunning . i can only imagine they're having a regional conference before they head out into home gardens . that's a total entp troll , that would drive a typical intj crazy . my camera didn't capture it , but the mushrooms themselves are a pale lilac color to fulfill a friend's birthday request . i was tempted to make toadstools . go on , make the cake , eat it all .  ... sittapygmaea nice pics . i like the one where your face is a bunch of eyeballs . i thought the infps might want to see the fairy mushroom cake i made ... ... sittapygmaea , you have my permission to speak as my sock puppet until such a time comes where i may answer . please respond to yippy ' s question as to why i think that band and song is soo awful in ... sittapygmaea , you have my permission to speak as my sock puppet until such a time comes where i may answer . please responds to yippy ' s question as to why i think that band and song is soo awful in ... the dude is clearly entp . '