' it sounds like you're stuck in something known as a feedback loop . feedback loops are the rituals relational systems engage in order to maintain the status quo of the system . every relational system ... i signed up to be a complete organ donor the moment i got my license . i won't be using this body after death , so it might as well go onto to hopefully save someone else's life . my brother mentioned ... i don't so much outright lie as i do something known as spin . i work in marketing , which is where the term originates , being good at spin is basically what gets you paid ( which is unfortunate ) ... do you like science fiction ? yes . if it's good , and i'm picky about what is good . why / why not ? it often feels prophetic . my favorite is post-apocalyptic because it takes problems we see today ... i think i skipped over developing my ti and went straight for developing my se , haha . or maybe i'm just more aware of the se development because it's an extroverted function . in any case , i'm one of ... i'm not so sure i have favorite foods . i truly belive that anything can be delicious when prepared well , so i don't consistently choose anything and dip just into whatever the server , chef , or ... my username and avatar are connected . i have an ancient persian name which translates to watcher of the stars , ( which sounds pretty epic in and of itself , but having a unique name in modern-day ... well , isn't this just the loveliest thread ? i'm not a huge fan of cooking , and i believe this might be due to inferior se . i just terrible at paying enough attention to my environment to not burn , ... i have a tough time with criticism unless it's handed to me gently and with the utmost consideration . for example , if i friend were to come to me and tell me something i did hurt them , i would ... zosio 913 , as you said , it sounds like you're going through a ni-ti loop of multiple perspectives being analyzed to the point of destruction . the problem with ni-ti loops is that they're separated ... zosio 913 , i just want you to know i really value your input on this forum . i always look forward to your insights and responses , and have benefited from your thoughts numerous times . thank you so ... i've decided to purposefully cheat and list three . three is a pleasing number to the eye and the mind anyway . man's search for meaning by viktor frankl written by a jewish psychologist held ... aw , thanks ! :D much happiness is going down next weekend . thanks to you , too , nomadleviathan ! and thanks for the good news about the judging situation ! here're my qualifications : – ba in ... shoot 4thestars , how long would the judges have to consider the submissions and give their opinions ? i'd love to judge , but i'll be on my honeymoon november 8th through november 15th . what you're describing isn't a ni-ti loop , but it certainly does sound like situational depression , love . i would say you might want to look into seeing a counselor and talking to some close friends ... due to the fact i'm extremely emotionally reactive , i smile quite a bit . it puts people at ease , creates for friendly spaces , and generally makes for smoother , happier interactions . when i have ni-ti ... i don't think i was even aware of how often i tested others until recently . i noticed i tend to ask a line of questions which seem innocuous , but eventually they end up revealing the information what ... i own a navy 2005 toyota corolla s , which i adore . it gets great gas mileage , and in the five and a half years i've owned it , it hasn't had a single mechanical problem . it's a little touchy on the ... i'm presently the head content writer and social media marketer for a coffee equipment company . it allows me to just sit and think without the interaction of others . while i find i'm quite suited for ... hardly ever . like , i can maybe remember three of the dreams i've ever had at the moment . recently , i dreamt something beautiful and symbolic , and i remember thinking in the haze of surfacing awake ... when i was young , i was quite emotionally volatile , so , no they definitely weren't hidden . some of this was probably due to the fact that bipolar , depression , and alcoholism runs in my family , and i ... indeed . while i find that i can usually separate myself from people enough , this ( the sentences above ) is where the fluidity of the infj lies . vivid melody shows why we constantly change below : ... i tend to dabble in science though i certainly don't have the sort of methodology to be able to do well in it . science holds ... put out . that's certainly a crude way to put it . right , so this is where i own up : i'm in my mid-twenties and i'm a virgin . this is completely my own choice . so , do i like sex ? my assumption ... language is fascinating to me in that it is paradoxical . it is somehow both infinite and finite at the same time . we cannot just regurgitate things we've heard from other people , we have to form our ... haha ! i have a habit of picking at my chin , and my fiance constantly bats my hands away from my face . he doesn't even have to be looking at me anymore , he just knows when i'm doing it . ... i how generally react to stress : everything is chaos , including my own brain , so i will control the only thing i can . queue obsessive scrubbing . i also clean when i'm angry . that's when ... after i read your initial post , i had to let is simmer for a while . i remember once describing my own perfectionism as dermatillomania of the soul , and like any physical disease , it will erode you ... some of the answers you may be looking for might be on this recent thread . * facepalm * ignore me . i'm so sorry for your hurt . it must ave been shaping to experience that as a child , but don't let that si get the better of you , darling . you cannot expect a middle schooler to be fully developed , ... indeed . don't get me wrong , though , the presence of fe makes the infj incredibly dramatic , dynamic , and emotional . lord knows i've raised many a hoopla over things , and the decriptor i get most often ... i know most of us type using the jungian cognitive functions , but i found this incredibly interesting article about the history of myers-briggs and couldn't resist sharing . would love to hear ... i have lived in paris , and it is gross . humid and gross . definitely not my ideal . i'm with most of the other commenters here : it's northern europe for me . everything just seems neater , calmer , and ... every time i read this article i feel as though i've been outed on all of my dark secrets . the comments below are unbalanced toward the dark side of things , so i pray you take it with a grain of ... absolutely , i tend to be quite articulate with my sense of style . i carefully curate my physical possessions constantly , and if it is not substantially useful or beautiful , it must go . i prefer ... here are some good articles which take a look at what fe looks like in action . charity , the author and mod , is an isfj , so her function descriptions are more practical and therefore easier to ... indeed . i occasionally see myself using fi , but i never use it well . it's usually because i'm under an excessive amount of stress , and then become incurvatus in se ( a curviture inwards to one's self , ... the last installment of my memoir will be called , inferior se : proof that i was meant to be just a brain . my dad saw me run into a wall for no reason yesterday , my best friend is constantly ... i'd say there's also the enneagram to consider ; for example , a 6w5 infj will look totally different from a 4w5 infj . at least for me , the enneagram has helped piece together some of the disparities ... se is actually more inclined to recognize how things are , meaning it's quick to recognize how shy a person is and then calculate whether or not it's worth it . with this in mind , if i sense someone is ... it feels like my entire brain lights up . i understand , isn't something i hear often when expressing my intuition , and when i do , it feels like a cup of cold water . i can just speak without ... the answer is yes . i hold the future and my hopes for it in high regard . if it is within my power , i will plan out as much as i can before the fact , and have a severe distaste for open doors . i am ... - - my computer did something weird and reposted the comment above . i've removed it . sorry , guys . :( i confess , i can be on the angry side of things . more indignant than angry though , it's usually a justice fueled vigilantism . my intp has to remind me not to , buy all the hot dogs . ... i've worked retail in the past , and currently work in marketing , so i've made a livelihood out of selling things . i have to confess , it's not my favorite , and i'm presently working toward a career ... here , here . i find i have to block out all light and sound before i go to sleep or else the whole going-to-bed endeavor is useless , but once sleep is achieved , i'm dead to the world until morning ... '