' oh , you have to also consider all the other planets and not just your sun sign . like , you could have your sun in libra , but the other planets might not be in libra . plus , your exact time of birth ... i'm so envious ! i'm going there at the end of the year ... to see the northern lights :D haha yes , which is probably a good thing since i'm so disorganised and all . we actually had a conference and presented our research on the countries that we were allocated o . o yes , i agree with ... yeah , the people i'm going with are all j's haha . so they are pretty pedantic about planning this trip . that's why we decided to do our own planning and not go with a tour . but it's so much work ! i'm going towards the end of the year . we are planning everything by ourselves , which is proving to be quite frustrating . if you want to do it cheaply , there are tours that you can take like ... wow thanks . that makes perfect sense ! as an fi user i can understand this and should be able to see where this is coming from . in the past i would've ignored this completely because the feelings ... thanks for the advice . i guess it's up to me to resolve this issue since it doesn't seem he's keen to do anything about it . ahh i can see what you mean . both enfps and infps have a tendency to idealise the person . however , with this guy , we knew each other reasonably well even in the short time we were friends and we both ... thanks . yeah , i think that's exactly what happened . he told my friend that he felt that i didn't seem to reciprocate . why didn't you just ask her out sooner ? did you need to be certain that she ... thanks for the explanation . i'll take this as advice regardless . i believed that it was worth it , but he didn't know i did . i think he was scared and i tried to indicate that i was scared too , though ... thank you for this advice . i now know how dangerous it is . he was very flirty and his words seemed so sincere . saying how special i am to him , that he could see us together in the future until we ... true . perhaps the problem was that he didn't like me enough ? hi enfps ! some questions so i can understand this situation . i had an enfp guy become interested in me and we were doing this dance for a few months . apparently he couldn't tell if i liked him or ... sleeping at last - birdcage religion so slowly i'm losing who i've sworn to be a promise in pencil that years have made so hard to read . i ’ ve spent my life building walls brick by brick and ... hi , could i get my name changed to snaeha please ? thanks in advance ! thanks for the advice . i've resolved to tell him how i feel . hopefully it will go well . and hopefully i don't chicken out ! just wanted to thank everyone for their very insightful replies :) yeah , i think he is confused about my actions . perhaps i do appear hot and cold sometimes , though i've been pretty ... lol wait ... is this advice for me ? i'm female . and yes , we are very mature over 20 year olds . let's just say he didn't tell me that he was ready . i asked if he was over his ex and he gave a vague answer , no definite yes , more like a confusing answer that to me reads no . though , as an infp ... thanks for the responses guys . i think straight forward is the way to go but how about if we added another factor . say the girl thought the guy wasn't over his ex . though he says that he's ready to ... this question is mostly directed to enfp males , but some insight from enfp females would be appreciated too . say there was a girl you were interested in and you were unsure of how she felt about ... the funny thing is , even though he's attached now he still treats me the same way . i'm not sure if this is a diversion for other people or he's just a jerk . no worries , i like learning about ... thanks for the insight into intps guys . i'm still unsure if he is one . though if anyone is following and wanted to know the outcome to this whole thing . the mutual friend was interested in him for ... haha . i thought you guys didn't place a significance on looks . thought it was more a mind connection ? hahaha i could never do this ! and i think i can imagine his reaction D: thanks for the replies guys but i think my feelings for him have near gone away . i just realised this when i felt that maybe ... interesting . i guess it's true , about the comfort thing . we might probably just be best staying friends . i'm happy with that . the enfp i was talking about earlier . they don't really get along ... yeah i know he tells me stuff when he's ready . i try not to pry , but sometimes i just get the feeling that he wants me to ask ... i was talking about a mutual male friend to him . he commented that that friend and i were talking to each other quite a lot . then i asked him if he thought that friend and i were similar . he then ... i don't really understand what you're trying to say ? :/ i have tried to understand him . my attempts have been rejected . i've told him that i care about him and he seems to open up a bit more . i ... is it possible that a long term relationship could've softened him a bit ? he won't confirm his type and likes that he's hard to read . manipulative no ? thanks so much . this was very helpful ! =) ok i'm confused . i think he flirts with us equally to the same degree with all three of us together . probably with her more since she's quite extroverted . bring in some other people , he flirts with ... thank you for the insight ! re the bolded , yes that is so true ! i hate that little bit of hope that eats at me . thanks for answering ! i think i act in the same manner . for some reason i do ... thanks , i'll take note of that ! everything helps :) yeah , that makes sense . which means , you've never furthered a relationship into something serious with someone who was initially a close friend ? do intps prefer being friends first before getting ... i think isfps are more guarded than infps . i've known my isfp friend ( i think she's an isfp ) for nearly 2 years now and i still don't feel like we're close . however , it could be because i'm not ... i'm curious , why is that ? i think he could be a very introverted entp . i know he says things to gauge my reaction . he also asks me questions that he already knows the answer to . he says he ... interesting ... that makes a lot of sense actually . yeah , i'm formulating a scenario in my head to try to figure this out . i will ask him when i have the chance . thank you . i think this is exactly what i needed someone to say to me . there are better guys out there definitely . would there be a reason for telling me that he liked her ? i would think ... thanks . i hate games . i think the best thing for me is to set some boundaries or something :/ thanks for the replies guys . appreciated ! thinking about this more , he flirts less when we are alone together . flirts more if there are other people around . when we are alone he's more serious , ... yeah sure . no , he is flirty even when she's not around . before , he was a bit flirty with her too , but for some reason i haven't seen him interact with her in that way for a while . i was a bit ... firstly , my friend is probably low on the i , or so he says . so he may be borderline entp if that makes a difference . a few weeks ago he told me ( very unexpectedly ) that he was interested in our ... thanks , i'll take a look ! hmm why do you say that ? is it because i said he was very adventurous in the physical sense ? that's what lead me to believe that he may be an istp or estp . but he's ... not sure about the explaining thing , all i know is that he's good at explaining things than i am , or more that i understand what he's trying to explain ! but yes , he does try to finish other people's ... hehe yeah i figured you meant that . so there aren't many artistic entps then ? my friend seems to place some importance on the meaning behind the art , but then again would see a piece of art and ... not even auditory art , i . e music ? thanks everyone , appreciate it =) i was considering enfj for a while though he doesn't seem like he has very high f , he definitely makes decisions in a logical ... hi all , i'm having trouble figuring out my friend's type . apparently he's entp ( i made him take the test ) though before he did the test i would never have thought he was entp . i was thinking more ... obernewtyn chronicles right ? i think i'm a romantic . but then i see all the mushy and affectionate displays that people engage in in real life and it irks me = . i think i just have different ... there's an aussie show called find my family that has the same concept ! it never failed to make me cry = _ = also shows like wife swap ( which was on a few years back ) . isn't there another reality show ... '