' someone may have already stated this , but as there are five or six different tests used to measure iq , and not all use the same standard of deviation . so , even if we were to make the assumption ... in douglas adams ' hitchhiker's guide to the galaxy , the answer to that question , as most people know , is 42 . countless people have spent countless hours trying to figure out what adams meant by ... i agree . as i wrote in the second paragraph ... [ color = #333 ] the first paragraph was in reference to a previous post in which someone claimed to be arrogant . that claim was what initially ... you cannot apply a uniform set of characteristics to each individual within a type . in other words , just because entps share the same type does not mean they share the exact same qualities . while we ... do you disbelieve everything you don't completely understand ? or is it that you completely believe in everything as you understand it ? in other words , neither an argument from ignorance nor the ... exactly . that was my point . apologies if i wasn't clear . it was meant to illustrate that you can't necessarily judge whether or not an individual has a predilection for extraversion or introversion ... don't most people believe that some version of doomsday will eventually occur , be it by natural catastrophe ( asteroid ) , self-annhilation ( nuclear war ) , or the wrath of a supreme being ( as told in ... or maybe i should take a class on butchering meat ? for , you know , livestock . or something . should i maybe look into buying a large capacity barrel barbecue ? let's say , oh i don't know , one big enough to fit a human body in . what exactly leads you to believe that entps prepare for anything ? i can't think of a single instance in which i spent more than an hour in preparation for something . this a thousandfold . i swear , it's as if they think their emotion-based subjectivity is objective truth . enfps can truly be the worst . the reason why is , because there is no reason . i have a friend that splits time between mendocino , ca , and big sur , ca ( where i live ) that will occasionally give out acid to his closer friends . all this requires is obtaining some sugar cubes ... i am an unequivocally and entp and this happens to me with some frequency . maybe this is more due to my occasional misanthropy . people can be so insufferably rude , illogical , and dull and my ... i'm sure most of you already know that the two share the same functions in a similar order . no one is completely e or i , so using that as a measure is not exactly reliable . i see main difference ... the feeling is mutual . conversations with an intp are highly engaging , except for the other types involved , who generally look a bit lost . really , the way i see this is not as a joke at all . it's about having the best of both worlds . why limit yourself by adopting a this or that mentality ? plus , boredom is the death of me , so let me ... entps are logically random . edit : and randomly logical . not really . when hanging out with friends that are entps , it's like we have our own language , so you can make an obscure joke about something and they'll understand it while others around you think ... give me acid or give me death , for i do not care to live in a world i am oblivious to ... i thought you were asking us what type we hated the most , or what are entps ' most hated type ? not , entps : the most hated type ? . punctuation is a valuable asset when attempting to communicate to ... so , so true . i am literally emotionally intelligent . a close friend of mine once told me , completely out of the blue , you don't feel emotion with your heart , you feel it with your brain . she ... it appears that people don't understand what the word arrogant actually means . it is an exaggerated sense of one's own self worth . admitting to being arrogant is essentially saying that you ... i wrote this a few days ago for no reason at all other than to illustrate how the feeling of overwhelming insignificance when staring at the night sky is a comforting and valuable perspective . things ... i know , how about i tell you about why i don't believe in randomness or free will and that chaos is actually the illusion generated by infinitely complex order , that really everything can be ... some people are so mortifyingly boring that all i can think about is how they came to be that way . that's interesting , but in a negative integer sort of way . it certainly is , but there really ... but how did you honestly feel about it ? oops , i let the smart-ass get ahead of me and wasn't paying attention . after a few minutes of reading her entry on wikipedia , watching a moment of your first video , and applying what i already ... oh , and why are you majoring in something that bores you ( computer engineering ) and not in something you love ( psychology ) ? it sounds like you need to be studying less boolean and more brain . ... this is exactly why i dropped out of college . i couldn't deal with the monotony of core curriculum and ditching class to do something that was actually mentally stimulating was a much better idea . a ... exactly . excuse me , reality ? check , please . it sounds like a case of ne gone wild and negating si to the point it doesn't function at all . what exactly is there to doubt ? if you receive good ... how ? by not concerning myself with an emotional state based primarily on the subjective values of a society driven by machoism . that's how . when you say , feel like a man all i can think of is ... as ayn rand wrote : yep . that's it . the less intelligent an individual is , the easier it is to manipulate them . men that are intelligent ( as if intelligence was singular in scope instead of multi-faceted ) are drawn to unintelligent ... you must be an xxtp for the link to function . change the personality type in your profile settings and try again . one last thing . i can ramp up the absurdity and ne-explode in a fit of topic creation if needed . you know , as a kind of aerially-delivered flame retardant to digital bum's front page wildfire . ... also , i just realized that the coupling of my avatar with my username might lead people to believe i am two different people . one named elsewhere and another named otherwise . not so . we are just ... buy a subscription to ti build mag today ! learn for yourself the secrets of learning for yourself ! perfect for the xxtp in your life ! only four easy payments of $ 9.99 ! buy now ! entp forum - the deities is , without question , the best description . the most accurate and fair , too . ( may as well post this over here as this is clearly the more relevant ( and rewritten ) of the two threads on this same subject . ) to answer your question : both the field of criminal psychology and ... to answer your question : both the field of criminal psychology and that of industrial-organizational ( such as the military ) psychology require a master's degree at minimum * . that is roughly four ... as was i , in large part due to growing up with my gregarious , conversationally narcissistic enfp of a father . he would dominate any social interaction , including those with my friends , even at a ... that was about the age my peers began teasing me for having girly handwriting . i have somewhat schizophrenic handwriting . it is in a constant state of change - lowercase , uppercase , large , small , whatever . i'm not entirely sure why , other than as some sort of artistic ... sure , why not ? 7w6 , 4w5 , 9w8 - so / sx / sp the same thing said the same way twice . all of the personality descriptions you've read are derived from the functions of the entp . the order is key when comparing entps ( ne , ti ) with intps ( ti , ne ) . both types are intelligent , intuitive ... now it's daniel kahneman on the riddle of experience vs . memory . listening to richard dawkins ' tedtalk militant atheism and smoking cigarettes . yes , indeed . quality programming all around . fresh air with terry gross offers some of the best interviews i have heard on any media format . this american life by ira glass is visceral , ... '