' i experienced the same thing . sometimes i think it is more difficult as males are still expected to make the first move in a lot of cultures . but i often fantasize that one day if i did click with ... i don't understand this , could you perhaps provide a specific example ? to me it sounds more like you're trying to change others to an idea in your head of what they should be . maybe they are happy as ... i fluctuate a lot , and it's strange how it works . i get caught up on past events and project them into future fantasies that are usually negatively undertoned . i get a little haunted by a couple of ... the ultimate one for me was to make videogames , which i'm now following although coming up against a bit of struggle . other ideas i've had is to be a teacher , therapist and world leader . but the ... may i ask what an improv class is ? i am happy that you've got something great in your life to feel good about :) thank you humanrenaisance , i have entered my first year of it study after several years in science . i only just figured out that i want to do something in it . i am actually leaning towards game ... it's perfectly normal mate , you're fine :) i met this girl about a year ago , spoke to her a total of 5 or so times and got rejected and i'm not over her yet . i guess people would say that isn't ... the thing that upset me most was that my 3 favourite characters died ; _ ; lupin , snape and sirius . i wasn't surprised much by snape dying , but lupin seemed to come out of nowhere . and hedwig , damn . harry potter is probably my favourite thing on the planet ever . i grew up with it , played heaps of the videogames and read the books several times . even played a bit of quidditch last year ( don't ... i have been single throughout my life so far ( only 22 though ) . and i was miserable for a long time because i fantasized the idea of a relationship and thought being in one and being loved would be ... i love : mi-goreng noodles - so delicious ! ! trading card games rain red pen ink ( i think it looks warmer / friendlier on paper if that makes any sense haha ) people who seem at peace with ... yeah i played simcity , but is it really like that ? hahah i don't know why but i thought there was a lot of maths content , kind of like some aspects of engineering , design and so on . cheers for the ... my dream job at present is to design levels and artistic content for videogames . i believe i can achieve this , but the fall back will be something it-related :) what is city planning like ? yeah my mum seems similar too , came from a family where the father was physically abusive . as a result she never followed her passions or her talents ( she wanted to do nursing , and was a great ... i find that my mothers nature is a serious detriment to my own mental health , and aspects of it have seriously degraded my life growing up ( such as low self-esteem , over-compromising for others , ... i didn't watch the videos because i refuse to spoil it for when i go :) hey there lemony , i hope you're still around the forums to read this , i procrastinated a little in my reply xd my new hobbies were things i always wanted to try but for some reason just put them ... what did the boy with no legs and no arms get for christmas ? cancer . still my favourite . i'm heading towards it , specifically level designer i think . i'm not particularly great at maths or art but if i love something nothing will keep me from it . and i guess that's it , do something you ... so how have you guys managed to help develop yourselves better ? i can see i fell on the poorly developed side of things in regards to f . f . s's list . sometimes it's so easy to mistake reckless ... i am thankful for having a life where i have the opportunities to experience joy in many forms . i'm thankful for having awesome friends , for having all the money i need at any given moment , a nice ... wow , i really hope i'm as lucky as you one day :) i fell for a couple of people but they didn't feel the same about me , so i guess i feel more sceptical towards it now . hahaha , i laughed out loud xd ( i would of wrote lol ... but that doesn't really mean ' laugh out loud ' these days ) yeah , i love anti-jokes . set up a good joke and just crush it with mediocrity or ... this , this times a gillion billion . it's like trying to solve a 27 - sided rubicks cube whilst looking through a kaleidoscope :/ i may or may not have exaggerated a little in that sentence . i ... * nods * sure is hahah what did the boy with no arms and no legs get for christmas ? cancer . you guys would absolutely love the anti-joke chicken meme . what's blue and smells like red paint ? blue paint . why didn't billy get what he wanted for christmas ? i live close enough to sydney :) i haven't been in the mood for bat for lashes in ages , but daniel and pearl's dream are awesome :) i'm scared of dying before i finally accept and love myself , i'm scared of dying and not having the opportunity to share a loving relationship with someone , i'm scared of not finding the hobby that ... i have no idea what era i would love to see . a tribal setting would be awesome , as dvnj 22 mentions a shaman sounds .. familiar lol . i think being a counsellor to a king would of been cool , a sort of ... discovering the freedom to be awesome :) ralph fiennes is an awesome person :) we might need to convince her some more on those parts : laughing : well i'll input something from the male perspective , in that i would not be happy if my girlfriend were to have another close relationship with a male ( outside of a normal close friendship i mean ) ... i think that might be where some people go wrong , i don't think you can give love away , which implies that you will eventually run out of it yourself . rather you share the love you have in your life ... is there something wrong with men who grew up without their fathers , or are you just concerned because you keep attracting men who are insecure because of it ? my dad left when i was 5 - ish , and ... love also , giving and receiving . close behind , i would say i want purpose . * above video nsfw audio , alright if you have earphones :) * that second video puts me in hysterics xd hey sil , as above i thank you for letting us ask you some questions :) i was wondering how you two met ? it just seems that a lot of infj's ( and me ) find it difficult to make connections with ... i would love to eat something nice and just sit somewhere peaceful talking to someone i like :) if you wanted to do something - you mentioned that you two have many similar hobbies , any that can ... the girl i asked out completely cut-off any chance for me to talk to her . i would have liked to remain friends , i do hope she didn't assume i was only asking her out because of physical reasons . but ... i wasn't abused , but i was neglected . i wish my mum made more of an effort to force me and my brother off the computer / console and realise that there were fun activities we could have shared ... yes , my own brother legitimately asked me if i was gay . i'm not gay lol , it's just i can appreciate that i might appear unusual to others . you know , hugh jackman is someone i really admire . he ... pun intended ? xd that reminds me of something a girl asked me a long time ago , why is the sun so ... sunny ? hahaha do you / other girls reading this think it's a bad thing to make the first ... i used to beat myself up over never being in a relationship , sometimes i still do . it hurts a lot being lonely , but it hurts even more trying to find someone and having no luck . this is quite ... no nudity please , unless there is 1 girl for every 1 guy hahah i've always dreamed of being a knight in a medieval setting , a position where being fiercely loyal actually means something huge ... is this like where we want to dwell in the afterlife or where we will actually be buried ? xd not too fussed on where i will be buried , although i wouldn't mind having my tombstone carved out into ... you know , i never even thought of all that intense focus being directed into my fingers , it is pretty funny when i think about it like that xd i was always too focused on what was happening on ... i've been unemployed a long time also , but i am studying so it isn't so bad . when it comes to seeing professional work and getting disheartened , that's a massive infj trait . i think you should stop ... man i do that all the time on videogames , just as i'm about to kill someone online , my face freezes up as my neurons decipher a creative route to my enemies ' demise . something tells me though that ... '