' that is a very interesting story . may i ask what degree you ended up doing ? i feel that i relate to you in how i still want human contact , and wanting to feel that i am actually useful . i think one ... hello perc long time no see :) right now i'm stressing a lot about what i want to do when i graduate , and since now is around the time to start applying to programs , i'm reaally unsure of what to ... right now i am thinging with an enfp girl . we also happen to be best friends . its actually so amazing :) i dont know why but theres just this big connection where we seem to understand each other ... why do these long winter breaks seem to get worse . and why are we so distant now ? i'm scared to go back to school , but at the same time i hope we just magically start talking like we used to the ... happy new year to you all :) i don't come by here often but i always find myself learning more and more , and just helps me get by in life much easier . i feel like i understand so much now :D i'm so sad . this christmas break has been a complete waste . and i never got to see you at all , you said we would . i miss you so much but it hurts to wonder if you miss me as much now . you don't seem ... omg yes a teenager thread . i also am an infj teenager ( or i think i am . it's been a year of deciding between infp or infj but anyway ) , and i'm so relieved to not be alone feeling everything during ... yeah i would agree with anon 317 . eren's whole must kill all titans without really listening to himself kinda hits me as esfj or esfp mikasa i think is intj armin isxj ( armin's so nice but his ... violin some martial art expressing self when time is right i tend to waste away in music , play the only 3/4 piano songs i know , try to get out and go for some walks , and in rare times i'd vent it all out haha really ? well a movie of it is coming out next year . i'm doing a novel project on it actually . the book only gets better :D i've always wanted to hear anyone else's opinion on this , especially someone who knows about mbti . i figured i could start with the infjs that have read it and have some discussion . i would think ... alright thanks for the replies guys :) yes i realize it's simply a way to kinda learn more about yourself and find better things to help you grow , but it also just helps to know we're not alone . so i am sure a lot of the infj forum population has at least seen this posted once or twice : what i want to know is that is it very un-infj like to ... today i came home , and after a few hours i just broke down crying for the first time ever . i don't really know what led to it . high school just seems to not be my place . i thought about telling ... i don't really mind awkward silences , until i get the feeling that they feel a bit uncomfortable . that's when awkward extrovert infj kicks in :D bbuummmppp ? okay yes finally get to answer this . i hope you can still reply and analyze this after a week :) 1 . b . although i'd still be relieved i'm not crowded up and have no space at all , b seemed safer ... you're rebel-ness makes me shiver in dread oh god D: haha well reading the questionnaire , which would you say i'm probably closest to ? and on a random note what does your signature mean ? : laughing : i watched that yesterday actually . most of what he was saying about infj applied to me actually , but there were still a few tidbits on the infp but i guess that could be normal . still want to see ... haha yes please :) so i just posted a questionnaire in the infj forum . can anyone please take a look ? :) 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? cognitive functions . i have narrowed it down to infj and infp , but i have also considered isfj . i constantly read on how ni are ... that's interesting ... well do you have any ideas on what types i should be looking to consider ? infp ? ( > ' - ' ) > < ( ' - ' < ) ^ ( ' - ' ) ^ < ( ' - ' < ) ( > ' - ' ) > u200bhehe . i like this thread . they're sitting quietly in the corner just waiting for you to approach them , while they're in their own head thinking of every single possible thing to say , and when you do approach them your amazed ... would anyone like to take a look at me and post your opinions ? i know i haven't really been on tooo much , but i recently got right back into mbti ( its so hard to stay away omg ) because of some ... 15 right now , and i dont think i'm rebellious ... and its not like i haven't been exposed to it , trust me i have . it might be cause i feel more mature , but it's funny because i can be the weirdest ... haha yeah i almost started crying at that beautiful teaser :') its from a show haha . adventure time ! very great if you want to just ... well to put it simply , get high completely unrelated but i like your profile picture :D thanks guys ! had to return half brother cause i found out i had to return the book the day after i decided to pick it up again ... but i found a book that seems to fit in with mbti a bit and being ... intrapersonal , musical , logical : o so today i've decided i really need to get back into reading . 15 years old here , and i've always wanted to read a lot more but get distracted by too much ( video games i'm looking at you cause friends ... convoluted my passion is bacon ... well i wish it was . you guys are too awesome god dammit . i'm starting to fall for an enfp who's also one of my closest ( the closest ? ) friends that is a girl . god . random epic guess ; intp ? i guess n and f , but sometimes being an nf ... iunno man its too deep i think that happens to me quite often actually . like , my enfp friend would say im confusing because you approach people as a quiet person , but there are instances when you are the loudest person in ... esfp cause dogs are like ruffruffruff eerrryywhere i think i'm falling for my enfp friend ... its too much . she's too much . don't fucking tell me what i should do . can you give me a brief explanation on what these are ? i think i'd like one too :) ooh oooh i'm 15 and ( i think ) i'm infj ! well right now i think i like this girl , and what i would do kinda sounds like that . one minute always talking to her , the next just kinda shutting her out ... i have felt a bit depressed lately . i'm a high school kid who has no idea what he's doing with his life , feel as if he has barely any friends , and has the huuuge need to vent ... but sadly he does not ... surviving high school . i'll let you know when / if i decide something that one's tough when this comes to mind : i picked play piano though , but i listen to kyle landry a loot more than play :) only one ? lonely dude . i feel you . i feel you so much . thats me right now . i have pretty much no one i can talk to about the more emotional and deep topics because i just cant seem to get along with too many on a ... i think it had quite a bit more potential .. they rushed the second season so it's possibly that . love the roxas picture btw :D oh and to op , attack on titan is an amazing one . it's ongoing however '