' improbable ... i wish i wouldn't so easily be embarrassed by mistakes i make . everybody makes mistakes , right ? so why am i such a perfectionist that when i make a mistake and somebody notices that , i feel ... so sorry ! :( oh , i don't like it , i sometimes have this argument with my husband ... i don't want him to organize or clean out ( something he'd rarely do anyway ) any of my stuff unless i have said so . neither do i ... first , i am no longer sure if i really use fi over fe , i seem to care quite a lot about what other people think of me . i also notice what other people may be feeling , i always try to read people's ... so i've answered the what's my type questionnaire . 0 . life is a bit stressful currently with two small children and my decision to change my career direction at this age ( above 40 ) as i am not ... i am so mad at my boss right now . if i could , i'd leave . i'd miss my colleagues but not him , definitely . but i have to be responsible and keep this job for a while at least for my children's sake ... i laugh at silly things all the time . it doesn't take much to amuse me . i think many of my friends and coworkers think i am a little crazy and laugh too much but i really don't care . at least i am ... i am currently quite strangely at peace with myself . only in the back of my mind the thought is lurking : this can't for sure last . which , of course , is true , but it's annoying nonetheless ! : kitteh : and i hate that i can't stand up for what i believe in against my mother . just because i don't want to have a conflict with her . i had that in the past and we ended up not speaking for a year . i feel ... i think i am slipping into some sort of depression . i am extremely tired and i am having hard time controlling my emotions . i try to put up a happy face while inside it's such a turmoil . where do i ... i have two small children and they definitely don't have the same type of personality . my daughter , who's seven , is probably an enfp , very social but sensitive with a very creative mind . she has a ... i frequently test as intp as my f / t are rather balanced . on function tests i usually get infp and after a lot of confusion and thinking i have settled for infp . well , maybe you can become a specialized nurse in future and be part of clinical research or something like that ? explore various options and a combination of different skills is never wrong . i am a ... sounds like me too ... i don't know much about enneagram but i also test as 5w4 . my cat used to get a few spoons wet cat food once a day but she has somehow by her persistent meowing gotten me to to give it to her at least a couple of times a day . at weekends when i am home most ... yes ... and not something but somebody but i know any step i'll take towards realization of my desires will lead to pain and even more suffering so i refrain . there is something i want to tell you but i don't know if i dare . it's inappropriate , inconvenient and impossible . what i am referring to is what i feel for you . i am married and you're together ... i am feeling so guilty ... i got a job offer today to return to my old workplace / lab until next summer , an offer i couldn't refuse as i have been unemployed for seven months . so why do i feel guilty ? ... i can only agree with you . i may look fragile and cute but i am not . sure i am sensitive but i know how to deal with stuff . maybe it is because i am older . when you read the thread you know you're a judger when you ... and almost get an anxiety attack ! :D i am infp and i have a husband who might be an entj , he certainly behaves like one and once i made him take the test and it turned out to be entj . i am not very sure of this though . anyway , i do ... i love cats . i like that they are independent . have one little persian . she's very sweet and gentle but has her mind of her own and can look so angry . i think i identify myself too much with her at ... infp here . joined apparently in 2007 out of curiosity as i read about it in a newspaper . somehow an old classmate found me and sent me a friend request . so for a couple of years i had one facebook ... 21792 well , these are my eyes ... ! and i am kind of bored ... i've never heard of minors in phd either , i am located in scandinavia but did my postdoc in us and didn't hear anything like that from the grad students in the lab . there are a bunch of short courses ... this is probably the worst case i have heard of . i have heard of a couple of canceled dissertations due to overlooking of some details that turned out to be very important but nothing like this . 14 ... i was going to write a post about how important it is to choose the right advisor , not easy since most of the time you maybe only think about the topic that interests you . it's a long road to a phd ...  i believe i am an infp and i have a phd in microbiology . i survived it all but i admit i was never one of the best . i was too distracted at times . but it all boils down to motivation , are you ... well , you were projecting your own fears on him , weren't you ? his refusal to accept your help was ultimately his decision and nothing to take personally , no reason to get angry in my opinion . on ... it's not about weakness , it's about motivation . maybe they are not as motivated as you ? it all boils down to what drives you in life . and when it comes to pushing ... if somebody tries to push me ... i always loved science , especially biology , so i ended up getting a phd degree in microbiology . but i do get bored by at times , i have hard time keeping interest in scientific discussions when they ... as another poster said , take it with a grain of salt but i don't see any harm in typing children . i have two children and my daughter who is 6 seemed to be an extravert from the start when she was a ... well , i agree that networking is very important for getting a job . my last three jobs i got by networking . i am out of job again and trying to use my contacts as much as i can . today i paid a visit ... gosh , this happened to me once . years ago i started a new job and after a few months i noticed a large cabinet just outside my office door . i asked , somewhat puzzled , a colleague of mine : when did ... another cat person here ! : happy : and here is a picture of my adorable little kitty ! 14442 and when you spend a lot of time on lengthy imaginery conversations with somebody you like . not only do you imagine what you say and what he / she will say but also their face expressions & body ... well , it's good to read that there are people like me out there . i have two small kids to take care of so some things i have no choice but to do whether i like it or not . in fact , that is almost the ... another one new here ! :) i'm probably quite a bit older than most of you here but i hope i am still welcome here ! i was really into c . g jung's theories when i was in my twenties but then real life ... infj 50 % extroverted , 49 % sensing , 39 % thinking , 44 % perceiving you seek meaning and connection in ideas , relationships , and material possessions , and want to understand what motivates people ... you have to rescue the poor snails crawling on the pathway / road after a rain from getting crushed by ignorant people who can't see them . you even make your kids do this ! and you feel guilty if you ... logically i know all this . i've analyzed myself to death . still , can't shake this feeling off . once i almost failed an exam ( long time ago ) ... hated that feeling so after that i did excellent on each ... spiders . hate them . fear of failure . hate that . both failing and being afraid of it . i'm not sure if i am an infp or intp , but , yes , i tend to sit in strange ways . at the dining table usually one foot tucked under me and sprawled out at other places . i am around 40 and mother of two , ... '