' i vote nay . all the tritype descriptions seem like just a bunch of stereotypes from each type put together . i feel like it only leads to more mistypes . for example , i'm pretty sure that some of the ... i'm a 4w5 so / sp , and i've mistyped as a two before i had understood what the enneagram is really about . yes , jhonen vasquez also made fun of being called goth . subcultures are silly altogether . i just assumed that this thread was about people who dress gothic and nothing more substantial than that . type four-robert smith , peter murphy type five-ian curtis type six-amy lee type seven-jhonen vasquez many of these people aren't really goth , but i just made this list because i felt like ... well , my box turtle is probably a six . y'know , her shell keeps her safe . she's kind of shy and very phobic , so i'll have to go with 6w5 sp / so . maybe she's a four , but she's not really image oriented ... i think it's a good idea to make an inaccurate descriptions and videos thread . i think that such a thread would probably avoid further mistypes and is good for venting . well , i had stumbled ... have your heard of hannah montana ? she is an esfp who doesn't match . i'm an introvert and i can be obnoxiously talkative at times . i actually had doubts to whether i'm an introvert ( even though i always score high on introversion ) . my mom says that i'm extraverted for ... yes , and it seems like a lot of the fours on this forum feel a need to prove their fourness more than the twos need to prove their twoness . i'm pretty sure that a lot of fours on this forum ... but he doesn't seem like an extravert . he seems like an intj 4w5 / 7w6 / 1w2 sp / so . any thoughts on this ? well , your enneagram type is supposedly innate , but i'm pretty sure that it forms over the first six years of life . i've always been a four , but i don't identify with type four as much as i used to . ... i actually read that somewhere on the internet and it makes sense . do you assume i made that up because 4w5 sp / so is my enneagram type ? well , i think carl jung was 9w1 sx / sp . dostoevsky's enneagram type was 4w5 sp / so . this song title makes me think of an unhealthy two : this seems like a type three song : well , i originally thought myself to be intp or intj being that i've been told that i'm stoic . i thought that expressionless people who have difficulty talking about their feeling cannot be feeling ... my opposite tritype is 8w7 / 7w8 / 2w3 sx / so yeah , i guess that's the opposite of me . i wish enneagram type descriptions would be more simplistic . i find many descriptions to have too many extraneous words which probably lead to misidentifications . i wish type descriptions wouldn't ... but many extraverts need time to themselves after long periods of socialization . there aren't too many extraverts who socialize 24/7 . um ... why are you in doubt to whether she's extraverted ? she seems like an extravert to me . welcome to perc ! :) hope you have fun on here . :) i have imaginary friends . one of my imaginary friends from the past was named kalonymus . kalonymus is greek for beautiful name . it is a very beautiful name ! are any of these photos of your shadows and not of you ? some of you guys look like estj's . that was a joke . * giggle * are these pictures of you or your shadows ? y'all look like estp's . just joking . * giggle * aspergers will be taken out of the dsm . this is why i dislike being a four . but yeah , i'm a four all the way . for with much wisdom comes much vexation ; and he who increases knowledge , increases pain . ecclesiastes 1:18 ignorance is bliss . yes , i can be obnoxiously talkative at times . you're offended when very extraverted people say that they are introverts . for in much wisdom is much vexation , and he who increases knowledge increases pain . ( ecclesiastes 1:18 ) i had a facebook account for only two weeks . my enfp dad forced me to delete it ; i'm very grateful for what he did ... i heard that female fours are compatible with male eights and nines . makes sense considering i adore male nines . forgot where i read it though ... 4-6- 1 the philosopher i feel kind of pretentious considering this to be my tritype , but it is . i did some research to confirm this . in the past i thought myself to be 4-5- 9 , 4-6- 9 , and 4-6- 8 .  ... i would upload an image , but my computer is acting strange . i think that being an so / sp four makes me less stereotypical and dramatic than a four with sx in the top two . i'm not really expressive , and many people say that i'm a 5w4 . oh , and two is a peach because when unhealthy , two forgets its purpose and becomes obnoxious like peach scented air freshener . however , a healthy two is sweet and genuine like a real peach . nice . omg ! i love strawberry for nine ; nines are sweet . however , even the sweetest could be full of bugs . still love nines . i kind of feel stupid for saying all this considering the polarizing fruit ... rluai : 3.7 % of women ; 3.0 % of men moody , not good at sports , low energy level , unable to speak up for self , avoidant , depressed , withdrawn , attracted to things associated with sadness , easily ... this may be kind of embarrassing , but i actually take offense when people mistype themselves and others ( because they think a certain type is cool ) . i once heard somebody say that fours are extremely ... interesting . i'm a social dominant and whenever i share too much about myself , i constantly worry about it afterwards . i know many people who mistype themselves considering they see each type as a list of adjectives . people think that they're fours because they're introspective and artistic and get depressed ... i sometimes get all made up before i go to bed ; i like to have pretty dreams . embarrassing . i hate it when people assume type themselves / others as fours because they're depressed . yes , i've been depressed many times . i've only read brothers karamazov . i stopped around page 400 ( yet it was interesting , historically speaking ) . well , i've been pretty sure that my sexual instinct is inferior considering i'm bad when it comes to close relationships . at one point , i thought that my sexual instinct cannot be inferior because ... i can't believe that you cut my cheese asymmetrically ! bellerose , i thanked your post assuming you will thank one of my posts in return . it was a stereotypical joke . doesn't the the title of this thread hurt your feelings ? when you think that everybody else is too stupid to thank your posts . '