' if dude really is intp you don't need to do nothing ! i am the same way . it is an intp thing imho . i also do not like this about myself or the way it makes me feel when i recognize it . nice thread . a men's rights movement ? it is called get a fucking job & take care of fucking business ! in the caveman days it was called go kill a fucking dinner , drag it home & take care of fucking business ! drugs , alcohol along with any & all mood altering substances are bullshit . using them is simply a symptom of something else . ask yourself what that something might be . try to discover what the ...  enfj women : help a couple introverted men understand miso any chance you can provide a long , detailed , comprehensive list & description of both the wants & needs of an extroverted / enfj / enfp ... tute pillow ! tute pillow ! tute ! tute ! tute : crazy : nailed it ! as far as i am concerned this just explained the universe for me . in real analysis , the real projective line ( also called the one-point compactification of the real line , or the projectively ... i think this is going on . but i could be wrong . i think this is going on . but i could be wrong . infinity unlimited extent of time , space , or quantity ; eternity ; boundlessness ; immensity . unlimited capacity , energy , excellence , or knowledge ; as , the infinity of god and his ... when in the course of human events it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another and to assume among the powers of the earth , the ... thanks ! thanks ! what intp do you have an internet crush on ? like the infj thread i enjoy watching . let's embarrass the intps by inflicting our emotions upon them ! ! muahahahah ! have at it . i ... supposed intp celebrities and famous intps intp celebrities and famous intps this fits me . the intp melancolic is typically drawn to wild polar expanses , to mountain ranges and all places on the edges of civilisation . whatever his particular yearning might actually be , ... often a sexual tyrannosaurus uses forceful and overt tactics to attract / trap a mate including but not limited to : chest thumping , bellowing , hip thrusting , and laser sex eyes . ... is the rtcol video hottie in the infj weird sex basement ? ... i dont wanna be no prophet ! ! ! the all knowing omnipotent creator of all is alamour she gave us her only daughter cucumber & the heavenly angel who rose again to watch over all of us is ... awww yeah , boyee ! we know what time it is ! ! ! awww yeah , boyee ! we ... the islam religion was founded by mohammed in the seventh century . in 622 he founded the first islamic state , a theocracy in medina , a city in western saudi arabia located north of mecca . there ... u . c . t . ( uni corn topia ) where did you come from lady and ooh won't you take me there right away won't you baby tendoroni you've got to be spark my nature sugar fly with me don't you know ... yes you must post one of your own . and thanks for filling that quota for the thread ! :-) exactly what you wrote i get all the time . i am great at poker . to be honest i don't care what anyone else thinks or has to say . i actually love this about me . i don't want or need anyone to ... exactly ! ! ! i have had requests to move this post to spam ( gossip ) . o . k . does someone need a bunch of i have had requests to not move this post to spam ( gossip ) . ? ? ? is it ... you , you're not sylvia ! you're one of the kung-fu creatures on the rampage , 2 ! love it ! ! ! the widyhaico # 1 . thread & widyhaico # 2 . thread aint spam ! [ intp ] what intp do you have an internet crush on ? like the intj thread i created and the infj thread i enjoy watching . let's ... you know i didn't have & therefore didn't mention any internet crushes over on the locked thread . the experience over on the locked thread was wonderful & life changing . at times it was also warm & ... we gonna let it die ? or we going to get it on ! epimer skycloud 86 applecat darth intphoebe muck fe unicorntopia fiddler absentminded come on ! let's roll ! ! ! what intp do you have an internet crush on ? 2 it won't die if people still post in it , the crush thread legend of the intp forum . all all the threads ... 04-26- 2011 06:27 pm alamour red face what intp do you have an internet crush on ? like the intj thread i created and the infj thread i enjoy watching . let's embarrass the intps by ... what intp do you have an internet crush on ? thread closed . if you want it open then pm me and i will open it in the gossip forum . i have had requests to move this post to spam ( gossip ) . if i do ... if youre asking me every single thing about all you beautiful infps is redeeming ! ! ! but then i'm basis cuz i love infps ! ! ! infps 4ever ! ! ! you're asking me ? i have no idea ! ! ! thats why i asked roberto ! ! ! well because i am hispanic and i have a rubber toe ( and my name is robert ) . i know but he said he has a rubber toe and his name is robert - ( o ) . actually he said he has a rubber toe . roberto , you have an actual rubber toe ? at some point everyone has to try & reconcile that they do not have any control over other people & that other people do not have control over them . all of the above can feel intensely real but in ... the mbti guidelines say that you're the best person to determine your own type . ethical guidelines for using the mbti ® instrument why is your handle rubbertoe ? girl ? try to use your t ! your only 22 , right ? i was in the service before i went to college . i was 21 when i started . it was awkward here & there but overall nothing to worry about . come on ... wow ! ! ! 1st time ! ! ! isn't this where we came in is a hidden message in pink floyd's 1979 rock opera the wall . the first words spoken on the disc one portion of the album during the song ...  maybe its from typing that long ass password you got ? :-) '