' intriguing . i honestly instantly starting making plans : laughing : also , i like you're gonna read this .. gold personally , i think it's because of how school is fundamentally structured . do this . memorize this . quiet . sit down . be quiet . follow orders . be quiet ! that , and the way you were raised ... does anyone ever get the thought that they could've been friggin einstein if raised a certain way ? i remember when i was four and i would say facts that i've noticed or learned out loud ( now i ... no , the opportunity cost for watching something else holds far more value in my mind .. though i do need to pick up the habit of rereading good non-fiction from the past .. but i do something very ... 1 . ni feels like more of an intuitive picture , but it could also be relatable to your personality .. the hood .. the expression on the inside .. reminds me of fi ( feels like correlation going off my ... welcome , intj :p roud : i think the way you answered question 5 gave away your ni / te : wink : ( you intuited the sentence a bit too quickly ) homeostasis ? risk aversion ? your amygdala is flipped the wrong way . you're comfortable . go outside . build a fire . a philosophical one . do it . i didn't want to influence the direction with my ranting , i wanted to hear unfiltered thoughts on the subject .. first of all , i am amazed at my rationally irrational brain . maybe it's just the ... thank you . * ggrrr * i was about to say , most of these things pretty much distract me : confused : . then i looked at your type , damn extroverted intuitives : tongue : . sometimes i'm jelly . most of the time i feel like : give ... what situations or techniques do you find bring the best out of your intuition ? now this might sound like it's coming out of left field .. i've just updated a chrome extension turn off ... i would say it's a big possibility that he's intj . now , i'm only participating in this thread because of a wild coincidence i just came across . i wanted to hear a speech from steve jobs tonight , and ... holy crap , you can lock me up for triple posting , but my ego was just inflated by steve jobs himself : [ 0:48 ] s i ... and so we've come to a full circle : tongue : : wink : my hunch tells me ne . when you feel like the world is about to end , do you image all of these things that can happen ? and opening doors .. another thing that points me to ne , if i'm perceiving ... loving this thread , very interesting read , and i want to say thanks to for putting this together .. currently just digesting this mass of influence and perception , but i want to give a quick ... probably an entj or enfp i tend to attract near opposites .. which is good for the soul :p roud : was expecting but thanks for the assistance in direction .. inspired me to get back to work ! ! : crazy :: laughing :: crazy : yeah , you actually watched the movie so you definitely have more weight in saying what his type is . also , i just looked up ozymandias .. interesting . thank you . i've yet to watch the movie ( want to read the book first ) , but honestly that sounded like intj . both types are so very close anyway . there are definite advantages to being a celebrity and ceo ... yeah , isn't everybody ? i think the internet opened me up to how everyone is oddly the same . i wish i could downvote you : frustrating : thinkers and feelers both act on their core internal value systems . you really don't have much to worry about . about everyone is at the center of their own universe . you are , in your own way . an intj in the same situation as you might feel the same thing you are , but ... juggernaut thank you for the insight .. i felt that i had to voice it ; i believe you just helped me open up to a few channels . that's funny because i have ne-ti envy : laughing : we all wish that we were the king of all trades , it's ok .. just takes time :p roud : the intj in his most natural habitat : tongue : yes , making my why's concrete , allowed me to perceive at an even greater depth of how all of my works can tie into and reinforce each other . i'd have to say that one of my inspirations in this ... double post : mellow : so far i've actualized ~ three purposes . one of them being to liberate minds on a massive level . as for plans ? they all feed into these purposes with a few stray branches . right now i'm trying ... i really do love it when people let out their inner child . you know how everyone says : awww they grow up so fast ! ! that's because we do ! i'm only 8,000 days old , so i think i'll hold on ... your strategy may have some merit , but keep in mind your judging a mix of that person's intelligence and communication skills . his proficiency and social environment being the main factors in getting ... i believe that common sense is inherently uncommon . your community's common sense is not another community's . different geography , environmental factors , worries , etc , etc , etc . i think a lot of ... can't .. stop ... watching ... this ! i love it when i'm talking about a concept or phenomenon that i just learned about , and he receives and regurgitates it in a way that's sometimes so far off than what i even thought about , ... i'm like a rock in this aspect . a really , really heavy rock . you'd have to roll this boulder up a mountain resembling a roller-coaster track ; and by the time you get halfway up there , you're gonna ... like ying and yang .. esfj and isfj ( awesome thing ) young me tended to attract opposites . i don't think she did : shocked :: sad :: bored : yes , it is . and confusion , at first with what you were explaining , my intuition told me intuitive ; but , i wouldn't dismiss isfp just yet .. see what you said about people and tv ? that might ... now that i go back to your previous post .. it seems almost strange . for me , i've always defined the relationship as sympathy -> empathy . you can feel both at the same time , but you can't feel empathy ... i always seem to remember more of the flow of the song . i think remembering the particular words might be more of an se / si thing : tongue : but at the same time , i tend to remember the few lines ... wait wait wait .. you could even consider intuition irrational in a way . it's the answer before the question . for the most part , it doesn't lend itself to emotional intelligence . feeling is ... i can see where you're coming from , but i would definitely frame it like : your personality type can be more likely to have certain disorders . i just want to say you guys are awesome .. i should probably tell him that , shouldn't i . gaahh i feel like i shut him down a lot with my fi . but he's still cool and still does things without the ... this is interesting .. soo this made me think that , maybe you're more in touch with people because you had an actualized connection with them when you were growing up , increasing your [ production of ] ... ooo extraverted intuition .. welcome ! and your likes lead me to believe that you're on point with your typing . yes ! i love the essence of the language .. i wonder what disciplines or fields have ... look , this is what helped me decide : fi vs fe sympathy vs empathy . i can most defintely feel sympathetic for someone , but most of the time .. i never feel that hardcore empathy , actually ... wtf is one of the subs i do not visit .. but maybe i should more often i.imgur.com/j5htt.jpg hahaha thanks , will do , it's kind of nice to have a little randomness , reddit's subs are all ... damnit cafebot : tongue : anyway , a few of my interests in one mind melting video ... youtu . be / eazg-_iih - 4 '