' it's like i have very little social energy of my own , and so anyone who wishes to hold a conversation with me must input enough to keep both parties involved . if it's something i'm interested in i'll ... in middle school , when everyone used to have flip phones with alpha-numerical keyboards ( you know the ones where you press 222 to get c ) , i would compulsively add up the number of button pushes one ... your neurodiverse ( aspie ) score : 111 of 200 your neurotypical ( non-autistic ) score : 83 of 200 you seem to have both neurodiverse and neurotypical traits 247418 most of my dreams are pretty dull . running from things , doing things that i do in day-to-day life ( i often dream of driving scenarios , i used to be a delivery driver . ) sometimes , however , i have ... i do that at work most of the time , makes the days pass by more quickly . i wouldn't worry about it mate . any relationship will require some maintenance . especially for us ti folks who spend ... music sort of creates a backdrop to my mind . i analyze the beat and start using the subtle undertones to structure my thought process into something that would be much less epic without theme music ... i enjoy si . today in effective speaking we did word associations . it went something like this ; prof : movies class : morgan freeman , twilight saga , ferris beuler . me : lumberjacks ... awkward ... i , too , enjoy music that tells a story with sound , rather than wording . i can't get into that fast-paced prog / metal rock , though . i like more off-beat reggae , alternative rock , trance / dubstep ( the ... 181114 reason you've been locked in your parent's basement for 20 years ? oh yes , i once tried to put a name on my own crazy , i've since come to accept it as generic . i could probably get myself diagnosed with add / adhd if i tried . depression and anxiety for sure ... i work in customer service . i find that simple small talk with customers is fairly easy . just the basic hey , how are you , how are the kids , crazy weather . i can do this all day without breaking ... i suppose my love of all things science would see me as a nerd or geek , although i would call that more of an individual interest . socially i've had friends of all different types . in high school ... i used to be quite obsessive over technology . particularly cell phones . when i would hear a new word , i would spell it out in my mind using a cell phone dial pad and count up the number of times i ... i tend to like shepherd types of dogs . dogs that exhibit a large degree of loyalty and intelligence but also act very independently . i have a miniature australian shepherd . i went with a small breed ... i have to pause mid-speech and sort of translate my thoughts into social format . people say it looks like i'm grasping for the right words for a moment . i used to interject a dozen ummms into every ... i would say yes . my girlfriend gets on me all the time about this . for me it isn't that i dislike talking to her via text , i just hate having this constant line to the social world in my pocket from ... that's incredible . i often know people for weeks without having the slightest clue what their name is . xd this question often comes after i learn their personality type , views on string theory , ... the creatures that inhabited those tunnels knew themselves as the harem . although knew is a stretch , as they were a hive-minded species . harem workers spend their lives tending to farms of red ... i went to a large high school , where it was easy to get lost in the masses . i just watched from afar , did my schoolwork quietly , and put all that energy that i wasn't using trying to socialize into ... warning : content of head under extreme pressure . in case of social barrier leak ; try not to stare . roses are red , violets are blue . you are a female , let's procreate . perhaps because we look at ourselves and others in a very analytic way , and mbti is an analysis of human psychology . intps just understand people better through the logic of typology . we come here to ... kongos . these guys rock . i would wear that hoodie out proudly . i don't think that there is a problem with people labeling themselves . in fact , i think that most people who label themselves know themselves better than people ... what's to say that the nudity in reference has anything to do with sexuality ? i know both men and women who choose to walk around their homes naked simply because they feel more comfortable . myself ... let me tell you how that really works . i'm only lonely on the outside . be patient , i'm thinking about it ! thanks ha . yea i rewrite a lot . i try to avoid it , though . if i go back on a train of thought i tend to analyze the original idea and change it until i end up contradicting myself . but it's good to ... im glad you all understand . yesterday a lizardman tried to steal my tinfoil wizard hat at the supermarket while i was out buying a pound of flesh for satanmaster . then i looked in a mirror ... ... time is an incredible thing . the only thing that separates us from our own demise is the fact that we have the perception to experience the space that we live within in a linear fashion . does time ... i pause a lot while speaking . it just takes my brain a moment to reformat thought into something that can be expressed verbally . i still will always feel that i can't properly express my thoughts to ... my , my , a quote . isn't that original . if only infp could think of something with that dominant function ;) i can smell useful information from a mile away . sometimes you just need to caress the j . get down on it's level and give it what it needs . soon your pness will adjust to it's rigid lifestyle and you can start letting it slip through a little . then ... i built a coilgun . 9511995120 what is love ? everyone experiences it differently . just because i do not feel crippling mind pain that makes me want to throw giant teddy bears and four-course dinners at someone , doesn't mean i ... i was in a world with a lot of cliffs . there was a race of creatures that lived on one of the cliffs that would only recognize people based on the pants they were wearing . i had a friend ( not a ... i was in a world with a lot of cliffs . there was a race of creatures that lived on one of the cliffs that would only recognize people based on the pants they were wearing . i had a friend ( not a ... human inconsistency and fallibility isn't a problem . that is what interests me in psychology . five . one to screw in the light bulb , one to hold the ladder , and 3 more to discuss and build a functioning pair of night vision goggles . absolutely true here . i'm an intp who grew up in a highly religious family . i've read the bible , i went to sunday school , i was baptized and the whole thing . in my teens i started analyzing my ... i've always been the rational / intellect-oriented type . i do think i was a little more extroverted as a child though . my mother once described a time when i sat on the zookeepers chair at the zoo and ... i took 10 years of tae kwon do during most of my childhood . helped with balance and awareness a bunch . also reflexes . now i usually catch things before they hit the ground . i am of a similar belief . we humans are in control of our own actions and minds , and can bend them to be whatever it is that we please to be . even if it doesn't come naturally . being an intp , fe is ... no . i was raised in a very strong christian household , and told what it was that i had to believe in order to go to heaven . i tried to believe it . i went to church every sunday , and obeyed the ten ... i also tend to have angry outbursts when i'm mad , but i only do so when i'm alone . i keep it under control when i'm around others . usually just reverting to basic functions i . e driving a car , doing ... i do enjoy talking to people . but i have to feel like the person is also enjoying talking to me . i think that i find it easiest to talk to extroverts sometimes because they always seem so eager to ... when the first time you have a conversation at work , you discover that everyone thought you were mentally handicapped because of how quiet you are all the time . i need to convince myself that i am interested in the subjects i'm studying at school . maybe then i will stop procrastinating and spending my time on this website rather than doing my homework . '