' i don't understand why new people who have little knowledge think they are able to type themselves off what they think the cognitive functions are ? it takes ages to get a good handle on the ... i don't understand why new people who have little knowledge think they are able to type themselves off what they think the cognitive functions are ? it takes ages to get a good handle on the ... no . a friend who had studied a lot of mbti thought i was not an entj , maybe estj . um , nope . i'm def entj . a bunch of people don't neatly fit into there type necessarily ( eg . due to appearances ) ... that's funny , where as me i've woke up early in life where as i could've gone out a done a good job of becoming a manager already ( but completely haven't ) . i guess with my enjoyment of phil , a ... yep , he needs to stop with this depreciating of self , as a bunch of infp's seem to do to themselves . more on this soon ; sorry for delay making my new thread guys . it's a big one , and kinda tired last ... both of you , thank your for your great replies . come post on my next thread too stop being so modest ! ' have nothing to say , my answers suck , don't add anything ' then you go on to make lots of interesting points and discussion about the various topics / thoughts , sheesh . i look ... lol . i like you . i'll post the new thread in about 24/36 hours . you'll have to wait til then :P and i'll be making another post in this thread to talk to you more about the interesting stuff we ... guys i'm going to start a new thread . could you reply on there if it's to do with infp value , self doubt and direction specifically , and here we talk about all the other odds and ends ? :) cheers . ... well put . apply the different advice of bluntness and straight forwardness ; then don't overly worry to much about hurting them with how you come across . being an f you will naturally be far less ... following in the vein of some recent posts i've finally decided to get on with writing a post that's been on my mind for a while as i occasionally stalk pcafe . i am no scholar ( or infx ) , so please ... maybe she assumed you were offended because ... you acted like you were very offended ... : whoa : the first claim you make ( in your first reply ) where it appears you have taken offence ... excuse the intuitive slant on this topic . since i already started this controversial topic elsewhere ( very sorry if you read that horribly scrambled post ) , the fact that myself and a lot of others ... reserve hi guys , right . no idea how to start a bullshit thread about me , so here goes anyway .. ( ix92m a rather interesting ( no not snowflake ) case , so please read on and post something ! would appreciate ... you haven't had to deal with f's a whole lot have you ? heh . everything needing to be warped in 5 layers of blankets with a hot water bottle in there . the more immature the f the more blankets and ... your score from primary psychopathy has been calculated as 3.1 . primary psychopathy is the affective aspects of psychopathy ; a lack of empathy for other people and tolerance for antisocial ... i'm not an infp . sorry :P seems to me he is being serious and fairly honest the whole time . he is torn between his love for you and his will ; not to get hurt again / be in a relationship . as you ... i had an infj gf for 3 months . this is jsut some advice from my experiences , which may or may not all be very valid . here is why you can't read him : your trying to read him , while there is nothing ... i wonder if this feeling is particularly strong in entj's or if maybe 30 % of the population feels this way . i really detest limp dick hand shakes . good way to instantly drop down 10 levels in my ... yes i wana be able to respect your opinion , you as a person , you regarding banter ( banter back , call my sht , out do my banter ) . don't mean to be sexist , but not sure how else to put this . be ... if i insult you in a playful way i might very well like you . i'm a bit more of an immature entj , so take this with a grain of salt . i'd pay attention to you , at times talk energetically , ... deee .. scuss ps . i don't want to much criticism of the video . sure its not super air tight . but more discussion of the ideas / points in it , than ... i don't think fe is particularly correlated to loyalty if compared to the other functions . i may be wrong though . i am pretty dam loyal myself and i think other entj's are too lol . i was thinking as reading this thread . ' i don't even know what i would answer to this question ' . then i read efficiently navigating through traffic , making all the greens . so true ! ! ok , ... listen here young whipper snapper . some of us are still living on student money ( eg . fuck all ) . so 400 is a fair whack . got to restrain myself to a max of one a day . send me some of that big , later ... let me save you some time and excruciation . it's not so much to do with how she looks . more how she is talking , the sound and the arrogance . when she talks it sounds like she feels she is ... god she is annoying . some of the stuff she says is fine , but holy fuck . not at all , i was just joking . sorry . stop being so nice and pc lol . henceyou find youself an entj , and woo'lah , all problem's solved what a click bait . i just wanted to come in and say : no . one thing i like to do sometimes is just go ahead and ask people a few questions with the section your confused on , eg . t vs f . not so ... so true though . even if i'm having a shit time , and not in a good space , i still have really high standards , heh what's that in c ? don't you get really hot running no matter the temp ? this rings true . really make it obvious you are being serious you want it to stop . really obvious did i just kill this thread by posting on it ? : confused :: shocked : talk to me infp ladies and dudes . and i shall heap forth more praises and tibets for you to gobble up . is he aware how you feel about it ? discuss it and come to an arrangement on how to deal with it . i'm not going to beat around the bush or sugar coat . maybe there's a reason you feel / think you're making a huge generalization and you might just be somewhere wrong in your views . maybe if ... sounds nice . i had 2 softer siblings , then a younger entj sister . think that made me more argumentative hehe i like a lot of the dark stuff . i'm going to get back to you in a month or so ;) once i'm most the way through this $ 400 of beer also to all entj's , don't forget to squeeze just a little happiness ... just track a few down on here , chat a little to get them warmed up , then stalk that bitch irl ! find a powerful grappling gun and commandeer their spaceship . older of 3 . only 4.5 year spread . did all us first borns get more testosterone or something ? ? has there been studies done into this ? bring more infp's please sorry this isn't all eloquently done with excellent grammar but here we are anyway : i can't believe no one has mentioned entj's yet : shocked : i can't really speak for all entj's , but here's ... sweet , the guy in the review was going on as if it was the biggest fragrance explosion ever . it's weird to think it ' a liquid that dries in a few seconds then by some chemical process your hands ... interesting . they added fragrance according to the reviews . idiots lol i rock climb . tell me of this liquid chalk you speak of . * * just like to say , yes my grammar and sentence structure are shit . no i can't be fucked making a mini essay out of every comment . also , feelers , i'm not putting every comment in 5 layers of blankets ... stiletto could you give us an opinion on sophia 1 ' s comments , since you have experience in that situation . interesting thread . let me mention a couple ways you might be able to get more of an idea whether you lean to e or i , a bit of a different spin than what's been suggested so far . how do you feel ... that's good he's mature , should be sweet then . i think you'll still get a little annoyed with the rulez must be followed and general analness , but hopefully not too much . just been dealing with ... '