' no . i do not mind being around people . although i sometimes get the desire to spend a day or two alone . should this be the case , i ignore all of my incoming messages and cancel agreements if possible . when you start judging people by their attire , like : omg , this suit looks horrible ... it does not suit the guy , the pants are far too long and baggy , the jacket is at least 2 sizes too big and he ... dear istj or other ixxj , you are pissing me off . it has been a long time since someone managed to make my inner diva appear as often as you . nobody else managed to step on every of my landmines ... i personally think that introverts tend to visit such sessions more due to the fact that we think and brood more and in a broader way . for example , when i start thinking , i typically arrive at the ... microsoft is actually dropping win 8 and plans to develop a new os until next april ( or so i read somewhere ) . win 8 was total crap , so they want to improve . and remember - every second windows os ... 114826 good luck and enjoy your free time afterwards , tealfootball ! rant : i am getting sick of all this single-minded people bashing on the eu . it is certainly not perfect and bureaucratic , but it is ... this one ( to everyone who might want to listen to it , please forgive the awkward english of the japanese ... ) the phone would be always transported in a case , and since it is metal there would be no fingerprints anyways . however , looks are more important than it being actually practical * looks at his glass ... i do not really like that gray , it looks bad ( look the new htc m8 up , this is the phone i am talking about ) . the gold has a reddish tone . and it is not like it is easy to steal it from me , i am a bit ... this is something that you should figure out yourself , although it does not look like you will really get far . to be honest , it sounds as if she is trying to protect herself by distancing herself a ... rant : i can't decide on the colour of the new phone i want to get . gold , silver or gray . it is such a tough choice and i do not want to make the wrong decision for a device that i will be using for ... ... you point out that this thread has 100 pages tough question . it depends on how you define fantasizing . i am not sure whether i can create a whole new fantasy world out of nothing . however , i can easily continue stories created by others , ... engineers vs . business administrators :D looks like fun xd ... when i start getting into diva mode . which is happening more often lately . rant : bought the wrong light bulbs today , they are too big and do not fit into the lamp . now i have to drive all the way back to that one home improvement store because they are apparently the only ... getting stuff done late in the evening and chatting via skype . and enjoying my home-made banana milk shake ^ ^ i have a somewhat widespread taste . for one , i really enjoy classical music , especially from the baroque era , and opera . on the other hand , i am a big fan of modern japanese music . somehow i ... when you allow yourself to sleep till 11am . the regular customer who always drinks coffee and reads something on his tablet . i meant with the criteria belt , two rows of buttons , less than 200 € and dark colour if nothing else works , lower your standards me on the search for a new trenchcoat with the criteria belt , two rows of buttons , less than 200 € and dark colour . still looking for one . dear enfp mother , i am getting sick of the fact that you lack any feeling of obligation , especially towards your family . everyone wants to live how he wants , but finally realize that life is not ... stuff like this : 97898 jokes aside , i tend to get very emotional when i am watching something sad , for example a movie ( hachiko ) or think about sad things . it's wrath and envy for me . rave : the vacation in milan was awesome and i enjoyed the time with my friends rave : finally i have returned to my own bed and a stable internet ! welcome to the forums ! rant : the party turned out even more boring than expected . there were barely any interesting people besides the host and his gf ... rave : everyone liked my cake : 3 i agree with rawr_sheila - the current world is corrupted and should be purified . often i find myself asking why we just don't kill everyone . or at least stop with all that hypocrisy , like democracy ... while my friends are generally people that i get along well regardless of type , i tend to feel more comfortable among pushy feelers like enfp , esfp and enfj . they bring some fresh air and wild life ... i tend to remember faces better than names . when i had s smaller job , despite working there for quite some time i still managed to forget the names of some of my coworkers unless i had a closer bond ... you got : hairless flickr : 2716908 2 @n05 ... class sounds like you got some valuable experiences that weekend ! and even if you did not actually make many acquaintances , you at least know how it typically works . work in a company will be ... i completely agree with youngblood 41 . sex is for pleasure , not only reproduction , so it makes logically speaking no sense to stick to the romantic partner . being as detached from feelings as i am , i ... i wonder how class did this weekend . rant : my friends are rather forcefully trying to convince me to go on holidays with them , ignoring : a . ) my hate for the beach b . ) my hate for traveling c . ) the fact that 21 degree celsius is still ... and they will run , begging for mercy ... wasn't our natural love partner the esfp , if it matters ? ^ ^ and welcome to the forums :) sorry , i have a somewhat economical view on the world : tongue : another static day of my life passed . feeling ignored because a certain person suddenly stopped replying . probably chatting with his new girlfriend . damn those foolish couples in love . cocoa keep calm , they are just consumers with basic interests and needs . if it comes to a conversation , good topics are movies , culture , food / restaurants and literature . try avoiding politics , religion and ... people are not having fun ? : o favourite rule ( s ): the sock have to be a of a similar colour shade as your trousers . your shoes need to be the same colour as your trousers or darker . nope , i was never in a relationship . i have never developed such feelings for a person regardless of sexual interaction . the optimal amount of water for a person is around 2l . even if you do not feel thirsty , does not mean that your body is not dehydrated . scientific stuff like soda or energy drinks should not be ... pinion : hunger does not necessarily mean that you are hungry . it can also mean that you are dehydrated , and since people typically drink while eating , the body tells you that you are hungry . try ... sex is a consumer good to me and has nothing to do with feelings . it is there either for reproduction or pleasure . the first is a necessary process , the second does not differ much from a bar of ... sorry double for unexplainable reasons . these are basically things that i enjoy doing , and instead of wasting time staying at home after i grew bored of it , i would rather go instantly on such a trip . besides , i am like that too : ... '