' you clearly don't want to move there . don't . want it or don't do it . i have a similar background . avoidant / dismissive types tend not to pair up with other avoidant / dismissive types , but my parents did . if they had been young today , i don't think they would have had me . russian female acquaintance alyona : my ex-husband won't pay me child support ! he is abusive and never does anything to help me ! me : uh-huh . alyona : he just drinks and parties all the time ! how am i ... it does predispose one to instability , though other factors may alleviate the issue . for me , the issue is that i never really fall for anyone . bodies are bodies and oxytocin is produced upon touch ... aye . i don't attach , you don't attach , we're cool . get clingy and we're done . seems valid enough . touch is so overwhelmingly mine , i don't even notice the others much . the combination ... yes . mostly in terms of over - / underindulgence , difficulty finding physical balance . haven't ever cared about social status or groups , have found my way through life without them . for example to avoid ... no . i generally only expose myself to humans when i feel soft . buddha blues : know thyself and despair that is either intolerable incompetence or nefarious politicking . either way , i hope you find a way to handle him . reminds me of an ex-colleague who inspired me to go solo many moons ago . out of curiosity - how is this based on empathy ? note that i'm not necessarily defending iq tests , i just found the word empathy somewhat unusual in this context . curious to hear your reasoning . ... likewise . if i am guilty of ignoring the patch of road i am currently traversing , it is only because i am busy mapping out the next 100 miles . while i like sherlock , i always found him much too volatile . i find ivan karamazov in dostoevsky's the brothers karamazov quite relatable . not my son , but thanks . did someone introduce your son to scratch ? i'm somewhat involved in raising a 10 - year-old boy , likely an intp . early days of course . he's got a decent brain on him , learns quickly , is not into sports and likes gaming above all else . he ... 1 . jungian psychology is fuzzy and not falsifiable . 2 . mbti statistics likely aren't terribly accurate , outside the us in particular . 3 . no one knows how genetic or inheritable personality is . yes . i often follow through as well . not conducive to friendships , but you get to see the world . sounds like your attachment style is dismissive / avoidant . mine , too . i have found regular meditation to help with acceptance / equanimity , though not ( yet ? ) with my aversion for clinginess . by way of example ... i love reading , and sometimes my aphantasia trips me up . a good example is dan simmons ' hyperion . i love the ideas , i love the story arc , but because simmons ' language is so ... interesting . i can't draw , but i have done well as a photographer in amateur contests . i literally can't draw - my mind has no visuals to work with , and my hand has no clue what to do . somehow ... aphantasia : suggested name for a condition where one does not possess a functioning mind's eye and cannot visualize imagery . anyone here with aphantasia ? there's a quick test halfway through ... ironclad routine . diet , exercise , meditation , work , r & r all properly scheduled seven days a week , with meticulously prepared contingency plans for illness and other unforeseen events . i've found meditation / mindfulness helpful in assuming neutral intentions . by practicing regularly , i find it easier to let people be and do whatever they are / do . i still have very limited energy ... i'm not going to describe my exact system for privacy reasons , but i can describe the basic principles while using fabricated , but similar , examples . some details below are not how i actually do it , ... i've tried all sorts and concluded that i prefer vanilla ( though chocolate is nice , too ) . fwiw , the enfps i have met have come across as performance artists . they put on a show . it can be entertaining to watch , but they've been far too flighty to bother with beyond watching the ... probably easiest to join some online thing which includes personality types and afk meetups . some dating sites have personality tests and whatnot , although accuracy may be a problem . some personality ... seems more enneagram-related to me . some enneatypes ( 2s , 5s , especially 9s ) tend to repress while others tend to express (8 s , 4s , 7s , maybe 1s ? ) . i recall someone asking something very similar over at the infj board a while back , mentioning the same cities unless i'm mistaken . define world and better . there is no way for us to answer such a question objectively . subjectively from the pov of mankind and most human individuals , existence is preferable to ... fine . unhealthy infjs tend to go numb ( ti over fe ) . unhealthy intjs tend to get emotional ( fi over te ) . mostly though , not enough information . it's a lot of effort to pull on that sheepskin every morning . not to mention trying to remember ... what would someone with aphantasia experience during a dmt trip ? depends on country , context , language and my mood . an island in indonesia . i was blind , but now i can see . ( after re-uploading it . ) perfectly normal . i can go months without having anything to share . i am very up front about it and will tell new acquaintances that i am strongly introverted and often disappear for weeks / months ... not an infj , but 37 years and counting - haven't said it yet . i should think that different enneatypes come across as quite different even when they have a shared mb type . different instincts , too . some people just won't stfu . lost my temper yesterday and told an extroverted now ex-friend to hightail it out of my life . i get it that she's sad after her latest breakup , but there's only so much ... my kobo displays [ current page ] / [ total pages ] , my old kindle displayed percentage of pages read . if i'm interested enough to pay it any attention , i'm more likely to analyse the robber's personality and life to see if i can find any patterns . or in the case of the recent trouble in europe , see ... true . anything very graphic is better on paper , including comics . can't think of any . quite a few entjs , of course . the topic of physical books vs . e-books came up in a different thread . i didn't want to derail that thread , so i decided to create a new thread dedicated to reading books . i'll make the case that ... no idea . hence why e-ink e-readers ( as opposed to tablets ) are so good . the wi-fi only internet connection in my kobo aura is so shitty , i've never used it . it stays off 24/7 . any new books i want to read i ... i used to hoard books . then i bought my first e-book reader , and haven't looked back . reading is so much easier on my eyes , now i can read non-stop 24/7 . not to mention any book i want to read is ... i keep to myself . '