' you use all functions , all the time . they are more like perspectives or lenses to view everything , not tools in a tool box . you are using your brain thoughts , good sir . take breaks if you feel ... of course you don't change . it's more like , you choose not to wear green , so the people at the party devalue what you have to say , rationalize violence against non-green shirted people in your ... lisa is pretty inconsistent ( well , obviously over 23 years , but even within a smaller classic simpson range ) but her defining feature to me has always been her moral crusades . it's why i would pick ... indeed . i was trying to exaggerate to illustrate my point . types don't exist in a vacuum , and they are labels to describe trends in cognition . that can lead to similar behaviors , but behaviors ... since it's about personality , which is impossible to distinguish what is unique and what it common to many people , you are bound to relate to a good bit of it . it's like , you know you are infp ... the bit you said about feminism being a dirty word can't be stated enough . it's a diversion tactic , and no more . feminism is not at opposition with men's rights . feminism is not about women ... i understand the negative stigmas associated with feminism . i think they are misguided and , moreover , don't apply to me . just because i choose a label i feel describes a small part of my social ... of course , the feminist movement is hardly a centralized group , but complex and nuanced as any . feminist organizations were recently responsible for the rape is rape campaign , in which their goal ... nobody knows . try it . if you can afford it and you feel better , then great . it won't hurt you to go gf . i've got an app on my phone to play text adventures , and i've really enjoyed playing them . i'm looking for some recommendations for good beginner friendly games . i've played the zork trilogy , but the ... it's awkward to try to not be awkward when you are . be awkward , because then it becomes quirky . the only difference between the two is confidence . the gendered advertising remixer | a media literacy web application i had a lot of fun with this . take short commercials and swap the audio and video of different commercials aimed at boys and ... i am a feminist . it's a movement like any other , with many individuals with many views . as with any group , the loudest never tend to be the smartest . beware of straw feminism , extremists , and ... boy , i'm sure glad they never made a spin off series of this show with the kids as 11 year olds that act like high schoolers . i bet it would be really lame and completely get rid of the imagination ... what do you think ? first impressions : steve : estp matt : entp andrew : infp i sometimes have something like lucid dreams , but don't realize i'm dreaming . i'm semi-lucid in the sense that i feel like i'm awake , thinking , and acting , but it's all a dream . it sounds like ^ ^ ... i have sleep paralysis occasionally . i virtually never have nightmares , and haven't had a scary occurance of sleep paralysis . i've always been aware i was dreaming , and that it would pass soon ... logically inclined infps and emotionally aware intps often find the stereotypes associated with the types confusing and unhelpful . he was extremely extremely passionate about what he joked about . he was a cynical idealist is there ever was one . he was personally invested in his routines . enfp makes the most sense . i don't think it has to do with self awareness . i think it has to do with a combination of the tendency of enfps to relate to people ( meaning they relate and empathize to many of the types as ... xd ! this is all very typical enfp . in fact , i'm just going to assume anyone confused about their type is enfp from now on . am i entp or entj ? enfp . :P colbert is hard because he is always in character . i think he's in ? p to be honest ( but maybe biased ) . colbert out of character : ... i couldn't date an extravert . generally speaking , anyway . i am very low energy , and need a lot of time doing low key activities . just within friendships i feel overwhelmed by extraverts and i make ... imy experience , inp types usually know they are introverted . the confusion comes in with stereotypes . inps who come out of their shells in certain situations think oh , i'm extrvertes sometimes and ... i would test intp or infj . the tests use behaviors to try to illustrate cognition ; therefore , they aren't good for much other than giving you a starting point to finding your type . i recommend either reading works or watching lectures from sam harris , if you haven't yet . he talks a great deal about spirituality without god . i tend to imagine people as their avatars . i unconsciously give posts a ' voice ' that seems to come from the picture . i like it better that way than assuming it's something as boring as a bunch of ... working is inconvenient , but so is starving . i'm not creative enough to find another solution at the moment . c'est la vie . i'm trying to get through schooling , which i have no faith will help my ... i'd also consider infj . i've met people who i thought gave an infp vibe , but usually it was projection on my part . after interaction , they didn't necessarily give me the same impression that i thought at first . i think that ... socionics and mbti are different systems . infps usually fit into either infp or infj in the socionics system . anyways , tests only give a good starting point . usually you'll find your type in one ... illogical emotions bother me too . actually , i dealt dislike when my emotions sway my thinking . a lot of that has to do with i'm very sensitive to my inner workings . something like pms , for instance , ... i don't think it's as simple as your question . for instance , i am most definitely a fidom . however , i think that logic and intelligence are very important and value them highly . in your scenarios , i ... i disagree with black and white morality . i think that has more to do with willingness to think out reasons and implications for actions , and is not type related . also , one of the stereotypes of ifp ... definitely not female ... [ / cramping ] this is how i understand it , and i'll compare to my intp boyfriend ( so , two anecdotal experiences , take what you will from it ): i can't separate my feelings from the world around me . i think this ... i love the different thoughts , feelings , and sensations that drugs can offer . i love experiementing with my consciousness . i don't do much these days , though . i drink and use caffeine , that's ... i think rose was esfp . she always had to jump into situations and was very hands on . i think this exhibits a reliance on se . martha was istj i think . she had a strong sense of duty , especially ... i'd love to know the reasoning behind this one . my boyfriend and i cohabit . marriage isn't off the table , but it would be for the legal benefits . it wouldn't change our relationship , so we aren't in a hurry to bring in contracts . kids are a ... i used to have a fear of public speaking , but i got over it somehow . it was like something clicked in my head and it didn't bother me as much anymore . i like being on stage . it's a thrill , and an ... feel free . i'd feel good knowing someone thought enough of something i said i think it's more common for enfps to mistype as infps than vice versa . ( i also agree that infps frequently mistype as intps ) it's about stereotypes . no one fits any type perfectly , obviously , and ... if med school is your thing , it's not too late if you have the drive . an upward trend in grades is a good thing , and you'll have your chance to explain how you've decided to pull yourself out of a ... i just want people to share their stories of times you were given just wrong information in school , or otherwise felt treated below your comprehension level . what i'm getting at , is i hate having ... i still remember these gems from 11th grade : ( just picture a blonde airhead saying these ) wait ! if a cow has to be pregnant to give milk , then how do we get milk from boy cows ? i don't think ... a few years later ... so , how about that student loan bubble bursting ? corner > adjacent corner > adjacent corner > win . at least if o plays middle square , and many people do . if o plays corner , above still can work , if o plays middle side then tie game . lol , ... '