' ill pay someone for the notes and / or cram the text book or powerpoints . hate lecture . i am an istp and this is why i prefer microwaveable steamed bags of frozen vegetables . i dont feel like clicking play but i like some owl city songs . makes me feel gay . try it naked . it makes things more interesting . you just described what would be in the dictionary next to my name . in every psychology class i ever had ... and a family science class , and an education class , a human development class ... the list goes on :d ry : i think its okay though . the hierarchy i do find ... on a scale of 0-10 , 1 and thats in dire situations . on a regular basis i am rather phlegmatic . if he dont want to talk he dont want to talk . : laughing : so you tried to pretend nothing happened the next day ? i do that to people but usually after a good amt of time elapsed . i never saw it . i have an aversion to old movies . ugh ! sometimes i hate having friends . i found myself hiding in my room last night with the lights off since i didn't want to go out with my friend even though i told her i would . some people expect ... im an awful friend . i always act like i am going out with my friend up until the last 10 minutes before . sometimes people just dont understand that i dont want to be bothered ! same . i have chunks missing out of my life : laughing : good answer ! even better ! straight to the point ! generally anything except personal things about myself [ b / c its nobody's business ] and personal things about other people [ b / c i cant pretend to care ] . more specifically a dash of social issues , hot ... i work with younger kids ... im learning and working on it :d ry : im pretty sure id have a panic attack . im afraid of heights . the thrill seeking aspect of istp's do not apply to me :d ry : im so fucking lovable ! who would ever hate me ? ! : tongue : i dont deal with people enough for them to hate me . if they hate me i don't know nor do i care . i had that same issue my last 2 years of high school . lucky for me i only went to school every other day for my last year . still dealing with the same thing in college . its not that its a lot shit is ... dont judge me :d ry : not at all . i suck when it comes to building shit and putting stuff together physically . i want to drop out . i hate this shit . i have no fucks to give about the stuff i am suppose to be learning about * sigh * its torture ! people suck . yes . i hate you all . :d ry : if you really feel the need to have a friend though , try one of those meetup.com interest groups . or try perusing through craigslist personals and hope you ... how romantical and dreamy * sigh * : laughing : those words aren't in my vernacular . cant fix my mouth to do it . makes me uncomfortable . * quivers * someone text me and asked if i was home and i said yes w / o thinking ... they asked if i wanted to go out ... i didnt respond b / c i didnt want to hang out with him . a day went by and i am going to have ... say no to drugs kids : laughing : this thread is so cute im tickled by the serious answers in this thread . im also bored . so bored that ill respond . im at a point where ill allow people to be ignorant / stupid on their own will . speaking up requires too much effort and i am generally accepting of the fact that everyone don't know how to properly ... a racist : laughing : i thought it asked what type of women like you . ive never been hit on by a transexual although ive been complimented by a few .  youuu areee what's a personalicist ? figments of my imagination unless we develop an e-lationship . : laughing : wtf ? * sigh * ill take the shot . im too wittle though . id die ! * temped to choose shot in the gut b / c im into that just b / c * i cant help it but laugh at other people's awkwardness humors me . i think its hilarious how he tried to offer an explanation afterwards . i wish i knew ... it rains and never stops and you drown . i wish i had a cheese burger with the works right now . i have hormones that i dont want right now :d ry : the verve bittersweet symphony ' cause it's a bittersweet symphony , this life trying to make ends meet you're a slave to money then you die i'll take you down the only road i've ever been down ... women with vaginas . my orig . answer was stolen : laughing : ha ! i didnt click this thread . i tapped my touchpad . goo goo dolls marathon !  ... well i didnt work last semester and this semester i have been limiting unnecessary shopping , working , doing odd jobs , and saving ... only because i know i have an extra semester to tact on that i ... ohhh who lives in a pineapple under the sea ? ! mechanical shit ? what's that ? lion king ! damn that mufasa : crying : first movie i cried to . i believe i was 4 . first time i ever went to the movies . help ! somebody ... [ echoes ] anybody ... [ defeated echoes ] : sad : i believe i ... '