' when you have no problem getting up in the middleof the night because you know it is x amount of steps to the kitchen and y amount of steps to the bathroom . statistically speaking we need to par up based on age and location . go . tennessee , usa 23 be careful ... i had a set image of what i wanted in a relationship . every metaphorical delight was on a check list ( because i'm a t ) . but what happen , because i thought i was ready and was wanting a ... if i've ever felt love it is for this stream of posts . ps let's keep the planet and ship off , although they are the majority , the s's to another planet after the ns make their transportation . i believe the negative feedback from being ourselves inclines us to go the easier route of analyzing the person we are talking to and regurgitate their manarisms to make them feel more comfortable . adam is most definantly an enfp with a background in physics . the are drones outside your house right now , watching you , because of this statement . intjs only let one or two ever reach the gooey center , the rest have miles of bobwire over an icy tundra . i agree that the es are more emotionally expressional and the ps are more aware of the ... somehow i got a negative score on fi and fe so i'm almost as much as a thinker as you . all i can say is if there is a zombie outbrake i will be in heaven . btw if you come up with the zombie virus ... totally agree with this . if you get past the first line of defence you can start talking to them about spirituality . i would say 8 but it is most always passive aggressive . its ok , i try to look past simple spelling errors to get to the main point . no judgement ; however , i don't know if you're blinded by it or not . no i hate when people write or talk like that . i skimmed it over and typed the first thing that came to mind.haha feelings ... i hate you . text is the most efficiant way to find out what someone wants and think it over without the awkwardness of a phone call . but first . have a general plan of what you want to do and why you want to ... waht do you look for ? what could an intj do to get your attention ? what would be the best conversation topic or one liner that will click for you ? what do enfp's find attractive in an ... according to your questionnaire responses , your attachment-related anxiety score is 3.00 , on a scale ranging from 1 ( low anxiety ) to 7 ( high anxiety ) . your attachment-related avoidance score is 3.69 , ... looks like an intj because he doesn't get asked about his personality a lot . intp's are usually called out quicker about being different then intj's . i live in tennessee and it's fine for me . no naighbores , lots of stupid people to make fun of , and i can blow shit up and no one cares . i only feel lonely when there are no n's to talk to . intj . a realy opinionated intj infp-stop crying and put the knife down , trust me no one wants to see this as much as i do . and don't worry , you can sleep with the esfp , that will make you happy but not for long . get out of there ... part 1 of 3 unedited ( don't press me on my grammar or spelling . this was sporadic writing after a family vacation ) what thread would be interested in this ? a hedge hog in a hat , or something to ... ( platonic or not ) what do you think would be some of the problems with an intj and infj relationship ? where could you build on each others ideas and ways of thinking ? what could make for ... psychology says the reason we have friends is for the use they bring to us . if they loose their function they are less likely to continue being friends . that being said , i have friends i recruit ... no don't do it . i did it and it was a mistake . they are good at listening but when you ask them do you understand ? they say no but finish your story . it wasn't a story , it was an idea ... please do point out intj flows and show where istj comes out on top . however , do note that we will pick and prod at the statements and will , most likely , say something either condescending , hurtful , ... ex . the earth is round . behead him ! ! ! ex . we are not the center of the universe . the moon revolves around us and we revolve around the sun . satan ! ! ! he's satan ! behead him ! and i shall have my hand raised three days after last tuesday waiting for your cheery approval by clash of hands . this is commonly what i have found about the general population . whats the point of history if no one will apply it to the future . it's said it will be or is but i rarely see it , never see it in its ... i wrote it . i thought it was funny . i thought you guys would find it funny so there you go . usually i sit and think a lot , and when i don't think i think of thought . sometimes i feel like i must think but then i think of how i feel and suddenly i feel to think and return to thought . i think ... shenanigans ! i do the same things and often wonder if i'm messed up but then i realize why i don't care about anyone and go on with life . i don't even enjoy social encounters with my own family . and i hate ... so would five minute ago be solid enough for you ? what if five minutes ago could have been changed by something ten minutes ago ? im an intj with a few infj friends . i went on a night walk with one of my infj and infp friends and it turned out an epic experience . we walked 11 miles to the infj's soon to be girlfriends ' ... i'm the same for the most part but indefinitely more outgoing and opinionated . my ni turns into an ne and my ' i ' turns into a little less ' i . ' take over the world . i judge others when i have found substantial proof that i can , in fact , judge them . being that , my substantial proof could merely be that i'm increasingly more knowledgeable then they , i judge a lot ... figuring out how to use this website efficiently . i say ' he ' because i'm a ' he ' metaphorically talking about a ' she ' . what do you see in enfps ? a good conversation awaiting , waiting for them to calm down for a minute so i can get a word in . high ... what istj's say that contradicts the way intj's think . when the inevitable circumstance happens where an intj is forced into having a conversation with an istj , what are some of the most common ... usually say something hurtful then realizes it later but doesn't find a need for apologizing . when someone mentions the word zombie and you begin to lay out your 37 part plan involving but not limiting the people you are talking to and what exactly they will be do along with what you would do ... in a conversation , when trying to persuade someone that their information is wrong or trying to explain a better way of doing something , they constantly try to beat around the bush and digress to ... no plan survives its collision with reality . - susan scott ( unless it was completely planned out with no room for error and help was watched carefully by the omni-present scientist eye . ) it seems pretty apparent that you are a f through and through so unless you are trying to put on a mask to fool people you think might hurt you or take advantage of you it might be a good idea to ... i'm an intj looking for conformation to my ideas and ways of thinking . i've had a lot of experience with the mbti ; i test people i meet to see if they are worth talking to or associating with . i've ... a conversation with an enfp always results in awesome . internal energy . '