' more examples 135 tritype dexter morgan of the tv show dexter ( istj ) 137 tritype tritype 145 - the people of this type are very hard on themselves . the 1 has a disintegration line to 4 , and the 4 has an integration line to 1 so you have someone who may purposefully put themselves ... - disappears from peoples ' lives for ridiculously long periods of time only to reappear randomly like nothing happened ... ✔ - real feelings hidden and protected ... ✔ - notoriously private ... i'm feeling overwhelmed by the demands of the world . : sad : 2 - fatal attraction 3 - wolf of wall street , labyrinth , basic instinct 4 - edward scissorhands , dead poets society , amelie poulain , in the mood for love , the phantom of the opera , into the wild 5 ... i don't see it the way you see it . just look at his stage name marilyn manson : he chose that name because marilyn monroe and charles manson represented the best and the worst of society , the ... when you finally watch donnie darko , who is infj , you'll find that he socializes quite a bit despite being 458 . many of the examples i listed of 458 happen to be intjs , but the ones who are infj are ... i appreciate you taking the time to share your personal story and how it relates to brando's life . i suppose his sx instinct definitely had a lot to do with those bouts of destruction / rage . i'm a ... rohan 89 mistakenforstranger forgot to mention the fictional 458 tritype examples i included which are rust cohle of the tv show true detective , hannibal lecter of the tv show hannibal , tommy ... the charm has more to do with him being an infj 4w5 sx / so and the multiple kids thing is because he was a self-proclaimed sex addict which is what happens when an unhealthy inxj becomes stuck in ... fictional examples 136 tritype walter white in the tv show breaking bad ( intj ) 458 tritype the staff never gave me a warning because they didn't find anything wrong with the post . hence nothing out of line . i don't understand this supposed moral crusade of yours . you didn't seem fazed ... if you have a problem with people indirectly insulting other people , i think it's time to reconsider who you form alliances with . are these not ( in ) direct insults intended to debase a person and ... my brother's projection was a defense mechanism towards his fear and doubt . i didn't say he was a jerk therefore he's 6 , that's your overreacted perception to my personal experience with my ... i am discussing both types defense mechanisms towards their basic fear . the 6 ' s defense mechanism is projection . the 5 ' s defense mechanism is isolation . if your perception of the 6 ' s mechanism sounds ... i agree with psyche insights . she's pretty spot-on . as i share the 459 tritype , i'll provide some examples . as psyche described , the 5 in the 459 handles fear by internalizing it , and the 6 ... it's my birthday today , so i picked an apt song for an apt day . ( i love you nick cave ) haha . saul goodman , the quintessential 3w2 . though the way he goes about self-promotion and cutting corners to get ahead in the better call saul tv show actually amuses me . though i don't really ... the reason any person asks for sources is simply for irrefutable proof . for example , i could look at this statement and claim that because there's no visual or written proof provided by you of this ... i found this on tumblr . it gave me quite a laugh so i thought i'd share . an infj trying to dance our expectation : ... different types lie , yes , this is true . but the point you seem to be missing is not the action of lying itself that determines whether someone is a 3 . it is the motivation behind the lie . the ... i'm discussing core types . why are counter-types suddenly relevant to the discussion at hand ? what does counter-type have to do with animal or marilyn manson's type in the argument i just outlined ? ... leonard cohen : i don't feel any compulsion just to stand under the spotlight night after night or year after year unless i have something to say or something new to disclose about my own work . i would love sources for the enneagram literature you speak of . from my research , 3s only become modest when they reach the highest health level ( integration ) . at average to low levels , they engage ... animal again , not the point . type 5 artists make their art and release it . they are temporarily seen when releasing their art into the world , yes . what makes a 3 different is that they don't just ... actually , i said 5s don't want to be seen , not 4w5s . 4w5s have more in common with 5ish concerns ( dislike being seen , dislike promoting oneself ) than with 3ish concerns ( promoting one's image ) . that ... no one said you don't look 4 so i don't know why that was brought up . there's a difference between the kind of behavior a 4w3 engages in an online setting compared to the behaviors of a 4w5 . 3s ... i don't see where the 5 wing is portrayed in your personal photos . if anything , the fact that you couldn't make a post about considering another type without promoting it with a photo of yourself is ... i believe pj harvey was brought up earlier by a member and i have to agree that she's another 4 . my conclusions on her type are isfp 4w5 sx / sp ( 468 tritype ) . she recently posted this selfie in her ...  sweetness , sweetness , i was only joking when i said i'd like to smash every tooth in your head . sweetness , sweetness , i was only joking when i said by rights you should be bludgeoned in your ... after reviewing these quotes , i'd say she's inxj 5w4 : ... wow , that's cool . i didn't know she typed herself ! i know a lot of people prefer noomi rapace as lisbeth salander , but rooney was my favorite version of lisbeth and i'm sad that there isn't going ... i'm gonna be honest here about my experiences with infps . when i was a teenager , one of my few friends was an infp . i was mostly a loner and she didn't have many friends herself and that's how we ... it's interesting ( and telling ) that you chose the word petty to describe yourself . riso hudson and tom condon use petty as one of the many defining traits of type 6 . riso hudson on sixes : ... : shocked : wow . did your magic ni prognosticate the future ? haha . i'm just imagining you casually ignoring a crying child . i got 80 ( below average ) .  i'm glad you're finally typing as your actual type now because i don't think anyone except you and your partner were believing that infj 9 spiel . yep , i found an infj quote for that on pinterest . here it is . when other people are trying to push your buttons , trying to get a rise or reaction out of you , but you've got your zen-face on . ... quietly wishing i could be as fierce as maria callas . joined pinterest recently and came across some of those infj quotes that klaro 26 posts in this thread . i'm loving these ! : laughing : ... hello ! sorry for the late reply . kate bush is an infp who gets mistaken for infj a lot . i know that kate leads with social instinct which can , at least superficially , look like fe , but when you ... recently i've been reading up on jung's theory of the dual personality ( not to be confused with the psychiatric condition did ) based on his observations of his own personality as well as his ... mimesis this post is long overdue , i apologize for that . though i've certainly had a long time to ponder over the factors of this discussion and comparing it to the information i've collected . my ... but whatever lies behind the door there is nothing much to do angel or devil , i don't care for , in front of that door there is you lana del rey is a perfect example of a type 4 dandy . type 4 people are often separated into two categories : the bohemians and the dandies . mimesis is the one who showed me the differences between ... oh , klaus : love_heart : '