' sam cooke a change is gonna come i can't stand the mainstream western feminist movement . i agree with the basic premise that all females should be granted equal rights to any man in every possible aspect of life and pursuits , but i ... haven't posted on here a long time . got my name changes from araya to zegaray . a bit tipsy eating ramen noodles while watching a dangerous method . thanks for the name change ! i didn't know it was changed for a while and was trying to log in using my old name , lol . i was inquiring if i could change my name to zegaray if the mods don't mind . it's times like this that i don't know wehter to cry , brake things , or hurt myself . i feel too emotional today , i'm always alone . lol , at my brother trying to outsmart me . i need a drink badly . i want to pack up and move ... forever . i always thought that there should be another thread on stream of consciousness / vent thread . like stream of consciousness / vent thread 2.0 or stream of consciousness / vent thread vol . 2 or something . ... i had some saki a little while ago . didn't even get buzzed . * sadphace * i think next time i need to warm it up to get any benefit out of it . nope . i do not . northern hemisphere all the way . woke up late which was 8am . went online and lurked up some of the forums i frequent . checked youtube and my email to see any updates . went to a dinner for a few hours , had a late lunch and read the ... aah ! my online banking account blocked me out for forgetting my security pass code login thingy . now i'm going to have to drive all the way up to the nearest gas station to use the atm there and see ... i would be a teacher at the k - 12 level if my real career aspirations fail . i would rather be a college professor is i had to teach tho . hello fellow infp , join the club ! i hope you feel welcome . drinking bacardi and coke watching ncis on tv . i want to change the channel to something else ... i agree completely . school is what you make of it and how you spend your time while in school . college / university isn't for everyone , but they're different forms of schools like trade schools , and ... they don't have minors where you live ? what country are you from ? here we have majors and minors , or a double major or double minor if you want to . when i transfer i'm going to major in political ... met up with a friend yesterday who i haven't seen in a few months . it was hard talking to her since we seem to be going in different directions in life . i wanted to discuss deep intellectual topics ... i wanted to learn french in specific because i always wanted to work in and live in europe when i finish school and french would be the best suiting due to ingos and the un being in geneva ( the ... thanks for your experience ! it makes me more excited to transfer , lol . i heard living in the place you are studying the language , makes it much easier to learn . it's always a good thing to learn ... i am going to transfer next year to another college were i will major in political science . i was thinking of a language minor , and was wondering if it would be a good pairing with political science ... just finished off my bottle of blackberry flavored merlot . i'm dreading the thought about studying more for my math class tomorrow and finishing up my final research paper that is due online by ... gawd , i need some friends and a bf . my life is pretty bland at the moment . no social whatsoever . * goes back to my alcoholic beverage of the afternoon / eveing and sulks * - _ - i promise not to internet stalk ! ... for the time being . i'm too nosey not to , lol . i'm not a phone person either . i hate long chats and don't know what to say . i try to be quick and to the point most of the time when i have to speak on the phone . i love foreign films . i don't watch nearly as i would like though . hopefully that will change . never been called cute , but i have been called innocent by one of my cousins . it changed every year . it went from actor , singer , astronomer , writer , police officer , fbi , cia . when i was a teen it was either in a career that travels for a living or interior design . i wish my brother would turn his jpop music while i'm trying to listen to frou frou . i'm on a simpsons binge . i agree op . i have horrible anxiety and i am now seeing an anxiety specialist . she recommended me some anti anxiety meds that also helps with depression . i have an appointment for my dr . about it ... nothing too drastic , i wish i was either born in 1979/80 or 1987 . i was born 1990 so it's not too far off . i just wish that i was old enough to appreciate and experience more of the 90s . i only ... oops ! didn't know there already was a thread like this . thanks for the link . i will look into it ! i would probably be 16 or 17 . people think i'm in high school and i get carded everywhere . i have the maturity of a 16 year old too . i always wanted to go to one , but the closest one to where i live is about an hours drive away . one do though , lol . it looks like fun ! sounds nice and relaxing . i love those moments of being ... i was wondering what makes a good hangout spot for infps when out in public ? do you have any good hangouts that you frequent , and what are they ? i usually go alone to either a library , cafe , or a ... at the movies , no . i am very quiet and never talk . i do get a bit annoyed when i hear other people talk during a movie at the thearters . at home is another story . i talk a lot and my little brother ... yes . by family , schoolmates , teachers , etc . i never dated in my life . i always pick on myself , and have obvious self esteem problems . this used to cause a lot of people to not want to hang around me in high school . it's not so apparent these days and i keep it to ... i can understand what the op means . this past week as been a perfect example of it . on monday when i was preparing to take the bus into town for a meeting with my psychiatrist , a women walked up to ... i could never have casual sex . it goes against my personal morals and comfort level . i'm one of those people that needs to really love the person i decide to sleep with , if there's no deeper ... bombed an interview for a position at school yesterday . it was one of the most embarrassing feelings ive encountered in all of my interview experiences . girls with fake valley girl voices are ... awakenings , but only half way through the movie . the last movie i saw in it's entirety was young goethe in love . i'm surprised at al the good math infps there are . i'm shitty at it and always have been . even now i'm having math problems that are conflicting with graduating school at the time i wanted . i wish i ... i picked both wish both my mother and father were different and others i will repeat this from another thread i posted in a few months ago regarding my parents . my mom is a very opinionated ... ive been called this a few times online . i keep to myself most of the time irl , so most people don't know how i really am . even though i am weird , i get a bit offended when someone points it out to ... the people i am referring are not willing to do much with their lives and i say that they seem unmotivated to me . it is what it is . i think most of my friends went their sepereate ways in life , and i ... i just noticed that where i live , there's a lot of people i knew from hs that aren't doing much with themselves these days . although a lot went off to college ( and have since graduated this june ) ... '