deleted some people have begun tagging music with personality types , including infp . we should help build up the tag on our accounts in order to create an infp radio and share music ideas with other ... does anyone else not relate to the descriptions of fi that claim that fi-doms see the world as a grand struggle between right and wrong ? i've never felt this way . when i was more immature , i ... can i jump in on this ? i don't like defining my relationships with other people . it seems so superficial and it comes with the expectations of others that i don't want to deal with . for example , ... those faces are part of the reason i do it . but mostly i do it because i'm feeling particular affection at that moment , y'know ? maybe . there's someone i know who i suspect is isfp and some ... she makes awkward faces , haha . yeah , i definitely enjoy being able to be a room with a person and have a connection and be silent at the same time . it's like - - there are a lot of people i ... haha , i do the awkward heart-felt praise thing too . i love the isfps i know . the one i'm sure of and that i'm closest to , my cousin , is so great . we can sit in a room all day and not talk , just ... my fi wants to know people extremely deeply , including myself , but also the people i care about . it makes me notice small things about those i like a lot . and it reacts strongly to new situations in ... hey , after discussion in the last thread , we came up with a way to differentiate between inferior and primary se and si to see if that affects the results . so please vote ! thanks a lot :) i'm surprised at the response to this thread ! thanks for all the answers . i'll post this right away :) this is just a theory i want to test . an isfp i know was able to name everyone's eye color , spontaneously , while we weren't looking at him , even though some us ( including me ) have only known him ... oh , yes , especially if i'm intending to make others laugh . but a lot of the times it might be a reference to a movie i know the others haven't seen and such , and i just amuse myself by pointing out ... * when i don't cry . basically ever . unless i'm completely overwhelmed with stress * when i hate being late * when i like being neat and organized . problem is , i can't maintain it . * when i ... i enjoy anything with multiple meanings , even if i'm the only who gets it . i don't even bother explaining it sometimes . i just enjoy saying things that could mean many things - the more meanings , the ... i wanted to address this whole thing because this exact situation has happened to me more than once . i've found it's just not worth going through the pain and effort and crying for someone who is ... another one ! hi noicha :D <--- i'm also infp . as you've seen there are tons of us here , so you will feel right at home . i liked the video ! i've been wanting to see another infp do one and it was fun to watch . i love attempting to understand other people and it's fun when i actually do for the most part , haha . i ... i can relate to this a lot . it makes me so , so sad to see people who have so much potential and don't realize it , or waste it . or even try to be someone else . and i know my pushing helps sometimes ... it sounds to me like you're an intp whose functions are able to imitate fi through development , if you go by mbti alone . other theories say you can access all 8 functions and that you could have ... oh , i'm happy for you and slightly jealous ! i'd love for an enfj to choose me . : 3 my enfj friend is such a genuine , upright citizen , doing amazing charitable projects and getting along with all the teachers , haha . he's very interested in making the world a better place and ... haha you entps amuse me . that honestly sounds like fun to me , but it's not in my nature to do it . however , i think that you cannot be surprised when someone acts negatively to this once in awhile ... hmm ... so you're saying you would ask very personal questions ? i think i know why an fi would respond unpredictably to this action in particular . the fi would find the question an interesting ... i definitely recognize that behavior , but i've always found it amusing more than anything . i usually laugh , and then say something strange in return . this is usually when i bring out my own game and ... oh my gosh , why did my video look like that ? it certainly didn't from my side ! when you told me the video looked weird , i didn't realize it was that bad . sorry about the technical errors everyone ! i ... your fi-dom friends seem fragile to the extreme ! i know i am not as sensitive as many in the forums , but i feel like the infps i know around me are stronger than that as well . it'd be interesting to ... no , no , no , no . i'm not at all blaming the entp for his misunderstanding ! i don't think that's what adasta was trying to say either . i forgive him . it's just that the fe vs . fi is definitely a ... yes , yes , thank you . this puts into words the issues i've had between me and a good entp friend of mine . we find each other rather fascinating and interesting and i love comparing views on things - ... sorry for the double post , i didn't see these questions : nope . but i have a good friend who's istj ... maybe i can drag him into it . let me see if i can explain it . i touched on it in ... so i got around to watching this and it was fantastic . i understand ni so much more now , the box metaphor was brilliant . i can definitely relate to the ne comparison . sometimes i feel like getting ... does that mean you'd like me to pair you up ? wanna do one ? :) ok , yay ! and then i shall create a thread soon with instructions and links . maybe a mod will sticky it ? : o a couple notes / ideas : 1 . if i've already matched you and you want to be matched again , please let me know so i can match you with other interested parties ! i'm assuming that you don't want to be ... i definitely enjoyed making the video ! you were really interesting to talk to . i was a bit anxious i wasn't doing a good job or that i wasn't explaining things very well ... as everyone can see , when ... i have an entp friend i've known forever , we're very close . i can handle the bluntness and everything - i think he's a reason i'm not as sensitive as other infp on the forums . i also truly appreciate ... i miss the relationship , but not the boy . slightly derailing the thread , i made this video with pneumoceptor ( there are four parts ): something i kind of noticed but couldn't really put into words during that video was that she kept saying relationships were external things for her , while for me deep relationships are more ... thanks for the perspective guys ... there's a lot i didn't know about autism . once i researched a little bit more , i found there's even disputes about whether asperger's and autism belong on the same ... i don't really worry about people judging me ; it's whatever . and from what i understand , people perceive me as so innocent and loving and likable , if awkward , that no one really has much to say about ... have any of you heard this theory yet ? i saw it mentioned in another thread and wanted to examine it further . what do you think ? if you follow the link , a lot of comments show people who relate ... yes , for anyone who's interested i'm attempting to set people up , and i always need more people to match . :) just posting to say thank you for the fascinating thread . i love that you guys always have interesting things to say , and i've been lurking though i haven't posted much . keep it up . :D so i've read quite a bit about the research into differences in the brain between introverts and extraverts . for example , that they primarily use different parts of the brain and that introverts get ... yes , there are a lot of different definitions for the dichotomies out in the real world . but the word introvert is similar enough that people should recognize , even without mbti , that certain ... i'm curious as to how leadership plays into this as an introvert ? as a leader , you have to take the spotlight often . how do you manage this ? 1 . i only lead if i feel i must to achieve something ... i think the point about being unable to communicate is very good ... i'm better at communicating now than when i was little , but if i come across a person who's very frustrating , who i don't ... i know what you mean , because it bugs me when i think someone's talking about me . but if you're sure they're nfp , then it reminds me of how me and my intp chick friend will on occasion see someone ... i'm really glad the world is starting to recognize the existence of introverts and trying to spread the understanding of how they work . however , i feel like a lot of these definitions are misguided ... i relate to this a lot . i really want objective , valuable critique on what i do , whether its my work or how i handle things as a person . i want to improve as a person and in my work so compliments ... mbti came along at a time in my life when i felt misunderstood and lonely . i had started to grow bitter about society around me , hating who i now know are largely es types and wondering what was ...