' for the past two years , i've had a good friend who is an entj and saw i him on a weekly / daily basis . i've had him in several basic classes but i had more with him last year ( we are going into ... i don't see any string here . i always think about whether i turned the oven off or not . i'm super serious , like all the time . 281826 i've tested several times on both both of the tests and read both descriptions and i do seem to match . i bring ear buds in public but usually i'm not really listening to any music , ( i tend to hum the tune loudly if i do ) . sometimes i just don't want to talk to people and in a loud place the noise ... :p erc 2 : obviously he's blind so he can't see that leech on his face . i don't think you could see it even if you weren't blind but still . physical contact with other human beings ? maybe , but they would need to be sprayed down with lysol first . 279218 no , i'm not very street smart i think . i live in the country so i don't get news very fast . my friend : hey , i bought tickets to ride the monorail for us , do you want to come with me ? me : no , i ... i carry a mini notebook and a little fountain pen in my pocket or purse ( i'm addicted to field notes notebooks ) and whenever i see something that gives me inspiration i just write it down ... i feel that way too . people who are my age seem to be less open to diversity in people than the elders that i talk to . i've made quite a few friends in our communities knitting circle . also my plans ... just the usual . * sigh * eventually i would like to become vegan.ordinarily i won't eat meat but i seem to end up with pepperoni in my cart every time i go shopping . you remind me of a friend i have , she really likes know it alls too . i enjoy having debates with them but i wouldn't go so far to call it a turn on . she's an infj though . - for me i kind of like ... definitely number two . for me it's because i feel that if i let down someone it doesn't just hurt their feelings but also hurts my reputation for being trustworthy / a reliable person and trust is ... a few years ago someone in my class said that they're grandfather died by drowning in 8 inches of water . i laughed not from his death but from just hearing the words drowning in 8 inches of water ... 272386 i can't read it but i'm pretty sure it's a rough draft for one of my writing technique classes . the teachers suggest i type everything these days . i got on to facebook a few times and haven't really been on it for i think about a half a year . ( though maybe it's because i'm too lazy to . ) i don't think i've changed my profile picture since ... 4 ... could my name be changed to * blue potato * please ? ( if it's taken you can put 31 at the end ) thanks ! thank goodness it's not only me who does that . my friend's an infj and we usually call instead of text . also , i'm not sure if i like / love them . they're quite needy though it really depends on the ... i do have feelings to non-living objects . when i bump into a door , i say , i'm so sorry . everyone stares at me like i'm a freak . losing the solitude that i have ... i can't say never but the last time i recall was last year in september so i put down the maybe option . they should put a rarely option because i cry once every 3 years , i've realized crying doesn't ... in my opinion , i would think that umi would be an isfj with her responibility , being moody , and love at first sight and shun would be an intj with him thinking out of the box and determination . it's ... i don't like to walk , run , jog or anything like that . i do things like zumba nowadays and adult tap classes . i really enjoy dance but maybe that's because i've been doing them for a long time . over time , i've gotten much cleaner . when i was younger my mother would always yell at me and say , your room looks like a garbage dump ! my room was not that messy i would say , i never had clothes , ... i'm not the most into the episodes as much as i am into anime movies but i do enjoy some . well okay , a lot . i'm currently watching neon genesis evangelion : the end of evangelion and i'm thoroughly ... yay ! happy your'e back . i've disappeared from perc a few months ago from taking college summer classes and a recent final but i'm back too . sometimes i do disappear for a while just to take a break ... i'm pretty sure that you're an infp if you want an answer . i was a bit doubtful at first even though all the tests i took would say that i was one but i now know for sure i am . i do have all of the ... most definitely . whenever someone is like sad and wish for my comfort , i might give them a hug ? or say that i'm sorry for your loss but i don't really know what to say . no one really ever comes to me ... i know me too ! love fluttershy but i think rarity will forever be my favorite . well , don't force yourself against your will unless you want to , which really isn't doing that . thank you , i'm slightly terrified of this thread and i think i'll keep my ears covered and peacefully walk away and a nap really does sound good the more i think about it . oh , i finally got that ! ha . i always played dance mat typing in elementary . loved those characters . oh , wow ... not again . i think i'm not going to jump on and just leave it to you guys . i haven't taken an iq test in the past 5 years nor an sat / act yet , ( i'm pretty sure i'm taking it this fall ) , but i'm in the top of my class in grades . though i do feel that school is putting my ... i'm beyond confused on where this whole thread is going . can someone explain it to me ? i wanted to reply but i was soon perplexed on what we're really talking about the more i read the other comments . you sound like you need a break from normal life itself . maybe you should take a break from thinking about this a bit . you know , maybe stay at home mostly or go some place , ignore your phone for a ... infj , really ? you should meet my infj friend . her facebook picture is someone about to stab her with a knife and she used to wear medals around her neck . maybe it's just me but i could never / ever see ... i completely agree with this . i think about myself a bit , ( okay , quite a bit ) . though usually when i think about my self , i think about the things that i've done like she said and constantly judge ... i see your point . wow , i'm pretty sure your right . he did call me narcissistic and some other things behind my back . though i just took it as him not wanting me to date his best friend because he almost ignores him ... i'm sure not all intp's do this but ... i just don't have good experiences with them . i know two intps fairly well and one of them is a friend . for the one that's a friend , sure he's nice and we ... i like well , origami and i don't know about 76 , it's just one of the first numbers that popped in to my mind . ooh , i took a quiz to see what studio ghibli character i was - when the movie came out and i was obsessed with it - and i actually go shizuku ( the main character ) so your'e probably right . not saying ... um ... okay i'm on the right track baby i was born this way ! but really , i'm pretty sure i was . i don't feel sympathy , i choose to avoid sympathy in fear of breaking out in tears . you punch me , i'll punch you back harder . that's how you start a fight . but if you hurt my feelings or emotions , i'll cry . i used to have an intj as a best friend actually in elementary school around fourth grade . after a while he just pretended i wasn't there and we just stopped talking and ignored each other for a ... '