' so thread necromancy isn't frowned upon here ? learn something new every day , i guess ( how oddly apropos . ) i'm the type who learns by listening and watching---do something in front of me , explaining to me what you're doing as you go , and i'm often golden on the first try when i do it myself . people often ... c , with a and b employed only in case of an unsolvable impasse . i have my duck and cover mannerisms---if i'm talking in a monotone , using understated but faintly threatening language , and i'm not making eye contact but rather looking into the middle distance , ... one semester left to graduation with a degree in accounting---working as a sportswriter in the meantime . you want to fall in love , it's a curious little bit of alchemy since you need physical chemistry , compatibility of interests , hobbies , values , beliefs about the world , goals , desire to have / not have ... tried to improve my fe for benefit of a romantic partner once upon a time . ended up resenting her for it , and when i reverted to my normal function order i shed no tears when she left for someone ... i smoked three cigarettes at age 15 . felt so awful afterward that i was like how in the hell do people keep at this long enough to get addicted ? and never smoked another cigarette after that . ( of ... i know it's bedtime when the sun comes up , i know it's lunchtime when my stomach grumbles , and i know it's time to make the donuts because it is always time to make the donuts . what do i need a ... i think you bloody damn well nailed it . but it speaks to a greater problem---the world's not designed for us to be a part of it . extroversion and people skills ( a trait the ixfx folks have , ... my se has a little button on the back of it that i've helpfully labeled press to activate . ( all kidding aside , i usually seek out the company of a good woman , or at least an available one , and ... probably whatever it is that makes us good at not forming plural's with apostrophe's . my copy editor's soul is crying . as for mastering sports , it's our type's ability to make the best use of the ... your guy talks in metaphors ? shaka , when the walls fell . i was married to an intp for nearly five years . that much ti in one place was honestly very smothering . the lesson i took away from it was that i'd do better with an ixfx , since that strong feeling ... why the hell is it that every time my friend brings her five-year-old on one of our outings , i end up getting dog sick three days later ? that kid's gotta be typhoid mary , or else my immune system's ... you have a better chance of seeing paris hilton as the keynote speaker for the american society of mechanical engineers than you have of seeing me at a party voluntarily . so i arrive whenever the ... exxx . all eight of ' em . damned extroverts . most istps on here seem to have a communication gap with nfs , but personally i adore the introverted flavor ( enfx is a whole ' nother story ) . there's the occasional sitcom / rom-com friction when she ... spoken like a true extrovert . i have had exactly one relationship with an e-anything that lasted longer than two months ; the rest have been either one-night stands that she initiated or hobbesian ... let's see dan rafael be this funny : denis lebedev : beating up senior citizens | thebtbc.com i write . and my writing doesn't suck . i gotta say , if this thread is indicative of a typical istp relationship style , it explains why i don't find istp women to be very good partners and why i myself tend to play against type when ... for what it's worth , i am religious ( non-christian ) , but that's not my objection to nietzsche ( god is dead doesn't bother me , because i learned a long time ago not to bother with the ... i'm a cancer . i was also born in july . :P i went through my flirtations with nietzschean elitist twaddle when i was an adolescent , but his views are spiritually dead , socially destructive , and ultimately reduce to an unmerited sense of ... i don't think that mbti has any bearing at all on one's soulmate . if i find a girl who i love to do things with , who shares my interests and values and passions , and we're greater than the sum of ... individualistic doer sounds about right for me . although really does not play well with others , which was given to me at age five by my kindergarten teacher , works just as well . :P on the special character-generation system , my luck is a solid 7 or 8 . even made my living as a professional gambler for two years ( beat the casinos out of a total of $ 30,000 . ) one's mb type is a useful little tool in getting a rough idea of what makes them tick , but i make a conscious effort not to stereotype . i've gone on a few dates with an intj and it's nice to know ... side question , but anyone else tend to get jonathan coulton's i feel fantastic stuck in your head on a weekend day when you sleep until 4 and get a good day's sleep in for the first time in a week ? it's 6:20 in the morning . i have to be somewhere later today , and have to do laundry if i want the people there to be willing to get within ten feet of me , which means i've got to be up at 1:00 at ... the best advice i ever got came from my ex-wife on the occasion of our divorce : if you ever get married again , make sure she's your best friend in the world . because we weren't that , and look ... do you find yourself in stressful situations often ( work or otherwise ) ? i don't know that i find myself in stressful situations so much as stressful situations seem to find me . i'm a fourth-year ... i grew into my sp function---i varied between intp and intj for the first thirty years of my life or so . the change in personality type was a by-product of my maturation away from doing what i ... it's kind of a freudian über alles with me . my mother was and is very domestic , very 50s housewife , and generally submissive to a man ( first my father , later my stepfather after my dad passed away ) ... esfjs drive me categorically insane , but their introverted counterparts i love to pieces . i don't know about add ( how can you tell add from a coffee habit anyway ? ) , but i do have an autism spectrum disorder . does that count ? hey look a squirrel ! for someone with so many stories to tell , you're an awfully hard person to get to know . you really hold your emotions close . - a friend of mine ( type unknown ) , noticing my tendency to talk about ... my score : 6 . moderate autism ftw . sartre was right---hell is other people at breakfast . i love to get down into the guts of a strategy game or a more cerebral action game ( my fallout : new vegas character is a sniper who routinely picks off targets from the very edge of the draw ... entps and i do remarkably well because of the shared interest in building and creating . having one around on a group project is always useful because as an extrovert they're probably far better at ... dear isfj woman , you think we've nothing in common , and you might be right . i know that when i'm immersed in one of my projects , you hate waiting for me . you know i will never fully understand ... estjs and i get along like iran and israel . the men are boorish , imperious blowhards and the women are completely unable to handle even the slightest departure from their expected order in the ... expecting other people to have the same interest in the technical crunchies underlying any given system that i do . ( then again , they do give me lots of time alone to tinker with those systems ... the psychologist said pdd-nos , but i often wonder if the heavy overlap between spectrum symptoms and istp personality types has something to do with that . then again , whenever i talk to ... an extrovert will come up to me when i'm eating alone and say you look lonely . to which i'll say looks can be deceiving . i've been put in charge of a class project for my strategic management class---as in elected chairman of the board for a business simulation . going over the financials and trying to squeeze every ... after having gone through 7/8 of a business education ( almost to graduation ! ) , i have tended toward the believe that ixxx anything isn't welcome in business . it's a place where extroverts thrive and ... i'm almost always found in a t-shirt ( on warm days ) or a sweater ( on cold ones ) and jeans . i detest formality and only wear a suit when i absolutely , positively have no other choice and even then ... i'm going to go out on a limb and say that my autism is probably my biggest flaw to most people---i can forget for extended periods of time that there are even other people in the world , especially ... weed was never my drug of choice . i always preferred stimulants , stuff like dextroamphetamine ( known to its friends as adderall when it's prescribed and greenies when it's abused . ) typical istp ... '