' i'm still a virgin , there are two reasons really . the first would be that it's called making love for a reason , and i dont think you can do it meaningfully unless your in love , which i've never been ... i'm very bi-polar it seems , one day i'm in tiedye and ripped jeans , then next i'm in all black with a skirt . i love all types of rock =) it's not that i'm a hippy , most of my friends consider me one , ... i am the one who lives in my mind , hiding from the truth i am the one you see walking aimlessly around town all night i am the one with a scar on my knee from falling while looking at the night sky ... tennessee is an infp wet dream , when i getr a craving to be in a city there is always one near and the people are really nice . but then there is also wilderness everywhere =) wish i lived there , my ... at 19 i still haven't kissed , let alone held a guys hand , i'm starting to accept the fact that my salt shaker was broken in transit , am i the only peson who get sad when i see a salt or pepper shaker ... i'm lost in middle america =) my town is stuck in the 50 ' s , neil armstrong is our claim to fame , iatually live on the same block as the house he grew up in =) i'm liberal when it comes to most social issues such as gay rights , but when it comes to economic issues and politics i vote conservative . most people labeled mee an obama supporter and i was ... i dont think my brain is capable of producing the chemicals that make us fall in love = i'm left hand dominate , but due to having broke my left wrist when i was in kindergarten i can write with both =) i think i am . my parent have always had a great relationship , my dad ( infp ) loves my mom ( enfp ) with all of his heart and will do anything to make her happy . i really wnat that , i look around at my ... i think it's freaking hilarious that when i actually wanted a boyfriend , there were none to be found . now that i've decided that my future seems less complicated without a man , they keep lining up ... b ] name a famous person you don't like . [ / b ] bristol palin what was the last thing you bought ? sony mp3 player name a condiment that is not : ketchup , mustard , relish , salt , or pepper wasabi give ... i love classic rock , i should've been born in 55 ' . : blushed : ... ... i hate titanic , eragon ( the movie , loved the book ) , twilight , and new lost boys . my mom has really been laying it on me for this , she always yells , always saying the same thing , so i dont listen , then i get smacked on the head and asked if i'm here or somewhere in my head . it's ... i wish i werent so introverted , i think it might be easier to connect with other people if i could find my way out of my own contemplations and thoughts in my head . but , when you start talking and ... i want to travel the world , scotland , egypt , australia , india , japan , russia , practically everywhere in europe , south america , mexica , and canada , dubai , there are really too many to list . i will get ... i've never fallen in love , i dont think that i love mysef . if i cant love myself , how can anyone else ? what self-esteem ? i feel like an inhuman blob . when guys were talking about who they think are pretty , all of my friends got mentioned except me . i know i'm not attractive , so why try to be when it's ... i believe that who are soulmates are , is determined by our situation . when i was younger i would think , what if my soulmate was born on the oter side of the world , so we never get to meet ? what if he ... my bro is 17 months older than me , we get along fine untill he does something stupid that violates my morals . i hate how everyone in my family expects him to fail cause he's first born , they dont ... i have this problem too . i guess that people unload their emotions on me all the time , they say it's cuse i'm a good listener . i know that none of them want to listen to my problems , they are all ... wow , thats brittany murphy's husband , the bassist from slipknot , and gary coleman theres your three my dad is another infp so we really get eachother . my mom often complains about our introversion llike we are one person . she's enfp and completly dosnt ' understand it . i wanted to be a biologist at nasa cause i wanted to go to mars . then i realized that i woulde have to take bunch of math and decided against it i always fantasize that the main characters in whtever book or series i'm reading at the time come ot our world and take me to theirs , then i integrate myself into the plot line.sort of like a fan ... my friends do this too , which i think it's weird cause i never touch them like that , there really was no physical contact in the house i grew up in . i am extreamly ticklish and they know it , it suks ... i'm always in my mind , or the future . i live in my own little world , but it's ok they know me here . : cool : small business managemnt / entrprenuership scorpio , i like being a water sign . it really pisses me off that my ruling planet , pluto , is no longer considered a planet . i find that both match , i'm a passionate person and i match the ... i do this , my mom is going to die in a car crash some day cause she can't drive within the speed limit and she is always doing somthing while shes driving . i laugh when i read this , cause most people think i have a heart of stone , i hate expressing any emotion but happiness in public . when i cry my face gets red , my head hurts and i get sleepy . i avoid ... i wanna fly , and if i had some kind of flame power it would save me money on propane gas for glass working : laughing : but , i wanna fly more ! ! ! both my parents were abused , my dad is infp and his step fater hated him , he ended up beating his stepfather within an inch of his life for beating my grandma , when he was 14 . my mo , enfp , was abused ... we have to have 21 credits to graduate in ohio , i will have 28 by the time i graduate in 12 days ! ! ! woot woot ! ! ! sounds like redwall by brian jaques , i think thats how you spell his last name . it seems that alot of us a had the movie reel playing in our heads . one time i was playing with one of my mom's ... my teacher had to pick the student who had accoplished the most at the two years we spend at apollo , he choose me . i won $ 300 to spend on whatever type of technology that i wanted , i'm getting an ... i am so crafty it makes other sick , i can teach myself to just about anything like lampwork glass , which is my newest conquest . : laughing : i can't sleep in , no matter how late i stayed upthe night before i will be awake at like 7:30 , i like it though cause noone else is up . mind if i ask what it means ? i never had one , but always wanted one . my bro is only 17 months ahead of me so we played adventures together most of the time . : happy : i've taught mslef knitting , tatting , crocheting , needlepoint , cross stitch , macrame , ducttape art , i'm so crafty it often makes others sick : crazy : i love random facts , its earned me the name queen of ... i've got my eyebrow , nose and 4 in each ear . when i get out of school i'm getting my tounge , lip and several tatoos done : laughing : i have english , welsh , german , scottich , french , and native american heritage , i'm pretty white although i tan in the summer , my mom just burns . : crazy : wow , and i though getting turned on while being outisde was weird . other thigs that turn me on are tall men , men with nice asses , deep gravely voices , talent , and hands , ruff hands , oh and the smell ... my friends find the fact the i get aroused when being outside in the forest , away from everything , just a little weird . : blushed : often i will get bread froim the discount bread store and some meat and give them to people in the streets , cause one change and that could be anyone , even me . and i would want that favor if it were ... i often go for walks at night , wondering aimlessly , while looking up : laughing : '