' my car spontaneously burst into flames while i was driving yesterday ( i am fine ; the car is totaled ) , so today i stayed home from work and am lounging around the house trying to recover from all of ... ix92ve been on here for ages , and have been pretty consistently certain about both my mbti and my enneagram ( though i've deleted them right now from my profile because i don't want them to sway ... same . i retook it several times , too , and never got 4-7- 9 . i feel very sure my tritype is 4-7- 9 . hi . i'm sorry that you went through something so scarring ; glad you're on the mend ! you're talking about the residual effects of trauma . it actually sounds like you've already got some coping ... i have ... i'm not nearly extroverted enough though for entp to seem like a real possibility . and there's no way i'm intp . my ti is not nearly that strong ( and i think i tend toward te over ti ) . i am ... hiii . very funny to me to be summoned to actually contribute to this thread when i've been in a very am i really enfp ? maybe i'm infp ? what if i'm so so wrong and i'm actually a thinking type ? ! ... if this is real ( and dear god i hope it is not ) ... perhaps your friend has broken off contact because your instinct is to question , deride and ridicule his poor choice of partner under the guise ... i feel like sex is something that gets figured out anew with every partner . different things work in different situations , with different people . what one partner is into , another partner may hate . ... 9ish hours and i feel like a champ . less than 7 and i start to feel sick . less than 5 and i truly can't even function . my cat to stop chewing through my macbook chargers . he's becoming a monster . ' tall tall shadow ' - basia bulat to me , beauty is anything that acts as a window into what is good , right , and true . sometimes this is a work of art that elicits genuine emotions ; sometimes it is an act of kindness that reminds us ... i'm an infp . both my bachelor's and master's degrees are in social work . i work as a high school social worker and absolutely love it ( despite school politics being obnoxious and petty ) . i didn't ... bad feminist by roxane gay i cried once watching bring it on for like the fiftieth time because i found it so emotionally moving . one time i cried because i felt the at & t person i was on the phone with was judging me . original by bonnie raitt : watching boy meets world and drinking coffee while curled up with a dog . i'm housesitting . they have a really comfortable couch . it's amazing . i didn't love it at first , but it was the perfect soundtrack for storms yesterday and the day before , and i left it on repeat at work today , and now i can't get it out of my head . in the best way . i ... my first name means ' pure ' and my middle name means ' victory of the people ' . hahahahahahahahahahaahaha . i mean , both obviously 100 % accurate . yoga , girl . yoga . or anything that lets you get rid of your active thoughts and get lost in some meditative physical activity for a while . something that lets you be like , oh yeah - this is the ... ' carissa ' - sun kil moon this is what comes most natural to me . i am naturally a very flaky person . a huge thing for me in the past few years though , has been a focus on consciously valuing other people and consciously ... a jibarito for lunch . mmmm . a handful of roast beef and a grapefruit . because i am a smart , resourceful , independent woman . ( and i really love roast beef and grapefruit . ) cheerios with almond milk . and so much coffee with so much cinnamon . happy saturday to all . i've only really had one , and it was bad news ( but probably could have been worse ) . it was 4th of july and i was driving from northern minnesota to southern wisconsin , with an illinois license ... type 1 : 10 type 2 : 18 type 3 : 10 type 4 : 11 type 5 : 10 i always wish that i could tilt my head to one side and shake it and all of the unnecessary clutter would just pour out my ear so that i could find and deal with the important / relevant stuff . portillo's hot dog . mmmm , peppers . hey . i'm sorry to hear things are rough right now . i actually used to be a social worker working with foster care up until last fall . i think sometimes it's not that they don't care , but that ... ' 10,000 reasons ( bless the lord ) ' - matt redman happy sunday . i love people . i love my family . i love my friends . i love long walks outside . i love long bike rides . i love yoga . i love sunshine . i love cozy rainy days . i love coffee and tea . i love ... i mean i'll go for it if the other person initiates it ( which doesn't happen very often - usually it's a hug or a little wave ) , but i never initiate it myself . it feels weirdly formal to me , so ... i play out scenarios sometimes out loud when i'm alone , but it's never like talking to myself . i don't give myself pep talks or scold myself or anything . my mom talks to herself out loud all the ... watching downton abbey and drinking tea like a champ . ' i came as a rat ' - modest mouse apples and caramel . i have a bsw ( and minored in spanish and political science ) . i'll be going back to ( grad ) school in the near future , but i'm still deciding on what for . i work with low-income pregnant women and ... i love teledraw ( kind of like telephone mashed with pictionary ) . i also am a big fan of signs ( almost like murderer , but more elaborate , but still played in a circle with lots of people and ... i don't see this as an either / or decision , and it appears a few others don't either . i mean hypothetically if i was like super against people having food , for whatever reason , and obviously people ... when i was like fifteen we learned the coolest choreography to ' 7 ' in a modern dance class . to this day it's some of my favorite choreography i ever learned . i remember i didn't know a lot of prince ... homemade lentil vegetable soup , brought to you by a slow and relaxing sunday . it's spicy and perfect . depending on the type of yoga , absolutely . i've sweat as much in a hardcore vinyasa flow class as i have on a long run . it's no substitute for straight-up cardio ( because they are just fully ... more coffee . i don't remember the first time i actually got my period . i remember that i was fourteen , and i remember that i was in 8th grade and was just glad i got it before i went into high school ( because ... i desperately want some , especially anything with ghosts . i saw angels like six years ago , and that's something that was beautiful , but i can't explain . still really want to see a ghost though ... i like to go to bed early , and sometimes i get frustrated with myself about that because it can be limiting . diet : i just suggest learning as much about food and nutrition as possible . then it feels less like you're restricting yourself , and more like you're actively choosing to give your body what you know ... '