' i'm doing it as well . second year doing it . didn't finish last year , but i'm feeling hopeful this year . current results day 1 total word count : 2,078 days left : 29 words left to type : 47,922 the princess and the frog is one of my favorites so is great mouse dective and aladdin and lion king i think i should stop now ... i just like too many ( and i'm proud of it ! :p roud :) glad to see that i'm not the only one with this problem then this is no joke but a call to * ban * dihydrogen monoxide , otherwise know as the invisible , killer substance . jupiter scientific's science joke webpage is probably not the place to post this protest , ... that guy's expression is like wha---oh shi - - so the book came out yesterday . anybody else read it yet ? also , be sure to put discussion about plot points in spoiler tags so we don't ruin it for someone who hasn't read it yet life force absorber when i'm arounf other people , i drain their life force making me more energized and them much weaker than i . mwahahaha 4937449375 4937649377 49378 4936949370 4937149372 49373 welcome fellow intjer i'm kinda in the boat with the whole i don't know what to believe . part of me thinks they're may be a god , part of me says there isn't . personally , if there is such thing ( and / or i had to choose ... welcome fellow intjer welcome fellow intjer for me , i sometimes feel i'm around them too much . especially if i think i'm in love , i'm more likely to try and talk to them or just hang out with them . with friends , over the summer , i was so ... i told you that you should have put a lock on that toaster ye father of thou ha . someone doesn't know how to use a toaster going old-school by playing super smash bros melee on my own gamecube : tongue : born in january as an intj i think so . i've just looking at random stuff so far , so its easy to find stuff that way . haha , i've eaten fish before , i just enjoy quoting finding nemo . especially when introducing myself to others : tongue : welcome to the forums i'm also an intj ( but not the rare female type ) so , i guess the standard pm sent me via a link ... hi ! my name is riggs and i'm an intj . ( and i've also never eaten a fish ) '