' listen your least favorite words and give a reason why maybe - because it hurts more than you know what is the most proper , gentle yet productive way to make someone do something . whatever it may involve ? say what is on your mind if it is required for a certain period of time , i will try , try hard but after that period is over , i am gone as far away as possible ! no my mouth is a very bad translator for my ideas in terms of speed i believe there are 3 things in life you should love hero ( yourself ) inspiration ( someone ) muse ( the one you are in love with ) just one believe from ages 4-6 from ages 6 - forever it is better to ask are you not funny ? be yourself certainly , whenever i am around those i love , truly love 5 minutes if you are worth it :) <3 loose for me means dancing like crazy alone , mind you ditto i love the challenge of getting an introvert to smile , giggle , or just sigh with exhaustion where as with an extrovert , they are already miles ahead of me on the tunnel of fun that i ... i have never been tested as an infp on reliable sites the result is always intp but i feel closer to infp value something filled with something shiny i wish for you to watch this film it will warm up the heart 5w4 type 5 dominant w means with wing mine : type 5 with wing 4 is another way of saying what you wrote ( 3/6 ) now wait for this ! your tri-type songs you could replay replay forever ! shame is the act of giving into being placed in a box being told to stay in there and obeying their order veronica franco , real-life 17th century poetess and courtesan her words inspire me how she is portrayed in this semi-autobiographical piece speaks to me in more ways than one ... by being honest with you an open book whenever you need me rain thunderstorm humid typhoon surf beautiful people they are my bright light unisex for all preferences i n t p e s f j what are you you like with keeping friends ? once i call you my friend , which you usually varies form 2-5 years , then i am faithful to you for life . my friends know that i am with them whenever ... i went through the whole thing for longer than 3 years but my circumstance was very different even still i feel you man , i honestly do you feel so much but they might not be where you feel ... how do you act like feel like what are you thinking what do you live for ? what do you live for ? comedy always comedy that quote seems like more of a problem than a solution to the thought of companionship so his law is like that of the labor force , when all is the same , everyone working . this is constant velocity but when unbalanced external force of a rebel steps out and says i just about had it ... many contradictions i live by the motto : if you haven't swallowed one contradiction today , you might as well swallow four tomorrow my perception : they are the bomb ! ! ! :) i lived in a lush walk in garden filled with a mini playground and surrounding white coat apartments , it was like a mini-villa in a bustling city and the memories of that place will never fade :) when i find it this unconditional love button i will drop everything in my life and let you all know no way i love oldies & newbies :) me : * looking into their eyes * him / her : * looking into mine * me : when feelings of saftey wash over me and the race to hold onto the very sounds that his / her next words will make when i watch a great movie , i am the movie selfless poet lost in translation lol it is like asking is everyone is an equal ? i believe everyone is what are two major pet peeves that still get to you to this day ? having no manners having pity for others what are two major childhood lessons that you have learned that you still follow to this day ? - be yourself no matter what - don't trust anyone every day occurrence for me , i thought every body did this ? at your core , what do you want out of someone in a relationship ? it is best to ask of someone what you already know of yourself want ( s ): - be comfortable in his own skin - share with me ... of course why not , if we get talking and all is well , why not ? - when i first looked at the title of this thread , this popped into my mind : - reminds me of this movie ! ! ! ... i take hints too well even subtle ones that sometimes i don't even bother with people who are too picky or stingy as a result you can leave me physically but you will always remain in my thoughts lol lol i was thinking about the same exact topic yesterday i don't care really let the women wear tuxedos let the men wear dresses '