' why would you stare at their eyes ? it's their eyebrows that matter . if you can't beat them , join them . the only problem i have with corruption is , that no matter how tiny the chances are , i don't like doing things where i might get caught and punished . if i had ... anyone else find that it's a lot easier to find solutions to other people's problems than your own ? oh , we're being emotional ? i'll give it my best shot . i usually stay under the radar , no one ever notices me and i generally get along with people , if they say something i don't like , i'll steer away from the subject or ask them something along the ... why is pride so important ? you know you're a perceiver when you fail your exam because your answers were too philosophical . :/ i don't really like english words , they are far too soft and cuddly in my opinion . i usually keep myself safe , avoid conflict and play by the rules to not get any physical injuries . my mind , however , is slowly turning into a madman's . but that's alright . in response to the thread title , no , i don't . there are more important things , and as soon as i know the actual rules , i'll corrupt enough to be fine . i'm not afraid of losing my grasp on reality and embracing insanity . i don't think there's such a thing as being fake , only different ( social ) roles . i usually end up not sending anything , thinking it will be too awkward . philosophying ( spelling ? even a word ? ) about different things lead to breakthroughs in different situations . one example could be partnership without marriage , which was seen as wrong earlier , but now ... excellent ! now , where do i find the rest of that picture ? you've piqued my interest . is that a correct usage of the word ' pique ' ? i can hardly wait to hear about the experience ! this video might be related , rsa animate , quite nice to watch : even though it's been quoted twice already , i thought it was worthy a fourth read . do you write speeches by any chance ? 1 . ) i've moved out at age 20 , so nope . 2 . ) four years ago i lost my chance at that . 3 . ) i'm social enough , for me . 4 . ) i guess this one's true for me . 5 . ) yes . 6 . ) no . 7 . ) yes . 8 . ) well , what ... are you a mirror ? because i can only see myself . edit : not meant in a mean way , i just thought that sounded poetic in a way . 105 . i did delete a lot of them earlier , but then i encounted someone who started crying because i had unfriended her . the situation was awkward because i wanted to tell that person i didn't really ... i like how a motivational poster i had once put it , it is power , i care not where it springs from . a lot of evil characters or beings are in my opinion , not evil . one that comes to mind is ... on the subject of star trek-like materializing food .. are there any of you that do this ? i did try this in a way with warcraft 3 , where maps would sometimes become a sort of game of their own , but it's become less popular over the years ( or was when i ... i'd be more interested in knowing what one should fill the void of an addiction you have gotten rid of with . personally i've been addicted to mmos for a long time and have recently quit them ... i disagree . to me , there were endless differences simply between 16 and 18 . posted in the take a picture right now thread in the pictures and photos subforum , might as well post it here . 27061 same comment as there , if you look closely you might be able to see a ... off-topic here , but is the norm to only get a bachelor where you live ? here you can pretty much just not bother unless you're going for master . when you wake up too early (8 pm ) and wait until everyone else in the house has gone to bed before getting breakfast because you hate the social interaction , which would consist of hi . it's for ... i find meals with a lot of sugar don't last long enough and i have to go eat again too quickly , which means i have to interrupt what i'm doing . i do this too , although i usually eat bread and ... i'm curious , since i usually only eat bread with one ( or more ) out of six toppings , and not much else unless someone else is cooking a meal for me . i live in a collective , ( direct translation , ) ... i wasn't at my most serious , apologees : tongue : that is interesting , but i wonder at what point those words started being used in that way , because pussy is also used in a sexual way and ... this , pretty much . except i'm 20 , not 14 . without philosophy there would be no liberalism and certainly no socialism . i'd say at least one of those has been useful , no ? personally i wouldn't say cats are feminine , after all , lions . nor would i say dogs are necessarily masculine . who invented those squirrel-rat dogs anyway ? if i was ever to use masculine or ... you obviously fail to acknowledge that your subject might be a solipsist . i don't hold grudges . what i do is simply ignore you , anything you say , anything you do . if i don't like you , you don't exist beyond a person i'm never going to communicate with excepting ... i'll do the questions in order : am i very future-oriented ? i didn't know this term , so i looked up a ( watch ? v = ispj 5kgpvqg on youtube , can't post links yet , ) video . i'd say according to this video ... i've been getting into this personality type thing , and was happy with my first result , which said i was intj , i looked up the forum , the thread about what's typical for intjs and could relate to ... '