' as far as nintendo goes - i really like animal crossing .. that's about it . other video game favs include fallout 4 , the sims series , & overwatch . as for mobile games i really like games by kairosoft . hey - feelings can be so awful - i think we should try our best to escape pain . i think it's easy to wallow in it and not know what to do . but we should do everything we can to escape any and all types ... for me - tradition seems to translate to idealism . i also actually am a homeschooler because i detest my public school education and i believe i can raise my children much better . for me , tradition ... i don't mean to offend by any means - i'm just going off of vibes . n_n hey tripwire , have you considered you might be isfp ? i think it really helps us to talk our problems out to someone - or even journal them down because it helps us identify what we are feeling exactly . tbh , i think he may be losing interest . no , an isfj won't freak out if you ask them what's up . i think you could just be honest and ask the isfj if there is something wrong and ask them please to ... sounds like you've been ghosted yeah , i think isfjs often fit well into the teacher role - the structure is there and all that changes are the variables within the structure ( new students ) . but everything else is generally the same - ... 700433going through old pictures ! this was last year when i was still blondish yeah , i don't really think he's isfj . i think he's intj . he doesn't do things for other people but rather for himself . i see te and some se . he also uses a lot of quotes . like he just told everyone ... what's wrong with your aunt ? it can be very difficult for intjs & isfjs to communicate - i have an intj bestie and sometimes i need an intp or someone else of another type to be an intermediary between use because our fi / fe clash ... i met my husband online . do you check out chats ? i meet a ton of people through discord . oh jenny ... are we the same person ? <3 i have a hard time opening up to people irl but it is so much easier online . i think it's because it's so easy to focus our expression in through one avenue ... isfjs ... so hot ! 6936256936 33 sounds like she is an enneagram 2 i'm married to an intp myself . my isfj bestie is married to one as well . i agree about their frugality and their appreciation for the way we genuinely care . it's a great match , especially when we ... knifey that sounds like it has more to do with enneagram than mbti tbh hey shanaflame , absolutely ! i'd love to help you on your quest ! hey dreamstate , i'm wondering if maybe he has something to hide . he may not want to ruin your perception of him . he might be a bit unhealthy - too nervous to open up to anything new . maybe it's his ... enneagram is so wild . so i was 9w1 then i typed at 2w1 and now i'm positive i'm 6w5 smh just got my bachelor's of science in science & elementary education isfj i would have said family but i wouldn't have one without faith . so yes , ultimately faith is what drives me . i'm 28 and i still feel like this sometimes even though i have a family and a lot of close friends that i have known for years ! i think it's natural to want more but i think it's even more important ... honestly , i can relate with that . i love to tell what i found interesting in a story .. honestly it's only interesting to some people , i can recall people whose eyes just glaze over . same thing ... prick i draw whenever i feel like it . like - it depends on how much you have going on in your life . i used to draw a lot while i was in nursing school , it helped me de-stress . now that i'm done with school , ... drew this a couple of months ago on iscribble.net prime definitely , the details need to be important - they need to add to the overall idea , they can't just be changing subjects constantly and saying things with no value . there needs to be interest and ... i think if you're wondering about if he's interested in you romantically , he'll make a lot of eye contact . he'll pay a lot of attention to you . i would think that there would be something one on one ... i love these 80 ' s versions ~ i think tampons are super uncomfortable and they're a bit tricky too . pads are just so much easier . i like to get the thin ones with wings but their 10x absorption or something . they're the best ~ i ... i've always typed as isfj . i took multiple extensive tests and the descriptions rang true . i have a isfp brother and close friend and i can see that they find it difficult to hide their weirdness and ... i think the complexity that comes into play and makes me more interesting is that i get into moods and don't necessarily understand why exactly i feel a certain way . i can't control it and it might ... i think closed books can be a lot harder to type . so extreme introverts definitely . i have a friend who i've known for a year or so now and i've just pinned her down as a isfp in the past week . i immediately thought of a moment when i was about 4 years old , my dad was mowing the grass and i remember that strong earthy smell of freshly cut grass . the sun was shining and i was standing on the ... thanks for the mention windchime i think think the piano player could very well be an isfj . i say this since his voice is pretty soft-spoken and when he is listening to his wife , he tends to stare ... you sound super sweet . it definitely takes some time for us to open up and be sure we can trust others so i'd try and be patient and consistent . i think when she does get comfortable - she will be the ... i actually have a story from 5th grade that i was just thinking about . i met one of my most bestest friends in my 5th grade class . i'm not sure why exactly i happened to approach her that day when we ... definitely always wanted something serious . the hardest thing for me is starting but once i start , i steam roll til the end . i was thinking a fair because you could just walk around and then take the ferris wheel . :) 6270826270 90 happy new year my fellow isfjs <3 i think you may be an intp isfjs are very in tune with how they are feeling and how others around them may be feeling . we're really into harmony . i also find comfort in doing meticulous things . i'm married to an intp but he is christian . it was definitely god's will that brought us together . he made it very obvious that this is what he wanted . the numerous coincidences were way too much ... break ups are so awful . it's really important to guard your heart because it does take a very long time to get over someone . time is definitely helpful but it's bearing through the reoccuring ... '