' i thought it was an old news . don't abandon me ... pliiizz ... i was thinking about people with an iq superior to that of an amoeba . twilight . a bad cop . can be a perfect guardian . how cruel . if you never drink how can be easy take such chances ? can you explain better your question ? that was my point . stepping outside the system is not always equal to not follow blindly the rules . sure you have a point . i was following the flow of the discussion about the guardians . those who leave the system think for them . it is a she ... please take your time . unfortunately these sites can be difficult to navigate . example facts | a voice for men ( study mentioned in external linked site ) i agree this site is particularly lacking ... starting to see why he is so stressed . if this was true cops would not commit abuses . they stick to the power structure not the rules in themselves . that depends if you are strong or not so you are ready to escalate the confrontation - not on mbti . so maybe , the right question is how mbti relates to physical build . so you slowed the reaching of those sites , penalizing those who are interested . intp logic . : tongue : wander around a bit in the two sites i included in my 1st post of this thread . alive , is a big word , for an intp . : tongue : there are some reasons . i guess not everyone , in this site like in real life , ever noticed the huge discrimination men face in western world until they hit it with the face . for those people , what ... yes , as i said before , i was wrong in this guess . excuse me , do you know you can post whole links ? it is easier click them . i think there is a misunderstanding here . a definition is arbitrary , there is no proof . what you ask , if i well interpreted your post , is just why a definition is such and not another . if it is ... now that you say it , i think you are right . ( double post - surely this site is slow ... ) if i well remember , that is a definition . there is no product of vectors a and b , or , there are several types of product . this is one of them . i do not know your schools , but in high schools ... you are lining in your fantasy , or you are remained to 100 years ago . totally false . today the heterosexual male is the bottom of the societal ladder . there is no lost occasion to criminalize ... and where do you find these famous conversations ? can you show an example ? nice projection . i would add , the dilemma true self - others ' acceptance is old as the human mind , so you are not alone . being afraid of not being accepted if showing one's true self ; trying to change for being ... how do intj women feel about intp men ? i can not say i suffer of depression , nor i am excessively perfectionist . nonetheless , making mistakes or the bad cases of life sometimes make me upset . it is perfectly normal , we are human and ... wow just finished another thread about these matters and now this ... something is clicking around it seems . because she was 16 i guess . besides the pathetic fact calling a 16 year old a child , ... next time use a bigger font . they are not objects . i knew it . can you make an example of such object ? like , if you write you will die in year 100,000 . he would need to know all those names and faces . i still have to make mine all these nuances of functions . no , i do not plan to give up in the immediate . thanks . the most probable outcome . the future tptb plan is the borg collective , not johnny mnemonic . i , unlike you , know in a debate both parties should have some enrichment . otherwise you can speak to yourself alone , the thing it seems a common criticism to intps . anyway , thanks for your ... what is exactly the difference between depends and undecided ? i could say the same . the discussion is always the intj explaining his ideas and the intp asking definitions , clarifications , and further explanations . never that they give their opinion , a new idea of theirs , or their ... look , this is perfectly fine and admirable , the most alien thing with you guys is the lack of contribution . after a discussion with an intp , i find i have learnt or gained ( in figurate sense ) nothing . ok , when i spoke of disappearing self , i was not referring to this type of discussions ... more about science or philosophy or whatever does not influence directly your life . i have had this exactly impression discussing here with intps ... seriously . debating with an intp is like debugging your source code : the compiler finds some errors ( only the formal ones ) but it ... while we should consider my quote a simplification , i am curious to understand what exactly is this opposite . q : how do you recognize a ( insert religion here ) in a forum ? a : do not worry they will let you know sooner than you imagine . what exactly should mean you belong to an object ? '