' ' jugaad ' which loosely means ' temporary / alternate solution ' is an indian term . necessity is the mother of jugaad and it's father is laziness ! have a look at these jugaads : common uncommon crazes of ... thanks for the suggestions ! sounds like a good approach to try ! all of this is very helpful . thank you :) i understand this concern about individuality . more so as an intp myself . nobody will pressurize me or her to marry each other . in india , the families are close knit . while doing something , just ... absolutely ! there are many who date / hookup but also there are many who undergo arranged marriages . it's no pressure in my case ! thanks ! good luck with that sweetraglansweater one more interesting aspect in match making process in india is ' matrimonial websites ' . india is a huge country and no parents can know all the probable ... most probably it is not ;) actually it may be wrong to just put the labels , because we tend to make assumptions and generalizations with the labels :) so instead i will rather try to explain few of these things > - ... hahaha thankfully though you are also involved in the decision making . so yes , you can say ' no ' if you don't like the birthday gift ! and you can also suggest to them if you have already chosen one ... lol * off to buy a lifesize sack ! this situation may be very different than what intps all over the world generally face ! i come from india where we have ' arranged marriages ' . in india , marriage is not just an affair between boy ... lol , i appreciate the effort :) made the changes in the question . but my english is to blame for this ( not a native language ! ) . i used to think ' celebrity ' means ' famous personality ( present or ... thanks for making wrong assumption . i just skimmed through your type analysis based on functional stack . it looks like something i will enjoy to ponder over . i thought to put questionnaire so that ... it took me a considerable time to answer these myself : 1 . which are the most defining features of intp personality type ? - need to understand things / to make sense of everything - independence , ... we have concluded that - we have intp personality type . but what do we understand be ' being an intp ' ? are our understandings more or less the same ? let's figure it out with a questionnaire . ... do extroverts make compatible life-partners for intps ? what is your experience / thoughts ? if you can share why your relationship with an extrovert worked / didn't work , it will be of great help . on ... most people mentioned the time factor . while ' writing ' we get more time to arrange our thoughts and then put them into words . we can also edit whatever we have written as opposed to while ... i might be wrong as well ;) , but i see it little differently : majority of population in any country in the world is going to be si-dominant or si-auxiliary ( i . e . isfj , istj , esfj and estj ) , india ... well ... the cast system ... that's a blot ... that is as bad as racism ... i can see why one would tend to type india as si and not ni ... the rituals , the customs ... it is somewhat like our ... good to see this thread being revived , especially when logged in after a long time here . even more interesting to read views expressed by both indians as well as non-indians , so there are both ... the far side--gary larson i found something interesting - funnel and cylinder theory of giftedness , counseling for the gifted website yes . the mistyped ones . i guess not , for several reasons : 1 . the intps are supposed to be ' holistic thinkers ' . instead of looking at different parts of a project separately , we prefer to ... ' well-constructed monologue ' ... those are very apt words for what i do ! when the picture / structure is clear in my mind , i like to put every facet of it in a systematic way without any ... for me , it seems like my whole ram gets involved in one activity at a time . i am good at quick witty remarks when that's what i concentrate on . similar is the case of emergency situations , when i am ... ' thinking ' is an activity which an intp probably does second only to breathing . almost all the time , we are inside our heads , thinking ! yet when it comes to ' thinking on our feet ' , we find ourselves ... hmm ... the life experiences have the biggest effect for sure . but i think , cognitive functions also play their part . life experiences are like rain , while cognitive functions are the ... i agree with you here ! 1 . the goal of the argument should be to learn . 2 . and every truth has assumptions / context associated with it . most entps seem oblivious to the 1st statement while most ... being a ti-dom , my views on this matter are : i think , the primary concern of ti-dom is is it logically right ? , while primary concern of fi-dom is is it morally right ? inxp's find it ... yes ... the final answer can be negative or positive which will affect our emotion ! but there is also one more kind of joy involved here , the satisfaction of ' finding the answer ' ! i think , in ti ... that makes sense ! with ti we look for the only answer ... the truth ... it may be good or bad ! while with ne , we look for all the possible answers ... hence even when the most likely answer is ... ( note : not a native speaker , plz pardon my language ! ) i observe 2 distinct modes of my day-to-day behavior , as an intp . 1 . sometimes i am in ' analyze mode ' ( ti-driven ? ) . when my energies are ... ( note : not a native speaker , plz pardon my language ! ) i observe 2 distinct modes of my day-to-day behaviour . 1 . sometimes i am in ' analyze mode ' ( ti-driven ? ) . when my energies are all ... hmm ... most of these are really interesting ! i am sometimes rather amazed , how we intps put our viewpoints so strongly on the complicated impersonal subjects such as philosophy , religion or human ... i am a newbie and not-a-very-regular visitor of perc ( also not a native speaker , in case you come across any of my grammatical sins ;) . but already i have started noticing some patterns in the ... i loved that analogy ! ! ! it is said that - ' nobody understands what goes on in the mind of women ' ( lets keep aside the ne part for a while ) ... but you did here a fairly good job of explaining it ! ;) thanks :) some more responses will be really helpful ... some more responses will be really helpful ... if god / nature asks you , i made you intp . do you like it ? what is your answer ? yes / no ? detailed answers are welcome ! this is going to be very interesting , to type my own country ( yes , i am an indian ! ) . i am going to give my thought process here . one way of typing a country could be to look for the type of ... why are intps so damn funny ? - because , why not ? : wink : what do you think of infjs ? - infjs seem to enjoy the complex / abstract topics like philosophy , psychology . so an intp can have ... insight 1 : we are yet to find all the rules pertaining to ' the material world ' , newer theories being introduced replacing the older ones , but still not sure if such ' theory of everything ' even ... this is an interesting statement ! i have sensed this need of ' appearing your type ' in some of the other forums ( entp , enfp etc ) , where few members seem eager to make their ne apparent every now ... the question can possibly be answered if more efforts are made to find the neurological basis of it . there has been some work in this direction which i am aware of ( like dario nardi's ) but it's still ... we have chosen our mbti types as the ones which we then find the closest to our actual personalities . in a way , we have accepted the rules ( i . e . jungian functions and their preferences ) of ' how my ... after you came to know about the mbti and your type ( intp ) , there must have been considerable time you spent reading more , thinking , introspecting and off-course being active on sites like perc , ... i think you are right . intps can read the body language and intonations . they don't really suck at it . now as i think about it , the actual problem with intps seems that they kind-of really ' get ... so many views but no more replies to this thread ? i think i also need to start a thread asking how to keep your thread running as an op maybe ;) oh that's fine ! i enjoy the tangents ! ! ! :) edit : i myself have a well-developed ne by the way . so much so that , for long time i considered the possibility of being an entp . but i think my ... '