' i'm generally typed as an intp , but i'm fairly outgoing for an introvert . i mean , i like to stay at home the vast majority of the time and would be perfectly satisfied with about three to five hours ... relationship stuff based on type is fun to dabble in , but i wouldn't trust it too far . me : intp dad : intj mom : esfj brother : esfp my parents are recently separated , and i live with my mom . my brother's headed off to college . i haven't gotten along with my mom very well ever ... completely agree with this - although i don't take meds . i'm extremely talkative , especially in class when i know what i'm talking about . i go to my friends as a sounding board as well . however , it ... i get angry / irritated very easily with my family , but far less so around everyone else . draconian authority figures and complete idots are really the only other people that can make me mad against my ... 1 . i sometimes wish i could be more normal , and other times hate the fact that i can be so conformist , weak , and not myself . 2 . sometimes i think it would be better if i would change myself just ... hi guys ! i've seen a bunch of threads about intp / esfj relationships as friends , parents , and romantic partners . however , i haven't seen one about all of them put together . so esfjs , tell us about ... i actually posted this a while ago on the intp forum . luckily , i'm over that now ( whew ! : blushed :) , but i have a friend in a similar situation . i though maybe i could repost my experience here and ... yes . i hate small talk . just let me live inside my own head . leave me alone if you have nothing important to say or nothing interesting to talk about . i am actually a very huggy person around almost everybody . its kinda funny - around guys i sorta like but don't know very well , i get touchy . especially on the shoulder . i guess physical touch is an ... when i was little , i thought people didn't breathe all the time , really . they were just socially conditioned to think they should . so i would try and catch myself not breathing to prove it . i was mad ... thanks for your comments guys - reading them helps get a little logical distance . much needed , much appreciated , much better ! i'm only 13 , but when i was 5 , zoom on pbs was my idol . i would have given a lot to be able to speak ubbi dubbi . seriously . :D . does that count ? same way . an intp after my own heart ... * sigh * i usually dream at night . i forget them completely by the next day , though , and it's usually really vague after a couple hours . that's pretty normal though , nothing special . : ) i think dream ... my mom is an esfj , and we have a very strained relationship at times . i can see a lot of this in me as well . shnapple ! - no idea where that came from . my sean connery version of snapple . it's an all purpose interjection or adjective . awww yeah . boo-ya . - some movie ... * other person * : did you just ... i enjoy being intp , actually . i feel i'm unique . a big problem is my lack of female friends . i have this one really close female friend , and she's closer to me than probably any of my other friends ... i think i love you . i do enjoy a good troll every now and then . most of the time , it takes the form of ripping apart people's fb posts word by word . like , one time , a buddy of mine posted that she wished she lived in ... yeah , it really does get difficult to talk to her . it seems like her concept of right and wrong is completely based on what she thinks . whenever i try to bring up the concept that something is unjust ... i am thinking . it's just that i'm not listening to my thoughts ! :D and hey , i've had 3 months to think . i'm not rushing anything . to all ya'll i agree with what most of you say . thx for imput ... thanks for the imput , but i'm pretty sure i'm an intp . from the descriptions of intps , i fit . i agree that how i'm acting at this point is not very intpish , and i can understand where you're coming ... my current power song is sure fire winners by adam lambert . i don't know what my happy song is tho ... maybe brown eyed girl by van morrison ? or maybe say it again by marie digby ? i know . ya'll are probably right . i wonder why my logic side is refusing to work with me ? :D lol i hate math . very un-intpish of me , but i hate , hate , hate it ! i know some genius kids who love math . i mean seriously , would marry the subject if they could . but math makes me feel stupid - mostly ... okay , there's this guy ( who i'll call daniel ) i like that i met through speech and debate . he's a really great guy - isfp . cute too ... although from past experiences with different crushes , the ... i don't care personally , but i have to be careful . as a thinker woman with a bunch of feeler friends ( they are such girls :D ) , i have to be careful what i say around them . they are sensitive souls , ... please do ! :D haha ohhh ... you don't know my mother . i do that a lot too . however , with me , it's not so much mirroring as i draw the type of energy i have from the energy others have , you know ? and i always sing with the accent of whoever i'm ... i have a big world of emotions , but the only emotions i show outwardly are anger related , like frustration . thats kind of funny - i really like isfj's . of course , there's only two i know who are pretty much isfj's for sure . but they're really fun . one is really studious , and the other is smart , but acts a ... the because i'm your mother's are the worst . ( i don't care who you are , you are wrong ! it doesn't matter if you're my mom ! ) and as far as a shadow ti showing up when emotional , well , the only thing ... exactly ! ! ! shakespearian quotes , insults , idioms , etc . c'mon . we're the thinkers . we're supposed to know this stuff ! not over yet . how do you ( as an nt ) view sexual intimacy in relationships ? how important is it ? as for me , i'm a christian ( although , as is typical for an intp , i don't fit in with any particular denomination ) , ... there i thanked you . congrats for doing that which i cannot do ! i'm an intp . i like hugs , but then again , i'm a woman , so that doesn't really count . :) lol i think if someone will sit down and talk with me , that means a lot . especially if it's someone older or ... i generally love intj's . my dad is an intj , and we get along great . i love how we can talk about stuff for hours - stuff other people don't care about , but we do . i really need his j , because without ... as an intp , it's kinda hard to make friends with people i admire , because they are usually smarter than i am . i don't like to feel stupid around my friends . to the poster ... yes !  thats what sucks about feelings for intp's i think ... there are no definitions clearly set out to show us what feelings are , and there is no real way to prove that you feel one way or the other ... i can't even see my floor . it's embarrassing . thank god i don't ever have friends over . you know , it's kinda funny . i'm often the smartest kid in my classes ( statement of fact here , not arrogance ... no real type ... just bossy , arrogant idiots who think they're right no matter what . and feelers . especially ones who take everything personally . i only get really angry at my family . then i yell right back and sometimes cry . around friends , i get sulky when mad . when i'm trying to work with idiots , i get snappy . under stress , i become really withdrawn and angry , and if anyone talks to me , i snap at them . when i'm mad , i get this wild , emotional beast that comes out . and my inner logical voice keeps ... '