' i would never want to live forever . one of the best motivators for me is that one day i'm going to die , so i should make an effort to grab life before it passes me by , and if i could live forever , or ... i try to smile at everyone i see . i would actually say that creativity and imagination can take precedence over technical skill , depending on what your aim is . but i'd say learn the skills , and keep practising . to get over comparing ... i like that everyone's paranoid about the whole ' end of the world thing ' . when my calender ends , i just get a new one , and if i die before that happens i'm not gonna get a new one , am i ? it's like me ... i like the idea , and sometimes it'd be incredibly useful , but my pure feelings are my own . i'll learn to express them my own way and maybe hundreds of years in the future students will be trying to ... wow , another person who likes spaced ? ? hi ! ! ! erm ... like bombsaway i don't see any fe in tim . i can't explain how or why , cause i'm still reasonably unfamiliar with the functions and how they're ... if i was a vegetarian for a moral or health related reason , i'd punch the friend in the face and then explain to them why it wasn't right to make me eat the chicken . if they needed more persuasion to ... lilysocks my tv hasn't been on in months , that's why the dust people started living there . and yes , tv is ... except for certain things , but i can find those online . yes it does sound like that , ... lilysocks haha xd well my spelling's nearly impeccable unless i start thinking ahead in the sentence , or if it's my name . i can hear the bells ... well , don't cha hear them chime ? ... i can feel my ... wow , this thread is still going on . i'm in shock ... in a good way . lilysocks i'm sure the isfps don't mind you hanging out here , and if i am one too then i invite everyone to come and hang out . have ... 68 ... arkigos great , now i'm even more confused > . < is there a way for you to define ' uptight angst ' ( and not just make claims of it ) ? all i know is that i feel more comfortable on the infp thread ... emo_hippy i'm doing that by doing the thing i was originally not doing to procrastinate from my procrastination of my procrastination ... ;) oh , and in my mentions all i could see of your comment was ... emo_hippy of course i do what do you expect ? ? crazy people ... oh , don't mind me . i'm just procrastinating my procrastination . seriously . oh , and hi ! oops ... i voted for the wrong thing . ah well trolllollollollolll emo_hippy aha ! found you xd now there is no escape ... : ninja : thelizzyb 40 thank youuu ! ! xd paretocarethestare i think that's just a general pe / ji thing . to counterract it , i'm doing nanowrimo , which would be nearly impossible to put off until the last minute ... thelizzyb 40 wow ... that sounds ... amazing . like , breathtakingly beautiful . the way you experience life , i mean , and art . i wish i could live in your head one day and go walking in the woods . that ... orangesoda i started just after i said that . 24 hours in and i'm at 3000 words . i'm both proud and scared . and procrastinating . but i'm aiming for the full 50,000 words . it's a good test of ... 2 of my friends are doing it , and i kinda wish i'd remembered it , cause i'd love to be able to do it ... i will not forget next year . how i wish i did ... but the temperaments do correspond to the greek personalities , which then just goes back to mbti , so bypass all of the descriptions . if your dominant function is si , and your ... * random awkward noob interruption * i typed as a four on nearly every test , so i thought i was a 4 . then wake typed me ( twice ) as type 6 , and after lots of leaving it i came back to it and realised ... i voted 4 on the poll but now i know i'm a 6 ... 6w7 . i'm feeling like listening to something dark and creepy , and obviously this . if you think about it ... in the christopher nolan batman films , ( sorry for spoilers , and i haven't actually watched the last one yet ) batman leaves at the end of tdk , because he ... yes , fi is about internal values , like looking at something or thinking of something , and the automatic response is it valuble to me ? which is how fi makes decisions . it's often linked with emotions ... yes , absolutely . i wish i could sit down and just do something but i usually can't be bothered . but like ... i'll scribble something ( a few lines or whatever ) and then turn it into something else . or ... luftkopf haha , i just figured out your name means ' airhead ' in english ! i mean , i did look it up to check , but i was right ! xd really cool ... well , lettuce appears to have been around for thousands ... well if we have a concept of a problem , maybe it already exists in some form ? because if something could happen , then it probably exists , it just hasn't happened yet . but dealing with problems when ... you say that social status wouldn't be measured any more in terms of items , but items wouldn't necessarily be more easily obtainable . we still need precious resources to make items , like crude oil or ... merrick hellooo ! hi , and welcome . i guess you'd be welcome anywhere here , all the forums seem to be very friendly . it's a very interesting site and people tend not to judge ( seriously , like you ... luftkopf what ? i guess i mentioned this before ... i have an idea , kind of . apparently they don't just sit there in the ground until they're eaten , they reproduce . and they have flowers ... so kind of , ... stilldaydreaming your english is good , no need to apologise ! and thanks for sharing : kitteh : umm ... what the hell am i reading ? let's see ... he spends ages rattling on about the truth , the universal truth ( i call dominant ti / te ) and how it's so untrustworthy , gives us reasons why we ... i've always written more than i thought i had ... haha , i got the messge this forum requires that you wait 30 seconds between posts . please try again in 1 seconds seriously , one second ? leat i think i was told my trifix was probably 6-1- 4 , but i'm gonna do my research now . i remember reading something about it , and somebody typed god as a type 1 . i love that they felt the need to ... that's very useful , thank you very much . yeah , from the sounds of it a lot of people decide they don't wanna be an s . which is a shame , cause ss are very awesome . well ... apparently ... inguz haha xd i put it on mute . not by choice . i honestly don't know why i cried though , except that it was beautiful and i wanna learn how to do it . and i liked the music . the-wandering - ___ ( i think i got the right number of dashes ! ) i'm not worrying much , don't worry ! and i know i do the jumpy about thingy , it's just that the connections have always been apparent ... paretocarethestare yes , i know exactly what you mean . hmm ... hope you figure yourself out someday , if that's what you want to do . and you have an interesting username . damn hyper moods ... xd dublewoble i agree , screw stereotypes ! they're annoying and needless and worst of all i'm surrounded by people who actually believe in most of these stereotypes . and 15 ... arkigos thank you ! you made me smile . and hug my computer . great way to start the day . leat i do identify with the obsession with authenticity and ... whatever else was mentioned , but i did mistake ... wow ... wanderering ___ i just identify with it , that's all . literally all . but i identify with it strongly enough that my confusion is confusing . and nice username by the way , i had to copy ... hi ! unfortunately i'm reasonably new to this , so i can't do a full ... thing , but there's a couple of things . first , you said you don't have the compassion infps are said to have , but infps are driven ... out of curiosity , what seems like weak ne ? i mean , i guess it's the jumping from thought to thought ? or something like that ? i'm just curious ... i wanna say more but i can find out these ... leat arkigos i'm 15 . so pretty young still . i figured i might be too young to really be able to tell my auxiliary function , but i thought i might be able to . guess i can't yet . but this has been very ... hmm ... arkigos i know what you mean about xntj folk . sometimes . and thanks for all your help . oh , and i think one of my friends is isfp . she's awesome . just so you know . leat i'm gonna do another ... i don't see a reason for it not to work . if you like each other , if you connect and if you can work through your differences , then ... but any two types , under the right circumstances , could work ... i've had a few weird experiences ... most of which have been neutral . and a lot of which people wouldn't really think of as weird , i guess . i remember when i was in a waiting room at a hospital , i got ... arkigos how are you so helpful ? ? xd i didn't expect anyone to be so helpful . but then again i expecte it to be an obvious matter ... and to me it's not . and thanks ! but give me 5 minutes and i'm ... '