' golden radiohead yeahhh ! ! ! congratulations :D : carrot : . energetic to frustrated wow : excitement : put out fire because i would probably try to talk the burglar to death notebook or notepad chocolate energised and ready to fight the day crick where are sweets pressure optimism is vanishing into thick cloud of self abasement making space for retreat and confusion hugs ( there should be a hug next to the thank button ) duplicity risks to skirt take 2 661714 baseball didn't do much queen sunshine icecream beer i think this is something many of us can relate to ... hugs from my side and i'm sure you'll push through sooner than later if i had too choose a colour it would probably be something close to turquoise soccer :) quotes or poems best advice i can give is don't be afraid of living . i mean don't put your ideas and wishes aside all the time in exchange for something you don't want or are told to do . of course everyone will have ... just wanted to share this awake but relaxed after going for a short run through the woods even more beer beer work beer wow , how many details you can still remember ... i seldomly dream or remember that much . i'll have to read though it again in a while ... illusion robots parse why can't we just all own a flying carpet money ( lol , that was actually for the one before but still works ) confusion sunray devouring shell i don't know what to do next now that i am alone again work is annoying and hobbies don't seem all to interesting . at least the sun is shining and the pressure has dampened . lost i'm a ( boring ) programmer . i can be creative but i'm also really bad at organizing and get stuck in long-running projects . i randomly open up to strangers or people i don't see all to often . most people don't get a look in ... i was brought up to be very polite and i've sort of managed shave some of that off again . i guess by overthinking things and not really knowing how to react to a certain situation . then people might ... rainy wet cold i just hope i'm not trying to compensate for something and it'd rather be a pure natural longing i can't quite remember who or what i was trying to represent but thanks a lot :) how can i say thanks for getting a thank ? trash damn why am i so horny at times ( sorry if this irritates anyone but i needed to say it ) when you start sentences with well i was thinking that you were maybe thinking hooray ( ... heyy ... hoohhh ... heyyy :) this is fun :) ) '