' 339202 3392 10 339218 3214 58  re-reading this one - it is so good  i am curious to hear about the city that you all currently live in . i would be interested to hear your observations , what you love about it , your favourite spots , etc . i live in johannesburg , ... www.youtube.com/watch?v=409dbkllslo 316498 3165 06 316514 picking out a gift for someone you care about can be a nightmare : me : i need something that says i utterly adore you , but it always has to symbolise my support for what he / she values / enjoys and ... here is where - there will be fireworks the city sleeps but we're awake we spirit home before the break of dawn upon the streets in which we live and love and breathe and half the high-rises ... i am learning more each day that love is choice we make . going to give this one a try : 1 - god 2 - all the people in my life 3 - books 4 - lyrics ( i sometime don't even notice the music ) 5 - the first cup of coffee in the morning 6 - waking up to the ... 315562 seriously ... you articulated this so beautifully . i honestly have never even considered it from this point of view and i hope that i can learn from this . i have thought about it being a dependency / power thing , ... thanks to all of you for your insightful replies ! i do this too . when complimented , i dismiss it or ignore it . it never really sinks in . however , if someone criticizes me or comments about my ...  here goes nothing ... 314417 must ... try ... harder until next time : th_sur : i love this analogy , thank you ! it took me a long time to realize it but when i take care of people that is my wall to prevent myself from getting close to people . i do the same thing . my ... this knocked the wind out of me ( in a good way ) . it just made so much sense to my situation . thank you whateverlolawants - thank you for your post and for sharing . i can relate to being stuck in that phase , i had internalised a lot of remarks made about my appearance in the past but i managed to ... a would definitely bother me the most . i sometimes find it really annoying when people act without awareness . so these are some questions from chuck klosterman's book sex , drugs and cocoa puffs . i won't post all , but below are a few for you to answer : 1 . let us assume you met a rudimentary magician . let ... hi everyone , first of all i'd like to say thank you all for some of your remarkable posts on this forum . it has meant so much to me to hear from people that i can relate to . its made a huge ...  taint haunt linger periphery soulful solace grace warrior 312634    ... i wish there was an exact science to it :) alas i will ramble on and aim to articulate this for you . what has helped me is learning to recognise when i am putting pressure on myself and when i simply ...  305234 do you live for the love you've found ? some sad slow song to lay you down and still your weary worried heart throw light upon your darkest dark that unsung psalm burst into flame that wild black ...  i tend to feel this way most of the time . in my experience i have noticed that sometime i am caught up in my head ( over ) analyzing everything such as what to say , how to act , etc and as a result i am ... '