' short answer : no . long answer : nooo . i maintain good health , practice good hygiene , and i wear sunscreen on high uv days when i'm outside because i'm the perfect example of prone to skin ... 5w6 57 % intp 12 % istp 8 % entp i'm a bit skeptical of entp as # 3 given that i'm such an extreme introvert , but there you have it . sounds like a plan ! one thing i've wondered about ( since you've mentioned several times that you didn't want a child and being a parent was destructive to you ) , why , oh why , did you keep this child ? you could have put ... i am honest ( communication is difficult enough without peppering it with lies ) , but i am definitely not open . give others more information than necessary and you are just giving them more tools to ... 1 . what kind of music do you typically listen to ? i can find songs i like in probably any genre , but i most enjoy new agey celtic stuff . 2 . when you listen to music , do you get into it ? not ... i like it . the sexism irks me , i wish they treated raj better , and yes , it's shallow , but it's good for a laugh and i get a kick out of the setting including constant references to the kinds of ... no , definitely not . i'm pretty oblivious to this kind of thing in general , but when i do have an insight about a relationship or person it doesn't strike me out of the blue , and it is generally ... 5w6 enneagram , for what it's worth . i wear jeans , a t-shirt , and sneakers . most of the t-shirts i wear are the free-from-work variety , but i do have a few horse-themed and superhero-themed shirts ... hahaha , i had the dolphins are / aren't fish argument with my sister when we were kids . it ended up with both of us refusing to back down , angry at each other , and her calling me a know-it-all in ... i once worked in the kids section of a bookstore and they had a shelf labeled dinosaurs . on this shelf they put books about anything from actual ( non-avian ) dinosaurs to flying reptiles to ice age ... warp drive . unfortunately i do not have the time to devote to thoroughly reading his articles , so my input isn't going to be very useful to you . from what i did skim , he seemed to deny the existence of clear ... it's never occurred to me to think that i belong in a fictional universe i obsess over , but yes , the universe created in a story is often more interesting to me than the story itself and i often get ... things can go wrong with all parts of the body , and the brain is the most complex . it would be harder for me to believe that it always works as intended in everyone than it would be for me to ... i don't really care that there are awful people who are my type because they aren't representative or me , but this should be fun ... / googles famous intps hm ... not that much truly botherso - ... i suspect personality is majorly inborn and minorly influenced by environment . it seems like people generally more often show consistency from childhood to adulthood than radical changes . throwing ... i wonder if there is any intp who does not see it as a science experiment of some sort ? i certainly do , and i believe eryngo has mentioned the same thing . i already answered your question , but i had to add this : fullmetal alchemist . i randomly caught an episode on tv once and decided to watch since it was popular at the time . the episode had a ... i'd likely be a somewhat reluctant one ( i am not eager to risk my life given that i only have one , though perhaps this is debatable in comics world ) and i'd be very unlikely to overextend myself ( i ... no , because i've never interacted with them . i just don't develop feelings like that without having actual conversations with people and finding out what their personality is like . however , from ... invisibility or some kind of super stealth . essentially , being able to remain entirely unnoticed until we want to be noticed . this would be good for getting up to all manner of shenanigans as well . these are small sample sizes so likely to skew , but my family is heavy on n , t , and j compared to the general population . istj istj entp esfj entj enfj intj enfp i suppose my thoughts fall more in line with e . d . hirsch jr . ' s from the first link you provided . the argument saying that the idea that the author has more expertise regarding her creation means ... not sure , but i've only ever known one adult disney fan and she's an istj . very sj . i didn't even know there were adult disney fans like that until i met her . it is kind of baffling to me . i ... dang , this turned into a great popcorn thread . 700706 i think i'm leaning towards the istj argument for elsa . she was absolutely ridiculous in her dedication to shutting herself away , but ... dinosaurs still exist . they are called birds . / pedant anyway , if the asteroid had missed , we wouldn't be here . they would have continued out-competing us for any niche in which you have to be ... this sums me up pretty well too , with the addition that i also like silly old sitcoms and non-raunchy comedy . also , i really like world-building . discworld is pretty much my ideal entertainment ... i don't recall someone ever cutting in front of me in line , curiously enough . maybe i was oblivious . ( it's also possible i've cut in front of others due to my obliviousness . ) . i imagine that if i ... i always wanted children ( even though i was intensely uncomfortable around children ) because reproducing is about the closest thing you can call the purpose of life . the idea of taking part in ... well , littlefinger is evil so i would count him as someone whose actions we are supposed to find horrific , and arya is young and has had the worst mentors ever , so ... catelyn and tyrion both had ... but why ? this is where i have some trouble understanding this . this person designed and built a thing , so she is presumably the expert on the thing . then someone comes along , uses it , and then ... the author has said so , so i would consider that definitive . however , i have run across this oddball notion among some readers that the author is irrelevant and the only things that are true about ... i will add my voice to the chorus of definitely not an n . none of the trio are . he is isfp for sure . i do not take illegal drugs ( or even smoke ) . i do not live in my mother's basement . i am not lazy . i find good health and hygiene important . i like to be outdoors . well , in both style and content this , for the most part , comes across as something that could have been written by my estp sister . that doesn't prove anything , but it may help in a small way . also , ... i kept my nose in books , loved natural history documentaries , and watched anime ( back in the days of trading around 3x copied fan subs on vhs ) . i was escaping reality all the time . didn't really ... i've known a lot of istjs and they can vary tremendously . here are the two likely most diverse of them : istj a is likely the most stereotypical istj who ever existed . he tested nearly 100 % i , s , ... i voted left because that is where that political compass test put me , but i feel more like i'm standing in the center and everyone around me is sliding right in a toxic emotional flood of ... well , i grew strawberries and tomatoes this year , have my own chickens , and one of our cars is electric and mostly charged by wind power . just a few small steps towards the complete devastation of ... economic left / right : -8.0 social libertarian / authoritarian : -2.92 697866 i'm sure i'm destroying america as we speak or something . i'm trying to decide if you really are a creepy authoritarian control freak , or if you are just trying to sound cool on the internet . either way , i can't speak for all intp women , but if that is a ... i would like to state once more that i was not arguing against your system of belief . i was arguing against your desire to generalize groups of people not in your in-group so negatively . how could ... yeah , i had a feeling what i was trying to say would be lost on you , hence my eta , which clearly wasn't enough . i wasn't arguing against your belief system . i was arguing against your tendency ... 1 . what is your favorite genre ? fantasy rpgs and mmorpgs 2 . what console do you usually play on ? ps4 at the moment . 3 . are you competitive or casual ? i'd say people wouldn't stop believing just because facts got in the way ; look at religion now . but with your statement that we are assuming that people accepted it ... considering how many people ... though the way they did this isn't my favorite , there is some indication that intps are the least religious type : i speculate ... i don't believe in christianity . my proof ? the hate . that intense grotesque feeling ' created ' inside most people of christian faith whenever contemplating the beliefs of peoples not of the two ... i couldn't say , but the most prolific lier i've ever met was an estj ( and he was likely quite an outlier when it comes to the average number of lies voiced by any type ) . he lied nearly constantly ... i absolutely believe this and it sounds very much like two of the three enfps i know . i said that the enfps were sensitive ; that's not the same as saying they can't be logical . the two very ... '