' uhhh i can't even . have you seen the stuff we've replied to ? constructive stuff is fine , your stuff is fine , it's an opinion that you can at least partially back up . it doesn't apply to all ... i like that quote that trigun 64 stated . people mistake me for being simple because i say simple things . why would i clutter up conversation with unnecessary thoughts from my inner mind ? no one wants ... no , but you're saying that because sensors rely on experience , we're less intelligent . everybody relies on experience . experience is the culmination of outside information . you seem to be under the ... from now on whenever someone typist calls me stupid i'm just going to ramble on and on and on without any real logic or point and at the end be like , and that's why you're wrong . refute me , i dare ... yeah but to get the things you need outside experience . in order to connect things together in a meaningful and relevant way , you have to apply them to something outside of yourself . you have to get ... every piece of information that you take in is based on experience . the only way your intuition knows how to work is by experience . the information you actually intuit is based on the reality around ... oh , so your past experience with sensors ? you mean ... you formulated an opinion based on your past experiences ? ... like ... sensors do ? ! ? ! ! ? ! ? hmph . probably not an intp . probably istp . ~ * ~ * experiance , huh ? well , now i might as well just walk out with my tail between my legs . that was the most convincing thing i've ever read . how big and bold of you . >:) care to back that up , or are you just going to throw around ad hominem attacks ? maybe not ad hominem , because that implies you are actually attempting to use logic in the ... once again , not about you . and furthermore , your statement to back that up once again is just saying that you express love the way that you express love . you even admit that you don't express love ... once again , i haven't called you ignorant because i wasn't actually talking to you or about you . making this about yourself once again is not a flattering trait . i am discussing what i have ... i haven't called anyone typist because i don't see typist behavior here , i see ignorance and i am trying to correct it . you are failing to grasp any of the points i am making and you are accusing me ... i always understood the course material very well and enjoyed doing the work . i always felt like i was kind of in my element academically , which is a very rare feeling for me in general because i am ... yeah most entjs i know woudl find this kind of behavior irritating and irrational . because number one : he's being an idiot . and number two : he's not even being rational in his approach to business ... i've never said that nfs are not love oriented . i've never even said that nfs don't value love over other values that they have . i said that you can't make exclusionary statements like that . it's ... oic , so you only make sure to curb your discriminatory marks if people are legally protected ... how very noble of you ! tbh , i think it makes it that much worse if you don't see type as anything ...  why thank you ~ ( for the intrigue part ) a lot of isfjs probably think the things i say , i just say them because i'm nuts . i'm also not terribly tactful , because my fe is low . not all of us are ... this is half responding to quote , half rage . some of it applies to everybody , some of it applies directly to the quote . guess you'll have to use that intuitive intelligence of yours to figure it out ... yes , and ? just because people have ideas about things doesn't make their ideas right . no person can be truly objective because all of their preconceived meanings and ideas come from within themselves ... when you keep waiting for people to arrive at their point , and then they say things like , oh - that was the point or there was no point ... ... hardstyle is pretty great , dj caffeine and all that . isfps vomit rainbows . what do you mean , entjs cry ? ! i didn't know entjs had tear ducts ! ? ! ? ! ! ? ! worldview : shattered .  ... sarcasm aside , what's really weird though is , as a feeler myself , i've never cried over the ... ... the facts are truth . meaning is open for interpretation , therefore isn't compatible with fact . that isn't to say that what a fact means is or isn't correct , but when you try and interpret facts you ... everything in here is true . everything . i'm actually a lamp post . none of these are actually qualities of men , they're just qualities you guys like in men . objectively , what is masculine ? ... that's what she said . the responsibility of an action comes only from intent . if you trip and fall on someone and hurt them , you are not guilty of hurting them because you did not intend to hurt them . if you punch them in ... horses in my dreams like waves , like the sea they pull out of here they pull , they are free rode a horse around the world along the tracks of a train broke the record , found the gold set ... you mean in terms of topic ? i couldn't answer , it's far too varied a question . if asked to name deep topics i could probably come up with several thousand . life , existentialism , philosophy , etc ... i've considered it , and even made a case for it , but apparently not ! i wasn't ? i was arguing the point of the thread i assumed you made . once you told me you hadn't made the thread about that , i left . ( after attributing to what i assumed the thread was about , which ... 1 . why , do you think , we become the majority of all types ? probably because we get things done . that's just the way it is . if there weren't sjs society would probably built out of nerf . 2 . how ... but , see , then , you say things like : so ... what did you want to do ? you don't want to talk about sensors vs intuitives , you don't want to talk about cognitive functions in relation to depth , ... oh , i think i misinterpreted the difference between informative and directive . it has to do with diplomacy & tact , i would consider that related to f entirely , yeah . ( remembering my directive ... it's a big , giant pile of cash . : happy : this whole thread is ni and si clash . of course they clash . but if both of you are actually intelligent you can learn to understand eachother's perspectives . that makes for a deeper ... i've always been a high ti user . ti is concerned with precision , j is concerned with structure and order . i recently made a thread about this regarding whether or not i use te or fe , but it was ... i fail to see how this is relevant since we are both isfjs and both use ti . sometimes when i am learning something new i get frightened . because it exercises the far corners of my mind , it seems like i am elevating myself up over my mind and trying to extend to places i ... yeah there are also lots of complaints about that , too , so i suppose you're right . sfjs aren't directing ? what sfjs have you met ? :P most of the complaints i hear about sfjs are that they are directive and oppressive . though , compared to structure , i think structure would win . so ... i like nts , a lot . i have a feeling most of them don't like sjs , though . who knows . entps are cool , i enjoy hanging out with them and all of the entps i have met have been good people . i like most of ... and once again , that's because his point is still unclear and he's still upset some people don't get it . because despite my having left this thread , dude , he is still rambling on about how i didn't understand and how i misinterpreted all of it and how everybody else is misinterpreting it . i'm explaining ... trigun 64 has no one ever taught you to write an essay ? you don't start talking about the thesis point in an essay in the middle of an essay and surround it by irrelevant topics . this is what you ... '