' two nights ago i had a dream that i was in this play that was a fairy-tale mashup kind of thing , but instead of snow white and the seven dwarves there were 12 of them : aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , ... i'm still in school and i regret not studying harder over the past few years ... stressing over college application stuff isn't helping with that either ... provide cheap global wifi and you'll be worshipped as the greatest dictator in history gumbo ! it's my last day in alabama before going home , so i'm making sure i get the whole southern experience : food and all . if i had the time , i'd totally make gumbo for my friends now , but it ... the lions of lucerne , by brad thor . his books are like james bond movies , but way more complicated and believable , too . laying in bed thinking about how i should probably get up soon , but then rediscovering social media every few minutes the dress is blue and black , not white and gold . blue , red , and if i'm feeling grungy and rebellious i even go with black . my jeans have to be slim-fitting , though , or else i can't stand even to wear them in private . for some reason , i'm extremely ... oh yeah i'm terrified of dying alone , and also of dying without achieving anything significant . but being a 2w3 , i feel like social connections and achievement overlap more often than not . new social ... in less than an hour i'll be leaving to get on a plane to my grandparents ' vacation home . fun , right ? that is , until you discover how painfully conservative they are . they are not going to be happy ... omg that's so me ! well of course ! who else could i actually be ? i'm not much of an mbti expert yet , but i think it would boil down to cognitive functions . since entp and entj have completely different functions . an entp has the functions ne-ti-fe-si , while an ... nah , just curious . not yet , anyway ... i read this thing about a celebrity and social media , so it got me thinking about it : laughing : do you ever wonder if you're super close with a celebrity on perc but don't know it because they use a fake name ? i started watching it and it was like really good , but then of course my brother took over the series on netflix and would freak out whenever i watched it without him , only to watch like 10 episodes ... in my opinion it boils down to whether you're an algebra / calculus / etc . or a geometry / trigonometry / etc . kind of person . if i put in enough effort i can do decently at either kind , but my brain is more ... i know you tried i did , too you shut me out as i did to you you may deny it i do , too but life won't be the same as you without me as me without you i wish you the best he could have some sort of mental disorder or something . of course , this is no excuse for his actions , but he might not have been aware of the severity of what he did . it also sounds like since he ... death note matches your description perfectly . it's filled with tons of complex characters with interesting sets of motivations and is definitely a very dark show . there's a lot of death , but a ... 430593 social 1 ) generally , i positively associate with the idea of being a part of something larger than myself . though i may find it either overwhelming , because of my astute awareness of what lies ... i've never really tried dc yet but i'm a pretty big marvel geek . i've been meaning to ask about this for a while , but do any of you play planeshift ? for this of you who don't know what it is , planeshift is a simple but amazing lore-focused roleplay that's ... enfp people can be really inpatient , and i know this first hand . sometimes i get so excited about a surprise coming up that i just have to tell people about it and ruin the surprise because i just ... okay now that i've put some thought into it , there are a few people who i want to thank . i'm fairly new here , and there are a few people who were super helpful in getting me into some fun and deep ... if i got a nickel for every time i'm asked if i'm high , i'd be living in a penthouse suite with like 20 cats and touring the world in a private jet . i've actually never been high in my life , but i ... when you took the quiz getting infp , your answers could have been inclined towards what you think you are , but at the same time you probably know yourself better than the quiz . i'd do some research ... hey everyone ! for a blog post i was thinking about answering any of your questions for an enfp , 2w3 , taurus , etc . like me ( you can see all of my details in my signature ) . it doesn't even need to be ... it might not have to do with personality types at all , but just drama . there are all kinds of things going on in everyone's lives that others don't know about , and maybe it's just a bunch of things ... you know you're an enfp when you can't keep track of all the off-topic tabs on your internet browser . you start out with a simple news article or something , and keep getting distracted by ... d'aww thanks clyme ! i have a feeling that we'll have some really cool deep conversations in the near future and can't wait to get to know you ! i had no idea that this thread exists ! i'll have to ... i bet there are plenty of sj's , sp's , and nt's out there wishing they were an nf . each one of the 16 personalities has its pros , cons , ups , and downs , but it's so much easier just to embrace who you ... wow that's really cool ! it seems i'm also an internationalist liberal same enneagram type , mbti type , and generation ? this friendship was just meant to be ! by any chance , are you a taurus ? if so then we just might be dopplegangers . i agree with stelliferous on this . it sounds like you're trying to group all of these individual things together into one big label and / or mass of problems . it's so much easier and more effective to ... i know i'm somewhat newish here and most of you don't know me , but if any of you have interacted with me on perc i'd love to hear how i'm doing in a forum community , as i'm fairly new to this kind of ... hi there ! i'd love to hear about the characters that you've been developing , since i'm also a writer in need of inspiration . generation : z mbti type : enfp enneagram type : 2w3 political ideology : i got solid liberal according to this quiz but which quiz did you take , jagbas ? i haven't doen much research on political ... back in elementary school my neighbor and i would have a new get rich quick plan every few weeks ; always starting as something simple like a lawn-mowing service or a lemonade stand . then they would ... 427226 have you asked any of your friends about this ? if they feel the same way maybe something's up , but even if not they could have some useful insight to the situation . i feel your pain ... in some ways vibrate is even more obnoxious than a nice soothing alarm ... back when i had my alarm on vibrate i almost fell off the bed sometimes because it would jump me . hi justine ! welcome to perc ! what kinds of music do you listen to ? also ... has anyone else noticed that the robot didn't post here this time ? what's going on ! ? you know me better than i know myself . calm down ! you're like friends with everyone . how do you know that ! ? how are you so adorable ? i just realized that you're really weird . 425482 i don't know ... all of them are so sparkly ! i guess ... amethyst maybe ? i just like purple . 425394 swede has a good point . that isn't to say that you're lying , chunky , but everyone perceives things in different ways . quite often when one person interprets the situation one way , all of the evidence ... attack on titan and death note are my two favorites ! okay you're like really cool ! : laughing : hey kou ! :D welcome to perc ! : kitteh : what animes do you like , if i may ask ? i'm a novice weeaboo so i might know some of them ! '