' ok guys , enough of this mess , back on topic now ... i ain't no expert on zombie apocalypses , but i think the brainless type has a fair deal of chance surviving it . don't know about intjs , but if i love someone immensely , i'll be hugging them until they start choking and mumbling i love you , too , now release me , pl ... * cough , cough * no , i've had enough of this herd mentality , thank you . so , this is what you get when you want to make a poor joke about it and you search the internet for something like volvo robot ... ... going on a tangent is easy , infp . try going on a cotangent and see for yourself how it ... eh ... feels . no , i don't think so . however , if anyone wants to fire you , they'll just do it for whatever reason they may like . in my country , we have a wise saying : if one wants to beat the dog , one will find ... my all-time favourite xkcd : duty calls health . we actually prefer to plan everything in advance and we're never spontaneous . no . not everything and not never . wait , does it mean i actually voice out loud most or even everything i think ? fine , people around me will finally stop calling me weird sometimes ... and start calling me insane instead . but ... i can only hope for more problems like these for all of us ! ( i mean : solvable ) i always feel like a jerk afterwards for deliberately using words like idiot , stupid , brainless in arguments . then i'll try to approach the person diplomatically and apologize and i'll try to ... but maybe sometimes it's really about the nail , swede . silence . because the observer hasn't studied jung / mbti / etc . yet and simply doesn't understand . ( ni - ) te is a preference for employing tools like differential calculus or factor analysis to find to most accurate model of some external system , identify the determining factors , variables , ... yes ! and outrageous too ! of course we do love ' em , cute , furry , fluffy , tiny creatures ! what are you looking at , eh ? i recently stumbled upon a few threads about this nice guy monster and when i saw a video that exhorted people to even kill him i thought to myself that this must be some brand new public enemy no ... 8 . do <type> like <type> ? 9 . i like this girl / boy , plz help ? 10 . do intjs like cats ? ( please , disregard this post , no good literary analogy atm ) it's always good to look at any possible piece of data . these graphs below won't certainly answer all possible questions about monogamy ( understood as still the most popular form of marriage in the ... powertrippin ' . i mean , really . it's just another manifestation of social drama . nothing more . also , witchhunt - - caring way too much to find the guilty or scapegoats when something goes wrong and ... i guess it would be okay to be famous for a discovery or invention of something really , really breakthrough , like a mind reader , a teleporter or ultimate cure for cancer . but becoming famous by ... total lack of spontaneity . daily activities scheduled with pert tools . demanding facts to support opinions of personal taste . overplanning ( in reference to this infamous concept of overthinking , ... no , odin forbid ! no deliberate sitting and thinking of whats and whys . total internal spontaneity . instead of meticulously observing yourself you have to literally catch yourself by your throat at ... i'm not a cooking fanatic , but i somehow always get this mighty sense of accomplishment each time i prove myself i'm able to prepare a meal actually more complicated than scrambled eggs . ps . yes , ... i value intelligent solutions ( applied intelligence ) more than intelligence as a personality trait , so to speak . generally speaking , solutions that use up fewer resources or / and help anticipate and ... are you sure you can call it friendship when basically also , don't be afraid of a single , quick , firm and assertive you're talking about this once again , i'm not interested or something ... logical . ( at a party ) hey , meet johnston , he's ... uhm ... logical , y'know , but he knows how to party with people he doesn't know well when he likes the music . true , true . logical meaning ... for me , it was first realizing that there are these funny defense mechanisms of personality , then getting round them , then letting myself acknowledge that deep dark feelings belong to the human ... what would you say if you read even a few chapters of that book by mark hauser moral minds and learned that morality is also ( let's assume ) at least partly determined by our genetics ? that moral ... when some people ( i mean this special kind of men ) think that being a manly man mandatorily entails getting drunk each friday night at a pub and puking beyond the horizon afterwards , just to ... i'm becoming more and more comfortable with expressing my anger openly , as i've learned something the hard way - - if i bottle it up , it will damage me in the end . and no , you don't have to shout to ... could be something like this , quite stereotypical : i'm just wondering why no-one mentioned that directness would be usually the key in both situations . i agree . it's got to be black . and bold font . there's simply no other option . as for your question - - a library full of random books that cover a variety of subjects mainly because i don't have ( just ) one specialized topic that ... i , i , i-i-i-i-i , i , i , i-i-i-i-i ... no , not i , actually he is being haunted , listen ( starts at 0:28 ): this . kathy kane , i think you put too much trust in what people post on forums like these . i suspect not everyone comes here only to have grave discussions with their poker faces on . based on your ... for example , you could use te to organize life somehow for maximizing security for your loved ones . but i guess you're asking if it's possible to love someone who , for another example , blatantly ... heh , of course ! that's easy - - meet some awesome intjs instead of terrible intjs . natural languages are far too inefficient ( even english , the most concise of all i know ) . all these perc discussions could have been written in some kind of artificial , symbolic language - - then it ... no , thank you . except for other minor disadvantages mentioned by some of the preceding speakers , immortality would also mean wanting or even being forced to want to accomplish infinite number of ... very good , very good . classical intj-like sarcasm simply has to be recognized . keep up the good work , man ! : cool : sometimes i need some kind of a formula ( even a basic , polynomial one ) that best approximates the set of accumulated data ( think of a collection of points in a typical 3 - d cartesian space ) . instead ... i frequently tap my fingers according to the drums / percussion line in the song i'm listening to . no , that's not weird enough for this thread . so ... i know : the weird thing is i usually also invent ... real death stare ( intj ) vs fake death stare ( infj ) fake smile ( intj ) vs real smile ( infj ) ... and some other facial expressions along these lines . c'mon and admit it people , we all were chimpanzees once and stealing each others ' bananas was the most favoured olympic sport . it's still in our brains , you simply have to shit on your opponents ' ... '