' looks like you love taking that test lmao i do too some people on this website are really scary , or maybe just plain retarded i mistyped as a 9w8 for the longest time , i could really relate to the 9w8 sx / sp description , which said , and i quote : reinventing themselves over necessity , and i told myself it hits the nail on ... well there's no two sides , it's not black and white , i'm not like your highly pessimistic , insecure and scared of the world friends . but like others said , they must be ill have social anxiety and / or ... lemonade is damn good from time to time funny , because i'm surrounded by people who either want me to be like you or think that i am like the quiet friends you're quoting in your message - which is totally not true and fail to ... i mistyped as a 9w8 for the longest time , i could really relate to the 9w8 sx / sp description , which said , and i quote : reinventing themselves over necessity , and i told myself it hits the nail on ... absolutely zero nostalgia about that shitty decade istp 5w4 youngest of 6 there's like no correlation , this thread is kinda funny , because there's like 42 pages , and no specific correlation between birth order and mbti type were found . i think it will be around the 21st december of the year 2012 . just my thought tho . this is normal behaviour period . he was just tired , but yeah it happens to me personally , i don't know about other istps . and i think you're just overthinking this problem overall . ask him . ... it makes me hate everyone i don't know too i summon you yeah istp here 8w9 , i think , most likely balanced wings enfp this site doesn't even work ffs . 4w5 9w1 7w6 5w4 sx / sp yeah a bit off topic lmao , this avy looks badass , your avy looks very aesthetic too ! pretty sure sx / sp is worse lol , it is comtradictory , even though i wish of an healthy life , i am driven by intense experiences , as unhealthy as they can be . i'm on tinder , but curiously , i definitely prefer real life first contact . i feel like you can miss out on so much interesting people on tinder , but also meet people you find interesting online but ... would like a try on my tritype too it's just way better with someone you really care about , that's why i don't do a lot of night stands 1w2 - snip - does not make religion any less bullcrap to be honest 1 . what do you think your life is about ? what drives you in life ? this can be something like a goal or a purpose , or anything else that comes to mind . my life is about a young guy who needs a lot ... questions are lame , you have to be severely unrealistic to have more than 70 % on a value . 9w1 2w3 7w6 is that a recurrent to this type ? used to be picked on a lot as a kid for physical and cultural reasons . was bullied all my childhood by my own brother ( very unhealthy 8 , or unhealthy 6 ) . lots of ... 9w1 4w5 7w6 i don't like the poll : 1 ) it certainly does not make you cooler , and the really dumb people are the ones who think it is and smoke just because of said fact . 2 ) it does not make them seem less ... answering to your question : istp . we're not cold psychopaths , of course . it's not all black and white , especially with us since we prefer it grey . a lot of istps are really expressive and ... born in a religious ( muslim ) family - that's all so stupid . told them i leaving the religion , never regretted . fake asses i want cersei to win / jk no , seriously , i bet she'd make a good ruler if she wasn't borderline mad . i want jon snow to win the war and then destroy the iron throne . daenerys ? you mean the ... extremely intrusive people . you know i'm starting to think of something really interesting or i'm trying to concentrate on something i'm doing physically . and then my sister starts raping my ... the lannisters send their regards . hugh mungus you are ugly as fuck . just bought battlefield 4 for 5 bucks . the campaign sucks but the multiplayer is great , as expected you sound fun . well , that was funny isfp i used to . most people are similar nowadays , following trends of character , being shallow . but well whatever i don't care about other people more than myself . i do sports to stay healthy . otherwise i don't do much tbh i love doing solo sports like boxing or running at the park . or some sports club like football and basketball . well i'm more interested ... seems ti for me intp . that makes sense , but aren't every bi naturally more attracted to one gender rather than the other ? there's 3 answers in this poll that refers to bisexuality it seems what does sporadically hetero / homo means ? lmao you're either gay or hetero , not sporadically . what kind of bs is that fi yeah , i can relate to this . when i'm done , i'm done for a lifetime . '