couldn't be said better . also , ' deus ex machina ' in a hidden , sneaky way . and a few questions with that : 1 . did you practise ( if there is any sort of practise or mastering in your field in that way ) since you were a child ? 1a . since how old ? 2 . did you start of ... thank you :) i tend to forget that uhm * cough * i still suffer from teenage angst because i get it in my head that i'm not as bad as others ... how wrong i am . and you reminded me of it . ah now this especially has helped clarify the arguments made above . i can definitely relate to the sticking up for someone regardless of who they are thing . i've done it a few times . you seem ... oh alright . i will also take your perspective into my discovery . thank you ! i do see an argument has started ... don't blink . don't underestimate the value of my empathy question i'm not underestimating it . i just don't know how to estimate it . i can't give you a number . i can't make statements like ' i am ... thank you , i found your post really helpful =) i would ask but i'd pretty much know the answer haha . i was a erm talkative child.my mother got headaches from me talking so much haha . but no one my ... better understanding of myself , really . i don't know who i am so i was kind of hoping science would ( relatively ) . i am / was also kind of a chameleon like person and never felt a sense of assured ... like the world has failed and all is doom and gloom . also , unicorns . unicorns are found inside of infj's . i'm sorry , but i couldn't resist :D . it's just something i threw out there . i don't know ... it was in the workshop for a bit too long me thinks . true , but i would in no way or shape call myself an extrovert either . people wear me down . i took two yesterday . they said my type was ... 1 . ) how old are you ? fourteen . young for some but this is considered ancient to those my age . 2 . ) how important is relationship ( a partner ) currently for you ? not much really . i don't care if i ... personality cafe decided to be a dickhead and delete my post , so i can't be bothered to type up my post again : s but basically : i don't feel like an infj yet , it's the only one that fits . i've ... you're extremely loud when you're passionate about a human cause . my friend said she didn't believe in gay marriage and all the buttsex whooha ( just being gay in general - . - ) and it was because ( she ... intj . i used to score that actually , on the first ones i did . but , it changed when i moved away from my very intj ( heavy on the t ) dad and only visited him at weekends . my mother is also an esfj ... hmm . i've never really experienced that before . it's more like , people just ' lose ' interest in me and leave . like that . i tend to be kind of clingy and territorial about my close friends because ... i feel the exact same . the worse thing is , that i know it's true ; i will be replaced or forgotten . it's more or less my life story . everyone forgets or replaces me . even if i've been good to them ... the only reason we have human rights is because terrible awful things ( slavery anyone ? anything and everything that's ever happened in history anyone ? ) happened to white european people ... and they ... not everyone can be a leader . * downs whiskey and looks shiftily between everyone * . seriously . everyone ( well atleast in my country ) is promoted to be a leader and ' to lead ' ! which makes no sense : ... i'll be free . i'll be on my way to the big apple with my sister , and hopefully surviving okay on money from my first book , savings and a job that doesn't require a university diploma so i can write ... where i live ( britain ) we don't slap the label fast enough , in my experience . usually , i'm one not to label ... but sometimes , you kind of need to . i've been / in ( almost finished ) therapy and i've never ... i've read up on the whole ' sensing vs intuition ' differences and the one that's stuck out to me the most is that sensors are supposed to remember things a lot better than intuitives . i find this to ... i can only be a leader when when people are proactive and involved . otherwise , it's very frustrating to just ' tell ' passive people what to do . leadership just kind of ' happens ' with me . i'd say i'm ... britain's good . especially birmingham , or well , in the middle class areas ( sorry-kind of how you define everything here ) . i've noticed that as you go higher up , they prefer quiet . the extroverts are ... ^ ^ that quote was perfect . i used to feel extremely guilty afterwards , to the point it'd destroy me . but then again , why am i not allowed to be angry ? why am i not allowed to verbalise my qualms ? ... - my body image . but that might be because i'm a teenage girl :P - addictive personality as well . - lack of willpower - lack of self esteem - my intelligence . but that might be because my ... currently present . after fighting it a while , it gets tiring . fantasizing about ripping someone a new asshole ( verbally ) is not nearly as satisfying as actually doing it . and it only comes to this ... in a classroom , i hate it . to me , class is for discussion and liveliness and yadayadah . all my socialising for the day :D but if it's between a person and myself , i don't care . i'm not going to talk ... my problem's within the science qualification . to do any sciences whatsoever in university , you have to have the same one you'd need to do medicine . i can't do anything science related , or at least ... kind of . we're all getting tested soon and well , there's my last shot . i mostly face being the disappointing child of the family if i don't do medicine . scrutiny , mostly coming from my father . this ' do or die ' feeling's always been natural . not healthy , sure most ... i was put into a class where i wouldn't be able to get the appropriate science qualifications to get into university despite that i was not struggling the year before , i had beat my target and i was ... so , i'm not going to bore you with how the english secondary system works , but basically the qualifications i needed to get into medical school ... i got screwed over by my teachers so that there's ... all the time . there was this scottish kid in my school and whenever he spoke to me , i'd reply with his accent . it just ... came out . also , little things my friends and people i know do - i tend to do ... green , so long as i can fly fast ! i'd wake up only 50 minutes ( i take a damn long time to get ready ) before school to fly there in 5 . and in the holiday's i'd pick up and fly to europe in my back ... everyone just love love loves to talk / moan to you about your problems . whenever . whatever . while you're giving birth . while you're sleeping . whenever . whatever . now , at first , you loved it because ... yup . especially when i'm walking in an area without loads of people i . e my road . then i imagine getting attacked and raped.it ' s not fun . not a fun thought , so early in the morning . we should host an olympics in north korea . then , all our trained badass athletes / agents take mr kim out and his next in lines . happy koreans ! ( note : i didn't think this one through for it's ... to some ... namely , my very catholic school ... if i'm going to speak ( good luck ) i'm going to be giving my opinion , i'm going to be asserted on it and it might very well shock you because of how brutally honest / crude it is regardless of what ... hmm , is it bad that physical expression makes me uncomfortable ? this was such a lost cause . ' it made sense in my head ! ' i'm not trying to look for ideal , just one that doesn't make me feel like killing myself or her 90-80 % of the time . where when i talk to her , my anger isn't translated into sarcasm that goes way over ... fuck this i'll do something strangely enough , when she's talking to me , she's the more vague one sometimes . to the point it annoys me . which is pretty hard , being the master of vague . my problem is that she's mothering me , too ... no , not really . i understand my mother and why she might do things . but she doesn't get me . at all . i need to know what's confusing her so i can ' adjust ' myself in those areas . my mother's an esfj . the esfj-infj is infamous for being ... hazardous . so . before i commit murder , i'm curious about what esfjs don't understand about infjs so i can improve my relationship with my ... i love you . and of course , with such similar music taste , you're also an infj :P i thought the pretty reckless was only known to myself ? ! infj i'm pretty fluid :: p i'm pretty serious about my music . so it takes a lot for me to finally call myself a ' fan ' of something . i'd call myself a fan of the rhcp and soad . but i listen to : ... prostitution should be legal . religion is evil . abortion should be legal . suicide should be legal . drugs should be legal , but moderated in a way ( not for young kids ) . well , i don't really have much choice . not more than ten years ago . it depends on whether i enjoy my freedom or not . i am a black left handed female . i could get killed for all of those in most ...