' my latest work is a corellian light freighter , the bold eagle ( not bald ) . she has a similar hull design to that of the yt - 1300 series ( for example the millennium falcon ) , yet she has a different ... i made a new star destroyer model a few days ago : ... look into my eyes ... the reaper : a ) b ) ( in a nebula ) ... first part of a possible series : if they met in the first episode we see spawn and deadpool meeting . ( spawn is created by todd mcfarlane ( published by image comics ) , deadpool is a character of ... thanks ! : happy : yeah , that's why i wrote me , myself and i , because the werewolf with earth , and gabriel symbolize me . : wink : just me , myself and i chilling , no earthling humans invited . : wink : emma frost ( i finished this picture on 25th january ) emma frost - work in progress - based on a cover of uncanny x-men . my second star trek themed starship model : uss curiosity she's a connie refit , with more modern weapon and shield system , and ablative armour ... on 9th of january i created a new ship model : the reaper - - - today i drew a new ... so i decided to make a flyby animation with my new tardis model : : happy : thank you ! :) mister bubbles and a little sister a random woman , i drew without reference photos ... return of gabriel my new tardis model ... gabriel ( one of my alter egos ) returns once more , now as a traditional drawing . - work in progress - a few days ago i drew her . she's just a random woman . i didn't use any references , just my fantasy . ... i played through bioshock for the first time a few days ago , and i thought it would be great , to draw a picture about it . so , here is a bouncer ( aka big daddy , aka mister bubbles ) and a little ... i played through bioshock for the first time a few days ago , and i thought it would be great , to draw a picture about it . so here is a bouncer ( aka big daddy , aka mister bubbles ) and a little sister ... a question from shadow ( here is a translation for you : first part : there is a shadow in every one of us ... second part : ... the question is ... third part : a question from shadow here is a translation for you : first part : there is a shadow in every one of us ... second part : ... the question is ... third part : darth revan-preview - ( the scanned version will be better ) darth revan-preview - ( the scanned version will be better ) they will never see , what they don't care about ... they will never see , what they don't care about ... back to the pencil ... yesterday i decided to draw darth revan . this is how the sketch looks now . ... so , yesterday i decided to draw darth revan . this is how the sketch looks now . ... i seriously don't know why i didn't make this picture before . allons-y ! i seriously don't know why i didn't make this picture before . allons-y ! my comic book superhero , shadow . haha ! this made my day ! : laughing : so this is how my comic book super hero ( shadow ) would look like without his shoulder guard and wristblades . ( model created and rendered by me with blender ) : happy : ... i decided to update my tardis model . well ... it looks much better now , but still needs some work . :) i decided to update my tardis model . well ... it looks much better now , but still needs some work . :) it took a while for my laptop to render this picture ( 5464x3072 ) of the two ships ... the hammer of justice ( vigilante class ) and the thunderstorm : happy : ... i created her a few minutes ago . she is a vigilante class ardian cruiser . ( i created her to be an illustration for my book . ) ... i created her a few minutes ago . she is a vigilante class ardian cruiser . ( i created her to be an illustration for my book . ) ... my latest drawings , sorry for the bad quality , but that's the maximum my phone can do . wereskunk sketch - full ... my latest drawings , sorry for the bad quality , but that's the maximum my phone can do . wereskunk sketch - full ... red five standing by . : happy : and so i returned to 3d modelling ... : happy : x-wing class fightershttp :/ / fc00.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2012/289/b/8/x_wing_fighters_ii__by_deirgderc-d5i0iwh.jpg rico , you can post them . i'm pretty sure that your digital drawings wouldn't be the first ones on the thread . so , go on ... amaze us with your drawings . : happy : the imperial fleet ( recommended music : john williams - imperial march ) : happy : today morning :) spoilers river song's diary what if you found a diary from your future , written by someone else about you ? would you read it ? today i made a smaller landing craft for my book's main character , the ship's name is thunderbolt ... today i made a smaller landing craft for my book's main character , the ship's name is thunderbolt ... well ... i tried out blender ( a freeware 3d program ) and made some models . a random star trek themed starship : ... even though i promised myself to suspend 3d modelling with blender for a few weeks , i couldn't stop , and i created a starship for the main character of the book i'm writing . i present you ... the ... '