' if this person is an infj this thread compounds my confusion over why entps and infjs are supposed to be a good match . no i'm bad with family . i loved my maternal grandparents but one died and the other is a shell now due to dementia so may as well be gone . i love my mum and sometimes we can be best friends but we ... ( i'm 30 but just wanted to answer this ) yes ! i just about remember pre internet life and it was ... boring . sooo boring . the internet is the key to my happiness , i think . finding out ... i don't think i really do jealousy if that is defined as fear of losing someone - i figure everything happens for a reason and if the other person isn't 100 % happy with me and staying with me through ... really just two things i ask . freedom intimacy / friendship yes , i did marry my best friend ... and it feels great ! :D this , so much this . we're just so painfully logical . i think the ' break ups ' ( if you could call them that ) that have wound me up have been the ones i've been unable to logically figure out - like , ... yes to this - i find a lil competition actually gets me off my ass with things ... and i am barely ever sat still just watching tv or whatever , i'm usually tinkering with another hobby whilst watching ... i live in yorkshire , but am from lancashire , however , as you probably know , the war wasn't yorkshire vs lancashire , it was house of york vs house of lancaster and that ecompassed folks from ... i just cannot fathom how isfj / entp works - maybe its better isfj female-entp mae because of trad . gender roles ? isfjs seem to really loathe me ... we just don't understand each other and i feel like ... ermagerd , i love sunne in splendour too and wrote my ' bearnshaw ' series off the back of it - check it out on amazon if you like ;) the reviews might not show up in america but on the uk page its at ... same same same when i first met my intj husband , i decided i was never going to speak to him again . he had to really chase me and demonstrate his resilience and intelligence . once i decided i did like him , we ... 1 - did you ever meet an infj man ? why our supposed perfect match are rarer than pandas in us zoos ? did you ever meet other entps in real life ? did you like them ? i haven't knowingly met one but ... ain't no way sophia was an entp . yeah , sometimes i think i have so many personas i dont know which the real me is ... ' be yourself ' is impossible for me , i'm too buys reflecting what's going on around me sort of . intj husband ... i think we're coming at this from different angles . being a genius doesn't mean having to get rich to show off that fact ? maybe we don't want a pristine showhome , maybe we have better things to ... yes ! had to stop reading the thread and jump in at this point ;) female entp here and experience most of what's been discussed by the others . - we're rare - male friends are better because we ... i really don't think intj , i think an intj would be far too preoccupied with themselves and their interests to want to control or be responsible for all those people ... stupid sheeple i also think ... seems few ! do you think gender expectations play a part ? as a woman it feels like you're supposed to just be ' support crew ' to a man . quiet , supportive , consoling , needy ( to make them feel ... really interesting icy , thanks ! i think if things were to go sour between us , it'd be the same for me and my husband , we'd accept it , shake hands and no hard feelings . so , it seems like it can ... ha , amazing . especially the ' a girl cries ' bit . agreed grrr , which is exactly why i posted . i was constantly told when younger that i was older than my years etc . and i did come across as really mature and caring to people when i needed to - ... i suppose you're getting self pity now aswell ... * puppydog face * lol , it's really not . i don't even get where anyone can get bitterness from with that ? * sigh * i should never try to help , should i ? i don't know what that means , even googled it , but nothing - care to enlighten me ? it's the randomness i love - you there , yes you , let me just plug into your brain for a while , no strings ... oh the exquisite delight when you find an intelligent one ! haha . heyyy , i thought at least here , in the entp corner of the net , i could enjoy discussing something without being told stuff like that ? or are we not allowed to play with non entps even if they wander ... it's not horrible as such , i just know how much it hurts ' the feelers ' out there ( even though i can't actually * understand * that ) - because i usually get * exactly * the kind of reaction i'm getting ... i bet most people being played by an entp would say the same , if we weren't good at it , it wouldnt be much of a game ... look at the facts ( if you want to ;) ): when there was no one else around ( and ... this might not be what you want to hear , but entps live for conversation and debate , and we're really charming and able to adapt to whoever's in front of us and push their buttons ( positively or ... similar - i view myself as a storyteller . i can write a novel or a screenplay , work in the medium of film or radio . i can also design and draw well . guess i'm just good at getting my message ... yes ! debates between entp and intj feel like clash of the titans , lol in the past i craved another version of myself - oh what fun we'd have together , being spontaneous , so fun , so charming , and hogging the limelight . he'd be tall , handsome and quirky . we'd be an ... me and my intj husband make a really good team when we're working together . it only falls down because he's happy sticking to his one long term goal but i jump about from idea to idea . i'm a flighty , can't-stick-at-anything entp who never had serious relationships . until i met my intj and settled down for the last 7yrs . we're perfect ; just the right amount of nt similar so we ... nah , no advice . my weight and fitness fluctuate , i can't stick to anything and am prone to just enjoying myself too much #yolo . the best exercise for me is exercise that achieves something , ... as i've aged i've come to realise that i don't get emotions and now i know why and can recognise it and try to work with it , so i think i'm getting better with that . it's more her complete not ... depends on the idea i guess ? is this an entp thing too do we think ? i just love going on chatrooms and chatting to random people . everyone else seems to have grown out of it but sometimes i just need to connect and feed off ... * weeps with joy * i am enjoying reading all this sooo much , and identify with so much . i'm the child of an entp , a ' genius who couldn't make a living ' as described by another poster above . he ... i dunno , i'm comfortable talking about my feelings in relation to anything , but the thing is ... i don't have many and i think that upsets people . i have opinions , but ' feeelings ' ? about sex ? well , ... that's it , i think i have a lot of women who i think i * would * find attractive , if only i found them attractive , lol - so we're just intense mutually admiring friends instead 8) yeah i'd like to think i date people not genders but have never been sexually attracted to a woman :( * high five * great to be able to roll eyes at each other at any kind of kidfest ! i like what adultchild's written and a lot of it goes for my partner too . he's an alpha , but a real one , not someone who has to flex his muscles and be a macho dick all the time . he's quiet and ... female entp - firmly straight . not because i have any problem with homosexual activity , in a way it appeals to me to be a lesbian because it would be ' different ' ... it just doesn't do it for me . i ... i'm female too and exactly the same . attracting men is a game for me and it doesn't matter what they look like , it's all about keeping my interest and as soon as it's gone , so am i ... it entirely depends what i want them to think , and that depends on the situation . i use a different persona for each interaction . sometimes i will dismiss people entirely if i think they are stupid ... yup i've always done the persona thing : facebook causes me problems . '