' ideal you real you introversion | | 53 % my relationships . don't care who does it , i personally , would not . welcome to infp-topia . yes , we do have cookies . cookies laced with dreams and love and sparkly things . : crazy :: kitteh : i loved them all , but they're sequels in the sense that they can sort of stand alone as individual novels . like in the second book , gathering blue , jonas is only mentioned in the end of the book , and ... that was one of the first books i remember being my favorite . i read in 6th grade , and i recently re-read the whole series in preparation for the final book that ends the series . it was one of the ... sometimes you just gotta do what you can and don't let it kill you . i don't even know where it came from , but it goes through my mind every day . awwkward . i'm never not doing weird things . ... honestly i think everyone judges everyone at some point . it may not be a harsh judgement , sometimes it's just a harmless appraisal . i try my hardest to remain judgement free , but i slip up sometimes . 55773 55774 for me i get overly ambitious , and overzealous over how i'm going to make all my dreams come through etc . but then i get discouraged because i don't know if any of it is actually possible , or if i'm ... i regrettably spent a portion of my life trying to get best answers and top contributors . : laughing : i'm probably not the first to notice this , but out of all of the personality type forums , infp's have the most threads with 11,715 . i assumed it was probably because of our need for introspection and ... a new bag because i spilled coffee in my current one 5 or 6 novels i've been meaning to read a knockoff burberry scarf a pair of converse and some study material for school howl's moving castle ! you're a perfectionist yet a procrastinator : tongue : to build a home by cinematic orchestra ! one of my faves . writer : haruki murakami . his words are so lovely . reading his stuff really takes loads of my shoulders . philosopher : henry thoreau . i'm pretty sure this dude was getting high off of shrooms or ... isfj lol sims 3 sims 3 sims 3 : mellow : i am terrible at getting back to people . i don't keep up with text messages , or return calls . it has nothing to do with that person . i'm just a horrible procrastinator , and sometimes i just don't ... this thread might be able to help you better than i can , i've never really factored in mbti into any of ... social life : when i was in high school i felt like i had that same problem . i didn't really participate that much , and my extra-curricular activities consisted of sleeping and blogging . a lot of my ... the way i deal with my parents is by knowing there is only so much i can expect from them in terms of dealing with my emotions or my situations . i accept what little love and understanding my parents ... if it's a party where the majority are people i know , then i'm pretty comfortable and i can talk up storm . i never really party with a bunch of strangers so i'm not sure how i'd act . in the first ... #151616 #251617 in all honesty , i don't think being an infp defines who i am . i believe there are many other facets of a person's personality and soul that can't be typified by four letters . sure , mbti may define ... i use i feel a lot . i feel like ... i feel that .. thanks for the advice , there's no harm in trying ! i don't think the way i met my best infp friend was all that interesting . when we first met we both thought the other was unapproachable and intimidating . i knew she was going to be my best friend ... i don't believe i'm bipolar . i'll try that .. but i have a feeling she'll get defensive and unresponsive . : frustrating : i'm slightly awkward , but that has little to do with being an infp . i'm a pretty social person , i love being around my friends . i can be a bit of a loner , but usually in an unfamiliar environment . i was browsing through my sister's tumblr inbox ( i know , a grey area in the realm of ethics , and all ) and i got a lot of insight into my sister . she usually lies without guilt over and over again ... i had a terrible morning , i was angry , frustrated and teary-eyed and to make matters worse i was running late for school . as i was walking up to school thinking about how lonely i felt and fighting ... it's happening to me too , not sure why . coffee coffee crash i'm pretty good at making my thumbs touch my arms . my best friend's spending the weekend with me ! : crazy : 50666 i think it fits with infp's nature of idealism and fantasy . lol i love this . oh , how the tables have turned : tongue :: tongue : i find that most of my friends and i have a lot in common . i think i unconsciously gravitate towards people like myself . i clash most with my family , especially my sister . i suspect she's somewhat ... i feel the exact same way but at the end of the day i figured i'm more of an introvert as my energy is focused more inwardly than outwardly . i'm very goal-oriented . i might not achieve all that i set , but otherwise it's a motivator . i find if i don't set goals from time to time i become apathetic and aimless . it doesn't bother me most of ... i do that as well . for me it's as if the person never existed . i don't like the idea of being vulnerable ; my emotions exposed for anyone to see . for me to open up it takes time and trust . this is such a sweet video , made me cry . i use tumblr quite a lot . it's simple and it's an easy way to express yourself ! manifests.tumblr.com not into either song or artist but regina spektor's sounds better . '