' people just getting into mbti wouldn't understand sensor or intuitive ? as well though . i think it's nice that it's simple , straightforward , and easy to understand if you're new to mbti . :) also , ... this mbti test has only five questions and is an experiment . after being interested in mbti for over a year and studying for hours on end , i've come to the conclusion ... lol , that's awesome ! ! i'm happy to hear you like it ! :) some people took my mbti and cognitive functions test so seriously that i thought i'd lighten the mood with a silly stereotypes test ! you can take it here : i'm not knowledgeable enough about enneagram , but that would be really cool ! i made this into an automated test that you can take here : please share your result below ! the test has been taken 100 times so far ! :) thank you to everyone who has ... the red spirit machine.language about 73 % of the people who selected a type got the same type they selected . that sounds like a pretty good track record to me ! especially considering ... wow , he doesn't sound like a very nice guy ! sorry you had to go through that . :( okay , so you chose an e , n , f , p , si , and fi answer , and you chose both ne answers . even though the test has ... i made this into an automated test that you can take here : please share your result below ! i wouldn't say the test is necessarily flawed . i would say tests aren't ... i agree that doesn't make you an extrovert , but it seems very ne to me ! just something to consider , and if you don't think it fits you , definitely stick with infj ! :) thanks for the information ! it sounds like you're an introvert to me . :) i think people who are confident they are j probably are , so definitely go with what you think ! as for ne vs . ni , it sounds like you picked the ne answer thinking that ni users can't explain their ... thanks so much for your suggestions ! when it comes to p vs . j , those answers are really extreme . i think extreme answers do two things . they make it less likely for someone to think there's a ... that's really interesting ! why's that ? i would think an introvert would prefer to spend time alone , because they can recharge and it's not as draining for them . do you find being around people ... there are two questions where you can answer s and n on the test . when it comes to e vs . i , i don't want to have the same question written in a different way , and i haven't come up with an e vs . i ... i agree , and while it may not be a good indicator for everyone , i think it does pretty well . it's a hard thing to test ! you know you're an intp when you know there's no way you can know for sure . and when you get zoned in on something so much that you don't want to do anything else . your sleep schedule is a mess and ... same ! lol i've heard that's an intp thing . they can see multiple ways of looking at information ( ne ) and can poke wholes in their own reasoning ( ti ) . just keep reading , and hopefully it will become clearer . you really strike me as an intp though ! i highly recommend you check out funkymbtifiction.tumblr.com and personalityjunkie.com . they are my ... i don't think the second option is going full hermit at all ! i would definitely prefer that one , and i think most if not all introverts would . are you sure you're an introvert ? that would mean you ... sounds good to me ! :) it's always good to self-type after taking a test and not just go by that . the first time you took it you got isfp , so i'm not sure what your type is . i'd say compare istp and isfp , because estj is very different from them . okay , so i created a test that combines mbti and cognitive functions . it not only tests e vs . i , s vs . n , etc . , but also fe vs . fi , te vs . ti , and so on . there are 11 questions , and it takes less ... i wrote down how some things you wrote struck me , and some of what i wrote is contradictory . i've gotten to where i do that when typing , because people usually don't answer completely like one type ... all things considered , i think istj . :) i saw a lot of i , j , fi , and te in what you wrote . you definitely don't seem like an intj , so from my perspective istj is the best fit from the information ... i used to be so scared of rollercoasters with any significant drop ! while that kind on rollercoaster is still not something i want to go on , i've gotten to where i don't mind tamer ones . i actually ... update on the test : it's been taken 53 times so far . of the 22 people who have taken it seeming to know their type , 16 were typed the same , and two were typed as introverts when they thought they ... intj i made this into an automated test that you can take here : please share your result below ! psyche aqua considering adding this question to the test ( or ... i created this thread before i made the test , so i added the link to it so that people who want to take it can . :) sorry for the confusion ! the biggest way i think the test could be improved is with e vs . i , but that's tricky . all the same functions , different order , and i think an introvert could answer like an extrovert to any e vs . i ... thank you ! :) glad to hear you like it ! from this , you definitely sound intj ! it's actually more difficult to type someone with a written test , because they can be more indecisive , and you ... i made this into an automated test that you can take here : please share your result below ! i love your signature ! :) if you relate strongly to both functions , that might explain it . you also answered the perceiver answer instead of the judger one , so i think you may have confused the test or are an infp . it's ... you chose the ne and si answer instead of the se and ni answer in the cognitive functions section . which type do relate to more ? praimfaya & marshy 14 i made this into an automated test that you can take here : it's quicker ! :) please share your results below ! glad to hear it ! :) i agree with you , but for the sake of testing i separated them out . :) i typed you as an intp after talking to you too . if it helps , you answered the intp answer to every question the first time ... my advice would be not to take a long time or overthink . just answer what comes naturally , because your first instinct may often indicate your cognition . :) i looked at what you answered , and i would in fact type you as an enfp . i corrected what i think led to your mistype . :) thanks ! i got intp as well , which explains why it took me so long to figure out my type . lol would have thought myself to be a feeler as well , which i think makes sense . i've heard people often ... i made this into an automated test that you can take here : please share your result below ! :) hm , that's weird . you could try taking it on your phone / computer ... i made this into an automated test that you can take here : please share your results below ! :) double thread created by mistake . hi , so i came up with an 8 question mbti test , which i have now updated after testing it out on this thread : ... sometimes the functions and letters didn't line up , and that's where i found the test to be weak . she mentioned improvising feeling vey unsafe to her , and that makes me think she isn't an enfp . ... quernus if someone came to you and asked you to make a decision about something , what would your thought process be ? it would be a mixture of curiosity , nervousness , and what am i being bothered ... i wouldn't go by profiles alone . i'd say really think about the motivation behind what you do and about how you think for a while . you might find yourself noticing your first two functions as you ... have you considered entp and intp ? you could take a look at this and see if you relate to either : ... i really don't like knowing that i made someone unhappy or offended them because of something that i've done , and i'm generally bad at guessing people's feelings . this part is what made me think ... '