' don't hate extroverts ! you guys are fun ! my only real issue extroverts ( introverts included ) is when extroverts love to talk to me when i'm like reading or listening to music , when i'm in clear ... he sounds like a depressed istp . he probably needs to talk to someone he can grow comfortable talking too and help him sort his new path out . because we hate discussing emotions , you'll have physical ... yep , completely understand this . extreme anger from frustration can sometimes lead to tears . or dealing with a highly emotional topic i can't handle . otherwise ... i think i might of cried when bambi's mom died ... when i was like 5 . i would say sex is one of my favorite hobbies . however i'm not in anyway promiscuous , it is reserved for people on a personal level .. such as boyfriends . i do not view it as a highly emotional ... intp i've been asked more then once , and i was super depressed this fall . i'm going to go talk to someone in a few weeks . drawing mostly , but i also paint and erm graffiti .. also did some semi-pro photography for awhile . gratz ! what ? ! this whole time your real name isn't raichu ? i feel betrayed and unloved . :P same . ( one word answers , totally istpish ) lol isfj is my guess . you are diffidently not in the sp temperament . i'd add more to the post but i g2g . :D i haven't seen them all , but mononoke and castle in the sky are my top favs . sounds right to me . the firecracker label is something i can gladly live with . : cool : i don't think my heart has ever been open . but i don't think i've ever known a enfj , or at least well . darn you elusive intuitives ! where are thou ? ! no we diffidently don't do hugs ... at least without it not being really awkward ! chalk could be fun . you could draw a human outline , make some fake blood , and if you can find some fake police line .. you can really freak your neighbors out . everyone has pretty much already suggested most of my thoughts . however photography can be cheap , interesting and only requires legs . i own a dslr , but some of my favorites have actually came from my ... i don't like cooking much .. mostly because i'm impatient . this might be one reason why i find men with culinary talents attractive ... just sayin ' lol i agree , also they seem to fit into myers briggs well . thought my results seemed fairly istpish . took this on two occasions . first time i got .. deliverative adaptability individualization relator imput ( 2nd time ) adaptability orange , green , blue , gold in no exact order . 1 . guitar 2 . reading / writing 3 . drawing 4 . archery / other sporting things like softball 5 . video games ( mostly rpgs / straedgy / action adventure ) 6 . photography 7 . singing in ... i think alex turner from arctic monkeys might be infx my friends and myself pottermore / mbti types are : istp-gryffindor intj-slytherin esfj-hufflepuff isxj-hufflepuff istp , we kick butt , and don't require other people to keep ourselves content . that's the career i'm studying for , and i have had similar dreams but only after i started school in cj . i think it's just your subconscious from daily activities . i'm sure other types in the same ... not really , when i graduated collage i will be going into a more male dominated field .. but i didn't let that stop me . so why did i go against the grain ? # 1 . as a sp , i quite got a hang of the ... no this sounds like postal service . that sounds like every other crappy pop / rock teen band . there is debate , but eminem could be a sp . i hate owl city . it's a rip off of the postal service , and crappy too . ben gibbard from death cab for cute / postal service = a real lyricist . your a true istp . cheer up . we're awesome . just talk about something that interests us , best way to get a istp to open up . i'll lend you one my zillion leather jackets , and we'll talk about what mixes best with rum , as we wait in line for a rock concert . white too i only say that , as it will only get harder later . i used to draw a lot . your drawing diffidently shows natural talent . if you feel like making drawing more of a hobby i would highly recommend a set of drawing pencils . cut him lose now . it will only end badly . you are young and have plenty of time to meet others . my first thought star wars , obi-wan , qui-gon jinn , yoda . i think the main character from the movie submarine might be as well . in true dark istp style .  think that sums it up istp's are usually pretty laid back , but small things that could seem trivial to others could really get under our skin . for example , i really do not like getting ordered around by people who ... diffidently . xstp ( leaning estp ) i don't really count fb much as social interaction . i'm introverted , and sure we are having a discussion , but technically .. i'm alone .. in a room by myself . :D pisces , & chinese dragon i've always thought it was stereotypical that the quiet people was more intelligent , as they are not busy running their mouth and actually paying attention and doing their work . so i sorta find this ... i agree with all of these , especially the whats wrong ? when you don't have a smile on face . or i might smile about something .. then its what are you smiling about ? seriously , can never win . if you did get something harry potter related ... get the deathly hallows symbol . it looks wicked . i plan on being in another room , only socializing before we eat . and drinking lots of wine . 1 : what's your mbti type ? istp 2 : what's your gender ? female 3 : are you the eldest child , middle child , or youngest child ? middle 4 : how do you learn : hands-on , seeing , or auditory ? seeing / hands ... '