' a ) or e ) fix a great babysitter to be with the kids that the kids like and do something for him / herself i'm not neutral for any . i don't do neutral :-) i want my partner to be a team . sometimes , ... you can install both mac and windows on the same computer . and you choose at boot time . you're right . but i don't see it as virtuosity . for me it's more about expressing my fi . and musicwise , for me it would be to compose . i have made songs but haven't really managed to express my ... actually , i would say that you did . maybe not consciously because you were too young to have an explicit will about it . it just happens that you've been in contact with painting at young age and been ... thanks a million for all your inputs . this is so inspiring ! the thing is for me that i really feel i am here on this earth to express things . to communicate something . and it is totally new to me ... i woke up in the middle of the night sweaty and my heart full of anxiety . i don't know what my talent is and if i don't try to find out , i'm gonna die one day without even knowing myself or having ... i get really mad inside . but usually , i just fence off and leave the place . at least mentally . i don't see the point of arguing loudly . injustice is the topic that triggers me the most . i just can't ... i think it really depends if you find : - a topic or an area that fascinates you . think about what you're interested in at reading or what kind of documentaries you can spend hours watching . usually , ... like in everybody on this planet ? nope . surely a very culturally dependent thing . i spent some time with my relatives the past 2 weeks . i took the chance and had my parents do an mbti test . i was amazed that both turned out to be isfp's too . and my brother as well . all isfp's . it ... i relate too . what a great threads and posts ! ! i was single until age 24 . i was too shy and too busy to get into dating and stuff . and then it hit me at 24 . since then , the longest i was single was ... this whole general idea of romantic love feels very dead to me . having a binary norm single / couple-for-life of relationships is quite medieval . a partner is a good friend with whom you have a good ... it strikes me that indecisiveness seems to be largely tainted with negativity . being indecisive may be bad . but not necessarily . i find myself comfortable being indecisive about certain things ... asking artists to express in words what they feel inside is like asking a mechanic to make a choreography of what is needed to repair your car . not really , i know . dodgy analogies ... just trying to ... if i consider a relation in the long term , i tend to have an unpleasant knot in the stomach . i feel that commiting will limit me , and one day i'll die looking back at my life like i haven't allowed ... i'm not the op but that interests me a lot this you're saying . i kind of agree that the trust issue is learned behaviour , most probably during childhood . i kind of disagree that it necessarily ... this helps a lot ! thanks a million naotoshirogane ! this is pretty deep so i'll have to let it settle in me for a few days :-) thanks ! yes ! at social occasions with non-parents , i often hear that they feel disturbed and looked down upon when someone else says you'll see when you have kids . in one way , i totally understand their ... same here ! at the mention of love , i close my eyes and think of all the beautiful moments with my kids . i see them growing up , my heart and my eyes fill up with unconditional love in an instant . i don't have any major problem to date or chase a partner . of course , i'm a bit shy sometimes and my heart races when i'm really attracted to someone but i don't find this to be special to isfp's ... actually , i read the isfp is a service-oriented person , who defines their personal worth in some part by how happy they make others . this is typical of people with the feeling preference . the ... - totally agree ! and thanks for your detailed inputs . this is teaching me a lot , both about the mbti types and actually about myself . it's very liberating to compare se / si and ne / ni instead of s / n that ... sounds cool ! another test ! :-) type 1 perfectionism 30 % type 2helpfulness | 70 % type 3image focus 42 % type 4individualism | |8 2 % type ... that's very interesting indeed . to me , i like the idea that everything is connected which makes the universe so complex and so beautiful . however , my approach of difficult decision making is quite ... thanks naotoshirogane . i really appreciated you spent so much time to describe for me the cognitive function in my everyday talk . this is very enriching . when it comes to enfp / infp , it's that i do ... 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i've got both the infp and isfp results when doing mbti tests . and i find it hard to find which preference i have . 2 ) what do you ... i feel totally comfortable with saying no to advices . i know it puts people off but then i think that i don't need this kind of people in my life . too self-centered that they can't realize that ... first of all , thanks angaliene for bringing up this topic ! this forum is a great place to bring this up . and i really welcome the initiation of digging into this . i do believe that there is some ... i usually did the mbti test with my dates and it was funnily shocking that 90 % were enfj's . during the dating period , it was really nice , because it pushed me to put myself out there and the ... i like how you organized your home you are so reliable you're very inclusive you never miss a detail for me , progress is having felt feelings , experienced stuff , learning things , being sensible to new things and discovering how all things are connected to each other . however , i know for sure that ... it's hard to tell from your story how it was for the others . when your friend said that it feels really awkward with me around , and it feels like im a creep , it could be a shit test and she was ... oh i do feel unable to be myself most of the time . most of the time indeed . i'm pretty much in the moment all the time but afterwards , i reflect and wonder why i acted like i did and question ... one interesting article proposing other perspectives which even if not necessarily all true either bring some nuancing in the question why everything you've read about ukraine is wrong - forbes i kinda stay neutral or peacemaker . actually , if two friends are having an argument , i'd tease both and give perspectives that haven't been considered by any of them . they'll eventually join cause ... i want to be accepted for who i am without being judged . i don't want to lead or be led . i just wanna live side by side . but somehow , the closeness of a relationship always start to turn into ... i see myself like a old wise guy to whom people come to to discuss how things are working and how everything is connected with everything ... but somehow , what i dream of is really peace inside . i have the great honor to be the father of 2 children . and i've never felt so good as i am with them . everything is so simple , self-evident and unconditional that i really find my place in this world ... same here . and by experience , i notice that i sometimes get too involved . i loose perspective and i just make my own life harder than it could be . eventually , i can also hurt people unnecessarily ... i'm really sensitive to this thing . i notice that otherwise , after a while , i'll feel used and taken for granted . it's a very bad place to be for me . and the next thought will automatically be to let ... thanks ! i haven't thought of it as a rule of integrity . i was kind of looking down at it like a weakness or a fear to commit . this is exactly where i am . it's weird to get recognition for something we don't even like in the first place ! for the interruption stuff , i got the best advice 3 months ago about email : check your ... of what i understand , there are no 2 sides . there's a very small minority of people interested ( economically , politically ) in having a conflict and who pretend to talk in the name of large ... a coincidence lately has made me think about how little i am engaging in persuasion . if someone else's will conflicts with mine , i naturally come to think that we should both do what we want ... i've just made a post in my calendar to remind me the 30 august : infp day ( there's no way otherwise i will remember it ... ) i did online dating and i thought it was quite fun and rewarding . i'm an infp male so of course i didn't get many views or contacts but i didn't really care . statiscally , it was probably a ... wow , that's a great idea ! and it appeals to me that it's an internet forum thing just because it's not commercial and kinda pure art ( and that i don't need to sit in meetings for hours to do some ... statistically , it's pretty lucky to be an infp male , since it's quite rare . and i'm really happy to be who i am . not hollywood-happy , but really , i'm so satisfied of having all this sensitivity and ... listen to me and accept that my thoughts , opinions , feelings and views are not up for negotiation unless i explicitly say so . respecting my inner world is to not try to change it . i easily feel ... '