' i can't remember exactly , but it was an informal training environment , which makes it all the more ridiculous . i simply said we should make our computer passwords ' iloveporn 420 ' , or something ... i am pretty sure i'm going to stay an lone wolf and stay away from society as much as i can . i feel as if i'm constantly having to watch what i say so i don't offend someone . i've already had 3 ... i'd say you need to not hate it , but i don't think you need to love it . there's more to life than work and there are things outside of work to focus on . i simply just need to be in a job that i ... alex is the name . but since he is more absent , the world is more alive . the universe is exposed as a myth , but it is never more powerful and beautiful . one has now realised the path to true ... wow that was very witty bitch . omfg nice rooms bitch . i stand corrected feel free to gloat at how wrong i was lol and back when i was still considering dating you'd have met the image of the sort of girl i was looking for , ... clean that fucking room up bitch . and get some posters and colour up in that bitch ass room . and get some sleep and stop logging onto pornhub until 2 in the morning lol . you'll be more ... 712938 i'd say the best way to keep psychopaths away from power is not to create positions of ultimate power in the first place . make it so any power used is carefully monitored and any power gained ... i'd hardly say psychopaths make the best rulers . and humans hardly need to be psychopaths to make cold , calculated decisions . and what makes someone a good ruler is a matter of opinion . a ... sorry to the superior intellects that i'm offending . i can only describe my own experience . i don't ask for believe or faith . just go into it yourself and find out . that's all i ask . please . meditate in a field by yourself . anyone who has done this for tens / hundreds / thousands of hours knows what i'm talking about . just do it . what you believe or what you believe you know ... is ... i never feel lonely really . i sometimes like the idea of connecting with someone , but it's rare and only when i watch certain movies . i know this could be on the spiritual board , but i think it has a place on this board as well . meditation has done wonders for my anxiety and depression . it basically taught me how to let go of ... batman is an intj , especially this version with batfleck . superman - i'd say isfj . he doesn't want to hurt batman , and i can see fe inside of him . he doesn't seem to have that fi conviction in ... intj here and i like the old disney movies . they were well made and have a lot of feeling , meaning and creativity in them . the newer ones just don't capture the feeling in the same way for me . your empathy quotient score was 23 out of a possible 80 . scores of 30 or less indicate a lack of empathy common in people with autism or aspergerx 92s syndrome . intj . damn i wasn't expecting ... after a few hours of meditation - this morning . . i'm starting to practice to get better with zenyatta on my ps4 smurf account because just playing mercy is getting boring . i agree with this thread . some people get into leadership roles purely because they feel impressed with themselves and powerful . i'm against it - 1 . because free will is an illusion . therefore we'd be killing someone for something they have no control over . no one can help how they are . if we had the same starting ... got a few weeks off work . gonna get some meditation in and git gud at overwatch . i need a team to go into comp with because i'm stalling in comp in the mid 2000 ' s . i dunno guys , i like to be as self critical as possible , but last season i really buckled down to improve and climbed up from 1900 to 2700sr , and got stuck around that level going on winning and ... me : as long as i don't look like a slob , i don't care . for work i wear a suit , i gel my hair , i let my facial hair grow for 2-3 weeks , and i brush my teeth 1-2 times a week . i run 3-4 times a week ... because i'm triggered / emotionally hurt by some things , but i respect everyone's right to discuss these things regardless of my pain . c'mon , part of you guys would love to see an intj with a long term vision of destroying the self-righteous conquer them all . obviously we will lose in the end but he will have the beauty of ... jon is too sensitive , but daenarys is too emotionally volatile also . i don't see how tyrion is too sensitive . he might be quite understanding and therefore maybe too forgiving but i don't think it ... me - intj . who i'd want to win - tyrion . i know a lot of you are rooting for daenarys but i don't really like her . she's a lot like most of the other assholes with power in the series ... funny , i always saw him as isfp . he's a photographer and seems in tuned with his senses . i don't see the ne in him personally . it says iron maiden . rofl your the most intj looking woman i've ever seen . i understand why some people prefer the newer spiderman actors to tobey maguire because they are more similar to the comics . however , as movies - the first two sam ramai movies were just so much ... the most attractive quality about someone is confidence . if you don't want to share , then don't , but if you look at previous posts , no one is picking on each other for sharing photos . if the worst ... i believe there could be something completely unfathomable that had the power to create the universe that we can label god . i'd only ever adopt a kid , and probably around the age of about 10-12 . i don't want to go through that diaper changing period . but i probably wont even do that . i'd rather be alone . i've been told i look narcissistic and dead eyed ... opinions ? lol 695322 click to enhance view for your own pleasure . you look weird , i like that . you're obviously uncomfortable but that can be worked on . how sad . it should probably be given it's own little facility to run around in . i'm open to the possibility of something that we can label god . me - intj . for me it's the nihilanth from half-life . his species are hunted to extinction and it was human scientists that caused a catastrophe that created portals that allowed creatures from ... what sort of ideas ... thanks for the reply . i don't really care what other people think about me in the sense that i get offended or defensive , i just don't see why anyone should be mature . i think maturity is just ... i'm intelligent and very practical . i've been saving money from a young age and always consider the consequences of my actions . however , i feel like literally 7 years old some times . i'm not ... hmmm ... i'd say somewhere around 23 years and 154 days . '