' if he likes delineating blow-by-blow events of people's lives , perhaps you could give him a blow-by-blow of your life a little each time he texts ? then - after exchanging texts for as long as you're ... sometimes complex family issues - and demands - can create awkward interplay between people when a wedding is involved . family members ( sometimes mothers , sometimes fathers ) can insist that the ... contrary to all the hype , we are anything but mind-readers ! intuition can often sense realities concealed within a person , or mysteriously just know things about them ( hint : it only seems ... may i add a thought ? confusion about one's mbti type is likely due to enneatype influence . there are stereotypes - as well as statistics based on such small segments of the world population ... i'm sorry about how you are feeling - i can only imagine what kind of pain you are going through . :( may i ask some straightforward questions that might help you sort through your feelings ? if ... be yourself , be genuine , and always tell her the truth , don't hide your true feelings or internal struggles . don't take any special strategy to try to get her interested in you - just be your ... yes , it has happened . there are people in the world who take advantage of kindness . two reasons come to mind : 1 ) many people are so self-protective that they become self-centered in their approach ... i am so sorry you are going through all this :( you aren't a burden - you definitely deserve help ! there are people who care and would want to be there for you . you know how meaningful life feels ... this is great ! ! ! :) on the mbti test i've only ever tested as infj . on the cognitive functions test , i once tested as enfj . :) the most likely soulmate for an infj is anyone with a compatible enneatype . i'm getting married to an entp in a week , but his entp personality is not the primary source of the magnetism between ... dear house , since you seem intent on following the second law of thermodynamics , allow me to introduce you to the fourth one : ' in a closed system , disordered arrangements tend naturally ... strange recognition ... an enfolding sense of comfort combined with soothing shock at the inexplicable sameness apparently i carry on rambling , goofy conversations in my sleep , sometimes . i think my subconscious mind has a silly streak , a very giggly one . lol 1 . our personal space is sacred ~ invade it , unlock doors , touch things , or move stuff around only by invitation 2 . our time alone is inviolable ~ it's nothing against you but necessary for our ... i wish to add : answers in this thread that are labeled by you as lacking in logic are just people replying in kind . when a person makes an insulting comment , the person at whom the insult is directed ... you're not crazy ! ! infj brains are linked heavily between the conscious and subconscious , therefore the line between dreams and conscious reality is fuzzy . we infjs perceive this world partially ... there are no people in the world without subconscious emotional biases . no one in this world is purely objective , no matter how much they flatter themselves that they are . objectivity means you ... enneagram test results aren't necessarily accurate , and enneagram typing isn't necessarily static . enneagram theory teaches growth beyond natural tendencies or downhill spiraling into one's worst ... yes , somewhat often i get a feeling out of the blue about something happening in the life of someone ( with whom there are emotional ties ) who is away at the time , that i couldn't possibly know ... i can identify with what antipode said about finding non-fe types less draining during that time . i love fe types ; this has nothing to do with how i feel about them as people ; it has everything to do ... one more addition : the complaint : you can't be an ' x ' type because you aren't acting like one . ( another variant of the above : you must be a ' y ' type instead of your labeled type ( ' x ' ) ... i have yet to understand why 4 is considered such a cool type . i am a 4 but don't view it as any sort of badge of honor , more like a badge of shame ... actually , i don't understand why any enneagram ... [ spaceholder for when i have time to post here , tomorrow ] :p accept us the way we are . this is the opposite of criticism , insistence on verifying the supposed validity of our feelings or behavior , or impossible-to-please-ism . be there , and still be there ... enneagram type 1 infjs are likely to follow the rules with extreme care , while internally debating them ( perhaps castigating themselves for this tendency ) , being very critical of the current ... it has been so incredibly reassuring to discover that the physical traits that i could never accept about myself are actually some of my fiance's favorite features about me , to see that what i could ... it was a dark and stormy night , and snoopy sat alone on his typewriter punching out a post for the infj random thoughts thread . when he was done , woodstock translated it into horizontallineglish so ... i.adore.your creativity ! ! ! :) vivid melody : :) has anyone found that peppermint improves their mood ? i hope it comes true ! ! ! :) think of an experience in your life resembling the children's story the emperor's new clothes - were you a part of the crowd , or the child ? share your story ! :) i was defiant , but not in the typical way ... more of an i dare you attitude . it's hard to describe . i respect the role of authority to enforce rules that don't violate human rights , and wish for ... same here ... why is it that deceit has its own very recognizable vibe ? that is a vibe that unsettles me to the core , and i can't relax when in the presence of it . i feel that way too - there is no way to have emotional intimacy without emotional truth with each other , even when it is dreaded . and what is a relationship without really having emotional intimacy ? ... dear thoughts , stop fighting ! enough with all the arguing in there ! i realize you can't agree or come to any diplomatic conclusion that satisfies all of you , but i can't hear myself think over all ... ni dumps a wide variety of grains of flour and seeds and dry goods into a sifter ( ti ) that stirs them around to sort them out , separating them by what fits the defined grid and what doesn't , ... this might arise from an infj's enneagram type more so than their mbti type . for instance , if you look at the source of the over-responsibility , you might see the enneatype there ... is it : - ... i have been that way at times . sometimes i think we need more social interaction than we admit to ourselves . :) the more compatible he is , the more he will like you , the more you reveal of your true self ~ and i find that men are often far more accepting than we women expect them to be : it seems that this is a ... could introversion be more an involuntary response to emotional drain than an actual preference for infjs ? i wonder if i am only as introverted as adjacent others inspire me to be ... insecurity can also motivate a person to allow the other one to initiate communication , so as to reassure oneself that communication is wanted by the other at that time , and to avoid ( feared or ... what makes you relax ... this way ? you lay back and your muscles melt into the softness as the cushions yield and form themselves around you , enveloping you in comforting pillowed relief , as your ... it is interesting how opposite the view is , when observed from within our head . from the outside , the door is closed to new ideas , thus the person within must be closeminded and stubborn . from ... can you take her aside privately and ask her if there's something you can do to improve your relationship with her ? i am so sorry you are dealing with this :( . it might help to focus more on how much you love the man who gave it to you , rather than on whether you love the ring . the ring is a symbol of his love - it is not the essence of your relationship . ... so , so true - i deleted the only ones that haven't been said to me , but the above list is classic - great list ! ! ! :) it hits me lots of times , such as : - when someone in need needs me at a time when it's inconvenient or when i had other plans , and all i can think about is myself - when i'm tired or ... '