' wha ? the greenwashing efforts of the last 8 years or so ; of which non-materializing - but much hyped - green jobs were part and parcel . the rise of bullshit jobs i came across this older posting on naked capitalism while doing a bit of research on the recent greenwashing trend . it doesn't deal so much with the rampant fraud ... ah , yes . hope . good ' ol hope . i sure hope that germany can resolve its infestation issues before this thing goes completely fucky . after all , i have always respected germany and the ... i am referring to the countercultural revolution of the 1960 ' s that redirected the course of this nation down its awkward , self-denying path of self-flagellation and ultimate implosion . and thus , it ... you call what we have since the revolution progress . and what does that mean exactly ? a lot of things have also gone to shit as a direct result of that progress . besides , i have read progress ... prior to the rise of the modern , post-revolutionary ( 1960s ) and more radical context , racism was the quick-and-dirty method of describing an offending culture or peoples . people knew what you meant ... uh . oh . someone dropped a nonce formation . would you have preferred he created a proper portmanteau , or slipped in a morpheme ? is it fair to assume that you don't like rap or punk ? after all , ... yet another ' tardly thread . frankly , america works for the most part so long as our masters continue to print money , but i am not really sure where the nationalism comes from . clearly the op is ... the problem with that perspective is its inherent failure to understand the nature of mankind . you truly believe that you not only can , but actually do hold the pendulum in check , but what you are ... actually , that was fairly succinct ... and stated in a much kinder , gentler manner than many others would have put it . i am not a boomer , but the writing was on the walls back as far as i can remember ... there are only three things i know for sure : 1 . lego minifigures will outnumber humans by 2020 . 2 . david tenant was the best doctor ; also amy pond the best companion for that matter 3 . linux , ... apparently my interpretation of humor is lacking according to coy ( although i don't believe his iq is that low ... another joke ? ) , but based on his statement alone , i got the distinct impression that ... well , clearly results will vary . a lot of the people in our chapter have been attending events for years , with a couple of them for longer than i have been a member . of course the personalities are ... its not mostly about bragging rights . it is about socializing - - - itrw ! ! ! ( god forbid ) - - - , making friends and having fun with other people who can relate . people who won't call him egghead ... well stated . for some reason , i am seeing enfj more in the biochemistry realm . learn to speak hindi . seriously . google h1 - b visa and american it , disney and southern edison . '