' feels a little out of place putting this here but i thrive off the intense energy this kind of music brings to the table . i feel so powerless right now . my mom just had cancer surgery ( thank god or whatever powers you believe in that it's gone ) and as a result of having to care for her , all my other friendships have ... exhausted but excited . i've been taking care of my mom post surgery which means picking up a lot of extra work around the house on top of my job but i've finally saved enough to buy a decent car and ... what vinyl you listening to and what you drinking ? i've got after the lights by the saddest landscape playing right now while i'm drinking some old rasputin i can't really pin down one single favourite character but the most recent character i've come across that i adore is riku from the kingdom hearts series . the story is far to much to summarize in a ... i get like that sometimes . however i hit a point where it's too much socialization and need to lock myself in my room for a week and just do nothing . the main defining characteristic of introverts is ... i tried to type everything but it jumbled into itself and got ridiculously incoherent . let's just keep it simple . awful . worlds apart divided by a fissure deep in the earth's crust keeping them apart this canyon running the distance between two tears straight through the heart masks trapped behind the warped glass forced to watch a life led in the wrong direction a body masquerading as me living a life living a lie try to improve myself every day i've been waiting 5 hours for them to go online ... if we weren't in the middle of a ( mutually agreed ) good conversation i would've given up by now . my friends and i filmed a video . i had a field day with the banana . ... my head hurts chasing these thoughts around my head none of it makes sense not that it ever did i'm losing my mind losing my grip losing everything i once held tight hold on to me journey's end my wings are growing stronger by the day the breeze is blowing my fears away and i step back and daydreaming watching the clouds pass rolling by lazily i want you here with me but that can never be … and so i sit cold and alone tired of all of it tainted bliss come with me and you will see true bliss you don't wanna miss this fell into another hole a hole i my friend found this and it's incredible .  i can't wait to get out of the house . then i'll be able to use the whole house for alone time instead of just my room . today is the greatest day i've never known can't wait for tomorrow i might not have that long i'll tear my heart out before i get out pink ribbon scars that never forget today has been a whirl of all sorts of stuff . mostly inexplicable rage . i started both writing and practicing vocals 3 years ago . both have proven to be really effective in dealing with my emotional issues . this piece is about how much music and practicing vocals helps ... i know my friends actually care about me and all that but it doesn't always feel like they do . which isn't helped by the fact that they never ask if i'm doing ok even when i feel like it should be ... so i'm going at it with your strength instead of mine please be my strength i'm really excited to see august burns red in two weeks . not nearly as glad as i am . :) since she came along i've made a good group of quality friends , stopped hiding behind a mask , she's shown me how to love people , how to be a friend , stuff like that ... i've already told the story over in the poetry thread but i guess i could tell a more detailed version of it here . ^ - ^ so 3 years ago i was a depressive suicidal wreck . i had no one that i ... i've been relying on my various mobile devices for internet recently cuz my laptop crashes if i touch it too hard and sometimes it doesn't even start up at all . this experience is making me miss ... i can think of at least 4 people that would date me and another 3 that would be friends with benefits if i wanted that with them . ( which i don't . i don't want to be friends with benefits with anyone ) ... every time i get depressed i have these dreams that are just flashes of movement . faces crying over me . blackness . more movement and crying faces . i think it's my funeral and i'm watching from inside ... aw man , i love sitting back and throwing a vinyl record on the turntable . tonight's jam is rescue and restore by august burns red . that album is my favourite release this year and in my top 5 albums ... break into a secure facility ? i can't even break into a pickle jar ! this is why i like spending time in my head more than time around people . why are hugs so fantastic ? if i lay here if i just lay here would you lie with me and just forget the world ? how are you today ? i'm good . tired , worn out , overworked , but good . what are you thinking of right now ? what the gift the girl i'm interested in is making for me could be . how do you feel ... when i'm around my friends i'm loud and very talkative but otherwise i'm soft spoken and hardly say a word . i have been challenging myself to go talk to people more though since i need to develop my ... my shins are improving but it still hurts to walk and if you touch my right shin i just about fall over in pain . i think it might be fractured whereas the left one is just bruised . i can walk on it ... my dog has completely transformed over the last 2 months . she went from being a crazy , happy , overly excited puppy-like dog to a sucky , blanket craving old lady type of dog .  i make it seem like i don't need anyone or anything and i can handle everything on my own but secretly deep down i just want someone to wrap their arms around me and hold me . but i'm far to scared of ... this is a piece i wrote about one of my absolute best friends . i was gonna hang myself 3 years ago . the day i was gonna do it , she decided to come talk to me and get to know me . she gave me her ... 2 hours after getting home i finished assignment 2 out of 5 . i just took an hour long break . i should get back on there and finish the rest of my assignments but math makes my head hurt so much out ... oh my gosh don't get me started . freshman year of high school on the very first day i got lost looking for the gym which is the largest building on campus and the first building you see driving up ... lesson of the month , don't put of homework for an entire month . it will come back to bite you . unrelated , my parents forced me to find some kind of exercise to do . i was resisting for a while but ... '