' hello everyone ! i haven't been on here in a really long time , but i'm always thinking about personality types and how they apply to people . one thing i've noticed is that there are a lot of ... for the most part , i feel that reading fiction is a wasted opportunity to read non-fiction and learn something new . i also have little time / desire to read fictional books in college when i'm ... i'm a major pentatonix fan =: p  assasin's creed papal guard ; without a doubt . my skill in the art of procrastination is nonpareil . i've been playing runescape since i was 13 and have loved it ever since ! i haven't been playing much as of late , but i have always felt a special connection to it ( lol , i know ); it's almost a part ... =: 3 this is my favorite classical song : and this is my favorite non-classical song : total daft punk fanboy =: p i can relate to you wanting to help the artist . as far as the nude painting goes , i don't even like my picture taken when i'm dressed unless i'm in a group , much less a painting of me in the ... my completely unbiased opinion is infj . but on a more serious note , probably intjs and estps . welcome to the personality cafe community ! feel free to poke around the temperament sections if you want to learn more about specific types . welcome to personality cafe ! i hope that you enjoy your stay . princess anna from frozen is definitely my favorite character from any movie ever ; i'm not ashamed to admit that . she's like the inside-out version of me ! in that case , i definitely make up imaginary conversations and scenarios in my head . i could do that for hours xd if i didn't go to my church's youth group every friday , i'd probably just be here or be playing ps3 with my friends on friday nights . i don't roleplay as people , but i can do impersonations quite well ; does that mean that i am not an infj ? =: p 1 ) i'd probably just find it amusing , and smile and laugh . 2 ) you're assuming that i would actually look at you = ;) thank you all for your input ; i didn't expect so many people to respond ! now comes part two of my question : how important is outward beauty of a person to you when looking for a llifelong ... wow , i would have never imagined that infjs and infps had so many conflicts ! my very best friend is an infp , we've known each other for about 10 years now . through our relationship grown a lot ; he ... hello , people of personality cafe . i was just outside cutting up fallen tree branches with my trusty bowie knife when i started thinking how much i liked it and other shiny / beautiful things . ... alignment : lawful good you are 63.9 % good . you are 51.3 % lawful . darn right i am ! that doesn't mean that i'm a mindless drone ; i will break the law only if it is truly unjust , not just ... well thank you all for everything and i apologize for my late reply . unfortunately , however , i don't think her type will ever be fully agreed upon . i will just stick with enfp since it was my ... that really depends on what denomination of christian she is and how serious she is about it . you may have a chance , you may not ; the only way to find out is to ask . good luck . hello fellow nfs , i have lately been obsessed with the movie frozen ( someone please help me ... ) , and i have definitely decided that princess anna is my all time favorite disney princess ( favorite ... maybe if you enfps analyzed things a bit more you would have noticed that you misspelled ' overanalyze ' incorrectly . 123154 here are some other videos of infjs .  it could also be that the infjs you have been seeing feel the need to make youtube videos ... at least we're not obsessed with all those weird animes all the time , infp . ( at least my infp friend is =: p ) fortunately , i've never been in such a situation . my response would vary depending on the reason for the person hitting in my face . if i ever do encounter that situation , i'll be sure to let you ... okay , i could have done a better job of clarifying my position , i'll admit that . i do not believe , one bit that all ( of most for that matter ) infjs are in gay and i thought i made that clear by ... no no , you misunderstood me . i used the second meaning for defensive : very anxious to challenge or avoid criticism . instead , one should not hold on to tight to their typing , but consider the ... hah , no worries , i love disney movies =: p i think this video sums up this thread pretty well : first of all , i'd like to apologize for some of my infj brethren's behaviors , they are only validating your ... absolutely . i believe that we are born with a certain framework that determines how we respond to certain happenings . i view mbti as the framework to people's personalities , what happens ... it's one of the rules of the internet : rule 63 - wiktionary woah , this article just got slammed with a ton rule 63 . i like absolutely everything ; it all comes down to lyrics . however , i am very obsessed with daft punk in particular . my favorite daft punk mashup / cover : one would think that elsa is my favorite princess due to the fact that i relate to her more than any previous princess ( my friends also say that i remind them of her ) , although maybe a bit less ... are guys allowed to comment on this thread too ? great , i love disney movies . anna is definitely my favorite , i don't know why , she just is . x3 this is one of my favorite scenes from frozen =: p ... right now i work at harbor freight tools as a retail clerk , which basically means i do whatever i'm told to . i am , however , working on my mechanical engineering major . i think you're in the ... hi there , i too had trouble deciding between two types , intj and infj . take it from me , you will always find things in common with both types , but these are often broad generalizations . i know you ... welcome to personality cafe , where minorities are the majority ; feel free to type yourself as an ' n ' ! =: p very well then , i respect your dedication . good luck . i've never been flirted with--probably because i didn't go to high-school , only college - - and by the look of things , i'm glad ; i don't know how i'd respond ( probably just freeze , speechless ) xd i'm pretty sure that mine doesn't fit the stereotypes given here . i'm sure you could come up with a reason why my avatar matches my type , but i would bet that's because my type is displayed and you ... i find it interesting that this thread was made by an enfp =: p as for relationships , i'm sure that any two types can get along if they truly work for it . well , i got 6w7 , but i'm afraid that i don't know much about enneagrams . no , i have not . well , i'm no extrovert . i began repressing myself after girls started liking me because i was so nice ( i was about 7 ) , and i didn't like them back so i would have to tell them that ( which was hard because i didn't want to ... lady and gentlemen , thank you once again for all of your input . i've found , based on functions , that i am actually closest to being an infj which i understand is sometimes confused with intjs . i've ... '