' does it seem more like he is being ideological and not honest with you ? if that is the case maybe compare and contrast with what you think is right vs what he thinks is right . tell him directly about ... sorry . just think before acting then it won't happen . it depends on the person but some people may have a misconception of estj's of suppressing feelings to an extent that it can be shown in those lyrics . if any estj can prove these lyrics wrong then ... when talking about the quote you replied too i have no problems at all when people tell the truth but if it is limited to just telling the truth but not coming up with a logical solution to the ... sorry if i misunderstood . ask yourself the question why should i be embarrassed or why am i embarrassed ? what i meant was that if you have issues with how you feel then try to address them and fix them . if you are embarrassed if you have to explain how you feel then say calmly to the infj i have ... no because these questions are meant to address how you feel based on the differences between you and the infj and how those differences can create some interesting conversations between the two of ... no because those questions can relate to your interactions with the infj by addressing the emotional difficulties of how you feel . these questions are based on how you feel , highlighting the ... no because these previous questions relate to the topic if someone is in a friendship , and a relationship with an infj or anyone else . it is mainly to address emotional difficulties that someone ... how much of a struggle is it when your emotions pop up every single time ? do you need help when asked about how you feel or will you just reject it saying that it is fine ? is it hard to accept ... another way of looking at it for some estj's is to try to have a so what if i personally like someone attitude . why should i make my relationship life a confusing and frustrating mess when i ... sorry if i misunderstood . what are you nervous about ? here are some suggestions . first tell your partner love interest or friend that you need more time to think something over and then take your time to respond . clarity ... do you have moments where you can't really say anything so you get nervous and use a logical conclusion to move or end the conversation ? what is the difference when you provide for someone you want to be a friend with versus someone you want to be in a relationship ? not the negative emotions but the positive personal affection . is it the same in relationships that you have a mask ? is it a way to cover up what you personally feel or having difficulty trying to be honest with what you are feeling on a personal level ? ... what are you trying to hide , is it because you are cold or not ? how do you show that you care and if so why ? to the point that i have a mask . reminds me of i'm still standing from elton john an ... this is really funny coming from both of you . just : laughing : and : cool : . what do you mean by dead there are still many estj members on the personality café website and why do you plan to bother them out of their work ? : confused : actually i have a few questions that some estj's can try to answer for themselves 1 . why do i act this way when i am in love with someone , is it because i love this person or not ? 2 . why do i ... even so it is an interesting topic . also it is kind of surprising that you are responding to a comment i made while responding to someone 5 years ago . who knows maybe the discussion can continue it ... also what is important as all three vary between different types . not really because i have already figured out an alternative for people to be in a relationship with some estj's . like i said before why and how you love someone is important in a relationship and ... it is all about understanding why someone is in love with another and helping those who have problems understanding why they love someone . while i may not be able to convince some estj's about ... what kind of things do you do or say that are not right ? do you have a problem understanding why you love someone ? to answer your question on having problems talking to girls i do have problems ... yes i have taken the mbti test multiple times and it has come up as an intj . you can be open with who you are it is just that people can help you understand why you feel this way in a friendship while you express how you keep your friendship which means you do not have to ... i might also add that some estj's should understand why they are angry when they love someone . it just brings clarity for themselves when they are in a relationship . in some way or another why is ... i did not mean that you lack intense passion and feelings i just think that it is wiser to conceive your feelings earlier to your love interest to prevent such anger , confusion and frustration to ... i will also argue that some estj's may have to say to their partner that they are angry , confused and frustrated because they love someone at least once if not for the love interest to understand ... still take the electrical engineering job for financial support and find some research on the computer to get ideas for theories regarding technology using primary sources as your research . use ... i think estj females are in an interesting position because they have two paths to chose . they can support the traditional role like you just described or they can push for women's rights because ... we can talk about how our day was ? what kind of hobbies do you like ? just some basic questions . thank you . what do you want to talk about ? your welcome tsubaki i do appreciate the discussion as well because we do get the chance to debate our ideas or thoughts . i know that not all estj's are bad and that some can be very helpful . from ... what you said about being open to compromises unless it goes strictly against your principles is refusing compromise because by having a principle that stands above everything may disregard other ... you already answered my questions so i changed the subject . i already understood that you can't express how you feel in the heat of the argument . you already answered my questions so i changed the subject . i already understood that you can't express how you feel in the heat of an argument . perhaps you can tell your friend to share the seat . that way both of you would be talking to your friend instead of wasting time arguing . what are those emotions that you show ? what separates the enfj's emotions from your emotions ? so you are simply annoyed by the introverted feeling function . when it comes to the conversation with your mom what you just said was an adequate response . for the issue regarding your cold behavior ... yup , totally feel you on this . it's that damned fi inferior . :p do you have any problems with your introverted feeling function ? if so tell me the problem ;) . is there a difference when estj's express loyalty to a friend or a love interest ? it can be a deciding factor when comparing how estj's view a friend or view a love interest . if you're going to ask about the way the sentences are structured i did double space them but it came out that way . i do wish they had a paragraph structure option like they have on microsoft word so ... i usually ride my scooter around my neighborhood but i go by so fast that it is hard for me to explore new areas that i have not discovered yet . also i go on the computer often looking at what is ... are you ok or did something happen ? that's cool so what are your favorite hobbies ? '