' just wanted to point that out . probably because of your above comments and attitude , as well as the somewhat snarky comments from others , this is more than likely one of the reasons why ... is that you ? you have an adorable face . interesting input , thanks for sharing :D pretty sure it isn't hard to understand what's being written . for example , my entp friend tells me he often feels like he has to convince , as in , try to talk himself into becoming emotionally ... not only is gaz an intp , but she's the less common core eight intp . : kitteh : default emotions are apathy and anger , less book-smart but equally intelligent to the typical core five . ( at least this ... a drawing with relevant quote : yesterday's edgy . meming political figures : today's 4chan edgy . i can smell donald trump on your breath ! ok , technically that doesn't make sense over the internet .. as the title says , do you find yourself doing this when you've done something wrong and in your mind you know you should feel guilty for having said or done it ? what about when it comes to ... yup . i loved it , didn't think i would like it as much as oot , mm or ww . in akihabara tokyo . ok , so i work in a small classroom with several other teachers who come in on different days than myself ( so i never work side by side with them ) . several of the books ( that i use specifically ) have ... anyhow , if you guys never watched bb before , give it a try this season just to see what this guy does . he sits back , watches what others do , judges , categorizes everyone accordingly and then thinks ... he seems to give off that intj vibe . also , i hope you aren't implying i'm vapid for watching the show . have you actually watched the show , or are you basing your opinion off of what others have ... yeah , there's apparently been several of them on bb and survivor judging by some of the mbti threads dedicated to typing the cast . does anyone else here watch big brother ? does anyone else think cody nickson might be an intj ? here's an interview with him : tell her i'm smiling on the inside , lol my tritype is 854 , if that answers anything ( i relate more to my tritype than my mbti ) . i noticed most people scoring this tritype ( from other personality sites as well ) are intj , intp , entp , one ... i feel a little guilty for checking your mbti the moment i read this , my eyes darted straight to it . lol  yeah , i feel like i'm trolling by asking intps this question , lol mine seems to be anger ( i fall under an 8w9 enneagram ) and my default seems to be apathy , even though not caring about the things around me might not be considered an emotion . yup . i'm well aware of how i stack up against society's standards of beauty , on top of it i have a [ non-surgically enhanced ] hourglass body , which i've had since i was 13.5 years old . i had to be ... when i lived in the us , sometimes , however , it would happen more often over the internet when someone commented on my pictures . my response both in person and on the net was this is my smile .. infps . they seem to be drawn to me , plus they aren't judgmental dickholes , which makes conversations with them less stressful . on top of that , we enjoy each other's goofy personalities , again , ... yes , you're probably actually 100 % right . i rewatched the video and imagined he was seeing the world through the eyes of the main character and therefore experiencing the same emotions as him . infp ... ah , ok . thanks for the input :D ok , seems the thread is acting wonky today . op , i wrote about you , seems it's not showing up , however it shows up on my phone . weird . this is what i wrote : op : intp . finny : ixfp as for ... edited : thread is acting wonky today . sorry for the double-post . since the last guy didn't leave info about himself ( by the time i was filling this out ) , the person i quoted is more than likely an intp . as for myself : 1 . i isolate myself to a point where i ... i know a lot of people pin the infp personality type on a lot of artists , but considering the large amount of symbolism in his artwork , is there a chance he might be an intp ? is there anyone more ... thanks for your input . it's interesting to read what others have to say about it . : wink : i posted this on my fb as well , one of my friends pointed out that not everyone in the world is connected , so now i understand why they'd need multiple languages . another friend ( who's a translator ... just watched another ghost in the shell trailer where togusa's daughter had just downloaded and learned french within a minute , so my question is : if you could download a language , what use would ... i know for a fact i can go weeks without interacting with others , then again i had the internet the entire time . if you were to dump me out in the middle of the woods , i think i might last about one ... thanks to the last post , i can now be accompanied by a skeleton [ / signature ] wherever and whenever you see my blathering . i chose intj , not because of the level of emotion but because of the fact she's going out of her way to reach the areas she needs to be to awaken her power . then again , she might be doing this ... i don't have the assertiveness of the eight but i do have the aggression of one . the nasty temper and unhealthy side of the eight fits me well . also , i don't feel as though i have a lot in common ... i'd like to hear what others have to say about the main characters for this specific zelda game . i feel like zelda is an intj or a somewhat emotional intp . at first i thought she might've been an ... good , thanks for asking . been reading over a few things here and there as i've been since before i signed up :) hello , nice to meet you :D i gave it a try several times and don't really like it . on days off , or when i'm not doing something at home throughout the week , i'll read forums here and there on this site using my pc , but it'd be ... i would like to point something out here , both users responding are generation z , therefore these kids are no older than seventeen years old . take into considerations the adults who have little to no ... while some of your points are good ones , you're making some awfully large and somewhat narrow-minded assumptions . lol . let me point them out : creating a product from scratch for one person is ... - better question : why not have an app ? - push notifications similar to what you see with quora , pinterest ; easier access , etc . - i would . - they would . - see the second answer . so ... why doesn't this site have an app yet ? i'd like to see one in the very near future . didn't read every comment in this thread but it seems like there's a large amount of 458s , i'm a 854 , if you're curious and have any questions about this particular type ( which apparently is slightly ... thank you :D hello , been lurking for awhile and finally decided to join . hello , everyone ! : ninja : '