'  “ everywhere i go i find a poet has been there before me . ” — sigmund freud no . your childhood is mine .  sorry , but there's hardly an economic calendar , technical analysis , risk management , or hedging in gambling . every time i see the gambling thing in relation to day trading , while it does hold a ...  nope ! i can't find the urge to have sacks of fat on my chest , but maybe ownership is more fun than i realize . i went through a similar situation when i first went vegetarian . food still doesn't really do it for me like it used to . my personal theory is that it's just a matter of losing the psychological ... i don't envy you women . penis problems almost seem fun compared to periods , birth control , and hormones .  i used to believe that everyone internally thought like i did and that the only difference was how we present ourselves in social situations . so yes , i thought i was special , in the disabled ...  maybe ... i can never decide if i'm noticing people dancing around me or if it's narcissism . but i guess in the end it doesn't matter because hardly anyone approaches me and i generally don't approach ... “ i can ’ t say i was ever lost , but i was bewildered once for three days . ” — daniel boone yes , you are required by law to have $ 25,000 of cash and equities in a margin account to pattern day trade . let me break this down for those who are less informed or still learning the basics . ...  i don't either . but for the sake of the thread , i am probably closer toward alpha with qualities of all three , in my opinion .  if he is a smart guy he probably used a keylogger , because they are more innocuous and there are legal copies out there for home personal security / monitoring kids and a variety of other reasons . a ... he is probably using remote desktop , vnc ( both of these allow a person to view the same screen as you from another computer ) , a keylogger ( this will send him everything you type or click ) , or a ...  people who try to help when it's not needed and make things more complicated rather than easier . people who send me 9/11 messages as if i was in the wtc myself because i'm a veteran , like it's ... sort of , i like them for different things ... i love the originals to be sure , but i've heard them so frequently that i get just as much enjoyment listening to someone else's interpretation of it . i ... “ it is apparent to me that the possibilities of the aeroplane , which two or three years ago were thought to hold the solution to the [ flying machine ] problem , have been exhausted , and that we must ... i can handle some small talk , but i have a pretty low tolerance for it . i will find an out , subject change , or just stop talking whenever i get tired of it . my brain functions at about half capacity ...  abraxas 5-3- 9 action potential 5-1- 4 bethdeth 9-5- 3 bionic 8w9 - 5w4 - 3w4 sx / sp bogspirit 5-9- 4 coonsy 5w6 , 3w2 , 8w7 sp / ? double 3-5- 9 eylrid has a telephone freddo 5w6 -1-9 sp / so fourwalls 6-3- 1   “ i have discovered that all human evil comes from this , man ’ s being unable to sit still in a room . ” — blaise pascal i keep it simple and just call myself a demisexual . funny , i did not finish it either . i'm pretty sure ayn rand has a rape fetish .    confused and amused , kind of like watching a puppy hump a pillow . maybe a little envious , because i wish i could live with my head that far into the clouds . in general i go through life feeling ... i go through really wrong conclusions all day long . it's a lot of effort to keep my mouth shut and thoughts suppressed so i can gather legitimate facts to form conclusions grounded in reality .  when i was younger i used to hold seances in my closet . i also talked to ghosts for a few years and kept many magical and mythical items . nowadays i'm more interested in the hows and whys of people ... yes and no ... i end relationships before they really begin most of the time . the dating scene is toxic anyway , especially sub - 20s .  i dislike holidays unless they are day-off holidays . those are alright . definitely not me ... it's a conservatives equivalent of twilight . kind of felt like reading a businessman's wet dream . “ he does not seem to me to be a free man who does not sometimes do nothing . ” — cicero   just realized i've been calling ni my women's intuition since childhood . this amuses me on many levels . thanks mom . in the military we call it voluntold .  agree with this . after a certain point maturity becomes ageless . '