' i know what you mean . i wish i wasn't so infatuated , about the only conversations i do have with my family end up deep on a subject i invest deeply in or when going out with them , etc . the thing is , ... intps , your feeling side seems to come out when i don't give you something to argue about , like if i give you something to argue about and you feed into it and can see the what ifs and buts going ... topcatlsd : in jung theory : fe and te are anti-judgemental judging functions and cater to others . si and ni are judgemental perception functions and are about how you wrap yourself to ... i agree with satan claus on infjs rarely using facebook , i only use facebook to advocate causes of victimisation of the innocent - animals , children , slavery , disabled heroes even . i keep my ... visionary ? i'm an infj and my e-type is 147 ( the visionary ) ironically . i see that the infj functions all line up towards a visionary drive . i have always projected myself into the idea of something ( object or subject ) , wrapped the world around this and seen the literal potential from physical data ( se ) - this is ni . i have always had fe ... the thing with ni is it introspects more on progression than what is changing . in this sense it can be aimed at something , since it is future-oriented and lose realisation of what has been happening ... obsessive is definitely a better word , ns like the idea behind something more than the stimuli per se . ni tunes itself to a few ideas ( internally focused ) and ne fascinates on the surface level of ... b . toast : ssdd ? i suppose you mean relation in time , i think that's a thing with most people with ni or anxiety . sunflowersoul : i'm like that , but on a social level . my ti is very aware of what ... my mindset is more like why am i doing this and not what i'm supposed to be doing when i'm doing something unrelated to the idea i wish to bring to occurrence and embody decisively . since my fe ... i get attached to ideas easily , not so much novelty . ni adopts an idea and filters the world ( se ) to that . si adopts novelty in objects and applies it to less directly related things world in ... you have a trouble at getting into social taboos unless you've grown up around them or it comes as part of some goal . you kind of feel younger , but you are rationally wiser than many your age range ... how you see people can be a philosophical thing . though , i always see this pattern in people , i apply myself to others and from the surface value i try to see from various angles why they do that ... yeah i noticed , i'm tired and i've nothing else to do right now and i saw the thread was replied to , my mistake . i don't articulate that well by nature , i just had a lot of experience writing to ... dalien : typing from extensive reading of jung and various mbti content . if you search for ni-ti loop you should be able to find a lot of info on it . yes , i'm no te user . i think i read the switch ... mirkwood : i think i get the past conversation thing . i think a lot of people get shocked at how time passes quickly and i presume may be they feel like that had a conversation yesterday and could ... it's a ti thing . ti applies its own logic so has a habit of providing lots of points so in hope some common ground is found in others via fe . ti also describes things in depth because it analyses on ... when you talk in black and white sometimes but don't like it when others do that to you . your creative ways are generally methodical and hence you need an aim to create an impressive product . when ... dalien : may be unaware ( and sometimes uncaring ) of how they come across to others , may quickly dismiss input from others without really considering it that can happen , since like i said in my ... i imagine n functions more like filters . this is why n relates to idealism , being coupled with f means the idealism is around the subjective . ne is more of a cross-filter . it's concerned for the ... well so i've heard the more depressed you are the more you become aware of what functions you oppose ( subconscious ) and you may even act out on these out of self-doubt or gullibility in low energy ... estp may be , it's like they're the same but not , sometimes i act like a estp in thought apparently . they like reach to inferior ni and reach to inferior se and i find them fun in a grounding sense . ... 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... tonic i don't know about my facial expressions , i don't think about them much . if someone laughs i kind of auto-laugh even if i misheard what was said . gaze ? well i look around a place , lately ... from what jung seems to describe f means how you relate to the world ( subject dimension ) , t means how you function in the world ( object dimension ) . so both f and t are a rational / judging process . ... i don't know what type i am but i saw this from the board feed . i definitely do this , i will actually lose track of the discussion or get a bit frustrated when the topic changes especially if i find ... i'm not really good at handling arguments at all and feel like i'm having a heart attack when the harmony is really disturbed ( feeling others ' feelings like a noise of differences ? ) . i actually ... i don't know my mbti enneagram type . i keep getting isfp , infj , infp and isfj . i've typed quite a lot below so feel free to skim some of it . i don't talk much usually so this is something new to ... bear 967 thanks for the welcome : 3 by the way , i went through all the you know you're a xxx when threads . i see a likeness mostly with isfp , isfj , infp and infj . i share the enjoyment of ... yuky ok thanks . okay thanks , yuky , i will do . thanks for the welcome ^ ^ i'm new here . thought i would say hi . i did a personality test recently at the request of family , then tried another one and then another , etc , and i got mixed results so i don't know what type i ... '