hey , welcome and stuff ! :) is your username referencing the band at all ?  ... looking out bus windows and having the music fit your scenery ( esp when it's raining : 3 ) candles flickering . when you hug a person and you fit just right ! oh my god i wanna be smelled now . D: scratch that , i need to be smelled . curiosity is overwhelming me . my routine is : hit the snooze button two or three times possibly have a bath ( depends on how many times i've hit the snooze button lol ) go on the computer and miss at least two buses ~ skewl ~ ... no , the photos are beautiful ! D; there is never a bad nature shot , especially with a camera as nice as yours and the scenes you're photographing . i like the idea a lot , but the pictures kind of remind me of the windows 7 pre-packaged wallpapers . : s i'm also not sure this would go down well as a book , either . it's really easy to find similar ... hmmm , this isnt that weird . it might have just been really crystal-y weed . i bought some super rank kush once back when i smoked everyday and i had all of that happen to me . i was scared beyond ... i'm not going to lie , i read the first paragraph and then skipped right to the last haha . ; - ; other than that , i dont think i have much to contribute . maybe that is contribution enough lol . always oh my god . haha , tell your parents to get one of those mats that you put on the bed when a kid wets themselves . it's got a plastic covering and the pee kinda just chills on top of that mat and your brother ... maybe you should start smoking weed and people will think you're sober . best idea . y / y ? from 11am on a tuesday to 1am on a thursday . never again . i was going to go to bed at 3am on wednesday , but a friend persuaded me to get coffee with her when the buses started running at 5 , and i ... i know both have been said , but i must say again to put some emphasis ! welcome to the nhk and neon genesis evangelion . even though eva has ' robot ' battles , it gets to be pretty angsty and focuses ... ahh , i feel like me and my istj ( exact opposite of me o_o ) boyfriend understand each other pretty well in terms of alone time and hang out time . he's more extroverted than his results suggested , ... this , this , and this . especially the first one , i actually laughed out loud . to add on , i am the one who keep telling the story even if you've heard it because it's too funny not to tell again . well , i mostly wear darker colored skinny jeans and baggy sweaters , but i really love patterns and bright colors . sometimes i dont feel like i could pull that off really well , though . :p here's a ... touche , comrade . hmm , i dont really think it would change all that much unless you were drfting towards the middle anyways . maybe your percentage would jump around higher or lower ? errr , does that make any sense ... ohaaai internet mandy :D man , i know this might sound weird , but my wrists are freakin sexy . and my hands are beautiful omg ; - ; i have ' piano fingers ' ( but i cant play the piano ) . im pretty much content with the rest of my ... this picture makes me laff err time i see it . why thank you madam : 3 - non image reply ohnoe you're the only other enfp that i saw in the intro board ! ' grats on bein ' especially cool . i wish i could play an instrument - . - ps im also new . errr hi and stuff . i havent been on a forum in such a long time . i'm no good at introduction posts , i usually just let my posts as a whole show me , but i might as well make one anywaaays . i guesss ...