' accurate ! it's interesting how much appearance and sound color the image someone has of us . that's partly why i've always preferred to have an opportunity to write back and forth with someone for extended ...  that's such a cute show ! ! ! not sure what makes a show for infp's , but as an infp , i like these : the oa stranger things carnivale battlestar galactica firefly sherlock black mirror hannibal in my mind , i feel like i can be kinda harsh and judgmental . i'm open-minded enough to change my mind about things as more evidence unfolds . i try to see things from others ' point of view to be more ... gotterdammerung get a brief impression of a serious-minded person who insists that a sock-drawer is for socks only . : tongue : the allusion to pandora's box is intentional , yes . : happy : i rather liked that it rhymed . it seemed like something delightfully mystical . poet and didn't know it ? 1 . i don't understand why people ask , how are you today ? to strangers when they don't really care . i notice this especially working with the public . most of the time , people ask this question and ... i'd say yes . perhaps it's merely a clever disguise ? : tongue : without deadlines , i wouldn't know how much procrastination i could get away with . i don't care for deadlines , but sometimes my best work is done under pressure . with no deadline , projects get ... ugh , chatspeak ... although most of us are guilty of it from time to time . i'd already be banned from the internet . : laughing : i mean , if someone's grammar is so poor that i genuinely can't ... i find that the usual reason people ( male and female ) are threatened by intelligence is that some self-proclaimed intellectuals act in threatening ways . these sorts of people say things like , i ... well , it's human and normal to have lusty longings ( i hope ) . sometimes infatuations are very strong initially . i wish i would have entered that contest even though i'm sure i wouldn't have won . it would have been great to go to a journey concert . even if it isn't the original lead singer anymore . i can't ... seems a bit more on the lusty side of things from this very brief description , but doesn't mean it can't become something more in the future . good luck ! how do you explain love of music if someone simply doesn't understand ? the way a song breaks you open and becomes part of you is not easy to explain . not everything has words . language influences ... i feel quite guilty being forced to look away for protocol's sake 1 ) what is your perceived mbti type ? how certain are you of this assertion ? infp . i feel fairly certain because i tested pretty early and have always been infp from that point ( 13 ) , at least . 2 ) ... i actually can't tell if someone is attractive just by glancing at their face . i'm attracted more to voices / things someone says and they way people carry themselves . : happy : my intj husband really wanted to own a house , but i instantly felt this weird , walls-closing-in feeling . owning a house was cheaper for us than paying rent , but i hate to feel stuck to one place . i ... it depends on the situation . i'm pretty in touch with my feelings and what triggers them , so i generally know why i feel the way i feel on a normal day . but , if i'm over-taxed in my life and ... i hear ya about people sharing tragic tales just for the emotional excitement . i find that to be distasteful as well . one of my aquaintances took pictures of a house-fire and wanted to share them ... my list : a person who sets a good example i want a person i can be proud of because they are a good example for others . obviously , part of this is because i have a child and children observe ... can an informed infp not care about the hunger in the world and orphans ? ( i'm trying to type my dad who is a gp and told me he was already making his quota helping people throughout the day ... dad-isfj mom-intj myself-infp i'm never bored , really . if i'm doing nothing , it's because i want to be doing nothing ... which is really just reflecting . otherwise , i'm usually very busy with mundane day-to-day obligations or ... i'm a very emotional person , but i'm always trying really hard to keep myself in check because i know the depth of my feelings can get the better of me . it's very exhausting to pretend things don't ... i find that a lot of people come to me for advice . in my circle , i'm everyone's sounding board . for people i care about , i feel like it's a privilege to be sought out for counsel . but , for people ... i don't literally think i live in a bubble , but i do prefer being off in my own world . i know , for me , it isn't that i'm afraid to commit , per se . i'm afraid to commit to the wrong person . lots of things i do seem like i'm a commitment-phobe , when really , i just feel like a ...   i'm really digging the lyrics , actually . they strike me in a particular way and remind me of someone i know . thanks for sharing ! :( hope you feel better ! reflecting , working , cleaning yay ! within temptation is so awesome ! i'm actually also listening to them . lol . i'm listening to their song , lost . also been listening to heer from the movie jab tak hai jaan and damien ... infp here . honestly , it depends on the situation . most advances happen to me at work so i usually have to try to remain professional . if they say something genuinely nice in a non-threatening way , ... i like the act of looking for new ingredients when i'm trying out a new recipe . i enjoy choosing things and taking my time to do it ... but i only go to our 24 - hour store if i can help it . this way , i ... ... i always feel like something is bubbling beneath the surface . i spend so much of my energy trying to remain calm when , in fact , i ’ m just seconds from bursting at the seams at any given moment . as ... i'm thinking about why someone not understanding a movie deeply offended me . lol i was watching one of my favorite movies , x93amèlie . x94 well , ix92ve tried to get my dad to watch it before , but because ... i always just try to slowly fade out and hope they get the hint . i feel like if i'm not connecting with them , then they're probably also not connecting with me and won't really notice if i fade away ... when i'm feeling crappy because i'm under the curse of the blood moon , i prefer hot wings or nachos with real melted cheese and jalapenos . mostly spicy stuff . when i'm just ill in general , i'm more ... haha . yes ! people always say i look lost or confused so maybe that's why salespeople stop me every five minutes to ask me if i need help . i just wanna say , i just need time to have a complete ... '