' here's something that works , has worked , and is working for me . melancholy doesn't simply vanish , but it can be hidden very far away . eat healthy , fruits veggies , keep it well balanced . sleep ... 717970 i find it interesting how the author mentions that the measurement of a personality is limited by the words we use . but it then proceeds with repetitive questions , they are necessary , but don't seem ... your results : materialistic 33 % offbeat 53 % thinking 33 % interpersonal 66 % vital 73 % easygoing 70 % perceived reward : ( if you scored highly ) favorites 1 ) saving private ryan and braveheart happiest 2 ) the movie aladin makes me feel happy , so does shrek . it's odd my first two are animated . the sandlot is another happy movie , ... museums rock . observing things , walking very very slowly , and not talking ... tight baby bash suga suga i named my most important value steve . it's not every day i get to name a value :) yeah i'd say so , i have a pretty diverse group of friends , and i like that . it's stereotypical , but i have a come as you are demeanor , and i think that puts people at ease . i like this , so many directions to go . guns , i've never personally owned one , i like them , they do great things , and they do horrible things . they say guns don't kill people , people kill people , ... 701386 tacos ! i love the the little tortillas , they come with cilantro , diced onions and tomatoes . the bowl at the top has pickled hot peppers ( very hot ) and onions , and of course the limes are ... from a practical standpoint traveling alone is more dangerous than traveling with a friend , obviously . bring your phone and have a car charger . make sure you have aaa or a way to handle a vehicle ... 701362 7013 70 after 3 months we finally got to see each other ( dad - enfp - and sis - enfp ) . my lil sis was crying so i gave a big smile for her :D and while away she started a furniture ... what do i dislike about fe ? that i don't have it myself , stereotypically envious of course . :D what does that make you ? cool . you're so cool , i was laughing so hard . clever , skeptical , creative , empathetic , and you end up doing your own thing . total infp move :D cookies are big ... of course , just look how full the jar is ! 699698 save some for the rest of us , and make sure to leave 1 on the carpet for the next future infp lol . total infp move . tight . welcome to the club ! it hasn't been the same without you monsieur melancholy . welcome back ! today is your lucky day , i've actually devised a test for just such an occasion . it is 100 % effective 60 % of the time , i call it pink panther , err ... test . yes , pink panther test . sex panther ... i'm confused , mostly because this whole thing sounds like an infomercial . lol . i saw that you said your more emotionally driven values can take the wheel , what are those values , and how do they ... yes i was a plan canceler for many of my younger years , stubbornly doing only what i wanted . it was only within the last few months i realized we is far more valuable than i . i have felt terribly ... heck , you don't need to start trying to always be confident . i just try to sometimes be confident . it's better than never being confident . silvs you're being confident right now , it takes a lot of ... tight . i can't wait to see this . discipline and core values huh ? you going to join the service ? go marines . just imagine a poet warrior out there in the world , it has a sexy ring to it . yeah , ... deaf . i would still be able to read and write , view nature in its splendor , and most importantly retain a large amount of my independence . i've always had a fascination with sign language , being ... they say home is where the heart is . i say it too . i'm happy to be home , and it took running away from it to find out how much it meant to me . from afar a shiny machine , you stepped too close to watch it gleam , you stared too hard , not everything is what it seems . stay afar , definitely an owl . very cute looking , they can fly , they are up at night . they may not howl , but i love their hooting , they can not cry , what a sight ? barbaric executions have been outlawed so , seeking a slower one , how was i to know ? left , right , no one understands me ! ! ! 1 :'( gimme hug pweez <3 i definitely feel things moving around inside , but i don't quite feel as turbulent as she sounds . i like miss independent more , she sings that too ( i think ? ) , but that's a fun song to me .  ... i'm motivated when losing / failing , because it gives me the opportunity to overcome a challenge . i don't gain initiative from ego or masculinity challenges , but when there is an chance for heroism or ... braveheart , an old favorite . this world is @ # $ % ed up , but in order to un @ # $ % it , i need to @ # $ % as much as possible to create lil @ # $ % ers that @ # $ % ing rock ! ( inb 4 ban xd ) diapers i'm glad to see you're exercising ( always a good start ) , what numbers on the list are most important to you , which circumstances can you quickly improve , and what would it take to do that ? i want ... there is a girl who cuts her arm , sharpened blade intending harm , i wish she lived nearby , i'd tell her she's wonderful , and the reasons why . telepariah coronary arteries clear ? check . i'll have the biggest greasiest plate of fries please :D d fabricating dispassion , only to conceal the truth , concerned eyes are spying , they see , the brick , 665674 6640 82 a dumb one i've seen is hatred for being positive , or in other words not complaining about the same things they do . your personality type : mediator ( voi-m ) seems pretty standard for an infp . dinosaurs to have a preference for everything or to have a preference for nothing this is something that i became much better with as i aged and gained more experience . i bet the barber talks to 20 customers a day , everyday , and let's just say he's been doing his job for a year . ... what do you think of this text globally ? these texts may represent what it takes to walk alone , but it doesn't necessarily mean it is required to be alone . i view these guidelines as a way to ... 663530 6633 30 i wanted to play the prince , but became a frog instead , i've been so green ever since , the crown never reached my head , i still wear the prince's clothes , i think adding the lady would be nice , but where would she belong ? the mysterious destination and forking of the roads is cool , art is cool , you're cool xd have fun ! '