' alright , i'm just bored . so i thought up a game . type an animal in regards to their ( typical ) behavior ! i know animals aren't people and thus we can't exactly type them with mbti functions and ... i had a overall happy childhood , i was inquisitive and imaginative so i had a good time making games for myself and had lots of things to be interested in . i was painfully shy though , and my voice ... these are all from when i was in elementary school , from around grade 2-4 . 1 ) i never truly believed in santa . i was first introduced to the concept in grade 2 when my teacher made us write ... depends how they try to help . i can understand what you're getting at though . i'm someone that freely asks people questions if i'm curious or want them to elaborate on some information , so ... i have a very strong fe when it comes to understanding people's motives and feelings , but i'm not sure if it came naturally to me or if it was developed somehow . it's a skill i noticed in myself , ... yes , this sounds like what i am experiencing . the issue with it now is that i simply cannot get myself to do school work anymore , and i'm at danger of dropping out of a fairly good university in ... serious question , have any of you intps experienced clinical depression ? if so , how did it manifest ? please also state gender if you are comfortable . some of the ... descriptions of depression i ... hey guys , i've been hoping that some of you could give me insight on whether this guy i know is an istj or an intj . i like to type people as a hobby , but i had trouble figuring him out . he is a ... i went into university loving science , but wasn't motivated enough to really delve into them . of the three main ones , ( physics , chem and bio ) physics was probably the most interesting , as chem and ... i mainly use tumblr to follow my favorite artists , so i won't recommend any unless you're interested in anime art like so . otherwise , if you're a stereotypical intp i can recommend some ... i'm not sure if it's an intp trait but yes , i love the melancholic , poignant , and macabre . my friends often call me emo because of it . aha . ha . i enjoy poignant fiction as it really tickles my ... food . i freaking love food . no srsly , one of my top priorities in life is food . i love sampling tasty looking things , or helping a friend finish their plate . if i am offered a taste , i will take it ... yes , i definitely think more in the manner that society deems as masculine . but i stopped caring about gender in my later years of highschool , as it started to frustrate me . it's a limiting concept ... holy crap , this bullshit about spelling . i thought intps would be wise enough to overlook something so petty . these meaningless condescending remarks about something mainly aesthetic are the type of ... they all sound terribly lonely . and nakama seems like living a sad movie . road eternal = you always have to leave . wtf . i get attached to places . fisher = you always have to stay . can't leave the ... this is an interesting topic , because recently i had a chat with my father about this . he is an estp and can be rather ... dense when it comes to emotional subtleties . this has caused a lot of ... huh . i never thought that denying someone would ever be worse than getting denied . if i were to actually like someone enough to actually confess , it would mean i am dead serious about them , and ... well , my parents allowed me to take small sips from their wine glasses since i was in kindergarten ( some may not approve of this haha , but i turned out fine and it was just tiny tastes ) so the taste ... you know , my best friend in highschool was an isfj and what you described was the exact thing that i experienced with her . she was a very kind and quiet individual that could respect my need for ... well i've definitely done the same thing before . used logic to try and erase them from my mind . thinking we're not compatible in the long run , the person is too rigid , we would probably get bored of ... does it really matter what age and gender you are ? if you know what you're doing is shallow and are using the excuse of age and gender , you're just willingly treating these women as objects for some ... that is the wrong way to look at the world , good sir . what are you looking for in women ? if you are looking for fucktoys then ok , sorry bro then as an infp a majority of women are not going to ... i'm not saying fighting back against an aggressor is wrong . obviously as long as there is the risk of being attacked by any group of people the ability to defend oneself is needed . this is pretty ... war is pretty much mass murder that is legal . kill as many human beings as possible and then whoever is alive wins ! ! ! hurray . i think infps are very rebellious when it comes to conforming to fit into the job market , which may be a problem . sure , not being concerned with material goods may not really be understood by some ... . _ . uh , i am terrible at lying . especially spontaneously , i need a lot of planning time . i hate lying though , and i hate when people lie to me , so it's very rare that i lie unless i am keeping a secret ... i rather be called cute than beautiful . although the cute i'm referring to means the endearing type , and not the looks kind . i feel more like a lost puppy at times ... a ha . ha . yes , i also get ... i do know a very smart enfj guy who is extremely kind and is christian . and by smart , i mean he has a lot of natural talent when it comes to mathematics / physics etc . , it all comes easily to him . also ... i guess i like man made things more than nature at times . i like to marvel at beautiful and creative architecture . i also like to look at things people create . i observe animals and bird behavior ... i think i probably sound like a cold-hearted fool for being like so , but the beauty of nature rarely touches me . stars are nice but i mainly see a black screen with some white glowing dots embedded ... woah , i never knew you gave me a reply since i didn't get a notification . ok i shall try to respond quickly since i have a chemistry exam tomorrow . : unsure : fossilized records of animals changing ... i think it's more hilarious / amusing to be called by my online name . more so if i had a ridiculous one . maybe i would get tired of it over time , but it depends on the name . i'm assuming the meeting is ... sadly the main motivator for me is when someone believes in me and i feel i must live up to the expectations . that makes me work harder than anything else . i do have expectations for myself , but they ... i agree with the people above , what is the point of telling you intimate details about him and your friend while knowing your feelings ? perhaps he is getting back at you for ignoring his feelings all ... hmm for the most part i'm not too into dubstep but it's cool if you like it . musical taste belongs to the listener . :p roud : i like a wide variety of songs , as long as it sounds good to me . i don't ... i'm starting to see a trend in the male intp replies . a trend i somehow feel is hilarious . ikr , and the mj and jigsaw zombies are amusing and satisfying to unleash onto innocent civilians . mwahahahaha . : crazy : at different stages of life i got along with my parents differently . as a child i was very quiet and obedient . therefore i got along with them fine , because my parents wanted an obedient child . i ... infectonator 2 it's quite a time sink . edit : oh , but it's not very difficult . spewer i found it very satisfying to finish all the levels for this game because it requires thinking . the ... misanthropy ... i joke . the way you asked the question made it tempting to answer like that though . i tend to connect with introverted intuitives , but i often fall for istjs types . i don't know if it's simply because there are higher chances of meeting sensors than intuitives . i think in the long ... i am shy so i come across as ladylike to some males , but i don't feel very feminine . nor do i like the feminine things they associate me with , such as giving me paper roses or offering me a seat to ... 1.do any of you had trouble with school ( unfullfilling , trouble staying on task , rules , etc ... ) ? i was a quiet student that caused no trouble and did my work properly . i did go through a ... i get along with estps pretty well for the most part , usually if they have a good sense of humor . one of my friends is an estp and i could joke around with her the most out of all my friends , and ... if my parents tried to force me into an arranged marriage , my automatic reply would be : no fucking way . no one will be forcing their opinions on how i should live my life onto me . that being ... um wat . it's just a poster with a very normal non-offensive slogan . i never really understood the huge appeal of it once people started posting it everywhere , but the video itself actually made me ... i can understand why you may think that people are being close minded by dismissing the idea altogether , i have been there . while it is true that if god exists as an all powerful being and he does ... actually it's sort of like chinese mythology the same way that the bible has things like angels . for example , in the cycle of reincarnation there is a realm where you could become a hungry ghost if ... when i get to eat some cake with a blanket and watch dirty jobs with mike rowe / some interesting documentary / childish cartoons . when i am curled up in my bed on a cold day and surfing the internet ... '