' it's kinda mellow . well that was a kick in the head . in a good way . point taken . hopefully , i will learn . i just realized that my tank top is on backwards . i go win a inflatable hammer balloon at a carnival and beat door-to-door solicitors on the head with it repeatedly until my nerves have calmed down . : laughing : do you want to be single ? do you want to be in a relationship ? why does it matter ? a lot of it probably has to do with the energy you give off that you are unaware of . i have been told time and ... you and me both . when i go out and do stuff , just out and about in society , my mind is going a million miles an hour with analysis i can't stop . everything is a therapy session in my head . :) so ... on the subject of joss whedon , i think if he winds up with the reins , he's going to channel firefly into it . this would be cool but i would just want firefly instead . i'm feeling like i want to connect with more infps ! ! i think that it can work , if you want it to . you both will have to learn how to understand one another's differences . i would think that someone who lives in the moment could be a fun exercise for ... you've got to check this out ! it's a real treat : hey everyone ! i came up with a question that i thought would be good to ask other infp folks . what are some thought processes / decision making processes you use to help you narrow down the ... refugee - hahahaha .. that was quite something . thank you , i really enjoyed your thought there . yes , there are many things in which art forms have taken the same formula and changed the details . songs , movies , books ; something that breaks away ... holy shit . see , this is why i knew i'd feel embarrassed for venting . i should be thankful . i will stop being bitter . i also send you a hug and wish to tell you that my heart is aching after ... i feel rather guilty that i seem to come here so that i can complain about something . at the moment , this moment , i don't have many alternatives . i just felt like getting this little bit of venom ... okay , i guess i better roll with my low , as well . today has been dower and draining . i so very much understand this ! this made me laugh out loud and give a thumbs up . ^ ^ this , this , and so very this ! ^ ^ except i just posted a love song on what are you currently listening to . : tongue : i like how you said that when you were younger all your names sounded like elf names . do you remember any ? tell me about twoshoe ? don't get me wrong , i love a good looking guy ... i love handsome . handsome to me is someone who has some of the lovely features of hot but with some imperfections that transcend them into works of ... it's just an answer to the question on how people deal with heartbreak . i figured i would share what i'm learning from the ache . my heart isn't broken , but the same holds true . :p roud : i didn't at all , i think your advice is sound . women need to be careful about this sort of stuff . men , too , really . discretion is important , standards are important . thank you again . i will , ... i know what you mean and where you are coming from . in my case it's of course , a bit more complicated than that . there were circumstances that lead me to believe he and i were slowly working on ... i agree with you . part of me is scared that it won't get better . * laughing * yeah , you're onto something there . i need to stop keeping the channel open . ouch .. i'm hurting .. i wish my pride could hold out so i don't feel like this , but honesty always wins ... damn . oh how ironic . well , so the guy i still love who i am getting over called me at midnight . about an hour into the conversation , he managed to muster up a new fact : he slept with someone ... i ... i'm a badass . in other words , i'm safe , courteous , very attentive and drive defensively . the only thing i really have to say about this thread is , souled in , you are funny ! i am cracking up with your posts . hi , nosy infp here who couldn't resist this topic when it popped up on the main page . i hate to say this , but it's quite comforting to read your story and some of the stories of people who replied . ... i've gone through a number of heart aches , but i believe that i've only had one true heart break , which was my first encounter with love . i was so naive and was experiencing the conflicts of eros ... well i am printing that baby out and putting it on my wall , thank you , sincerely . this .. and i am now in permagrin mode . still on a cat stevens kick . : mellow : these were both lovely . perfect for enjoying some coffee . i have heard trouble before . i love a good many of cat stevens ' songs and i understand about playing over and over . :) well that gave me a good shoulder shaking chuckle . thank you . oh my god , i want to keep you in my pocket and carry you around wherever i go . you are so adorable and cute ! just sayin . i'm in ! - - - also here's a nice healthy helping of random : i keep getting wafts of the smell of band aids . someone i am chatting with is also getting wafts of band aids .. like as if ... - well that socked it to my heart and my gut . well said . well said . i've pondered the idea of spending a day or even a date with the intent of reaching out beyond comfort ... match-making : match-making – from log to light | modern mechanix in match-making , mechanical fingers have replaced human hands . there are too many amazing responses on here for me to really say anything else significant . y'all are just reaffirming ! thank you ! ! ! i sing this : you , my dear , are echoing exactly where i am . the figuring out what makes you happy , part . yeah , this is a total bitch to figure out right now , i hear you loud and clear . and as ... orangeappled - oh snap , that was a gorgeous read for me . thank you , dearly . - - apparently i test 50/50 p / j when i am tired . when i am fully present and able to answer more authentically , i ... luke , i'm echoing kaychivers here , you're on the money . no homo . : laughing : infpsweety - i believe i am in a similar stage of life . ( 33 here . ) a lot of assessing , realignment , reviewing the ... dude , thanks ! i think i do better with my eyes closed because i'm being extra careful not to mess up . * l * ooo , and a vent thread sounds delicious . ok .. here's a dose of random thoughts for y'all . i'm typing this with my eyes closed and my mind open . i hope that what my gut tells me is true ; that i am on the brink of a crucial existential ... '