' he keeps a prisoner doesn't he ? he has that sadistic quality that i would attribute to tertiary se . now what does everyone think that the wildling warchief lady ( karsi ) was ? 337066 my vote : entj danny is an enfj trying to look like a leader . it's funny because she just isn't cut out to lead , you can see it in her composure . what she desperately wants is to make the world a better place . and ... i don't know if anyone here has watched this but i like how they didn't change the characters ' personalities too much . they more or less exaggerated each of their quirks . in fact it seems easier to ... i watched it again . i still think entj , possibly intj . and since when does an istp speak in the way that bane does . according to mbti databank the most votes are 8 for istp and 10 for xntj . i think he actually could be esfj but i think his character changed a bit from the start of the show . i had to watch a few more seasons to see it and now i think it can almost go both ways . not esfp ... time to lay down the law : dennis : entj ( he's just like eric cartman . ) mac : estp ( he uses fe , look closer ) dee : entp ( like bulma from dragonball z ) charlie : enfp ( most obvious one to me ) personality-databank - enneagram and mbti typing site and this one has her as entj . but i would take both of those with a grain of salt . i'll try to post the scenes in this or the game of thrones thread in a few days . well i read the first book of game of thrones but i don't remember the differences between book and show . i am talking about show because that's how most people have experienced these characters . olenna is an entj female that pretends to be the stereotypical esfj around men . she does this to manipulate them . she wants to appear to use ne because that is female charm . but that's a mask and ... the movie was absolutely terrifying as a kid . bump you're avatar is wearing a suit so you have to be a tj . also , if i were to describe myself it would be straightforward , sarcastic i see what you did there ( ͡ ° ͜ ʖ ͡ ° ) i'm going with extj . take this keys 2 cognition - cognitive processes and post results . we will sort you out was a decent movie , not the best of them but certainly worthy of the legacy thorin : estj white orc : estj smaug : entp ? ? ? thanduil : intj i think he's estp . but i've heard just as many people type him entp . i'm inviting one of them to share their opinions . alright , you guys convinced me of entj for tywin . what about daario naahris ? entp or estp ? well you might be onto something but that doesn't really explain it . his wife's death may have made him bitter or changed him but his behavior is still in-line with what i understand as si . and maybe ... well , that settles it then ! given your profile pic i don't think i want to see any more pictures from you . now here's something you may not agree with but i ; m going to say it anyway because it seems the majority will disagree with me once again . i think tywin could be an si user . i just watched season 2 ... yeah i worded that poorly . i think jamie is estp and i think his lack of te is apparent . i was going to suggest the same thing considering the fi is so apparent . tertiary te ? maybe . ok maybe i have the fi and te out of order . ne dom followed by fi then te actually makes sense . ne ti fe ? ... haha okay buddy and you should feel free to read up on common english idioms like i rest my case . i rest my case . i mean , te is all about controlling the external environment . jamie doesn't try to control , he just adapts to the situation . tywin is really calm at all times but i think he's a psychopath ... which is a perfect example of te . i bet you could even picture tywin saying the same thing . the whole concept of imposing your will onto other people is te . quick , unstoppable rage with the sole ... i see that as fi . he is always defending his values and could care less about whether there are good vibes in any of the social settings he is in . his charm is genuine and he stands up for and cannot ... i can't remember what my old typing was for tyrion lannister but i'm almost 100 % convinced that the guy is an intj now . not only does he have what seems to be all of the required functions , he seems ... i mean , cool but shouldn't you back up that wild claim with functions or something ? i thought that he was an intj but lately i've sort of changed my mind thinking he's an entp . he seems really non-diplomatic . fixed that for you , unless you are suggesting intj is likely divergent which i highly doubt . finally somebody gets it . the answer to any who is the best ___ ? is always intj , don't you know this by now ? correct me if i'm wrong but isn't it more like she was convinced that she was in a dream--not emotionally attached to it ? just like some people are convinced the illuminati is real and controlling ... remember , i still don't think cobb is an istp so you might want to explain that first if you're going to use him as a comparator . ok so the ni-ti loop is what i was looking for . so then she's either istp or xnfj my first instinct is to say she has a tert or inferior ni casuing her to believe in some crazy conspiracy theory . maybe isfp ? you're probably right about ariadne . true , but he seems to be a 5w4 , 1w9 , 8w9 . sp / ? ? . i guess through enneagram he does seem to be more intj-like but probably due to social introversion . still it seems that te is stronger than ni but i ... i see his extroversion in his noticeable se as well as his constant driving-forward method of thinking . controlling the external world or trying to achieve some kind of result is what he is about ... cobb - entj . certainly not an istp . i will debate this with anyone who thinks otherwise . istp and intj are easily confused . very weak extroversion , does not posses the typical entj cool head . with ... you do . since your type is unknown you don't have to fight . based solely on what i have read in this thread and that one steak video someone posted , i think the guy is estj raging teenage hormones i bet . oh god this thread is deraling into discussions about anime ? ? ? ... d i s a s t e r ! ! ! ( kidding i love dragonball z and mirai nikki ) it seems like there is a divide based upon intellectualism ... i re-watched the nolan movies after making my last post . you suggest that batman is impulsive and sp-like . i think you misunderstand ni . essentially ni is a goal-oriented heat seeking missile . it has ... edit : copy paste problems ... reserved for later to type a person you look at the way their mind works . it can be spoonfed information but it will process it a certain way . the way it is processed reveals the functions . the functions reveal the ... '