' boredom , entp's greatest enemy . one day of boredom , we can deal , two we start to sweat , a week ? we become emo depressed little kids . i agree with you the most , when nothing else gets you moving , ... so i left pc for over a year and this happens ? glorious ! enjoy the scenery , take a photo every 30 mins and then make a video sing out - get a ton of disney movie songs and play them , you'll most likely know a few and it is impossible to not sing them . ... totally late for the party , i just had an urge to know what personality elsa had as i have come to realize i have massive crush on an animated character . if you guys are right , then it is quite ... narcissism 44 % unconventionality 61 % empiricism 94 % vitality 83 % othercentricism 16 % independence 44 % integrity 76 % intellect 61 % stoicism 61 % orderliness 11 % agnostic , but i would like to be proven wrong ... by either side . voting for the not experiencing true love . when i was younger i used to believe in older people saying it will eventually happen , that i was just over analysing myself by comparing my way of feeling ... hahaha , a friend got angry at me a few months ago when i told him eating was more of a chore than something i fully enjoyed . i eat because i have to , not because i care to . therefore , fastest than ... i would say dinosaur clowns when i was small . damn movies . but in reality it happened not long ago , waking up with my eyes wet after dreaming of a time when my parents would not longer be in this ... my mother is like britney spears ? mind = blown . however i agree with it is not a type thing , it is a person thing . a value system , what a person considers important enough to ... i didn't find it that hard . only when and adolescent didn't i know what to do with myself . but then again , who didn't ? since i was small i have always defied the forced concept and luckily my family ... cut ties with my family ? impossible , i adore my family . if one of them is depressed or being irrational i just talk to them out of it . friends the same , sometimes you just have to give them space to ... awkward at first most likely . but it depends a lot on how the relationship was ended . my best enfj friend from way back home ? i dread the thought of crossing her sight when visiting my parents . she ... clearly there is something she is not telling you , or you are not noticing that is bothering her quite a bit . + 1 to daydreaming and creating movie like stories on my head . mostly in my good lord i am bored moments , like on the train , before sleeping , extremely boring meeting , etc . sometimes , i get so much ... this was talked about before on a previous thread . my conclusion is that we like extremes , either we are hippies sleeping with anyone we like for the fun or we are prude and careful of who we sleep ... i dont know , i make fun of all my embarasing moments . getting hiccups during a work call meeting ? not because that is bad , just that my hiccups sounds like a very small puppy and everyone started ... true . there things in my being and decisions that simply will not be changed by anyone's opinon . as i take as an opnion , different to my own , that later due to other circunstances may end up in a ... any with a great history . that's how i managed to play along those visual novels even though you don't have to do anything but next , random option , next again . other than that ? graphic ... of course we are being loose with the words . i don't think anyone here seriously have any of these disorders . and if they do , they need to check it up with a psychiatrist . not one , but all of them . i must admit i lauged when i read you were all three as well . sadistic = i know i could enjoy light s & m only if i was on top . bipolar = i know i can get irritated very ... hmm , i dont know how anne hathaway is in real life . , but i liked most of her characters in the movies she was in . devil wears prada comes to mind because i really liked the movie , and both maryl ... i love this song , it is so sad . and so odd to see boys crying so saddly . i really really like the lyrics . it actually makes you feel sad for them . and the ... i used to collect stones when small . then coins when i inherited my grandma's coins from across the world , was lost on the house and several were destroyed due being underwater too long . now ? what i ... 1 . ignored . 2 . sightly disturbed . 3 . ponder why the hell this is happening yet try to avoid taking any action . that normally eventualy works . hakuna matata . 4 . ok i've been bothered enough , what ... hmm , for me it would be a combination of subject and feeling . mainly because across history you can see how people felt and thought at that time through art . given that i love humanity the most , i ... too many emoticons in a short time . try the enfp board , they are basically our clones but a little less awesome . i don't even remember this . but no , i have noticed over the years that i dislike being the top performer and enjoy being second or third much more . i like being good , but not when expected to be the ... the new era photon belt theory for the apocaylpse , that pseudo science should have been a novel ! also , given we are 2 weeks from the the end as so many crazy people want to believe . trying to ...   in case there ... was looking for another dcuo video , but found this and fell in love with this song . took a while getting enough words out of it to be able to search the singers . ... only one that i remember of . good luck , i find it insulting for people who actually an effort system administrator , i am a workaholic . i find it too fun and enternainig . it is not really a contest if you put entp in there . otherwise , istp men have been the most physically sexy i have found . they normally work out and are quiet . win-win but i was talking to a friend the other time at how i forget to eat all the time ! and that eating is more like a chore wasting time more than actually something i want to do . estj definitely . hell i get along with entj , and when they nag me about not doing something , they are most likely right . we entp are the kings and queens of procrastination . never had an intj ... during different times , it has been entj , enfj , estp ... and recently a new entj which whom i can stay hours talking to is slowly joining the inner circle :P . one time , continued chatting via sms ... welcome ! yeeep , i always thought i was crazy . then found this forum and realized indeed i am , just not the only one . exactly what zeep said . mostly non existent because i don't like anyone that often . could say easily once a year , but when all stars and constellations are aligned i can go crazy . but even then i ... perfectionist about my work , but i love my work and hate making mistakes on it . tt gets too much visibility to make some mistakes , can get up to two to three guys to come and talk about the error ... i prefer salty food , doesn't matter what style . but pasta , soup , and stew are my favs . also a suprisingly good cook if willing to spend the time needed . but usually i am not , so anything edible is ... when there is a low brick fence or something similar i have walk through it an play master equilibrist . doesn't matter if i am in a hurry to get somewhere . adore it , was surprised at first for liking something so girly when i never did such a thing . now i can't wait for the new season and bought the original toys on my last visit to usa . real fans ... hmm , for one i really wasn't qualified at all to work with , when the interviewer brought it up i just told her no one is born knowing , and i like learning . a week later i was informed i got the ... oh ! i remember one thing i did during my university years , studying design is a pain and takes you hours and hours of work without realizing it . to the point even i got tired , so one night angry at ... reminds me of something i do to remember people's names when i first met them . for example , a guy called mike would be wazowski . another guy called ariel would the the little mermaid . and so on ... of ... from the poll , took me a while to chose . ended up in flight because it would be the most fun and god i do love wind and weather in general . gotta love the windy mess right before a storm . using ... '