' huh ... and i thought you were the victim . i usually wear full black . i don't like it flashy , but it should be somewhat distinct , like in a unique way . anything that replaces actual human contact . i think it has loads of benefits ( i . e . stalking , information , old contacts ) . i do agree it has been used in a rather pointless way by the regular folks . my gut says intj . for some really weird reason , i hunched you were a swede before you had mentioned it : shocked : . välkommen till perc there is too much ; it'd be easier telling you what i don't listen to . ( exaggeration ) this is what i've been into recently sounds estpish . i'd say intj on sheldon – probably has ocpd and / or autism . getting stressed over details is , by the way , inferior se . i agree istj is off . you drew a general conclusion based on 4 personal connections ? bold move . istjs aren't necessarily conservative , they just need time to see the corners of the space they're ... i am more visual contra auditive . i can remember numbers ( though in a photographic way ) and faces better than names and sound . i score really high on working memory ( fluid intelligence ) , i don't ... psytrance like shpongle . classical music for the most part ( bach , rachmaninoff , liszt , schubert ... ) . it depends on how you see it . ( if you want a specific answer you should ask a more specific question . ) probably i can only speak for myself ; i don't know if this's an intj thing : i have a profound sense of time . i have gut feelings about when things are going to occur . i do things subconsciously , i sometimes ... you should read up on the enneagram type 6 if you want to know about their profile . the characteristics for each enneagram mentioned are probably the most distinct ones . i hunch the main purpose of ... it's between 5 , 8 and 9 ; i'm normally a 5 . sometimes ( depending on the situation ) i can be very 8 , when i'm stuck in my thoughts - - 9 . i hunch some of these are too specific , although i agree with ... i'd say sheldon ile ( ne - ti ) - - the socionics description . probably has ocpd or aspenger's . leonard intp howard estp raj infp penny esfp we're no longer friends man . ___ the expansion seems much more interesting . assuming there's much more detail , will you be uploading the rest ? 42909 works right guys .. ? ? .. please ? ? add ( serious ): personally i have a hard time knowing when it's green . because we're cool like that , we always wank though ... right .. ? i have this abillity , it's called sleep . i never seem to have the mana though . you should avoid these because they drain you . focus on your 4 and you'll be more likely successful . green / red . seems interesting - - will be back . lol , yeah more or less - - although i picture them more ruthless and goal oriented . i have 3 in my tritype , the 538 or 583 goes along pretty well , especially when you have that observing ( 5 ) and image concsiousness ( 3 ) . i have it easy reading people's postures and applying them ... really silly things to get hurt on . when my parents eventually pass away , that'll hurt . pfft , i can draw round circles without pennies . please . you tell them they are really nice and they make you feel good about yourself , use all the nicities , try to make them feel really uncomfie with feelings , and then when they get pissed - - you ask if ... i see fi and se , how about isfp ? maybe even infp . aww .. how cute please , do so . i was going to type something but your avatar made me change my mind . they see deeper meanings in things we find simple . it's more like b and a rather than b ( a ) and a . hence , b + a will create ba - - that's why i like working with istjs . the complete picture . @ adriana - - thank you , this's definately the inferior se . i've had trouble with this too , it exhausts me like nobodies business . what makes you think you're an f ? i've played that waltz along with many scriabin , chopin , rachie comps . wish there were people like you guys in my life , i'm all alone with my music . i had no idea ! that too ! this too , what have i been doing ? very insightful . the results don't say why so many intjs score high on the ocpd ratio . are we done with the hugs ? guess i'm too late : s i did a test and it mentioned that intjs are likely to have this , don't know if it's legit . is this true for you ? if so , how do you deal with it ? it's been hindrance to me . i have this inner conflict ... agree with megatuxracer . just like beth says , he isn't worth your attention . good luck . i would say intj and maybe enneagram 3 based on the questionnaire . i tell them i care -> feel pukeish - - it's all gooooood . ur such a jerk geeez . i rly hope you cchhchhcc-hchhhch . the moment 3:00 onwards gives me an indescribable emotion . debussy , brahms , chopin , rachmaninoff , bach , vivaldi , liszt - - and many ... i think it means , when you fly you don't tilt , so it's pretty balanced . most of us misuse steorids so it gets messy . ti can look like the work of fi - - common misconception . have you seen tony robbins ? this's so te + enneagram 3 and you're an intuitive . there's so much te , i'm shitting myself - - how are you not noticing ? sounds like a typical e3 thingy . ... you sound like an entj with enneagram 3w2 . you are image conscious and want to be admired ( you're mixing 2 with 3 ) , you use a great deal of te - - powerful entjs , see tony robbins , will learn that ... one moment . '