' oh , looked it up . this was from the book , my best self : using the enneagram to free the soul by kathleen v . hurley . i read the book , my best self : using the enneagram to free the soul by kathleen v . hurley something to the effect that heart center types have the most difficulty understanding gut types , gut types ... what do you want from me ? - - such an intj thing to say . ( adorbs ) . happened to me just like this . i guess the answer then is no , to a degree . it is just an annoyance for you . your benefactor ( in this system ) would be istp ... interesting . all of that sounds pretty irritating and unpleasant . ... i've been hooked on socionics recently . for those who know that system , intp ( intj ) is the benefactor for infj ( often , infp in mbti ) . ( i will refer to these types as intj and infp rather than their ... nooo ! i think you are on to something and if i took a bit more time i think i could give you an adequate response , but i am supposed to be studying so i will just respond with where i am at right ... well hmm , that is intriguing ! i guess maybe it's a big topic , but .. how is fatalism sort of helping you ( if that applies ) ? i don't really think being either optimistic or pessimistic truly ... is a large part of you a pessimist ? if so , what are you pessimistic about ? where does your optimism lie ? as for myself , i am an optimist when it comes to my ideals and the potential of people ... hello ! haven't explored too much but curious if it is possible to see somewhere a list of all the threads i've started and posts i've written . i'm trying to find a specific post i wrote in a very ... i have read about the dreaded loops of other types , but wasn't sure if it was a thing for our type or not . how would you characterize an fi-si loop for infps ? do some istps have difficulty apologizing for things ? of course that's human , but are there any istp stereotypes about lacking the will or ability to apologize ? hey enfjs . i am writing about someone i used to be friends with ( until a few days ago ) . so , it's not a relationship in that sense but just a friendship ( we are both girls ) . she is a 7w6 . i ... i wrote something here ... after a troubling interaction with my enfj friend , but then realized all of the faults i have and the way we miscommunicated and deleted it . i just see my faults now .. and ... this is good advice , maybe it was obvious and i just missed it . thank you for spelling it out . i feel this conversation can be over , but here are a few responses just because . i hesitate to ... meh , nevermind . do i feel emotionally conflicted ? not really . do i still read the guy in some sexual ways ? yes , but i feel it's slightly unwarranted and more due to the past . the whole se thing and noticing ... deleted . deleted . deleted . hmm , this is interesting . well , ( and ix92m thinking of in particular at type 7 enfj friend i have ) , i often react to what i think is the moral position behind the statement , or the tone , or somethingx 85 ... going through other threads - - learned a lot . things are getting much clearer . here are quotes i found interesting / helpful / amusing . yes , this is true . i will disagree with them because i don ’ t ... okay , i can see that . it seems like they are independent enough almost to not care what anyone thinks of what they do . but i imagine for a close friend or for a relationship it would be nice to ... deleted . interesting . how did you derive this being the fundamental desire ? or like ... can you say more on that ? you don't have to of course , but if you feel like sharing , i'd be very interested . i really ... deleted . nevermind . hey istps ! i share a close relationship with an istp in my life and he won't be going away any time soon and i want some insight on them and maybe how they view infps so i can understand him better ... i also had a kind of gross realization that i ’ m not proud to share having to do with … . well , one infj for sure . she was a 5w4 . another was a 4w5 but i don ’ t think it applies , or not half so much . ... this was really really awesome ! ! and indeed pointed to many relevant issues ... this was really very helpful . i have a lot of pondering to do over this . thanks . - - - general : ... i want to find or feel some sense of commonality with them ... to me , it is like an atmosphere . but i don't ever feel they pick up or resonate with that atmosphere and consequently i don't feel ... hello infjs ! ! ! i am … an infp . i feel like i communicate strangely to fe types and i want to understand why that is or where the disconnect lies . what is your experience communicating with ... how do yall manage routines ( question mark ) this keyboard is broken so i cant insert most punctuation . basically , i cant keep a routine of any sort for the life of me . that might have to do with ... sogood - - i am still in the middle of your post but it's very clear that the infp person you are referring to is an enneagram type 4 . i'm not sure if you know or are interested in that system of ... thanks everyone , so much for your responses . for some reason , i was expecting criticism ( ? ) or something negative . haha ! ! ! you are guys are supportive and helpful . thank you.thanks , i think an ... thank you . i like this response . or i mean , it is hopeful , more than hopeful . [ one thing ] it tells me is that all this is some kind of cognitive dissonance on my part that could possibly be ... due to cognitive differences or whatever , i did not feel adequately seen as a child . i developed almost a second identity or way of presenting myself so that i could get the attention that i felt i ... hello , first off , i wanted to say that this was pretty embarrassing for me to write . it ’ s embarrassing to express to others how weak i [ sometimes ] feel inside . i wanted to post to help get over my ... are you okay ? we are reading and here for you ficsci . often , when i feel like i am not connecting with someone but desperately want to ( maybe in a clingy way or maybe because i deeply care about them or want to figure them out / who they are / how they ... i haven't read the other posts yet but i have noticed that fi-users can be surprisingly cliquish for all their supposed good intentions . i think this can come off as highly judgmental from one ... yeah , i feel like i end , like a piece of meat . ( i think i am groveling over my female status . ) my mother is for sure a 7w8 sp / sx , with a strong 6 wing as well , but 8 dominant . i am not really sure if she is entp or estp . i keep going back and forth between the two . it is hard especially to ... i would want these qualities too - - i mean , if i was feeling like i wasn't achieving my goals or i was shy or hesitant , i'd hope to develop this part of myself as well . they are attractive qualities , ... i am quite effected by everything in my environment . one negative thing a person says to me can get stuck in my head all day . ( strong fi here at play ) but , i realized that i start to conk out in a ... relate to this sooo much ! ! ! does any of you feel like this ? do you feel you are so detached , reserved , distant that it affects your ability to make and sustain relationships ? what do you do about it ? yes , i can feel these ... thanks ! i guess i should have inferred that it was spd that is meant by psychosis . psychosis is a pretty strong word . i always thought of psychosis as an extreme and distinct state but maybe it ... mirrorghost : i like this bit on introjection from naranjo's , character & neurosis : in my experience the dominant defense mechanism in ennea-type iv is distinctly introjection , the operation of ... what are real-life examples of psychosis that an unhealthy type 5 might experience ? in no way am i calling myself healthy but i do see and have intimations of my health as feeling this way . bemusement is such a great way to put it . i end up laughing at myself , and the irony ... wow , i really relate to this , too . my melancholy is so strong because i feel drifting ... unable to communicate , even though i feel i have a strong message . ( misunderstood genius thing going on ... '