' i love him . there is no other way for me to be . we support each other . i think my intj let me in sooner than he intended to . i have that effect on people . within the first few weeks of our relationship , he broke down and cried all over me about an event in his past ... my current avatar has ' the look ' ... that's why i like her . somewhere between frightened and amazed and loving , as well as somewhat otherworldly . i think we're the most likely to have a friend we've ... okay ... so i found the songs about jane cd in a box of papers from college . i think i like it better now than i did then . : crazy : maroon 5 - sunday ... maroon 5 - the sun after school , walkin ' home fresh dirt under my fingernails and i can smell hot asphalt cars screech to a halt to let me pass ... yes . i cry at , oh , geez ... just about anything touching or sentimental . i used to have the damnedest time with hallmark commercials - - every time ! it's not so bad now . i mostly only cry about ... i believe you've let me in further than you ever planned i believe you have decided that you like me here i believe your tears are undeniably sincere i believe you want this more than i ... mine likes me to call him in the mornings ( we're long-distance atm ) , so he can go through an adorable pattern of whacking the snooze button , cooing / whining oh , i wanna snuggle youuu ! at me , and ... who says a nub ain't enough for a rub ? i don't consider myself shy , but i do take my time when my interest is more than fleeting . if this infj likes you , she will ... make it a point to give you encouragement , affirmations , and ... silliness aside , yes , of course they have the capacity for love . they have the capacity for the most passionate , all-encompassing love you could ever hope to imagine , and that's only the beginning ... my intj has the full jesus beard going . it's cute . i'm gonna step out on a limb and risk pissing off the intjs . meh ... they'll just correct me if i'm wrong . proceeding . have you actually mentioned that compliments are something that you need ? ... everything here : giantmicrobes * brought cake ... * how embarrassing . * knows better than to bring cake to a pie fight , so she goes back to bed * cruelty =/ = wit i wondered before if i was autistic . i asked my psychiatrist . he says definitely not . second and third opinions agreed with him . i have attention deficit disorder , and he attributes the temper to ... actually , i was pleased to see that there was no separate forum for glbt here . i feel if there were a separate subforum , it would give off the impression that we should not reference our sexuality ... i know that darker side well . it scares the snot out of me , to be completely honest , but i'd rather look it in the face than let it sneak up on me . it used to control me . retrospectively , my ... well ... : crazy : my mother is esfp ! i realize this probably isn't the type of relationship you were thinking of , but i think it's somewhat relevant . we clash intensely , and then we get over it , again and again ... i've typed as ... 5 9 1w2 8 i suppose i could just keep taking tests until a pattern emerges , but all the descriptions fit me just about as equally ( read : equally inaccurate ) . : frustrating : ^ _ ^ i had to resist my urge to put a grammar disclaimer on that picture when i posted it . alamour uniquefinallyamongpeers thanks . : blushed : i didn't expect that . i smoked for about 5 years , from 22 to 27 . i smoked half a pack of clove cigarettes every day , sometimes up to a pack and a half , but only rarely . in the first year after quitting , i probably ... i am my mother's oldest child . i have a sister a little less than 6 years younger than me . she is highly independent and extroverted , but from the time she was born , i said she was ' my baby ' ... if i love you , i will plant my feet and let you melt against me until we are in a balance of near-weightlessness , warmth , and affection . you will end the hug , because i never would ( unless , you know , ... uniquefinallyamongpeers ah , well ... geography is dreadfully unkind sometimes . in my experience , i'm really weird , but i just try to surround myself with people who are equally weird in ... two nuns sitting on a park bench when a flasher approaches ... one had a stroke ; the other couldn't reach . : tongue : why was the tomato blushing ? because he saw the salad dressing . ... two tomatoes are about to cross the road , but one is nervous . the first one crosses fearlessly and waves the other to ... trembling goosebumps tiny needles salty tears molten droplets stinging cheeks chill wind cold thoughts frozen dreams searing heartache oh , i don't doubt it , but we'd embarrass ourselves in public . : crazy : how to avoid trapped arm whilst cuddling in bed ( dating humor ) ^ i can't get this blasted thing to embed , but worth clicking . i tend to have a sandpaper-dry wit in social situations . and i have a reputation for making almost anything sound like a sexual innuendo . with my significant other , cuddling is absolutely yummy . my so is currently 2000 miles away , and the inability to snuggle is absolutely dreadful for both of us . ( he's more physically demonstrative ... ^ this . all of it . exactly . crazy intj sorry i got all judgy at you . projection much ? damn . what's the difference between an orange ? a vest , because a bicycle doesn't have buttons . ... what did the leper say to the prostitute ? keep the tip . in my experience , if i'm thinking about cheating , then i'm clearly not fully invested in the relationship . that means i should leave . no amount of rationalizing will make betraying someone's trust in ... i'm going to call it a 4 . i was unemployed for most of the year . i realized that my 5 - year relationship ( and the accompanying emotional / psychological abuse ) needed to end . i went through a ... well , hmm ... as an infj , maybe i shouldn't be posting , but you kind of left it open . i scored 33/36 on the one with the eyes . the other one ... i only got one of them correct within the first ... :: tries really , really hard not to cry all over the beautiful intjs for being wonderful and heartfelt and deep :: i have trouble with hypothetical questions . i take them far too seriously . 1 & 2 ... i honestly can't kill anything , even spiders ( and they terrify me ! ) . i'd try to escape in either of these ... i've used psilocybin mushrooms in the past , and hallucinogens are the only illicit drug i've ever felt inclined to use again . it's interesting you say you were an atheist prior . my experiences ... i did this quite recently , during the last year and a half of a very unhealthy , emotionally abusive relationship . i just shut down my interaction with the rest of the world . and in october , when i ... this is me all over . it serves me well on the job because the last thing my massage clients need to help them relax is me telling them things that will make them uncomfortable . it tends to get me ... this aching in my belly , the cold upon my bare skin , as i try to sleep , alone again ... taunted by the memory of your voice , the warmth of your skin , the gentle rise and fall of your chest , your ... '