' first of all i just want to say thank you to all the amazing replies in this post . i really feel like my questions were understood and i appreciate the insights offered , and am grateful you all took ... thanks dabbling for your thoughtful response . i can understand that and i like to think in an established relationship those things are likely to be easier . once you've set the tone for the ... hi all , i apologize if i'm not doing this right , i'm actually back after a long absence and i've had this on my mind for a while so i thought i would start a discussion . i'm an intj female , and i ... do you believe in destiny ? absolutely not . i feel it's a convenient way for people to take a back seat in their own life and with the short time i have i want to make the most of it , work my hardest ... popinjay : okay , it might be a little worrisome that a lot of what you've described about shadow fe i feel does apply . there could be some possible issues concerning some past childhood events of ... i'm an intj , and i was previously in the art field and still love being creative , but i couldn't stand the disorganized , completely subjective field that requires heavy socialization to get known ... could you enlighten me about what you mean concerning fe ? i'm not really sure what that is . also , i think that could be good , to be direct about what i want and to try a more casual relationship ... my last relationship wasn't particularly burdensome overall . i did try to please him and thus went out and did things with him and for him that i wouldn't have done otherwise , but i imagine that's ... my take on these : 1 . if a romantic relationship ends badly , would it be easy for you cut all ties and never talk to your ex again ? i used to buy into the whole no we can still be friends ... i am native fluent in french and decent in spanish though i haven't really used it since school . i love languages though and have been teaching myself a couple here and there ( a bit odd sounding , i ... lately i feel the intjs can't say ' i love you ' one is absolutely me . why are emotions so annoying ... i would like to ask not quite for advice but i think rather more for perspective . i hope this is okay to post , i'm a little hesitant about sharing but in a place like this it feels safe and detached ... are we allowed to vent here ? i feel like this topic has most likely been talked about ( or not ? ) . but lately i'm so tired of emotional people . i don't know what it is , i feel like i was more ... aww thank you so much ahmenrah , i'm glad you like it :) aww thank you :) and if you do let me know and i'll read it ! thank you so much cookiemonster ! i'm glad you can see an improvement , i'm trying each time i work to make it as good as i can , which is hopefully better than the time before :P thanks for the ... yea that's a good way to look at it <3 worldink has some good points , i don't think any of the people i fully trust have morals that deviate much from mine ( because i couldn't really see eye to eye , agree with or even like someone who was ... oh kathryne that is exactly how i feel and view everything , you have described it perfectly ! it's that mask . and i do feel that we are adaptable , i can put on that bubbly mask when the situation ... thanks for the clarification . i was just curious when people around the forum say they know types in real life what they meant . of course some may use it differently than others , but it seems like ... out of curiosity isitso ( and anyone else who replied here actually ) , when you share opinions about intjs you know , or when you talk about confirmed or not confirmed , are you talking about people who ... trying not to fall asleep . i don't know why i'm so tired right now ... i wish you the best of luck heather . and i'm by far no expert in men or relationships , trying to learn what i can . perhaps it is tied to some sort of unconscious fear ? it's the only idea i can ... i have felt this in previous crushes and relationships , to the point where i was so infatuated with a guy i thought about him 24/7 , missed him when he was away , couldn't stop talking about him , it ... i only recently learned about all these types and i feel a bit strange about being an intj . i know that the comments in this thread are generalized , or perhaps more likely the opposite , focused on ... for me , i'm not sure if i can explain it right but it's not an issue of trust . it's more an issue of seeing eye to eye . there are a limited number of people i do trust , and i do as many people in ... thanks indigo :) thanks for the comment , glad you like it . aye i drew it all , trying to improve it every week :) thanks for the feedback too . i realize they all seem interested in her but trust me it's not all ... i agree with this . math isn't always easy , but once i figure it out i get excited , and solving problems can get really fun . thanks for the welcomes all :) i miss you too k , have you been well ? we shall catch up soon ! <3 haha yes he just told me about it a day or two ago ~ it's great to see you here ! * hugs * i miss you too ! how have you been ? i shall definitely send you a buzz on aim . the webcomic is a work in progress ... i'm the eldest , with two brothers 2 and 4 years younger . very male dominated household completely focused on science ( even my mother's a microbiologist ! ) . somehow i came out of that as an artist . sketching some new characters of mine ~ i'm brand new here too , not entirely used to this classification myself , but it's nice to meet you , look forward to seeing you around . i will see what i can find , thank you :) i have not . i am exploring the forum at the moment , where would i find those ? well then the question becomes how do you define your temperament , from what types ? perhaps a description of myself is in order . i feel like i can get by in social situations without standing ... my favorite subject was biology , and my most hated sports . probably would have pursued biology if i hadn't had trouble when i switched schools . now i'm in art , but considering going back to biology ... maybe i'm overthinking everything too much :/ well i shall leave it at that then . thank you very much for your help . hmm i see . well i'd say i gain energy from contact that i value . lose energy from contact that i don't , so small talk or chatting or daily interactions from people that i am not close to . for estj ... well the fact that i don't get along with most people and even though i can easily talk if i want to in social situations ( small talk that is ) i don't really get to know many , i have a very small ... so that would definitely make me an extrovert ? from the individual definition of the concept i don't think if fits , but then i don't really understand the relationships between the different parts . most efficient definitely . hmm then that makes it tricky . i've been looking at them individually so i haven't sat down and looked through all of them . and something just occurred to me . perhaps my confusion stems from being immersed in an intj family ? i ... i have looked at estp , which is too competitive and just overall not really matching me . i looked at istp but i don't think i'm as territorial and inflexible . i have strong convictions but those are ... i follow rules and guidelines only so long as i believe they are correct and the best path to follow . i would never follow a rule for the sake of merely following it . i considered istj , but that description seems too cold and dedicated to duty to suit me . i do follow rules and guidelines but i'm not that strict about anything really . i took another one and here ... i didn't save the results , so i took it again and got yet another : estj . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) ... i love frank and honest crit most of all , so do not be afraid about that . if i could not accept that how would i improve ? i think an artist who cannot accept and follow crit won't be able to become a ... '