not sure about hugo ... thin is i'm not sure if the translations are faithful enough to represent his writing . yet you have a point that he's a lot more detached than someone , say , like dickens . i ... yes tolkien is an intp and pigs can fly ! his stuff was so stuffed with fi-judgements ( i . e . whether he approves of an object / person : elves are good ; orcs are bad ) it's almost the antithesis of ti , ... just one thing : why are infps pacifists ? lolz i thought you were talking about how bliss fukushima is , sunflowers , mutant butterflies , and zombies , and best of all no people that first sentence sounds distinctly un-intp-ish , at least to me . an intp might loiter round his / her first three functions far more , and produce nice little logic loops and maybes ( result of ne ) . in ... speaking from an intp perspective , superficially we're far from cold - we don the mask of the patient listener every time people have stuff to whine about , and drop empathetic comments so that they ... when was the last time i saw intp's pose q & as outside their own heads ? hmm ... you don't hate modern society , just society . read any of the great intp writers and listen to what they have to say about their respective contemporary societies and enjoy the deja vu i'm a invertebrate-creepy-crawly ( the spiders not me ) geek . i'm a bit of an anomaly for not hating insects , because humans are pre-programmed to be unnerved by creepy-crawlies , esp . spiders and the ... actually you can use language to narrow down your thoughts and make distinctions , a broad idea is nice but if you think in terms of language you'll have to fill in the details , which helps you kind ... good , i want to see the out-of-proportion stats for fantasy and scifi for ins just came over from the intp subforum , there's practically a warcry for atheists and agnostics there , so maybe i'd just put in my two cents for reasonable , respectful and logical discussion on the ... in general fours , fives and nines are the most action-oriented , community-minded people in the enneagram . if anything i expect them do be alpha more than any other type ( s ) . subtype included most ... errm , make the conversation happen ... inside your head . it isn't just an nt thing . go to the infp forum and piss yourself . intps are awkward , like they are born like that . they aren't entps . no getting round that . in general really all ins with fe , that's intps and infjs , are awkward and fi users don't * * * care . you ... people you are generalising wayyy too much , i don't really think that the so-called ' eastern ' and ' western ' culture is a credible way to classify modern culture in the first place . op , what exactly ... yes , i always want to prepare , and then i get cold feet , so instead of preparing myself to stop myself from chickening out i just throw myself into social situations and pray it doesn't go too ... just done it , neat little thing , but i'd just like to clarify on the meaning of ' general xxx ' and ' world xxx ' i thought you were talking about close to , as in emotionally , but i guess that's going too far for the intp sub . well , i think i act like an estj when i need to present ideas to people , which means i ... i can't agree more , it's very easy to write generally , but it's the interviewing that puts me off . maybe you should consider becoming a columnist , though ? if you think that stupidity and ignorance are not bad things , that is . ant colony optimization algorithms - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia i have never been thus treated in my entire life . my dear philosophers , please do not include natural organisms in your delightful theories , until and unless you really know about the animal or ... we are not nerds , full stop . i only know that 80 per cent of the time , esfs are telling you that they don't understand what you're saying and that you are on a different channel , but on the flip side , from my own experience , ... au contraire , mon ami . i have a decent to good memory in words and theories , numbers i'm so-so with , but i'm worst with everyday stuff , and i sometimes have to draw multiple lists to remind myself . i'm not an atheist , but i'm probably the next worst thing , a darwinist . i'll type only , fits more with my personality and ease , etc , etc . exatcly , i could care less about the lyrics and more about the melody . try lego , it helps you get excited by allowing you to shift your ideas into real life . i suppose so , but only consult people who will say nothing of substance so that our sound logic stays the way it is ? i disagree , an entj would probably want someone with power and social skills and a good image , while personally , i , as an intp , could never accept an extrovert who sacrificed his or her individuality ... no , but i don't think one really has to ask that many questions , can't you just figure it out in your head ? i don't understand . just these three words i'm pretty good at scrabble , not to say that i don't like chess , it's challengeing , but i'm bad at it simply because i don't plan everything well enough , and i never concentrate long enough , rarely ... quite possibly sherlock tell them that they're wrong ! nothing bugs them more than being wrong . wonder if anyone gets the reference , nicotine patches , remember ? we'd be callous and cold without our chameleon skins , and in five seconds we'd all be accusing each other of being dumb , politically incorrect , intrinsically biased , arrogant , etc , etc , not to ... hmm , reminds me of an anime i watched for no reason , doesn't bother you that the books are fake , though ? if you think you're a psychopath then you're most likely a sociopath , that's what intps always fantasise about being . just a tip , the diogenes club will surely help you . stupid sapiosexual fixtation , i n t p again ! i love mimicking the rp accent for its sheer ( perceived ) poshness , but the australian accent is so stereotypical that it's one of the easiest accents to mimic , personally . impose discipline into your own life . although we all are absent-minded , check several times before you leave the place if you have forgot anything . finally , and no joke , pay attention to grammar , it ... soulless ? of course not , that is , if souls existed on the first place , not to say that they don't . with intps capacity of thought and creativity , i'd think that they'd be the last people to be called ... i don't know if this has come up yet : ' let me think ' exactly , i have a few friends who are infatuated with mahler , who isn't , these days ? not to say that mahler's stuff is bad . , no , but they do find debussy boring , although in my opinion people should ... violin here , i used to hate the it , what's the point in reciting others ' works ? i asked . in my opinion , a performer is the meanest of all talents , while the composer is , of course , the greatest , as ... ' ello ! new here and not exactly a hundred per cent certain and i am intp , but here's what i'm listening at the moment : reverie - claude debussy ( sorry boys , [ and girls ] no links yet . )