' hey thanks for the resource head's up . if you go the traditional route , then yes you have to find an agent to help you connect with a publishing company and they'll hook you up with an editor ... hey guys . i'm working on releasing my first novel souladonis very soon . souladonis is a young adult fantasy series that has an entire mmorpg world built behind it . the problem is paying for the ... hey guys . i'm wondering if any of you have self-published a book and how you dealt with paying for the copyright , isbn numbers , cover art , and etc . also , do you sell through amazon in e-book format , ... that's something that i've been curious about . back in my high school days we had myspace . yeah , i'm a fossil . how do people start beef online ? is it with facebook ? i need more details . someone else mentioned having to see the school psychologist about not expressing herself . some of the stuff that i've read on this thread is so crazy that it sounds like it could only be the work of ... by the way everyone , my friend just told me about a documentary called the war on kids today . it can be seen on youtube . i didn't even get past the part on zero tolerance policy before i couldn't ... in my school there was the honors program and the regular program . the honors classes were generally harder and the best students were primarily in those . i thought that it was standard practice to ... hailfire first off : that is life as a middle child . people are often dismissive about my acute middle child syndrome , ... when i was in the second grade , i took a realistic looking toy gun to school . the safety patrol caught me and ratted me out to my mother . the school didn't do anything to me at all , but my mother did ... huesos thanks for that post . i had never heard the term trigueña before . the picture you labeled morena is basically what i had in mind when i think of the term morena . i wouldn't call a ... well i need to marry a mexican woman then . there is a spanish catholic church in town . it's a bit far from my house and i don't know anyone there , so i've never been there . it'd be a good place to ... yeah that's the problem . it's such a vastly complicated topic . i won't be able to do it perfect justice since there's an array of different characters with different problems to cover , but i want to ... the pageant of world history ? that doesn't even sound real . who would name a history book that ? you make your school sound like something out of the movie the waterboy . were those the regular ... isn't it an socio-economic thing ? since people really look down on illegal immigrants and are quick to think that any person with latin features might be an illegal immigrant ? also mexicans are easy ... teachers get abused in this country . i want to pull my fro out whenever i hear teachers being scapegoated as if the poor state of our education system is their fault . being a teacher is a sacrifice ... which race would that be ? people said some messed up stuff about you . it really degrades them more than you though . people speaking bad about others only shows their self-centeredness and their lack ... dude ! i just now looked at your profile huesos . this whole time i didn't know that you were a girl . that's a horse of a different color . wamphyrithrall i think i get it . i actually spent three months living in salvador da bahia , brazil . there , almost everyone was what one would call prieto . there was only one morena and i kind of ... yes it is helping . the character estefania represents the american born mexican . she sort of distances herself from her mexican heritage to shield herself from anti-mexican insults . julio is the ... huesos that's weird . do you mean black people or just really dark skinned latinos ? you know , there are light skinned latinos that practically look white like lucero , then ones with the olive skin , ... wamphyrithrall that's very interesting . i can sort of relate to that as an african american as opposed to american africans . although i think the situation between mexican americans and mexican ... haters gonna hate . you don't seem too bothered by it though . linadami picking on special needs children is just messed up . back in high school , one kid whom at one time i had considered a friend , threw a basketball at a special needs kid . i think he had a lot ... crono 91 yes practice makes perfect . do you ever do short stories ? some of the ways that i practice different points of view , voices , vocabulary , and presentation styles is through short stories . ... ah yes the uniforms . i got out a year or two before uniforms became prevalent . i spent 7 months teaching english in france and totally had favorites amongst the students . it's kind of hard not to ... meltedsorbet man you make me want some authentic mexican food . i don't think i've ever had tamales exactly . how do you feel about mexican american self-hatred and about mexican americans taking ... crono 91 congratulations on finishing your book . i just recently finished one myself , but i want to self-publish it so that i can keep the copyright to it . the one that i'm doing research for ( topic ... my white infj friend keeps accusing me of not being black . it's starting to annoy me and i may have to get ghetto on her so to speak . i think the reason that she thinks i'm not black is because she's ... yeah i know what you mean meltedsorbet . i find it difficult to write from the perspective of female characters . not that i can't do it , but if feels kind of inauthentic . i don't think that i'll have ... how about one's that are martial arts / fantasy novels with combat akin to street fighter ? bullying is only one aspect of it , but it's a pretty standard experience of high school so it has to be in it . aubbs i see . that's kind of hard to work into a book though . do you ever experience this cyber bullying business . do people burn on each other on facebook ? what if a kid got beat up , people took ... aubbs what role do sites like facebook and twitter play in the lives of the students at your school ? back when i was your age , the big thing was aol instant messenger aka aim . how do people talk ... i've done some work on composing the character estefania . i'm open to any comments , suggestions , or corrections . i will do the character julio later . estefanía gonzalezmain problem : estefanía is ... yeah i know how that is . i live in nashville , tennessee . while nashville is a major metropolitan city , many of the surrounding counties are not . whenever i see a rebel flag , i worry about getting ... that is a brilliant idea meltedsorbet . instead of focusing solely on negative stereotypes , i could also include things that people are not expected to be . and i know exactly what you mean about just ... daaang . what happened that made it that bad ? was it bullying , not fitting in , bad teachers or what ? unlike a lot of people here , i actually had a few good moments in high school . in fact , my ... if she meant college , then i could agree . wait , you're english aren't you ? i noticed you say mum . i mean university . uni is awesome . when people ask why are you quiet , you should tell them , we ... yeah i'm like that too . it everyone were then we'd have world peace overnight . are you a type 2 in the enneagram ? arieslilith wow , that is some racist stuff . although i find it ironic that the portuguese are trying to call a chinese person stupid . they had better check the current state of the world again ... no , she's a normal lesbian , but a cross dresser . the strangeness of the way she speaks and dresses distracts people from the fact that she's a lesbian . ... she's a normal lesbian ? what am i talking ... huesos no samuel a . k . a . samantha mae west is an openly lesbian student who dresses and speaks like a 1920s gangster . she figures that if she displays a weird eccentric personality , then people will ... but it is the purpose of the book is what i am saying . samuel the lgbt student gets made fun of for being a lesbian , lee who is korean and has aspergers gets called a chink amongst other things , the ... huesos well see there , that's exactly why i thought that i had better ask . i've known people from nicaragua , guatemala , and spain , but i don't really know any mexican people . but as this story is ... yes good point . it's a school with a lot of international students . technically , they wouldn't get too much grief based on ethnicity . but that's technically . the point is to mirror the actual ... i'm doing the planning work for a novel that i will soon be writing about the misfit students in a high school of applied martial arts . there's fighting and energy blasts and all that stuff , but ... hey thanks . i took a lot of that down . back in my day ( 2003 ) , we didn't have the facebook , or the twitter , wifi cellphones , or all of this other newfangled technology . shoot , back then we still had ... if it makes you feel better , i was once the suspect of a bomb threat in middle school . but it wasn't me , it was one of the other quiet kids . you had to go to the counselor's office for being quiet ? i get what you mean by labeling . by segregation are you referring to different cliques or like to literal old school racist segregation ? i ... what was so bad about jane ? thanks to you i now have tom petty's last dance with mary jane stuck in my head . do you mean that you pretended to be more like everyone else rather than being your true self ? what do you mean by not becoming what you could have ? '