' i am a guy , and this post might not really on the topic but hope it helps . for this post , i will take the word ' validation ' as ' approval ' , because i had issues with expectations from my mom . ( i'm ... maybe its just me , but i have a feeling that this whole thing is a risky bussiness . first , you are feeding off his anxiety ! ! ! ( you bastard , and thanks liminality ): kitteh : and now , 2 questions ... i have an idea , but i don't have the skills , nor the resources to create it . it is a portrait of a young woman having a cup of hot coffee . she is sitting by the window ( or any kind of glass panel ) , ... it is a tune that i had heard many many times since my childhood days , usually from toys that plays music when you turn them on . anyone knows the title of this song ? i made a midi file of it ... just remembered something . anime characters are usually given a blood type-personality stereotype instead of mbti . here in malaysia , hot water showers are considered as a kind of luxury . ( its summer all year long here , hot water showers are never really needed . only people with too much money in their pocket will ... oops , got to do more homework on ' shadow mode ' . try to change the second line with i don't think that anyone can have their personality completely flipped and stick to it for the rest of their ... i think this grandma had some sort of issues before . first , tell me . why is she living alone in your basement ? never really watched the show but i'll have to disagree with this . i don't think that anyone has the ability to be in ' shadow mode ' for more than a few seconds . it would be more easier for a ... not me . my attendance records are clean . but i space out a lot in class . topic of interest ? changes every few weeks . i think you're an overeducated 27 - year-old virgin who likes to hold the hands of superstitious old ladies and promise them everlasting life . clint eastwood as walt kowalski to father janovich , ... mostly females . because here in asia most male vocalists sing like b * tches and looks like one . pardon the language . ok , this is going to be a long one ... first , i don't think that it is possible to type a child accurately ; i had changed over the years . i don't really have any memories about my early ... i don't know whether this might sound ridiculous to any of you but for me , it feels like a ' soft landing ' of a conversation . if the middle of the conversation is the chorus part of a song , then a ... it might be a missionary station because i remembered that it said something that sounds like ' kristus ' before this recoding was made , which might mean ' christ ' as it is in the malay language . ... i received this signal 2 days ago on my shortwave radio ; 9685 khz , 000 malaysia time . i have no idea what language is this , but i think it is something eastern european . this is a 1 minute ... stargate ! and almost everything you can find in every armed forces ' arsenal . except warships . they looked so dull , ... not entirely impossible , i think . some booze might help , maybe ... but if we didn't get ourselves drunk in the first 2 minutes , we might get all burnt out and ending up peeing in the pill ... anyone positing in this thread might be charged with treason , but we will deal with that when the time comes . : tongue : aeguk ka ( north korea ): the best i've listened so far . ... my mom is quite a neat freak and i've always wanted to ask her this question : define ' neat ' ! i think that would be the tendency to make sure that we are not troubling anyone involved . not only the people in the management , but everyone , right down to the ones who will be affected by the ... ooohhh myyy goddd ! ! ! i don't even know that the japanese have such songs in the 80 ' s ! is this even legal ? i am used to listen to the older japanese songs , especially those from the ... please delete this one . i posted it by mistake . jpop . i prefer the 80 ' s and the early 90 ' s though , much to my friends ' annoyance . murashita kouzou - jyuurokusai ( 16 years old ) illustration by keibun ota . he draws young girls and children of ... i've listened to buddhist religious speeches , read the bible and sometimes i read al islam . the gods better prepare a special tribunal from now on so that me and my friends can have a hell to ... navigation > members list > search members ( advanced search ) esfp = 34 isfp = 167 as for 2.07 pm ( gmt + 8 , malaysian time ) 4th march , 2010 . never knew i am an isfp until i took the test for 6 times ... elfen lied - lilium - fate stay night - anata ga ita mori ( great song , but the series sucks ) - astro fighter ... i think i can relate myself to your sister . she sounds very much like a more potent version of a part of myself . i am a mixture of isxx ( look at the chart below and you will understand ) , and some of ... 1 ) how do you view and handle theory ? - - literaly , then i try to relate it with concrete examples that exists around me . deep intepretations comes later . 2 ) how does your fi work in contrast to ... longer sleep ? no . more time to get into deep sleep ? yes , hell yes ! this might be a xsfx thing . i can be easily annoyed by any sound in my bedroom when i try to sleep . my ex-roomate used to play ... hate them , and hate myself . it makes me feel stupid , weak . and anyone who has the need to blurt out their feelings to the whole world is worse . come over here , and let's date for a while . then we see how things go . berminat ? i can't stand tickles , especially around my lower back . and hi-frequency radio waves . using an wifi enabled laptop will make my hands go numb , and sitting near wifi access points / routers will make me ... same here . if you are looking for an infp doing engineering in college and studying foreign language at at same time , that would be me . istp ? isfp ? no idea . but this makes my life hard in it's own ... there should be one , at least . most pre-pentium pcs have their usb controllers on-board , the only thing you need is a connector that connects it to your casing . but i think they don't do it because ... '