o_o ... i dont even samhain this is actually kind of true , at the time of the interview i did know what the cognitive functions were and how they were responsible for everything , however i was still coming to grips ... yes it is , which is why im thankful for duel citizenship how do you handle alcohol ? depends , i find that my body is very tempromental to what ive had to eat befor hand . somenights i can go non-stop , others will end early after 1 or two drinks . is ... when you know you leave really good first impressions on people , usually because of how open and caring you appear to be , however following that you begin to worry that whilst yes you left a good ... prog rock and a sappy love story to read in bed i need to be moving in order to think , so usually i go for a walk , sometimes with others , sometimes not . i have no idea what that means though . ok well heres how i see it , we have a more introverted thought process for an extroverted personality , yet i think there are many ways to express it . still following the above listed patteren . ... i love rebels , yet as for myself , well not usually however when i do act out ( most recent example pretending to not speak english to annoy this rude person at a farmers market , its very harmless . ... right-o well at least i know for myself when i hit up a vacation i like to have everything planned upfront . i like to try and set myself up to experience as much as possible , and get nervous if i ... craziness i was having a discussion with my relatives about eye contact today and pretty much explained this verbatim to them ... i just find it easier this way and if it helps me be articulate ... ohhh eye contact ... i find it funny when people point out how bad i am at maintaining eye contact , never thought of it as an enfj thing however yea that does kinda make sense . i find it easier to ... ha ha awesome , i do feel kinda bad about how i shotgunned like the entire thing without really realizing it until 2 minutes after the video ended ... still was a lot of fun and yea good to hear ... well this happened and was looking for some feedback , do you think i represented the enfj well , if so why , and if not why not ? actually yes mr entj is by far the one who puts in the most effort to make the house look clean , by far far far , yet he isnt pushy on the others , that was actually an intj who used to live in the ... 1 . princess monokie 2.how to train your dragon 3 . black dynamite 4 . friday night lights 5 . serenity wow , i wasnt expecting results like this at all ... its probably because im a little jaded but 3/4 of the relationships ive been in involved my so cheating on me so yea , i could never cheat even ... ive found its always easiest for me to learn something though discussion , either by myself re-enforcing facts through teaching . or in a group environment where as , well a group we collaborate and ... well i wouldn't call my room a pigsty , more organized chaos , it looks like a mess to everyone but me . as for my own dishes , id say i do them right away 90 % of the time , and the other 10 % its because ... so watched the first vid , some interesting thoughts in terms of body language ... ill look at you when your speaking but then break eye contact to procsess the information ... i think that ... at 12:48 in the first vid i meant entj and entp ... ughhh sorry ok this is getting kinda creepy but yea purple solar storm this might be helpfull that was a typo , i meant infj , and i thought he was an enfj ... and yes hes infj ok then yea you probably are an infp , letting your fi juristic your ne as opposed to the enfp who would be the inverse . honestly im surprised more developed introverted fe's dont sometimes feel that ... ughhh that's creepy more then anything , pet names are more more for couples and the bestest of friends anyways another to add , i become peeved at myself whenever i mentally shut down due to ... i probably could have responded to this better instead of three posts :p next time , anyways one of my best friends was an infj and yea at first i thought he was an extravert just because of how he ... well how does your thought process work ? are you someone who goes out into the world willing to explore things and interact with people that you already know and enjoy ? or would you rather go out ... im thinking that's largely because your more developed in your introverted feeling and extroverted intuition . yes its probably good for you to be out their and throwing yourself into all sorts of ... what is punk ? their are two definitions , one is an ideology and the other is a preteen who thinks he knows everything and acts accordingly who is punk ? anyone who is willing to challenge the ... righty ways to make me mad include * unjust or unwarranted criticism * not listening to me in situations where i know i am right * acting unnecessarily selfish about anything i will also have to ... praise is my main motivator , if someone tells me im good at something , you bet im going to work on exactly what it is im good at , untill i become perfect at it . similarly if someone is overtly ... i believe it does a bit . unless im still not entirely grasping it , shouldn't the extroverted feelers ( esfj / enfj ) have a higher chance of being more overtly sensitive . thats how i perceive it at ... you avatar doesn't have enough ponies ok i found like i related to all of these :p ohhh boy can i relate to this one , however except for the type 6 , im a type 3w4 which makes things at time very crazy . lots of times i feel if i dont act perfectly , there is something wrong with me ... i stole mine from a song but still its how we survive , that what makes us who we are . when people dont respect my own values , beliefs and traditions , no matter how strong or minor . if i do something , i probably did it for a reason so when you immediately counter-act my action , it can ... my favorite book as well , also there is a movie comming when you can almost bring yourself to tears by creating an improvised story in your head based off of a prog-rock song . yes im still alive and keen although it may have to wait a bit longer , have a final exam this week followed by a trip to the states . once im in the states it may actually be easier because of ... retriever seems to be the closest wow i need to get into one of these crowds , i live with team intj / intp . the only other extravert i really hang out with is an entj . ok well , im extroverted as all hell however yea there are times when id rather stay home and chill to some music and internet instead of hanging with people , similarly my desk is a disaster area ... ^ why im fearful to be a parent , just the thought of my imaginary kid getting into any kind of danger whatsoever scares the hell out of me ... over protective dad ftl are you sensitive ? depends on my mental state however most of the time yes , frustratingly so , my feelings can get hurt quite easily by people who act out in mean or hurtful ways in unjustifiable ... i have yet to actually meet another enfj or infj , recently did a table of all my friends and yea , those two were missing ... id love to meet more enfj's in person but i hang with crowd introvert ... jeez , well when im not online , ill be at local ska or punk shows , board game meetings , football games , playing football at the park , surfing , swimming , anything water really , epic bike ride ... i feel the same way about this , i have the j mindset , and whilst i maintain that mindset on all things social , and material , i feel when it comes to things such as uni work i go down hill . i will ... ok this idea was shamelessly stolen from the entp thread but still between that and jawz thread its gotten me a thinkin . personally it would be how much i feel that im more an exfx and the others ...