' you are welcome to attempt a match with an infj :) oh yea me here . i'm constantly reminding my so why michigan winters do have a nice perk : cold winters kill the bugs ! this has been going on for years now . and she says she is about to kill me if ... hey all , i've recently retaken ' the test ' a couple of times and the result has come up infp . borderline p / j . i've been reading material on infj or infp ? a closer look and there is quite a lot ... i periodically take my sword-like letter opener in one hand , raise it up and say , by the power of grey skull ! just to see if works periodically . seriously , i pinch my eyelid with thumb ... ytmnd - what be medieval love ? the idea becoming close to an enfp would be incredible . when its time to meet up with the friends on the weekend - uh oh . friends , friends , i'm surrounded by friends ! where did they all come ... hypothetical scenario . what if some very well off infj were to offer plane tickets and hotel stays for a weekend to any current perc infj . let's say the california coast . let's pretend a pet ... ytmnd - medieval kanye outburst ytmnd - medieval snakes on a plane the truth for me as well . balance is almost impossible for me . the larger the endeavor , the more focused i become and it seems everything else is neglected . ytmnd - new talent on 60 minutes after many years observing the overwhelming evidence for a 4 and half billion year old earth , i'm pretty secure in my mind that this is true . however , what happened 14 billion years ago or earlier ... he who laughs , lasts ! mary pettibone poole i will plan then try to carry out that plan with 100 % effort until i get a basic breakthrough . after that i have trouble ' cleaning up ' or ' polishing ' the project . i find going back and tweeking ... yes metallica has infj songs - this is it ... and i repeat : kelseyt , vivid melody , thegirlcandance i stand in awe . jean luc picard said it best : you must balance the good of the many against the needs of the few . ok go - this too shall pass - rube goldberg machine version - official - youtube this too shall pass more like : scary good looking ! hi all , just thought i'd drop in and see if anyone i know still hangs around here . quite a number of changes to the site since i last logged in . hope everyone is doing well , and to all the new ... ytmnd - mega mona lisa this is a portrait of an infj right before the ' infj doorslam ! ' i just built a wooden box piggy bank that will have to be destroyed to get the savings . just like those old porcelain ( clay ? ) piggy banks you take a hammer to ! if the money is in the wallet it ... i have an android tablet that we are programming for work . i just can't imagine spending so much money for something that can break so easily . super thin equals super breakable ! one more piece ... ship leaves at 00:42 : 00 est anyone coming with me ? i've learned from justin bieber to ' never say never ' :) i'm going to go to the ' my little pony ' analogy ( again ) [ insert your ' concern for me ' comment here ] . let's say i was a boy pony in equestria . and i had a chance to meet all the famous ponies . at ... 19414 gidget ! ( click me ) over the weekend i just got pegged with : i've never seen him get excited about anything . i find it hard to be melodramatic in conversation . so invisible and ' un-excitable ' i be ! what others can teach me . i will i promise ! enfj , istj ( s ) . i never had the pleasure of having an infj best friend : sad : one with nature . relaxed . recharged ! any questions ? good luck with the trip ! i'm packing my bags tonight also , but staying in state . up north to the cabin for a good stay-cation . i'll be back in a week and a half , not quite the trip you have ... ytmnd - what is half-life 2 ! ?  you get the picard stamp of approval for this post ! well said and well done number one i would set him out to find his true love . if he returns defeated , i would help him escape with the king's daughter , whom was his true love the whole time ... this is for you bubbleboy ... jawz finds a note on verlavender ' s person just after he passed ... it reads dear , jawz , you are an honorary infj and will are entitled to your share . just make sure you flirt with all those ... the best comedy is when someone can share making fun of himself / herself for others ! my brain would absolutely split in two if i ever attempted that ( dating more than one person ) . i have always gone into a relationship with 100 % focus to the person i would be dating . where is the ... people who care even when they are told not to . actions . deeds . - someone who will hold the door for someone longer than is socially required . - a person at a baseball game who catches a foul ball and finds the nearest kid and gives it to ... the only type i wouldn't date is an iensftjp hey past me , you made it through believe it or not . you made it through . what's up present me , the grass is the same color no matter what side you are on ! oh , and future me , i hope to ... if you listen to everyone instead of yourself , you will regret it ... ytmnd - dreams are for kids '