' 1 . how do you feel about this or that type questions ? ( ex : coke or pepsi ? ) i love these questions ? ! ? ! ? ? god , i might be annoying bc i also love asking these questions , somehow i think i can learn ... death incurable sadness immortality , for sure ! i hate death sometimes i get uncomfortable with physical touch ... i always loved hugging ppl from my family , but never hugged friends till i went to a new school and made friends that hugged me , like , 5 times ... 277994 2776 42 and : small moments of intensity that help you understand something greater , whether that be intense pain or shock or even being super cold or something . sometimes those things , whether or not ... laughter absolute silence hugs high speed ( on cars , roller coasters ) strong wind 277537 2775 45 277553 2775 61 idk why it's so small : ~ ( nice melody i just dont like that kind of voice sooo ... hummm ... 7.5 beautiful ahh but i tend to write too much i send long textings , when i write about something on my notebook it take pages ... so i guess that when i'm writing things coming from my head , not from knowledge , ... omg haahahha ... i think that may be true . i've just remembered the history exams ... what there's left to say about this for god's sake ? ! ? ! ? ! i hate my city and always complain that there's nothing to do here but i've just remembered some cool stuff i like to do ... it's not so bad after all ... oh go drink coconut water nearby my house ... from scenes i see when i'm outside . or from emotions : anger or sadness . my best creations happened when i was angry . pringles 276946 yummmy old friend tears i don't i give my best commentaries when there's a group discussing something like crazy . i just watch , listen to everything they're saying ... till suddenly my brain creates a whole original thought about ... argh , this time thing sucks . i had a hard time writing essays at school because 30 lines was always the max . and it was very hard for me to summarize everything i wanted to say in 30 lines . so my ... actually , the 1st thing i do when i wake up is look at this bee and laugh : i find it so cute . and cute and funny ... i have just realized that a lot of things don't bother me . for example , when we are at a public space and start reading , people just suddenly start talking to us , don't they ? what book are you ... this headphones thing makes me sad i used to talk to people if they were with headphones , because when i'm with headphones i can talk and listen to music at the same time , so i just assumed everyone ... yes . i love when i wake up and there's nobody home ! ! ! i need 1 hour without voices after i get up it's so peaceful ♥ i've just seen this one thing and i remembered of you guys that avoid people : do you want to avoid people ? drink water . not only will you be hydrated , you don ’ t have to talk to people while ... but i can relate to a lot of things here : i love empty spaces , the night and doing things by myself . ummm ... i always manage to run away from people who talks nonstop and don't let you say a ... i have no problem with small talk . i think of that as a way of starting conversations . and i'm always in the mood of having conversations with strangers . i love talking to strangers , all i need is ... now i'm curious . pleaseee say what you say to them “ anything seems possible at night ... when the rest of the world has gone to sleep . ” or whatever that is hahahahahahah ... hoohooharhar loved your laugh i water my plant i feel agony when people are counting numbers out loud . even if i have nothing to do with that counting . 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 ... ... 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 are the worst what do you do to me just traveling alone is an adventure , i'd love to do those things this trip you want to do seems pretty cool , you're reminding me of christopher mccandless ! ! ! 1 i still don't have a most ... volare ♥ i used to play metallophone while my school coral sang this song nostalgia froo-oo-oot la la la la la la ♫ worst book : the shack so boring worst movie : mean girls 2 isfj ? ? ohhh nice melody , didn't like her voice very much but liked the melody lots if i was in a sad mood i'd enjoy it way more , if very very sad - emotional hell - i'd cry lyrics are ok ... so many people live within unhappy circumstances and yet will not take the initiative to change their situation because they are conditioned to a life of security , conformity , and conservatism , all ... medianeras an argentine movie about urban loneliness with lots of cool quotes one by richard bach , started today , seems goood ! ! ! parallel universes ♥ the letters of vincent van gogh by guess who ... van gogh a brief history of time by hawking what's yours ? yes ! hahahah but i use this forum better because only subscribers can see my profile plotting something evil hahahhahahah ... never happened to me . funny ohhh i wanted to be pediatrician too ... but i gave up on going to medical school in elderly care a person can learn a lot by listening to patients , might be inspiring . i've just remembered of ... yes ! 20 rarely i find old people in a young bodies : ~ ( people my age are so boring , if you're not like them you're disqualified argh i am very happy today because i met such funny people and i love laughing so ... it was fun :) also i have decided today that i want to be poor maybe i'll change my mind about the ' poor ' thing but ... i think this has to do with maturity or the people she dealt in her life i used to be like that when i was a child , but i grew up around people who always complained about these things and said to ... '