' ... when your one main problem is your contradicting preferences , multiple-thinking for a single subject / object ( which is power-draining ) and you've grown weary for taking the burden of the ... dear infjs , if possible , everyone . all you have to do is to survive every other day . because the ultimate scale of your strength prevails not in the times of your comfort , but in the tough times ! ... do you agree that enfps are far more smarter ( witty ) than infjs and infjs are more quick-tempered than enfps . fact ? you keep recalling those mistakes you made from the past . deejaz here's the original image : hi prince are u a gay deejaz nice but , no , no way the mug will become hothttp :/ / www.skinnymom.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/giphy1.gif deejaz try ice cold coffee instead of reheating it ? might good as well * see i think it depends on the content of the compliment or what kind of person is giving that compliment . if you that person as honest and genuine , what else you can do but to accept that compliment greetings , everyone . i've been in here in the forums for quite some time ago and i was actually surprised about the great amount of random discussions here . i am an infj , but i see myself as not as ... ah . it's ok . how about zaos thanks in advance ah . xaos , ( if not available ) xao $ thanks sheena ( you have a lovely name ) miss prince your request will not be granted , i think . change the spelling instead and retain the sound . closest alternatives : ' gad ' , ' ghad ' or ' gud ' ' xaos ' , thanks ( no quote and comma ) . i'm in thirst for adventure and i have to start it today . no man is a sky . yep over again sometimes , there's something about us that mbti cannot describe . nevertheless , welcome to the forums . if a cat doesn't trust you , it will not trust you from the rest of their lives . if your a type of person who hates giving up , try to tame him by the any method just like how the proper way to get ... are you the first owner of the cat , rawr ah .. nevermind . well , how'd ya know he's already 9 and , did the owner left him for you are you kitten me again are you kitten me , no personality type for cats every infj is real it's because we almost spend our introverted time in the internet so what are those qualifications of being a true infj good at poker-face me neither give a crap . that notion is a scrap . an infj banner ? probably . sodom and gommorah , know what will happen to you . am also a ' n00bie ' here . greetings , i'm an infj . and i'm also expecting more of the stuffs that could come out from your mouth . but unlike you , i can do a lot more crazier , i can vomit flames in ... circumcised or not , both doesn't matter . the only issue is that , if the occultist / your grandpa ( on traditional practices ) had successfully removed your foreskin untidly with a use of random sharp ... false when enfp struggles , feel free to ask for delivery . i can almost snuggle all of you guys ( hey , am not perverted ) just kidding . :) regardless , i am infj here waving my hand . count on me for any ... { { 177 cm 125 lbs } } <--- unhealthy ? oh , i just found out that this sub-f is spam world . my bad . o , o next time when making a thread , if you don't want ' n00bies ' pals to post on your thread , put an indication to your title like no strangers allowed to post something like dat . i'm kidding again ... is this an interview thread trutblack-private or white-private : the difference is ... kidding . you almost sounded like me history student i am an infj and i really think you are an infj , too . don't be confuse fella , together we will start to explore more of us , and also helping each other to ... 1when you wanted to change yourself--from the better person you are to a real person ' till you become the ideal person you always wanted to be ... each day ... every minute ... every moment of your life ... most of the discussions in this forum are not quite interesting at all imo . i think the word addicted is inappropriate . i . can't . think . anythingelse . too sad for you , mortal . how do yo it , need a princess ' or rather a goblin's kiss to wake you up from you eternal sleep ? i think i should take a rest too--whoah , i forgot that i'm immortal . hmm , it's pretty tough for me to define its elements . well , maybe just think of how each gears and the escapement of a pendulum clock work with each other . the motion of one triggers the other . each ... ni is something that where awesome things originates . i think you already got the idea and started to ask another question . my bad , i just found out that i don't fit to anyone of you guys ( or haven't found someone similar to me ) well , i'm an alien inside the planet of aliens ፦ ｄ alright , here we go : mbti : infj 9gram : 5w4 4w5 1w9 , arch . the researcher , the iconoclast , the maverick or the hermit instinctual variant : so / sp asura ( the demi-god or titan ) ... eyes : yes . facial expression : no , disconnected . answer : a sort of yes and no . it's pretty ni and fe conflict , i guess . '