' i like instructional manuals . cook books . how-to books . lots of pictures = good . i read “ notes from my travels ” by angelina jolie and enjoyed it . it turned me onto unhcr & made me ... for what it's worth , i've never read anything you've written that sounded ridiculous or embarassing . i read your question about dreamers . i think i might've even answered it . compared to some of ... i'm in a silly mood . perc is giving me an internet addiction it's like computer crack i might go get help and just stop perc altogether i prefer instant mac n cheese over the real stuff . which is kind of disturbing considering it's powder cheese . i blame this on commercialism and maybe even aliens . i'm glad you put this thread together . imagery art ( drawing esp ) is very important to me . i still enjoy it . can anyone relate ? yes . feeling on display hits home for me too . are you good public speakers ? i used to be . i was in debate & model un & theatre in high school and college . it's easier ... then he needs to excercise more i'm the only infp i know who does an infj doorslam better than most infjs . the people who have screwed me over ... and i mean really really screwed me over ... they no longer exist in my world . ... : mellow : so . : laughing : i don't think this is a silly question at all . i think in the future there will be more idealists and dreamers than there are today . maybe that's because i'm an idealist ... : mellow : . someone ... i'm not good with names either . but oooo oooo guess mine ! i'd rather be the good therapist . my dream job would be a confession booth priest . i like to solve emotional people problems because that's my niche . probably the same kind of rush an intx gets ... you're a dumb topic : wink : : laughing : . thank you for posting that say personality cafe changed the thanks rules . they are no longer limitless . now they're like currency . part one would you give them away at every oppertunity , budget them out , or hoard ... welcome ! ! ! i can get vocal if pushed to a point & can also suffer low moods too . i've seen an array of mental illnesses ( everything from ocd to severe depression & bipolar disorder ) mentioned on ... my heart goes out to you . i'm sorry you've had nightmares like this . maybe if you can clear the air with your husband about his highschool sweetheart the dreams will stop . maybe it has nothing to ... you sound a bit like an infp if i could be anything other than infp it would be infj . because i like the ordering of your functions . it makes you more sane-er-ish . errr ... rational maybe ... in my experience it's not as bad as you would think . don't be afraid to take the leap if you ’ re considering it . two thanks for every post ? personally , i'm one of those dull simpletons . :p roud : i'm just here for the experience . wether or not it's random or only appears random or we have a purpose or no set purpose - either way i'm okay ... everyone who has something to say but is too anxious to hit send should just come dump it on my wall . i love reading that stuff . it makes feel warm and fuzzy inside . sometimes i wish i could thank all of you twice . i hate that people can feel pain & wish i could help put a stop to it forever for everyone : unsure : explain that for me 1 . is it easy for you to maintain eye contact during conversation ( in general ) ? 2 . with some people more than others ? 3 . are there situations where eye contact becomes too overwhelming for ... i'm feeling really antisocial . i wish i had a cave on a private island . with cable . and a big soft blanket . big fluffly pillows . and a pantry full of cookies . and really really cold milk . ... 1 . is it easy for you to maintain eye contact during conversation ( in general ) ? 2 . with some people more than others ? 3 . are there situations where eye contact becomes too overwhelming for ... i think ethylester and i were separated at birth . i can wholeheartedly relate to everything she writes . in this case i lost it at the same age . in the same way . went through the same phase . got ... seriously this is what i think ... no sugar coating ... your dad really cares a lot about you he's just having a hard time understanding your vision . he wants you to be successful and happy . he ... how good are you with dealing at conflict and criticism ? i hate it . what's your way to deal with them ? natural tendency is to internalize it and mull over it ad nauseum . if it's a conflict ... you sound like you're in a rut . from what i know about infjs you all have to retreat & recover from the world from time to time . i wouldn't feel guilty about just doing the bear minimum and using ... i agree wholeheartedly bellcs . well said . well ... :d ry : ... some of you remind me of infps sometimes ... sssooo ... where does that put us ? i guess that means we're just all humans . 1 ) for a mental squirk ? yeah 2 ) if so what kind ? body dismorphic disorder / related eating disorders 3 ) you can relate to it , can you then however relate to thinking you need to see one ? yeah . my ... damn i'm wrong . you're right . we're a federal republic not a democratic republic . i love you absurdist , points for you . it's technically a democratic republic : happy : i've heard some argue we're a republic that needs to move more toward democracy . * sigh * i guess that means we're doing a good job of pissing off ... moderate . both sides need each other . if we only have one hand on one side we're going to drop the ball . one hand on each side pushing against each other is perfect . that way the two ... thank you . haha ... most famous artists don't think they can draw . true story . i'm sure you'd pick up on it ( animae ) faster than you think . you should check out a drawing book or two at the ... true . thank you sedna 90377 ! #129th reason i want to be an infj tarot card reading skills you're very brave to share your stories jangoscarlet . are you good at drawing ? this would make an excellent anime strip . your writing style fits that format . i have lots of stories too . i'm ... good for you for getting out there and seeing where it leads . :p roud : ... are you watching my thoughts or something :d ry : ... because i swear this is me and my behavior exactly . to a tee . likewise faithfully married . likewise a romance imagineer . it's just ... agreed with all of the above . i'm actually kind of bitter about a radial design project i submitted in an art class . when i was finished my teacher swiped it out of my hands and held it up for ... i think it's easier to think it'd be the opposite gender ... until ... you put yourself in their shoes . then you realize it's actually pretty equally challenging & equally good . i think it's ... i can tell you're infj just by your face : tongue : . i would absolutly mind being single again . that's why i got married . it's the physical intimacy that keeps me hooked . i'm a ... face your fears . plan . pack & go . changing locations is powerful . it really does broaden your view of life . i'm usually the one who thinks others are intimidating . <- i've thought that about many of you . people seem to have the opposite opinion of me . i'm easy to approach but i get you're not as ... ... sexual grand master ... ? :d ry : sweet innocent '