'   thank you for your response , vinnie . i appreciate your opinion . : happy : if you don't mind me asking , what exactly did you dislike about the metamorphosis ? was it kafka's writing style or subject ? just curious . this is one of my favorite books . : happy : “ how about if i sleep a little bit longer and forget all this nonsense . ” ― franz kafka , metamorphosis welcome to the forums : welcome : < checks own profile again for grammatical errors > i don't normally correct someone , unless it is in an academic / work setting . small mistakes , although noticed , do not send me into a tirade . i am ... first test : you're a seeker and if that means a leap into the unknown youx 92ll take it : even if it might lead to a lost wallet , broken bone or a police escort home , thatx 92s just living right ? ...  take time to get to know us first . post a bit in the sub-forum . most of us don't bite . and welcome to the forums . : welcome : i have effectively ( but not intentionally ) trained the people at my local coffee shop . i pull up to the drive thru window . the barista asks if i want my usual . i give an affirmative reply . i get ... i tried to dump my stupid here , and the thread would not let me upload people . that is false advertising ! i want a refund , dammit . some days i will put in my earbuds and realize hours later i never turned on the music . some days i will listen to one certain song 100 times , analyzing every bridge , instrument , note , and ... this accurately describes my everyday train of thought , as well as my lucid dreaming experiences . i often found it odd that i will dream of a certain scenario ( i frequently utilize lucid dreaming ... if i didn't enjoy snowshoeing and skiing , i would hibernate until april . does this mean i can't roll my eyes ? : shocked : it only works if you are wearing a red scarf . i thought it was amusing . what happened ? you left us hanging ... : tongue : it reminded me of all the random people that ask for my help / opinion at the grocery store . time travel ( certain people i would choose to never meet / interact with ... plus the chance to understand authentic historic events , rather than the censored fluff we are taught ) teleportation ... i don't watch television , except in that rare moment i remember a chelsea game is on . even then , it becomes a backdrop to whatever i am doing . i online game ... i would rather waste my free time ... dear istp man in my life , you are seriously pushing all the wrong buttons at the moment . every single one . get your head out of your pompous ass , or i walk away . it is as simple as that . ... this isn't narnia ? : unsure : i hope you will get another chance to see them . they are in eu next month , but will be back in the us in december . dcfc puts on a great show . i was supposed to see catfish and the bottlemen about ... welcome to the forums . i look forward to reading your future posts . : happy :  sex . love is too complicated and messy and painful . at least when sex is complicated and messy and painful , it is enjoyable . nbpc - the daydreamer nature , background , big picture , and color you perceive the world with particular attention to nature . you focus on the hidden treasures of life ( the background ) and how ... : welcome : my perception is close . enjoy your night . : happy : pbr is just wrong . : unsure : i do have a lovely 12yr single malt i had shipped from the uk , though . or a flavorful stout or pale ale works well , also . haha ironically , i had offered the ... true , the sweater is quite busy but hipster approved ! i spilt pbr on my best flannel whilst waiting in line at my favorite underground club to see an obscure band that no one has heard .. i do ... should i call you buddha ? or just hungry ? and the lotions on the skin is working out well for you ... i would have guessed you to be around my age . - small talk with random people - self-motivation to complete menial tasks intp wow . she is only 51 ... time has not been kind to her . : confused : hipster ? please ... it has been twenty years ... does she look that bad ? i have never seen orange is the new black ( i rarely watch tv ) . : unsure : haha since when does an intp merely decide upon one of anything ? exercise describe a typical week of exercise . 3-6 days , time varies where do you exercise ? in the forest / park ( hiking , trail running , bouldering , snowshoeing ) at a local climbing wall ... empire records the holiday eat , pray , love 10 things i hate about you breakfast at tiffany's hackers rushmore good will hunting amélie dazed and confused : welcome : cartier : there is another way of doing mathematics , equally successful , and the two methods should supplement each other and not fight . you have probably read this ? ... '