' yes , i'd say that sounds accurate . i feel like i can keep up a facade of self-discipline and dedication but at the end of the day i wish i cared more . i am constantly going with the flow of life and things that happen . i don't dream of make-believe things like an infp probably would , i like to think of practical possibilities and things tied heavily to reality . i'm absent minded and get lost in thought all the ... i like to smoke ( sativa ) - heightens all my senses and i can explore the ethereal depths of my mind , if you will . ps : if you ever even speculate yourself having an addiction problem please seek ... honestly this sounds like your average fuck boy . i think it's a combination of fi and se if anything , fi being selfish and se taking advantage of opportunities to self indulge . i would go as far as ... yes , cigarettes and weed . given enough time , of course . 100 % me as well . if i don't see a person as being valuable to me in my future , yes , i will shut them out . i got roi-m , the artist . 669794 sick burn bruv isfp 7w8 wooo esfp mom , estj dad . why is the title r1 ? when i walk my dog i might go to the park . i guess if the park is nice ( like the one i lived next to downtown ) i'll go often . i mean ... sure . it isn't hard for me personally but looking at this from a broader perspective i can see how it could be difficult for us . isfp but jesse pinkman , for sure . how did a conversation about isfp weirdness turn into a hitler appreciation thread ? ayy . i'm commonly known as nine on perc and the discord servers some members on here are part of . i was told to come here for inquiries re : changing my username . the current nine ( nine ) has ... lmao uhhh no . i also see right through people when they do this . i agree with this ; also , feelings are usually a bit overwhelming for those who are not used to going about their day being wary of them , analyzing them , making decisions based on them , etc . for ... echoing the answer here a bit but 4 , 2 , 6 and 9 are the most common enneagram types for the isfp i believe . i'm a 9w1 . :) i'm more into arts if i had to compare , but yeah , i read shit on wikipedia all the time and i'm subscribed to science newsletters ... but i think that's kind of common ? i mean , i like crazy ideas as much as the next person but they're meaningless without some practical thinking . yup , i would say i relate to all of it . you are my people . bring it in , group hug everyone . sometime ago i was told i would be a lot like her if i was consistently moodier . i haven't watched arrow but i'm curious about her character . oh yeah , i think luke skywalker is an infp but rey is ... * pulls up a chair , a blanket , a cup of coffee and laptop * ahhh . don't mind me . just here for the vibes . i'm kind of like , i feel that my te is switched on for a while but i , too , eventually get tired . right now at work , for example , i feel like i'm outshining my co-workers in the organization ... is this weird ... i'm not really capable of doing the former ? i'm a white european woman with a roof over my head , i feel like i don't have much really getting me down . oh , but i am a college drop ... it isn't : kitteh : i fit my entire hand in a pringles can and got the very last pringle out . eat your heart out , bo burnham . this phrase isn't really applicable when the word of the messenger isn't void of falsity . according to this reasoning all hard-to-read entps should have a higher iq and be easier to read . you would perhaps make a better case for yourself talking about the functions of an entp to explain ... no problem ! she was most likely just depressed . dumping you probably gave her a newly found sense of freedom and excitement because you two were together for such a long time ( this is the case ... isfp , 3 tabs open . i don't have any more than 6 usually . this sounds a lot like me after i've gone through break ups . when someone dumps me , or if i leave them , i leave the entire relationship where it is . i don't touch it , i try not to think about it , and ... i didn't realize it was you . keep it in your pants , jay . :d ry : : laughing : me too thanks just wondering , how do you two get along ? my younger sister is a textbook example estj as well . she's living under the same roof as me for the time being and wow , i already feel bad for the kids she ... isfp , my clothing is strictly grayscale . i don't like wearing colors . black is my favorite ( sorry anna wintour ) . i've always thought my weird personality makes up for my minimalist wardrobe . i ... my entp works as a sales guy ( not a career , just a job for the here and now ) . he says he often feels removed from his true self at work , so he decided to take the mbti test under stress . he scored ... funny you even mention this because i thought about this a few days ago . i think as i get older i just lose coordination . i'm 24 so i'm in that weird phase where i can relate to the way kids think ... this is a thing ? ? i have it too ! i've been made fun of for it my whole life ! i'm reading the wikipedia page . the sneezes generally occur in bursts of 1 to 10 sneezes , followed by a refractory period ... i'm 100 % finnish but i'm mistaken for an american all the time because i have no accent i love animals and studied animal medicine for a while but i felt the practice wasn't mentally stimulating ... please do the above and submit final drawings . i want to see everyone's masterpieces . ... maybe . don't tell me what i'm not . that's what i used to think , but a lot of the nt's i know don't like them . '