unmasking my true self he actually got fired ages ago for looking up bestiality . i wish i was joking . he was a strange guy i'm back ! ( but i can't think of any words to say ) wow , this is so dark but awesome i have a desk job and i don't find it too bad . i haven't done data entry in about 10 years though , but i remember finding it tedious . now days i get to play around with code and auditing software , ... i'm a very uncoordinated and self concious person , but i can enjoy dancing on a night out occationally . i need to be a bit drunk before i have the confidence to go up , but once i start i'll be ... i'm in that early stage of a relationship where your brain is constantly flooded with dopamine and you're insanely happy all the time . it's great :) out of everyone on the forum , i'd like to date oh wait , i am xd today i'm very happy . i'm full of feelings and stuff 526370 i hope you don't mind if i hijack this thread with some blues ( people tend to like both anyway )  ... i took some selfies because miniblini asked me to 5254905254 9852550 6 i've bought so many games this month , but there's another one i'm thinking of getting . i need it . i'm doing housework , it's horrible ... i would rather be on steam talking to miniblini eurovision was very bland this year and i didn't think the winning song was very strong at all . the british entry was much better this year though edit : i also liked germany's kawaii outfit i get super clingy and touchy i also obsess about them until i am a mental wreak i downloaded an extension on chrome that replaces all pictures on a website with pictures of nicholas cage . it made miniblini ' s last post even funnier 520834 quina makes me happy . just look at him / her it's so hot over here right now , and i don't have anymore clothes to take off :( i'm generally a good friend , but i'm terrible with keeping secrets . i wish people wouldn't tell me any because i can't help but gossip about it . i can also be a complainy pants and sulk sometimes tucken , because feet are gross i want to marry someone from the forum too the view from my window 519066 i was planning on having a half-day today , but i'm still sitting at my desk , waiting on figures from people before i can leave . it's making me a sulkosaurus rex i get mine from mokona , a mascot character from the anime rayearth . i spelt it wrong , but still liked it senior data analyst here ! it's a good field to get into and always in demand . the pay is good , but you need quite a few years of experience to get to that point . do you need someone to be your ... i handed in a library book late , thug life . i misbehave more as an adult , i think i'm making up for having such a straight arrow childhood . ah a singles lounge ! time to get paralytically drunk and see what happens ! i wish i was the person i am now , 15 years ago . i've developed so much from a shy loser to a ( moderately ) outgoing and charming individual . i feel like i've wasted my youth . can infjs be quite blunt ? i was seeing one a few weeks ago and she came across more like an entj . i got the feeling that it was more defensive thing as she seemed a bit insecure . i like anything with a kick to it . spicy peppers , english mustard , strong cheese , etc my absolute favorited food is probably some sort of curry that's hot enough to make me cry nope , sunny old england . maybe there's just lots of incredibly handsome people in missouri ? all the cool kids play pathfinder in sunglasses  i've decided to do another comparison with my younger self . 2006ish ... i don't know ! i guess my body isn't very good at telling me when i'm not hungry any more :( ( i'd probably make a good bear ) uuuuh , i made 2 days worth of pasta but ended up eating the whole bastard thing in one sitting . now i can't move ... i relate to the others , but i've never understood comfort eating . when i'm stressed or anxious my digestive system completely shuts down . my favourite foods taste like ash and anything i force down ... from my personal experiences , i've only really attracted women when i act the least like an infp . although they have always appreciated the deepness and sensitivity once they got to know me . it's ... we should create a group and make matching t-shirts ! like these guys wow really ? a couple of americans i've met have also thought this . i've always thought i sound quite posh though :( i think satan is misunderstood . no one has ever listened to his side of the story :/ i'm tucked away in a server room today and it's so cold :( i needed to get away from my office so i could do an online course without interruptions , but i think i chose my location poorly . well , ... i'll fight you hmm , i dunno . most entp i've met have been a bit blunt and impatient with me . do you lot like cuddling at least ? can i be the small spoon ? i have a date with a girl called kel tomorrow evening . it will take all my willpower to resist asking her ' who loves orange soda ? ' you ;) i was talking to a girl in the club on saturday . i think i was quite charming to start with , but in the end i got a little drunk . a song came on which i liked , so i thought i'd sing along loudly ... that'll be from be from the smoke machine and strobing lights . yeah , i was pretty happy . i can't remember what i was sulking about , but it was temporary :)