' as a marxist my views on capitalism can be pretty predictable . but hear me out because it is very misunderstood . what most think people think of when they hear marxism or socialism or communism ... greetings fellow reds ! 1 . communist ( political and economic ) 2 . agnostic atheist ( religious stance ) 3 . existentialist ( philosophical stance ) 4 . kantian and socratic ( ethics ) 5 . i advocate free ... i see the world now and i am know that it is so different to say 2000 years ago . we have skyscrapers , can fly across the world in hours , the internet , space travel , and so much technology . at first ... i chose agnostic before i took the test but i got buddhism which i saw as close enough but i choose agnostic regardless because it is really the only one i can fully agree with as of now at this ... well i have communist ideals so my view would be biased against capitalism . but to explain why is because capitalisms , to put it simply , main focus is money and the accumulation of wealth . it ... i would consider myself as having communist ideals so left . i do not like capitalism to put it shortly . i would wish for a communist society in which all the basic needs for life are available for all and the motivation for work is for the benefit of your ... i do not see why . dragonball gt was a great anime . so were the others . i do not know why certain people have this disdain towards gt . what was so bad about it anyway ? i got believer . thank you for completing the questionnaire you'll be pleased to learn that you match the profile of a : believer as a believer you believe the ... the entirety of the dragonball series . nothing can beat it . it is the anime of my childhood and nothing could replace it and the special place it holds in my heart . after that i would probably ... well the industrial one is my choice and second would have been the rich and poor division . i think they go hand in hand . in school i talked about how we could stop all of the hunger issues in the ... cosmia i remember when i was at school people there , even my best friend , said how pure i was . which is nice but i felt it was just a lie that they believed in . i do not know if my friends still ... people are always surprised to find out that i am not made out of stone . i seem cold and boring to people and when they know me personally they are surprised that i am rather soft and words can hurt ... 1 . ) family ( close friends i consider family ) 2 . ) trust 3 . ) my two dogs ( had to give them away ) 4 . ) traps ( hence the name ) , especially ruka urushibara . 5 . ) internet ( very important ) 6 . ) a moving story ... i would not say i am sick of society . i know a enough good people . and if i feel there are not enough good people then all the more reason to improve myself and show others good people exist . ... to me it means , very much like everyone else , is to not apologize for what you have done . but to be a genuine person , the real deal . the actions you take if with pure intentions to never apologize ... yes and too frequently . probably will ferrell but if voice actors are included definitely sean schemmel because he is the voice of goku . poe because not only can i read his writing but i like the darker side poe writes about . i am also a bit biased towards poe because of his influence to h . p . lovecraft who i believe is better than poe . my top ten are as followed : 1 . ) lostprophets 2 . ) dirty old men 3 . ) michael jackson 4 . ) funkist 5 . ) uverworld 6 . ) aqua timez 7 . ) the beatles 8 . ) pillar genuine - truly what something is said to be ; authentic , ( of a person , emotion , or action ) sincere . it means a lot to me . daydreaming - a series of pleasant thoughts that distract one's ... i am sixteen so far and i have not smoked , drunk , ( the smell of both drive me off and of course because it is unhealthy ) or really ever go to social events . i plan to keep it that way . though i do ... idiosyncratic code : idi disorder : schizotypal enneagram : 5w4 , 4w5 ( i scored this when i took test though the second was 2w1 ) variant : sexual ( not sure what is means ) myers-briggs : intj , intp ( on ... same here i hope you enjoy the website like i do . i would never work in business because i do not see the value in money and especially any job where you just sit in a desk all day and just work for money , like anuttermesh said ( though that was about ... i scored your scores 8 words of affirmation 9 quality time priest because i would like to help people find god in their lives ( even though currently i consider myself an agnostic atheist ) and if i do end up believing in god later in my life i would like to ... i believe knowledge is better than success . while school is meant to give us knowledge to have us achieve success in the future of the career we choose , i do not like that way of thinking because ... ditto over here . it very difficult for me to focus on one thing and sustain that focus . to me a life without daydreaming is a less wonderful and i would be a much , colder person than i would without ... i too am an agnostic atheist . this may change in the future because i still need to experience the world a little more . i agree with what rim ( the guy who posted above ) said . also i like the quote ... well many types of people irritate me ( people who are narcissistic , way too selfish , hypocritical , and close-minded ) but what annoys me most of all are people who are deliberately stupid and think ... v for vendetta is my favorite too . i could watch it all day and i would hope you believe me when i say this . v is just such a cool , awesome , and smart guy . i also find what v says incredibly ... you are a type 5 with a 4 wing : the iconoclast your trifix is 5w4 , 2w1 , 9w1 . this is just to help confirm what type of level 5 i am . and yes to your question , yes , yes , and more yes . it happens ... yes i can . when i see a person who texting words like lol , jfk , brb or who say like or the phrase i am going to die i get really irritated , essentially a person who is over-exaggerating and or ... from top to bottom are : 1 . ) guts from berserk 2 . ) v from v for vendetta 3 . ) goku from dragonball series 4 . ) naruto from naruto 5 . ) the vault dweller from fallout series 6 . ) edward elric ... when i do dream and i feel it is a dream i try and think to myself how can i prove it . i realize it is a dream when something just feels out of the ordinary and facts i know are true are ... mind would be as followed : 1 . ) theoretical physicist / i would love to understand the laws that govern the universe . 2 . ) author / i have ideas in my head and i would wish to share them with the ... '