' what the fuck is a television ? you can actually find the articles for all the 8 instincts on the 8 forum . i contemplated suicide after reading what the cookie game is ... because i kid you not me and my cousin did this when were 15 and i didn't know there was a name for it . we just called it thursday . i like how you said raping someone in the basement like it was an ordinary thing . obviously you should do your laundry first then rape someone in the basement . your clothes will be more fresh that ... erm ... i surprised no has mention sex yet . with or without a partner is fair game as well . omg that is so deliciously evil ... claw marks ? what did you make tunafish cake ? and i'm assuming you had to pound the tuna as well ... i would think that you are so / sp if you feel like your sx needs development . i see the secondary instinct as a supporting instinct for the first instinct so you wouldn't feel like your second ... huzzah ! ! ! literally all this is my reasoning . i'll be honest . i'm not sure if luffy is a sx dom or so dom . if sx dom i could see 7 without a doubt if so dom i could see 8 . the competition / hate dynamic fits his personality more than other type . unless is a so dom in which case he would most likely be a 3 . @ swordsman of mana can we throw vegeta in there for sx 4 as well as goku for sx 7 , luffy for so 7 , and naruto for so 2 ? i love all of the above and i love you ! ! you wanna fuck ... er i mean have tea together ? oy ! ! everyone should read this ! ! ! maladaptive daydreaming : mental illness or an extension of the creative mind ? - earth psyche : happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: laughing : been doing it for years man . sometimes i share it with other people , knew a guy who did it with his girlfriend . she was never the same . saw an old couple do it in a car ... just freaky , yeah i think ... i think you should 1 . meditate 2.meditate 3.meditate . 4 . eat broccoli and chicken soup 5.meditate i actually think so last is the loneliest . sx is just energy and where you get it from . so is connections with others and how they reflect off you . as a graduate student with a master degree in psychology from fyi , i can confirm the truth of this statement . it's not that we are better than you , its just that our swagger is of a higher rating ... beware . sx is the new ebola . sometimes i wonder this myself , but ultimately i just learned to accept it . i'm not overly concerned with materials or financial welfare like most sp doms , and i'm not a big fan of networking with ... tch .. he's a 7 without a doubt . i say 7w6 , 3w2 , 9w8 sx / so for tritype . different culture , different norms , different mindset . are you making a joke ? cuz timeless is an entp and an 8 and a mod ... lol . that's what i wanted to hear ! ! ! on a side note is nobody else laughing their ass off that there is a vacuum cleaner distributor called kirby ! ? nah ... that's sexist . i'm pretty sure women think about a lot more than that . i think the quest for true love is riddled with pain . you'll be walking on thorns for a long time before you get to enjoy the roses . personally i think its easier to be in a relationship with someone ... i don't think reddit really has a defined culture . sure it has a majority culture or a culture that of which you perceive to be the majority but that isn't the entirety of reddit . there's alot of ... like plotting to destroy your mind with their intelligence . women are really good at that . wow . women really do know women better than men do . yeah . give it one last go before you move on forever ... omigod iloveyou please marry me ! im going to pm you for months <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 can i have your ebook for free ? i'll do a review on it . yes , and accountability gets your respect . also i too love killing people ... or put your ne to work and figure out what clever thing to say to break the ice . always works for me . women love fun yeah ! kill people ! burn shit ! fuck school ! i just thought of something . a nice guy walks into a bar notices there is only bar stool left . another man walk into the bar and starts to walk out since are no more bar stools . the first man offers ... erm ... why don't you just like ask her out , instead of using mbti to wipe the sweat from your sweaty palms ? i think you're over thinking the circumstances way too much ! and before you say i'm intp ... nah they all drive bimmers yo ! why are people interested in personality so awesome ? because you're interested in personality and people who happen to be interested in the same things you're interested in are godlike in your mind . are you ? are you a super nice person ? first things first if you're really nice to everyone , that's pretty pathetic and annoying . you can't be nice to everyone and expect people to respect you ... this one :P i would love to make a game and actually have it listed as one of my personal projects for life . i have some coding experience and a shit ton of ideas . i actually was thinking about an action rpg ... why ? i want to here more users thoughts because i've also been thinking about taking this course of action . what is wiki-walking ? like a library ? i know just wandered in the thread and my bigotry sense went off . i feel like i understand sj's , but i think it needs to be said that a person isn't lacking in intelligence just because they're an sj . sj's are smart and honestly they are pretty complex when your ... that sounds like a load of bullshit . i mean all i had to do was look at your profile and i figured out everything i needed to know . you have a picture of yourself as your avatar and as your profile ... '