' i got crystal ... ? : mellow : what is your myers briggs type ? intp which are the myers briggs types you are most attracted to ? infj , enfj , entj which are the myers briggs types you are least attracted to ? estj , esfj , estp install a hidden camera facing the till . that's not illegal is it ? welcome . when buying face wash , choose one with lavender . preferably lavender and aloe-vera . aloe-vera gel is also really good for your hair as a conditioner . applying lime juice diluted in double the ... i'm not an infj , but i often have nostalgic smells , if that makes sense : mellow : . free personality test by ipersonic . <--- probably the easiest way to determine your type . enneagram type 9 . intp = deluded . probably esfp's . loud and talkative ; speaking from experience . * rolls eyes * i'm too tired for this : bored : . what's that saying again ... you'll never know until you try . but there's also another saying that goes what you don't know won't kill you , or in this case break your heart . so : confused : . riy your ... then you probably might be an enneagram 5w4 . it took me quite a while to figure out that the reason why i was unsure if i was an f or a t was because my wing 4 was really strong . hope this helps ... i have a logical explanation for that . i'm 58 % t , so that's less than 10 % more of an intp than infp , though i could easily pass for one . or i could just be a spy ... which applies to you more . for s's when making decisions , i let myself be guided by my five senses . i do not like to leave things to chance . my motto is : the proof of the pudding is in the ... which one applies to you more . for p's i like to take things as they come . i have no problem doing several things at the same time . i find it difficult being on time , i am often late . i ... gary , from spongebob squarepants . the simplest , easiest most straightforward thing to do would be to visit ipersonic , takes less than 7 minutes . link below - free personality test by ipersonic . they represent how i feel ( i have a whole album full ) . yay ! : laughing : i said visually ... there's a clear difference . but i said be a bit creative because obviously i knew this would come up , so the albert einstein or that old guy from harry potter cliché was kind of disappointing . do isfp's have a tendency to turn to drugs or alcohol when in the lowest of lows ? do you guys tend to swear a lot ? i'm just curious ... ok , if you weren't an intp i'd be tempted to say you're probably a really close minded person with 0 imagination : sad : . but since you are an intp , i'm just sad ... : crazy : . i guess i'm a cross between the managers and participants ; probably more of a participant . i like simulation games the best , my favourite ones will have to be harvest moon and animal crossing ds . i researched this after seeing it on the infp forum and it's never been asked before ( if it has , oh well ) . try and be a bit creative . i love shih tzu's , i might own one when i have to live alone in uni , might probably get a cat instead ; less stress . the japanese chin looks kinda rat-ish , a hairy chihuahua . ... your wish is my command . and of course it has to be meant ridiculously sincerely ! personally i would like a dsi and a notebook with a 64 - bit processor to guarantee compatibility with the 64 - bit version of windows 7 , which will be the preferred version of the os with an intel core ... dude ... i enjoyed writing alot when i was younger but i eventually deteriorated in it . it just became ' cheesy ' , so i turned to art as a way to express myself . overall , i don't think i'm very good with words ... i don't see the point in this . since people can't choose the way they are , there will be always something they won't like about themselves , it's plain human nature to not be fully satisfied . intj's are probably the coldest , speaking from tons of experience . the ones i've met are like a bundle of unconsecrated evil : crazy : . yes , i get that a lot too . thanks everyone , for all your lovely , insightful contributions . it really means a lot ! :p roud : . so how did you learn to make decisions and stick to it , what your strategies ? yes this does really shed some light , thanks . i've never really considered geography , but it isn't something i see myself doing . i'm more interested in the idea of creating , making use of my ... i'm hoping to get some inspiration from fellow intp's on the issue of career . i've always been unsure of what i intend to do to earn a living and it's very worrying , not just for me but also for the ... ooouuu : laughing : . greetings newbie : happy : . exactly , i've also been having that itch for the past few months . i want to do something but i don't know where to begin , how to go about it or if i'm ready and it's leading me to ... no don't listen to them ! it doesn't matter if he's an intp , people have feelings and telling him blatantly is going to make him feel stupid and embarrassed . the best way to do it would be to subtly ... i6 . just approx . 9 more months till my driver's liscense ! :p roud : . i wasn't seeking to start a debate . the point i was initially trying to pass across was that wisdom ( not knowledge ! ) has nothing to do with any particular mbti type . this is an intp forum , and you're ... double thumbs up : happy : . there is no first or second definition of wisdom . what i was trying to make you understand is your supposedly first definition of wisdom is infact knowledge , so you were , in my understanding , ... i believe you mean knowledge then . knowledge and wisdom are two very seperate things with different meanings . i knew exactly what i was saying when i stated my opinion on wisdom but you seem to be ... yes , my mom . don't get it twisted , wisdom has nothing to do with intelligence . wisdom depends on the person and has nothing to do with type : unsure : . : laughing : '