' yep anime . 1w9 - 5w6 - 4w3 : s it pushes newer thread down , if mass resurrect then > _ > . i would only allow 3 of them being active at once . posting date of the last reply + 6 months or dropped deeper than page 10 . but some ... procrastination procrastination procrastination > _ > 1 . answer the poll . ( round to the nearest inch . ) 173cm . i don't bother converting it to inches because i live in metric world . : crazy : 2 . would you rather be taller ? shorter ? or are you content ? ... hardly remember most of things happened while i was a child . somehow i can tell you i started becoming an introvert since the second year in kindergarten , and deeper in elementary . also i read ... i can hardly remember all the shortcuts . i may love this job . : laughing : my ideal job ... steady and well pay , not too long work time ... but there's no job like this , you know . i am working on being a edm producer , but at the moment i can ... same here . i can't imagine how to type not using this method . : s finally got rid of those presentations . well this reply shouldn't be in this thread :P 1 ravoili or lasagna ? lasagna 2 camping out or slumber party ? slumber party 3 hamburgers or hot dogs ? hot dogs 4 music or movies ? music 6 comedy or horror ? comedy 7 summer or winter ? sorry , i ... zeth 006 rhee god speed : o 1 . can you type without looking at the keyboard ? always . 2 . do you use all 10 fingers while typing ? i've seen some people typing with their index fingers . o_o yes but mostly the left / right thumb ... i'm feeling tired of school again . hate that i gotta do 2 presentations within 2 days . damn it . almost the same with me ! i started with quake 3 and counter-strike when i'm ~ 8 years old , then touched cod 2 , then cs : s , tf2 . last year i got my hand on cod : mw2 and bfbc 2 . i played mass effect 1 ... many fps game . sucks at rpgs / rtss because i hate calculating that * many * things . i may try . the recent test results and those annoying works make me impatient . have you thought about it ? what ? i'm always one , how do i have a relationship with myself ? okay , just kidding . but i think i'm just a stranger to myself . i don't even know what i want . do you ... i hate school . all the school works are damn annoying and worth being hate . i don't want to go to school anymore > _ > / reply sorry to interrupt ... but ... i hate it when i can't make the rhythm in my mind into my computer . it has been bothering me for a long time :/ same . i haven't found anything useful to me from bing yet . didn't even touch ask.com :P i think i'm a combination of pessimist and realist . when the airplane you're on board has something wrong ... oops , my pessimist nature . another cantonese ? great ! to j-pop topic , most of japanese songs with vocal i have are from anime . :P indeed . you may want a shot in your head if you encounter classical chinese . my 1st is cantonese . ( yay , i know the most difficult langauge ! : crazy : ) i want to learn japanese as well but i don't ... right after i got my exam paper back , i got a feeling that i don't want to stay at school anymore . * sigh * all of above is not me . : tongue : this . and first 2 points mr . v said . hmm , i found myself hard to forget how to get through a game once i beat it . according to what op posted , i'm definitely a 6 . btw i don't think the name of 1 , reformer , fits istjs . : crazy : lol , didn't notice that typo when and after i edited that post . : frustrating : and i supposed it's catch ? i think i have always been a 6w5 . since kindergarten . hell , i don't know which tense i should use here . i'm some kind of frugal person . i usually save money for a while and spend almost all of them on something i want at once . well , since i'm just a student and got only ~ 45 $ usd ( that's a hell lot in my ... since we istjs have a tendency to follow and maintain rules , we get annoyed when we see people break rules / laws / whatever . i think what you do / think is normal . :P high school is fucking me up , mostly i get less than b and more than c . probably worse when i get in uni . your cognitive functions : introverted sensation ( si ) | | 10.93 introverted thinking ( ti ) | 8.92 extroverted thinking ( te ) 8.47 ... nope i think , even i had one i hardly remembered it . unless i wake up scared because of the dream . : crazy : this sums up for me . i won't remember lyrics unless they're so deep and meaningful . my favourite genre is epic trance and it's subgenres . 4 > 3 > 5 > 2 > 1 never had a massage too . but i don't think it's awkward to get one . have to add this : tongue : lol didn't notice it , i just put stuffs there and forget . : laughing : i think we need a smiles panel for quick reply . ideology is much more annoying . you missed my second line . xd okay , i'm too lazy to leave my computer as well . racomaizer isn't defined yet . : crazy : same to my real name . ( hmm , i'm an asian . ) + 1 too few words ? i found it's hard to give a reply when my mom asks what i want to eat for breakfast / lunch / dinner . :D i don't have things to eat later than 9pm , have to bear it even i feel hungry . i don't want get scold because i eat instant noodles at night > . > 1 . 2.1042 2 . 2.4048 * cough * i don't know . / post okay , if i have one , probably once or twice a month > . > i do agree that nuclear that nuclear energy is the best power source atm too . windfarms and solar power sites are just waste unless they are more effective . i think it's pretty much . i have been using this nick since i joined cybernations 2 years ago . what ? you don't like cats ? people are not only afraid of death ; they afraid of getting radiation sickness as well . it's the thing that kills more people . sorry to say me too ... click edit post , then click go advanced . woot i think that old ppl loves us since we love traditions and follow rules ! '