' well everyone knows your password now : frustrating : prepare to get hacked ! my joke password is usually boners 69 as far as the first bolded section , i identify with b3lial and the idea of ... despite knowing almost this entire season ( and thinking about it since the end of the prior season ) , last week i finally announced that i would be handing off the captaincy permanently and taking an ... her words ' said * no * butt her eyes , , , supposably some breeds are horned . irregardless of gender their probably not endangered because all of them are horny ! what about strengthening ewe 717994 the only words your donkey needs to learn are please , stop , and lmao is that what passes in your species ? i always think of fi like a toddler that wants to help me . example : i'm redoing the living room - basically the idea is to spend money on cool stuff but don't if you don't have to i . e . use things ... this sounds like a stress dream i've had before . condolences * tips 40 * exactly . that is how i control ( if that's a thing ) my life's direction - by looking at everything in terms of the long term effect and guiding my future by current actions ... down to the minutae ... i do this if i'm not sure how i want to respond ( and sometimes it's because i need to examine what i think / feel about the situation on a larger scale i . e . what it could mean down the road if i ... i think the sentiment for me is not so much running away i . e . fear / avoidance vs i'm over this , i'm bored / annoyed , moving on ! if i didn't have a kid , i would have done it at least once ... and ... btw : i just noticed you were isfp not isfj and therefore do not have si . that's what i get for thinking i can read without glasses : frustrating : sorry ' bout dat just a note : my enfp friend was dumped and i recall things being very symbolic to him . when he was giving her her things back , he would give very specific things back to her together - almost like a ... not sure - the teacher ( who is kind of a weirdo ) wouldn't really give me any details - when i started asking things , he just repeated , well we can't even consider it until next year . so i am not ... lmao probably more often than can be considered healthy . i call it my ejection seat fantasy if people are going to predict the end of the world , could they give me more than a week's notice ? ! draining my 401k requires a lot of paperwork . you're definitely not thinking about your future if you're eating chili dogs this is why people gravitate toward the temporary / superficial / trivial / immediate . ignore the long view . so go binge watch some kardashians , i guess . 1 . my 15yo inxp kid goes to independent study instead of conventional school ( which just wasn't a good fit . ) met with the teacher yesterday and he mentioned that we next year we have the option to ... my computer can be like a labyrinth : example : documents > recipes > [ categories by type i . e . dessert , slow cooker , etc ] > [ subcategory i . e . chicken , comfort food , soup ] > [ actual recipes with possible ... orlando re : fe / fi - i think that is possibly the most difficult function to imagine the other side of . i am often having to baby step my fe relative / friends through my perspective / thought-process ... i think for me i just don't register the idea that someone wants to talk to me and get to know me so in public that consideration is never factored in or on my mind . it's more like oh they're being ... i don't disagree though i think the only people who have ever been confused by it were people who did not want to accept it . people who were accustomed to treating people like tools or toys and are , ... yet another kiss you're not getting in my bedroom , my tv is also my computer monitor . i don't watch much tv so it generally works out . last night , while i was on my computer , i decided i wanted to watch the thursday night football ... they should make a game called intj go and people could walk around and meet simulated intjs . i think it'd be a hit . for the record , i love my enfp friend but it took us months and months before i would call us friends , let alone if it were a relationship that were to become anything more ( which it is not ) . we ... when i do it , you wouldn't know as far as how they look on the surface - though , if i were door slamming you and you asked , i would tell you . decision is made . generally things would've been fairly ... pretty much these . and honestly if you found one of us , this is how i treat approaches by , especially eager or boisterous , strangers 715769 it's best to meet one organically e . g . at work or ... lmao there is a difference between can and will . intjs don't wanna be in charge of jack shit . we just end up in those positions because we tend take on too much responsibility . the idea of ... that is something i enjoy doing for the people i care about . if i can help someone see their ( usually apparent ) value , it is extremely satisfying . i am glad you've found someone like that . i think ... yeah , i have to take a bonus day so i have a day when i get home to either catch up on sleep / quiet ( if i get dragged all over the damn place by my travel companion ) or simply readjust to the rhythm ... oh ok , i had misinterpreted chat to mean she stopped talking to you in the middle of messaging on the computer . not responding in the middle of text convo is super normal . that is the function of ... do not read in a judgmental tone - purely curious : why would he have to introduce it vs you ? that's a type of surprise i actually like - unexpected intellectual stimulation . do you ever ask him what's on his mind or what are you up to ? usually if you ask me that , you'll know if i want to talk about work e . g . if i say i need to get away from this project for a bit ... out of curiosity , how do you react when she leaves you hanging ? i would say going silent in the middle of a convo ( outside of texting maybe ) is not something i personally would do and that would ... sometimes there is a difference between things going well and things being fulfilling . there are times when my life is going well / problem-free but that's not really an accurate litmus test as far as ... no questions , just wanted to say hi . y'all are frequently in my neck of the woods so i thought i'd travel over here and visit . i figure you guys get more than enough questions anyways ! i will say , ... sensible hoarding ! i got another water bottle ( gwp ) and a sweater . i buy a lot of sweaters but don't keep them so i don't think that counts . also realized that i do hoard skincare products ... i relate to this and this tends to be me . i have the drive to lock it down pretty much as soon as i conclude that the match up has a favorable probability of working out . i'm ready to get this going ... i think it's certain types of ps . when i was with istp , he might put it off but suddenly one day , without warning , nothing could possibly be worse than having to see these boxes for another day and ... formula for a count max von likenhoffer insult : ( banality + thesaurus.com ) boring ^ infinity who the fuck cares not sure if you just write like a middle schooler or you actually are one ... sometimes when i read about international diplomatic relations , i want to play civ . i would exclude myself in that prompt because it would seem obvious that i know my own opinion and , as santa gloss said , it is not explicitly requested . it would not feel objective to me to ... ftfy a tip you picked up from the suitors who were too cheap to cover your face with a paper bag ? and yet you persist . yerp 713946 7139 54 713962 spookysprite i know the answer but i'm trying not to be all rest your old bones . timothy hutton . gimme a sec , working on one '