' 1 . mature emotionally 2 . open-minded 3 . optimistic and if she were a musician on top of that it would be epic . you know you are an infp when , in a conversation , everyone thinks that you're not paying attention to what they're saying while you are actually focusing on finding out the meaning of life , love , ... i don't sing ... but i hum , whistle , tap ... usually annoying everyone around me xd let's see ... i would create a ring / bracelet that allows me to stop time for some time ... or something that allows me to become invisible hmmm ... well most of the people i get along fairly well are other nfs ... my music academy is a nf fest o . o i never thought i'd see so many of them in one place considering how uncommon we are , i also ... sounds pretty fancy , gotta love violins . oh ! yep i have a intj friend , intp good friend and a intp little brother im usually compatible with nts and most of my teachers have been nfs and they get along really well with intps . it could be ... here goes dad : crazy estp mom : isfj little brother : intp maternal grandmother : esfj maternal uncle : something along the lines of intp / istj cousin : i_fp me : infp dad's an estp , mom's an isfj well as far as i know children don't inherit their parent's personality ... that's a fact , but they can base it on them . i've seen in this forum that a lot of infp's ... you're an infp when you're at school and 40 % of your brain is daydreamins / making mental soaps , 10 % is remembering a emotional song you heard yesterday 20 % is thinking about your friend ( s ) ' s needs , 20 % ... i dont know if im a synesthete or not but ill try to explain myself when it comes to music ... im extremely picky and usually the songs i like give me a particular feeling ... and i uncounsiously ... mmm dont think youre misstyped , pondering and instrospecting are introverted stuff :P o_o interesting i found a list of symtomps too 1 ) a repetitive movement while daydreaming ( pacing , ... xd i can relate to everything you said here im 15 .. i know im not old but i do daydream a lot ... just give me 5 seconds with nothing to do and im gone . i usually narrate everything that happens ... i actually thank the fact that people dont tend to ask me that ... maybe cuz they know how ill answer improvisation ftw me : ok so ive gotta study for 2 exams tomorrow , 3 oral tests on ... im an infp when im not under stress im a very criticizy and pessimistic intj when im not emotionally healthy ... and become a cynical philosopher im an intp in my math class mbti say that infp ... ohhh and it does an amazing work too ! xd youre an introvert when people think youre a perv cuz you were staring at a random passerby girl ... when you were actually thinking about how to avoid a ... hmmm i only know a infp girl but she seems to be more of a sensor at times , well i dont tend to stereotype but after reading so many descriptions of infps the stereotypes would be something along the ... xd if you ask me most of the enfjs ive met are mostly teachers so i tend see them as such , but they also make good counselors and guides ... and they usually like sheltering people . they usually make ... * reads comments * xd i bet enfps and infjs feel like sexy beasts now and that's what we call p pride : cool : youre a perceiver when you listen to music , chat , watch tv , are on facebook while writting a biology report youre a perceiver when planning gives you a ) the creeps b ) physical pain c ) mental pain d ) ... this is sooo me ... i remember that i was listening to this song when my mom was scolding me i can remember every word when i listen to that song ... and its one of my favorites so yeah > _ > ; ; ... lol i can reate to what you said look at this granma ( mom side ): esfj ( now i see where my mom go her sfj side but she's ... way less flexible ) grandad ( mom side ): never got to know him well and he ... i think it'll be infj , another infp wouldn't be very interesting i suppose and most of the girls that i had a crush on were infjs so ... yeah and i read the type i found it to be nice :D ... infj ... intps and entps could make a good researchers / engineers o . o theyre always how things work and such well when it comes to teamwork in highschool ( projects and such ) my groups's usually like this ... well its for me to update : o thing's gotten better with my dad . i finally got a chance to open up myself to him , told everything i needed to tell him , and i was very relieved ... that was one load ... its very well written and motivational .. though it was scary ... everything you put there i thought about beforei read this and helped me to deal with teenage angst and now im at peace ^ ^ ... for now ... roflmao wait a sec i need to breathe and stop laughing xd i have a very close enfp friend , we usually both like similar things and do similar things and react ... in similar ways . but well she is ... well i think .. it could be possible ( anything's possible when it comes to people after all ) ... but i think i would not be a very good match to a estj girl , first off most of the estxs i know ... hmm yeah i think they'd make excellent cops , no to mention they are quick to act and well aware of what's happening around them and they usualy stick to a plan / strategy well . and .. they are usualy ... looks like most infps are either the eldest or the youngest sibling i am the elder of 2 brothers im an infp and my lil ' bro is an intp youre not the only one made feel more ... comfortable with myself ... i used to feel completely different to anyone ... after all my grandma was a like guys shouldnt be very emotional ( bs ) ... meh im ... usually lazy to pick up the phone ... i usually go pick it up when it has ringed around 4-5 times ... but when it comes to msn i'll answer immediately .. but if its a person that i dont want ... if i put them in order it would be ... 1 ) sensitive dreamer : if daydreaming was a sport my room would be full of trophies and medals , i daydream whenever i dont need to pay attention to ... i ... saw these but i dont remember who said em your friend is the person who knows all about you , and still like you . * nods * too true wisdom begins in wonder . * nods * artificial ... 15 years old dear enfp friend ( female ) yeah its me ... your psychologist ... although you can be a little too negative at times ... you need to leave the past behind and think about your future and things that ... * nods * and , due to our strong emotionality , we get hurt easily ... imagine that you acidentaly hurt all the people's feelings ... you would make the world ... go emo o . o ... when you get lost in a 4 room house :P 18586 i said yes ! well thanks to it ive ... accepted myself ... ive always been struggling with my emotiveness and my shyness .. thinking that those characteristics doesnt suit guy thanks to having my grandma and father ... i am not a turtle ... but hiding in a shell could be helpful at times ... you soudn like an infp / isfp most likely infp .. your derscription and mine are very similar strenghts : honest , authentic , mercyful , principled , emotional ( strenght and weakness ) , fast thinker , equalitarian , strategist , artsy , creative , patient , curious , intelligent , clarivident , intuitive ... right now i'm listening to the printer running out of ink but the songs i listen to most of the time are love this one for the fast tempo , epicness ... ummm ... no i cant dance ... i once tried dancing when i was younger and ... everyone laughed at me ... that destroyed my self-confidence ... of course i like watching other people dancing but ... it never is too late to learn a new language my first language is spanish ... english is my second one and i know little bits of portuguese ( got family in portugal ) and latin ( curiosity ) ummm .. so the extroverted verson of my type is insane ? lol that does sound a bit better than mine ... mine is a bit of an emo ^ ^ ; ; ok here goes extroversion 24 % orderliness ... 100 % agreed one must not rush things or you wont be able to enjoy experiences fully .. everything is enjoyed at their proper time . and relationships also need time ... specially me , i took ... '