' hi , i'm an infp , please hire me for this hands-on , high-end fashion retail position ! - me , never . i want to be wanted so much that i'm needed .. i don't think they are exclusive , unless you compare being wanted so much that you are needed to being needed so much you are wanted . to be needed so ... i never had a gtrue imaginary friend lik a lot of people have described .. i still do imagine often about people , imaginary or people who i already know , being with me while i'm alone , and what ... i feel like when i try to be , i can be poetic , but when it comes down to debating or having to say something on the spot , i get so incredibly tongue tied . most of my friends have gotten used to my ... ideally i'd love to do it at home and do it all at my own pace . i struggle to listen for an entire lecture , and it feels like information is being thrown at you so fast that you don't have time to ... i can't say there's much music i hate .. dislike maybe , but i can't hate something if i know different people enjoy that genre or whatever . that being said , i think there is some pretty fucking ... i used to believe i was going to make these phenomenal scientific discoveries , as a kid . like the time i mixed different shampoos and bathroom products together , and labelled it as the cure to ... curling up in bed , in the blankets and reading . tea , always tea , or chocolate ! long baths with a good book or sometimes i just lay on the floor and talk to my puppy . it's so relaxing to just talk ... ohh yeah , oh true ? mm .. yeah . oh wow , haha . yeah . ok ? ohhh . yeah .. oh she did ? ohh ok . ohh .. but if green is a soft colo - oh god that wasn't supposed to be out loud , sorry , yeah i was listening ... wow ! i thought i was the only one haha , except it's not a dating site , it's a lesbian travel site . i'm going for my p's test next month , so hopefully i'll be able to drive unsupervised soon ! but even supervised , i get far too absent minded , and tend to lose myself while driving .. i only ever ... hahah oops ! maybe bethany byrd was an infp too ? i guess i lucked out then ): but if by ' ya know whats ' you're referring to vaginas , i don't ... 1 . what mbti type are you ? infp 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? 5 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? 5 4 . how many musical instruments ... eyenexepee i agree with the others , you're definitely an enigma . you're cheeky , and enjoy being a bit confusing to people . but since you've already been described , vox you're very friendly and warm ... this is so true . god help all the poor souls the day i get my drivers licence . in my dreams i think i become an unhealthy infp . i'm very weak , and often timid or scared . i always feel naive or vulnerable in my dreams , and usually regret things . i'm not at all the opposite , more ... 4 . is screwing me over for life . i jokingly signed up to my brother's fake food-based religion on a site that published a members list . i knew 12 year old me would come back to haunt me some day ... this almost completely describes my thoughts last year . i was in the same position , but ended up choosing a science degree . i'm happy in it , but because of my university it's much more focused on ... every movie with ryan gosling in it . ever . but also perfume : the story of a murderer mostly , i like to be alone . in group / public situations sometimes it just feels inhibiting , whereas alone , i feel so much more like me . that being said i actually like big parties and some social ... same , except i'm not really planning conversations more just fantasizing about potential ones . except usually i get caught up in doing it and end up pulling the faces that i'm imagining a certain ... nicky minaj . there . i'm ashamed to admit it , but i love nicky minaj . word . chasingdreams , nope , but i like the name ! poor azerbaijani people are always forgotten about . but .. bu-but what about azerbaijan ? although i don't personally know any gay infps , myself and the two female infps i'm friends with are sexually fluid / bi ish ? . not quite buffalesbians but hey . personal ~ * name - olivia . or livvy , libby , olive . but mostly just olivia : 3 * male / female / trans - female location - born in north qld , australia and still there . i'd love to go to ... i have pretty small eyes which seems to contradict the infp look though .. have you ever been attracted to someone very unattractive ? a few people i've liked might've been considered unattractive in hindsight , but i don't think i ever noticed it that much when i liked ... it's definitely preferable ! but coming out of that fantasy and back to reality is the hardest bit i think , worse than the reality itself . theodore they're good ! i can see the similarities too , i'm looking up some more of their songs now , haha (: ok , well what i've noticed about me personally is that i'm terrible , absolutely terrible at accepting things i don't wish to be true . sometimes i just ' bullshit ' to cover up things that i don't ... the jezabels , dark storm . ahhh they're so brilliant ! lying , i'm pretty good at . bullshitting ? it's my talent , seriously . i think i'm only good at it because while i'm bullshitting i convince myself first that what i'm saying is true . i have a strong gut-instinct that i won't make it to the end of the year . prolour and cice . if an astronaught has to wear his space suit all the time , how does he pee ? caramel . we're like mars bars , you think ' yummo , chocolate ' and then , bam ! better than you expected when you hit that gooey caramelly stuff in the middle . you like power because it increases your sexual options i can think of no question where i gave that impression , but hey , i'm not complaining . when you're on busses or in a public places playing out a scenario in your head , and you end up acting out or pulling the faces or even saying a line aloud , before you remember you're in public and ... when you still don't remember the date of your close friend's birthday , but you remember the way you felt and the ideas running through your head on the last time you asked them . the seas - samantha hunt . i love it , because throughout the entire novel you don't know what's real from a metaphor , nor can you tell where the character's imagination ends and reality picks up , ... i've always tested infp and i definitely relate to the description . but recently i've been starting to question whether i'm an xnfp or even enfp just regarding the way i act a lot of the time ... when you type a response , but then delete it before you post , because you think it won't really be that important . the person i like is either an estj or esfj . good luck , huh . hahaha . sex ed up until the age of 16 was pretty much all puberty based in our ( catholic ) school . grade 11s had a guest speaker who taught us about stis and he made it pretty clear his abstinence only ... infp , 7 , michaelangelo followed by raphael . i'm a fairly strong feeler too , so i don't really fit that theory s : i have an enfp best friend who is absolutely adorable . the main difference though is probably the way she is so much more confident than me . i have 2 other infp friends and we are all so alike , ... i think we're more prone to it . i read something once about infp's reacting to stress by fracturing their personality almost . we're more prone to dissociative identity disorder than any other ... i have no religion as such , but i still have my own faith system , which is pretty much just my beliefs and values . in my life they play a major part , but not a part i always express . i sometimes go ... i'm happy in advance for the weekend . i'll be seeing the first person i've liked in the last few years , who potentially likes me back ^ _ ^ plus , sombreros , nachos , tequila and ponchos for saturday ! ... '