' isfj and intp relationships are pretty steady , once they get going . it can take a while to develop , though , since both parties can be rather shy upon first meeting ... but a good , relaxing social ... i find it weird that we naturally have a silly side , despite the way we appear . i have been known most of my life as a dork and i love it =) i sincerely feel justified ... in loving on you ! being super-sensitive . it's an area i am growing in , but i still find myself overreacting or freaking out at any criticism , even if it's positive . good question ! most infj's i know irl are almost exactly the same personalities as isfj's . i keep confusing the two , honestly =) i really want to read all of it , but there's so much information ( and big words ! ;) ) i can only read little chunks at a time ! haha . thanks for posting ! i admit it : i purposefully lose so that the other person feels better . i could care less if i win or not . if i win , i'd feel bad for the other person . usually the people i play against are ... my mom is an isfj , and if i had one word to describe her it would be angel . throughout my childhood , she has always had a gentle , soothing voice , never showed her anger , was a good listener , and ... wow . that hit me hard . so true ! as a male isfj i can totally relate . my esfj ex-girlfriend really taught me this . it took her a long time of being loving back for me to open up to it . my whole life i ... why am i here ? well , secretly , the isfj's are planning to take over the istj forum ... i mean ! you didn't hear that ... personally i check out this forum to see if i typed my friend right ( i'm ... lost , the unfortunate downside to isfj's is that it takes us forever to warm up to things . the best thing for you to do is continue to show love and respect constantly day by day . eventually she will ... it would take a lot of persuasion and trust for me to let someone else nurture and take care of me . like others , it depends on who it is . if it's someone i barely know , i might resent it and fight ... so , do you still live close to home ? negative . i live one state away from it . i live far north in the above state and my hometown is far south in the other state . if not , do you miss being home ? ... i can safely say that at least 3/4 of the time i am doing something for others in some way , shape or form , even if i don't realize it . it's just how i am wired =) my very first thought : ouch ! ! usually what i do with people that are way different is just observe how they act and then act in a similar fashion to them ( i . e . if i see someone who loves jokes , i throw in one to make them laugh ) ... usually what i have to do is step away and try to find what inspires me personally . if i can tap into that , and hold that in my mind , i can do almost any work that's thrown at me . when i was 19 , this new employee swore i was 30 years old , had a wife and kids , and a house . o_0 ' i really liked superman for some reason . my intp brother loved batman and would often tease me that batman doesn't need super powers to be awesome ! they are just jealous , honey ! ;) well said leuma =) welcome to the forum ! for information - my friend is an esfj and i'm isfj so it's only one letter off =D 2710627107 2710827109 27110http :/ / personalitycafe.com/images/styles/animatedarena/misc/pencil.png my first time i took it i was a 2 , and i just retook it and im a 9 . after reading into them , 9 seems to be more of my past self ( childhood ) and 2 is my current behavior . type 9 totally rings back to ... i'm the most paranoid person i know when i shop , eat out alone , etc . i can't stop thinking about what others are thinking about me , that if i walk down the aisles of a grocery store that people are ... all the below are my opinions . are isfj less sexually permissive ? - like many said , i would only be sexually open if i am in a committed relationship ( for me , marriage ) . if its against my morals ... i have two intp's in my life : my brother and a friend of mine . with my brother , he's almost always sarcastic and catches me when i misword something . i usually have to think of what to say before i ... 1 . do you sleep with your sheets tucked in or out ? i like my bed perfectly made . if it is not , i can't sleep . it's my ocd =D 2 . how many pillows do you sleep with ? one or two 3 . do you ... my dad is an infj and my mom is an isfj . dear istj's , stop posting so much ! the isfj's can't keep up with you ! i keep glazing over and seeing some thread tagged [ istj ] on the overseer category . sincererely , isfj . <3 when you are too considerate of others feelings to let out your own ! isfj raised christian , was born again in late 2008 . i consider myself more of a christ follower than christian . religion has left an icky taste in a lot of people's mouth , but the goodness that jesus ... i would agree with changing i to an e . it would be really handy to be more social and know how to speak to people in public . i get writers block , but with speaking . for me , all my relationships have begun with friendships . isfj's can take time to warm up to people , and slow to respond to calls of relationships . for example , my last relationship with an esfj i ... i had a man crush on my intp friend ... does that count ? i use up all my social extrovertness out at work and with friends . when i come home , i shut down into introvertness and wind down haha . i usually hate being the leader , especially when quick decisions have to be made that affect people , so i will usually follow , even if its not something i want to do . i'm trying to work on that ... my first job was at a fast food place for two years , then i worked at target for 4 years . now i'm currently working at a local thrift store . i left target for lesser pay because the thrift store has ... i was always thought of as the smartest kid in class during high school . i'm actually pretty oblivious , but i listened and did my homework . my dad is an infj and 2 years ago when i first brought my girlfriend over ( esfj ) he looked at her for a few seconds , then walked upstairs to his room . after she left i went to talk to him . he just ... i'm a softie . in no way can i be a tough guy haha . sadly i feel like i am as athletic as smalls sometimes ! we isfj brothers love to get affirmation ! i grew up for years not really getting that affirmation , and what happened is that i became a prisoner in my own mind because i felt like i was the only one ... i'm not usually scared perse ... just really really nervous for a few months until i get the new routine down ! it's a rougher life than most for isfj's , since we naturally put ourselves down in the bottom rung lol . he should definitely come hang out in these forums and get to know some others like himself . it ... remember , isfj's can be deep thinkers too ... not of mathematical stuff or whatever , but usually about people and circumstances . our imaginations can run wild as we anticipate all scenarios , including ... i'm not too sure personally , but my infj dad is happily married to my isfj mom =) when i took this quiz in the first place , my intp friend said to do it in the mindset of when i was a kid . what surprised both of us is that for the i function in isfj i scored 89 % . here's what ... what strikes me the most is when someone asks me how i am really doing , and gives me the same attention and love as i would give out to other people . '