' you'll watch higurashi but not death note because it's too dark ? huh . that strikes me as odd but whatever works for you . anyway , it's safe to say you'd enjoy eureka seven , haibane renmei , and ... perhaps not all but some of the immature ones try very hard to do exactly that . not that they succeed particularly well , but as they try to quell any and all shows of emotion , believing them to be ... * checks posting rank * no , don't be silly . you're looking for someone else entirely . i've never identified with wizards . * cough * exactly this . plus learning to trust your own judgment . if you're constantly doubting and reassessing whether anything is the best it's a bit like trying to walk in every direction in the desert ... probably the same thing i was going to assert . it doesn't appear that your problem is a lack of suitable options . rather , it seems you haven't yet learned to make decisions that you can stick to ... it was either that or this delightful gif i've been looking for an excuse to post . it makes me strangely happy . go monkey , go ! sig worthy . haha , well , you can't please everyone all the time . i get rebuffed the same way by ests and mixed results at best with ists . i was raised by and around intjs though , so i'm pretty good at taking ... it is if it's willfully maintained beyond the natural spurts . still , it's a bit like a muscle and that added strain can help develop the baseline output unless you push it too far and hurt yourself ... contention was probably a poor word choice in this case . let's say i meant ' quandary ' instead . no beef was meant to be implied . to the bit i bolded though , i'd say that our female counterparts ... i'm trying to sort out what your question is here , other than is this making sense ? and i've decided that it has to do with sociability and boundary issues . that we come across as so ... worst . advice . ever . intps regularly take scorched earth over ultimatums . it's almost impossible not to . there's no way that would do any good unless he's looking for an excuse to end things ... you might be an s but i'd be surprised if you turned out to be an actual i . i'll grant that you're shy but that doesn't make you an introvert . you're still very much an enfp . trust me . : wink : shh . you're going to spoil my big reveal . before i metaphorically rubber stamp an mbti type on your forehead ; i have a few questions if you don't mind . how old are you ? what type do you think your husband is ? how long have you ... i doubt the system's acting up . a lot of people get their pets stuck in there and can't figure out how to get them out . it's always been that way . right now , by my count , there are 73 pets in ... i should pay more attention . > . > it's been doing that to me for . . . a very long time , but i could always get it to upload if i saved it to my computer . i used to regularly get myself into trouble when people would ask me to do things while i was focused on something else entirely . apparently , it somehow got to the point where i had attained the ... my kneejerk response would be that one's a j but that doesn't answer your question very well . the second thought that comes to mind would be to ask whether the intj 5s from way back really did stick ... even assuming your self-assessed typing is correct , that was posted in may so you're playing a little loosely with the word ' still ' unless you went by another user name way back whenever . do ... scientists poison people all the time by way of clinical trials , typos , and slipshod diagnostic practices . throw in a pair of wings and you'll be the local angel fairy of death in no time . no , that's the answer to life , the universe , and everything . not the meaning of life . this one goes to the estjs every time . you sound like a slightly more prescient version of me . i sometimes forget what it's like to frequent the type forums . to answer the question posed by the op though , it really boils down to who ... this is so much worse when they're asking the same question over and over in hopes of manifesting a magical new answer . this line of thinking almost kept me from replying altogether .  ... after witnessing the owl's feat , i quickly discovered it could be done with zero licks every time . i mean , uhh . . . * flees thread * do you have a beard ? are you a believer in the sentiment that beardliness is next to godliness ? are you familiar with the works of such beard enthusiasts as the beardly ? do you belong to or ... i sincerely hope you're joking and think you probably are . the crap i listed off folds neatly into what makes us potentially great given from the perspective of things that hold us back . namely , we ... it's the verbal equivalent of a shrug ; usually denoting indifference . i'd say . . . check out to aru majutsu no index , since it's full of action packed superpowered goodness . fans of durarara ! ! ! also often swear by baccano ! , as it was made by the same creators , so if ... there's good reason for that . if we never stopped to second guess ourselves and reappraise our thoughts , beliefs , and actions , we would be completely different people . it's a byproduct of a mind that ... protip : make sure to pack a roll of toilet paper last . somewhere on top and easy to find when you arrive because when you find yourself in need of some , you're not going to want to go looking . yep , that's exactly the reason ( present progressive verb tense aside ) . plus i was too lazy to make it into the thread i wanted and let it devolve instead into what it is so post your favorite poems , ... interesting take . most people shy away from the more negative ones . if i had to guess , i'd say you somewhere in the average levels , but i don't have to , so i won't . . . except i just did . : confused : ... this took me longer to find than i expected . hopefully it'll help . don't worry , i still like you better than most people . it first occurred to me when i saw this and then took note of his campaign to create and encourage more substantial and thought provoking threads around here . you know , as opposed to something about ... unleashthehounds would have liked it better . this isn't really the place , but if you send me a pm , i'll see what i can do to help you sort it out properly . you've mostly focused on the enneagram aspects rather than the mbti , which i think only answers half of your original question . the hard part though , based on my last 20 minutes or so of lurking ... lead by example , i say . how does being a 9 interact with intpness in your case ? enneagram is about your motives . what drives you to do the things you do . mbti has more to do with how you parse information and deal with the world around you . if you're not sure which you are , i'd ... never believe in never . never forfeit the right to think for yourself . never judge yourself by someone else's standards . never stop learning and growing . that's been my favorite gundam for quite a while even though the love story was pretty hit or miss for me . it ended on a high note so i was satisfied in that regard . i should probably watch more ... : shocked : i never expected this thread to get resurrected . awesome list too . it's a little early in the morning and it looks like you've seen ( or are about to watch ) pretty big chunk of the best ... i'll trade you . sorry to hear that . i figured that's how it would probably turn out but it was also apparent that you didn't need us to list the reasons the deck was stacked against you . hopefully you've got ... yeah , that movie came to mind for me too . it was at least decent until the end , and then bam ! they smack you around with shitty half baked cliches to draw out the inevitable ending a whopping five ... now you do . you didn't then . i should've taken a screenshot . you're at least half right . * cough * vip member * cough * alzheimer's mostly . it runs in the family . '