' depending on your previous friendship but don't try to manipulate the entj too much about the interior / routines / behaviour and habits . show mutual respect to each other and it should work out fine where to find me back in high school - science and math classes ( hard logics ) - one of the key players in best sports team - seems to know many people and has a weird girlfriend - has a strange ... i have notice many of you this with people and for me i always feel embarrassed / have to save the situation for you guys . you just keep on talking to them ... on and on . stop do this guys :P to be just brutally honest : i don't go along well with isfjs . ( wait there is some upside ... ) you are a nod better than the istj though . i guess the elucidated answer is how our functions work ... 88759 your gratefulness is appreciated . although , there has to be stated that this is how we roll on a regular basis . had a real depression once in my life . it felt horrible ... couldnt explain what was going on with me and my body . i searched and searched for answers and logical explanation . after some months i ... first , i dont make friends with the opposite sex since i realized it distracts me most of the time . if i do make friends , very soon i will make it clear , if not immediately , that i'm interested in ... you forgot the trappist beer in the alternatives . : rolleyes : well it seems you can't see the sequence of a person jumping through skilled people for jobs , that it will leave disappointed and angry people behind ? this pattern seems as common trend not only in ... what i can say is that i know where you come from and can see the reason why you think as you do . if i should give you a logical advise . reach success by who you know over your actual skills will ... words are sensitive and makes too much harm . my best comeback when insulted is empty stare . takes a zip of my coffee / beer . pause . sorry , what were you saying again ? that face of the other ... im glad this topic came up . i'm regularly not interested in dating or relationships but when i meet someone i like i do act kind of direct to it . though it seems as this approach comes off as weird ... for me entj i find this as a poor quote since for me it's both it's what you know and who you know im bored . guess here's where the magic happends ? talking to myself while reading facebook news feed : please just pause ... think about the shit you just posted ... and then press delete post . you're fat . don't post that . what's the point ? ... dinner , alcohol with a soul mate . my high school infj friend was a great ( and / or horrible ) actor . he was excellent at pulling jokes making the entire class laugh . we made a school movie and he was unquestionable the best actor in it ... your inability to separate your emotional life with professional life makes it difficult for me to take you fully serious in work . sorry . well i presume i speak for many of the social entjs . my social life is a continuos process of uphold different perceptions of me to different people . i have learnt a lot about socializing by being ... recognize this . naaah :D even if i am pretty good with details and understanding of knowledge . you guys do it in a more complete and tedious fashion . i have to put ( unnescessary ) much effort to compete with you ... admitting mistakes is not an apology . you are correct . although staying stronghold to your opinions / beliefs / way of doing things / even after prooved wrong several times in the certain case doesnt ... :) i get the impression that intjs dont realize that there is a strength in admit mistakes . entj has much easier to admit mistakes . intj rarely appologies . something that bothers me actually when spending too much time with intjs . yeah im also searching for them atm .. with poor results works pretty well short term . i don't really know what works for me . i tend to see every relationship as a major story in my life , dont know why . which take me some time to cover the fire so to ... yes , i do now . took me some time in life to make me aware of though . even an entj realize that ... love and glory ... hopefully both mixed together ... as glorious love perhaps :) is all that matters ... hmmm ... i can only talk from myself and i start it like this . i have somewhat hard times with istjs in general . somehow we don't connect at the level it requires for me to actually gain some ... 64915 entjs that trying to go after another smarter entj without realizing it . i enjoy taking on these immatures , use to give them several hints of warning signs like do not trespass .. it will get you ... start by removing them from facebook . don't want them around any part of my life . when i think back i see them as a phase in my life . usually something i learnt and taken with me in further . even ... it is when im unexpectedally tested or a situation turns out to be a such of that art . though i can control this side pretty good in practice it has come out more in competative environments such as ... when i have my own kingdom and to move my position requires tremendous amount of effort and luck . then i would express my true inner self . people that dont know me that well , i think sometimes get ... ok i see now in my thermodynamic book they give acetic acid ( gaseous ) as -433.33 . the value you should use is the one for liquid acetic acid , − 483.5 kj / mol [ wikipedia ] . by the referrings above a , ... ok think i came out wrong . ( had to be my temperamental entj ) dont make him jealous but at least show him that you dont care about him in that way . still talk to him and stuff and be nice of course . ok another question . under extreme pressure , say like in work , could you be able to neglect your relationship but still maintain the same emotions for your partner ? you are right . in this case the reagents were given in concentration ( m ) which is not the same as mol . actually it is only by mol when counting stoichiometry . the problem was a little bit simplified ... have this pretty hot esfj friend . she always complains why she never finds any nice guy . well , if you for 5 years never had a real boyfriend and no guy makes your cut and they are just after sex ... for my situation that was not good news . : sad : thank you because the esfjs i know dont listen to my advise or expertise when i am trying to help them . also for me , they have a very different perception on how the world is run . hello intjs , im curious what are the signs , let's say when you are in a romantic relationship , that you no longer are in love with that person ? thanks hmm .. i dont like when things go to easy . or let me rephrase , when things goes easy it loses my interest since it is a sealed deal . although when stuff that should be organized isnt , i wake up and ... naoh ( s ) + ch3cooh ( l ) + h2o ( l ) --> na + ch3coo - ( s ) + 2h2o ( l ) enthalpy change of the reaction , dh rxn [ dh ( products ) ] - [ dh ( starting materials ) ] = dh reaction --> [ dh ( na + ch3coo - ( s ) ) + dh ... this is not true for me . thing is i don't usually see stuff at dates as other sees it . too many girls thinks , imo , that whenever there is one on one time outside school as a date . well i just see it ... it is pretty obvious intjs stalk facebook and such about one . well facebook is public so it is not considered stalking . anyways . i sometimes test my intj friends about this in person . just for ... nowadays i dont play computer or video games . taking too much time for nothing . i can sometimes enjoy console sport games against friends like fifa or nhl together in the same room , not online . i ... one-sided relationships . specially friends who cant value friendships before it's too late has been a returning theme in my life . actually these are people i know but they tend to keep a sort of distance with me . no , im not a complete a-hole . :D i can tell about an infj in my high school . he was highly talented in art but he ... i guess there are no shortcuts . as soon you are comfortable with your mind , yourself and what qualities you like in a partner it will come naturally . myself approach women as they were anyone . as ... the infjs i meet seem to be afraid of me . don't understand why because in general they are pretty straight-forward and vocal people . hm ... '