' green , blue , gold , orange . well yeah , could see which choices went with which temperament . i think especially nt's got this right away ? though saying any other type with somewhat of an understandig ... i actually answer their rhetorical questions every now and again or give an explanation . pisses them off in return . ! zero . nothing for you's ever good enough zero nothing makes you whole  could watch this ( her ) for hours . her words exactly . note that two weeks later a childhood friend of mine died . i told her i had a difficult time processing all of that . she told me he wouldn't have wanted me to be upset about it ... this will be retold . looking at the bottom right corner of my computer screen made me realise it's december already . holy shitballs . means i'm having teh lulz . hi all , i play bass in a band called sanity's rage . wanted to throw a couple of vids on here so feel free to give me your onions ! we just released our first full-length album called you are what you ... nearly killed me . when i was about 11 , me and my sister had a huge fight ( she's 4 years my senior ) , and when she ran away from me and slammed the kitchen door shut , i broke one of the small , thick ... well , depends i remember about 4 years ago , one of my little nephews ( i have lots of them , me and my sister are about 10-20 years older than the rest of the grandchildren on my dad's side ) came ... same here , messed up electric boogaloo . and i don't believe real happiness is found in someone else . i'd like to tell you where it's really at , but i haven't figured that one out myself . and just ... andy kaufman should've wrestled intp women . fuck hipsters . when i had to go get my glasses a couple months back , the girl there pointed me to the hipster-models . i literally said fuck no , i'm not wearing that . always hated radio and always ... let's compare penisses . took me a year to realise i had feelings for the person i was with in my last ltr . ended about half a year ago , and i still frequently have fucked up dreams about it . simple thing is to ban them from ... they do paint a picture ... intx girl ? just fun to see her tell her off and then act all whatever , i'm busy . at about 1:00 . it also turns out an elderly man in serbia , on his ... if anyone called me that , there would be a possibility of a fist in the face . or a snide comment . or a sarcastisc clapping of the hands . my stare is too intense i think for anyone who doesn't know me ... i can think of a few ways . ot : find yourself an nt man . ladies ... and why does independence scare men away ? i believe that studies once showed that we as men would actually be happier with a ... 54497 tired in so many ways . with a dash of isolation and a hint of confusion / worry about the future . wish it would be possible to move freely in time ... yes , it matters . found that it doesn't mean anything without a connection , so at this point i'm not pursuing anything related to it for a while now . i'm foolish at the whole thing personally , get ... direction in life , personal space , understanding ( if you're interested enough to find out her type , i'm guessing you're doing fine ) . these things seem pretty obvious considering she's a teenager , but ... 54458 54459 i'm all smiles . an infp friend of mine told me her most recent ex found her to be empty at times . i laughed . ot : i quite like my introversion , and don't have much problems with it . it's just who i am and i'll ... when the hell did this thing become about marriage ? marriage is a non-issue to me , so therefore disregard it . what i meant by courting was the setup to the date . i was just stating that it all boils ... are you guys turks or greeks ? ... .. . i'll leave this here . but seriously , welcome . welcome ! looking forward to reading your posts . also , i fear i'm turning to a hermit lifestyle ... save me :) okay , you've done it . what's synesthesia ? and urr , welcome . welcome . i like your kind . canadian eh , would like to go there and be bear food sometime . enfp ? sounds good ( in theory ) , want more nf people in my life myself . what's so great about it then ? are there little ( or big ) things ... the whole reason you're courting is to get into their pants . the way you go about the so called courting however , determines how creepy it is . also , any woman not liking that must have issues . i've ... what's wrong with that ? i'm pretty much procrastinating in the sense that i don't seem to do a whole hell of a lot whem i'm off work . i'm either too tired or spend time thinking about how awful my job is . just pretty much ... men . though i can be just as content in the company of a woman who's not overly sensitive and doesn't mind the occasional crude remark ( even better when she makes them herself ) . slightly off-topic : ... how do you go about trying to determine what other people's type might be ? what things to look for while observing or what kind of questions to ask them ? it's something i'd really like to know / learn ... out of all the ones i slept with ( not a ridiculous amount considering my age , i'd say about average ) there was only one i really cared about . also the only one with who it was actually any good . long ... tinnitus . that it is possible to become a private detective . 2 year course . now this makes for about 23 career options . welcome . try out youtube , perceiving vs . judging , for example . it gives you some info on the topic . welcome , i very much enjoy the company of infp's . an intp female ... would love to interact with one in the wild . i wonder if it would be awkward or familiar ... also , welcome . welcome . new zealand , so do you know sarah walker ? fell in love with her during the olympics this summer . welcome . seems things like this are brought upon by certain turning points in life , i can relate . i also like your hat and suspected cool demeanor . welcome , fellow newcomer . '