' wonderful ! i've recently made my tumblr , too . some of the times i write down my thoughts and feelings , and i usually try not to reblog too much as i intend on making my tumblr stay original . ... i wish you would say something that you feel positive about me as a person . it is one of the important parts about staying friendly friends with an ex . i know you are not good with expressing ... i'd say the same like absurdist . and tense . if i weren't a sensitive infp , i'd probably not worry too much about how the other person feels , but i do . i'm worrying about whether the other person ... i am so angry at myself for ever falling for you . i am so angry at you for ever falling for me . i am so angry for the way things had to end up . i want everything to stop , just go back in ... even though i'm genuinely thankful i just can't imagine myself jumping with delight ( just not now anyway ) . i just hate the fact that people i care about have put up with so much crap for me . i know ... phlegmatic 29 sanguine , 36 melancholy , 0 choleric , 57 phlegmatic hail you who are phlegmatic ! the stability to stay straight on the course . the patience to put up with provokers . the ability ... om nom nom you are absolutely right . thanks blacklodge . you really do strike me as a cool guy worth getting to know . hopefully we'll be able to get to know each other sometime ! howdy ! : happy : did i ... i realized i probably come off as slightly aloof on here . i've been lurking on perc for a long time , thanking people's posts , but too shy to make actual conversations ! when i'm in a rut or ... our friendship has officially ended . we can no longer fix it , or convince her that it is still fixable . this is for the best . wow . the other person got fed up last night when i vented same things because she didn't know what to do in that situation . what was beginning to be a refreshed friendship just got shaken all over again ... while i enjoy being around nts as my close friends and can't ask for the better , i can't help but have moments of intense alienation and loneliness every now and then . when i see certain ( negative ) qualities in other people that i think i might have but don't want to possess , i get afraid of myself . i trust myself to be a healthy person for some parts , but my ... talk about feeling like a idiotic jerk . i recently learned it was all a complete and utter misunderstanding on my part . that i took things that were said a completely different way . i was being ... - - - complete misunderstanding on my part - - - - - complete misunderstanding on my part - - - - - - complete misunderstanding on my part - - - just this . i have a hard time not to compare myself with him every time i see him . myself , i don't have exciting adventures to share while he does . it does not make sense because it's nothing personal . yet i ... ^ my physical appearance makes me come off as naive and innocent . and i make cute noises like teeheehee ! and stuff . most people might perceive me as a space cadet , which i am . but that's not ... weary ... thank you so much . it made me smile . i would love to get drunken just for once in lifetime when i'm older . surrounded by right people , of course . just be rebellious and adventurous for a little bit . are you swimming upstream , in notions of blue ? do you feel like your sinking ? are you sick of the rain , after all you've been through well i know what you're thinking . when you can't take it , ... “ it's great that you can listen and be a shoulder to someone , but what about when someone doesn't need a shoulder ? what if they need the arms or something like that ? you can't just sit there and put ... like charlie from the perks of being a wallflower i share inspirational stories / quotes / sites on the public sites not only because i hope they will touch people who may need to read them but also because i need to read them myself . not aware of oneself crying until taken aback by intense emotions because it all happens so suddenly yuki nagato from haruhi suzumiya and raven from teen titans ... i don't want to feel angry or guilty anymore . i don't want you to feel angry or guilty anymore . i don't want anybody to feel angry or guilty . i just want to move on . we both do . hornet what you just said sums up si pretty much ! the cognitive functions are very complex , and i don't know if i can describe si well . but there's a site that explains it much , much better ... it makes so much sense ! i've thought about that for a bit . yeah . you are right about si . when close ones decide to stop talking or drop things out ( for example ) my first initial reaction is : but ... how do you let go ? my intj told me she loved me--does love me--but we both knew being a relationship together wouldn't work out well for us , so we are letting go ( we did get involved in a ... remorseful i am too naive for my own good . i wish i would have been exposed to many things when i was younger . i'm 17 years old , to be 18 on june 21 , and this is my first time experiencing true drama with my ... inadequate and empty ... it's been so long since last time i felt pure happiness and stayed in that state i had to sit on this question for couple nights because it's a really good question . i've never really thought about it . i'm definitely guilty for not being the one to maintain friendships often . ... speaking for myself , i only need you to tell me , alright , there is an issue i would like for us to resolve together . whatever i say , it doesn't mean i'm calling you into question . i just want for us ... antiant thank you for the accountability article . even though it's meant for buddyhollyfan , i find it very helpful . i really appreciate that . i think it's more of the social rituals when people validate other people's emotions in this situation . one of the social rituals places value on treating people's feelings as important and creating ... reading their posts , i honestly don't think they're trying to put you down or threaten you with personal reasons . they are just as confused . what may come off to you as pushing for answers is them ... i understand where you are coming from , and it's true that people do wish to be heard . it's hurtful when you hope others to validate your feelings , but you end up going against what feels like a ... of course intjs can love someone . if not deepest and more intensely than most people due to their preference to straightforwardness and honesty . they are people too . just not in a way feelers who ... - - - when i listen to important people's stories or vents , i can't stop myself from absorbing their feelings and thoughts until they become like mine - sharp , real and painful . even when i try to ... yes . i've been around thinkers for the most part of my life . my father is an entj , and my close friends are usually nts . i admire and respect nts . but when i emulate them for a long period of time ... i remember writing a script for drama class's project last year . it was really enjoyable and somehow mediating . to put yourself into a different person's shoes with different perspectives and ... thank you . i'm glad to hear it . it's a family issue , and i've been more sensitive these days , but i'm certain i'll be better soon . : happy : i just can't seem to stop crying randomly for one reason or another . and i don't tell anybody . never thought i would see you guys explain this particular issue in intj-infp relationships so clearly . it was an exact problem that happened in my relationship with now-bestfriend intj a while ago ... '