' zuflex in your edited ( and only the edited ) response i think you gave a very a good advice . but it does not apply to my posts since i started from an example of a relationship with 1 person to ... i am sure that the comments maryanne and other people did fit with some kind of situations and people involved - but on a personal level they alienated me . meaningful to me was your answer ( and thank ... emotional logic yeah , it was helpful . and heart warming . thank you ! . oh , i was you know - just making a comparison of infp / infj tendencies . of course being all - i don't know abnormal ? - and ... 30 january - infj whoputstheirfaceonabus oh man i often felt bad for the coyote even if it was all meany haha ! ! ! is there a thread about characters you love ? despise is a very strong word . but i kind of dislike : frankenstein : he is just all over the place panicking and after that so self-defeated and ... about humans : evil begins when you begin to treat people as things . - terry pratchett we cling to our fairy tales until the price for believing in them becomes too high . - ransom riggs ... i haven't done anything serious lately , but there is that little squirrel that i really love : 276385 these sound to me a lot like something an infj would sing :  esca i so much relate to what you just described . internet & coffee . please read my edit . ok then , if you were impersonal then why the sarcasm ? and why the 2nd post pointing out - oh , look that was sarcasm . ( and yeah that is jlaw , - i loved how she looked in the mockinjay . i think ... jddg 5wa it's beautiful and it looks well made :) ! i am going to agree with winegums . i don't know i think that in the end there is still much information left to find something from it even on the web . the lack of emotional reactions ... and i was just trying to be re-approachful and understanding towards a person that just mocked me in my face - because it was never my intention to insult anybody or pick a fight - but you obviously ... ... maybe ... she sometimes seems too quick to react . i don't see her using much ti :/ . dunno ! she seems to draw back and stay alone for a while when things get difficult . would you like to ... hm ... makes sense as a good way to differentiate i / e . thank you ! i used to play mostly alone and i always isolate myself when i feel strained and my thoughts get messed up and blurred . aw i relate to those characters as well . and you are an enfj which means we share the same functions in different order - cool ! i suspect morgana is an infj gone bad . i mean infjs ... hm based on likeness in mbti some famous characters i like are : the 11th doctor - he just seems sooo enfj to me ! i would not see him as s dominant . fe is screaming . j is obvious when ... em ... where do i even start with this . first of all i am going to express something that i understood by your trail of thought . if fairness / sympathy indeed stand for fe / fi differentiation then i ... well all of this questions are meant to in a general manner . it asks you what you usually do . not just to the special case you are taking care of people with special needs . if you are unsure you can ... i see you are very upset about how your friendship has gone and possibly for a good reason . anyway - maybe they just try to push you to admit something they sense , suspect , because right now are in ... this is one of the things that can allienate me the most , while dealing with someone less introverted . my mind goes like : there is no over-analysis , only a wrong analysis or a correct analysis ... when being truthfully nice to people means that they will think you are jerk and being a jerk to people means that they will think you are nice . when you can have your eyes wide open without ... aaw the friend i am talking about is for sure one of the best listeners i have ever met : kitteh : . i do always care to listen to her as well but one way or another i end up talking disproportionately ... i mean infjs usually tend to verbalise their approval of others behaviours and be direct about it . additionaly even if we sense that somebody is approving of something we do , we feel more content and ... i do not know if fandom stuff are appropriate here but this is way to awesome and stimulating for my nife : i always see these sceneries in my head that ... i read somewhere recently that infps don't understand the need of infjs for validation and confirmation from others . so i would like to know what is the fi secret for that xd ? ! i have a friend who ... i do think that a very emotionaly expressive , manipulative , with a victim complex enfj / infj stalker ( i wish you never meet such a creature ) can drive an intj to cry like a little baby out of despair ... i don't know if anybody else mentioned this but cultural and social reasons can also lead to marriage . parents usually expect it ( and have a hissy fit if you deny to have one ) and children might be ... there is a test in this site which enables you to get a clearer look at your two strongest functions , although i would not reccomend it for assuming the lesser ones : cognitive function test i ... i found a quite helpful site in differentiating between infps and infjs which was my main problem . there is a test for infp vs infj but i do not recomend that one - i was given both results again ... i do not particularly like the idea , but i am sure that he's an f ... ( all his decision's are based on emotions rather than reason ) . ... and since his decisiveness doesn't strike me for an ... xenons ( lol and i was thinking that it would be fun to see an x ! ) yeah i can clearly see and infp in these ... 69226 i've got to agree with you about the lyrics - sound part . i would like to add that i can imagine the reasons why someone would choose an instrumental song , but as an intuitive and not a sensual ... tutor saliva ( xd ! ) hm i really loved the atmosphere though i got confused at some points with the lyrics ~ ( i like what i understood though ) oh , yes i see what you mean ! thats basically the main reason i get tired ... i've been looking for a while now and i can not find any thread with music that characterizes infp personality . there is one for mbti types in general and two for specific kinds of music we like , but ... hm ... one good thing that happened to me this year is that for first the time i am the top of my class ( people think i am a good student , its funny ! ) another thing is that people respect me . like ... echo <3 33 tada ! 6897268973 6897468975 68977 zoom to enjoy ! aw thats great ! ! ! i wish you good luck ! unfortunately i do not draw much anymore since i spent most of my time studying for univercity . i have made an art blog where i haven't posted anything ... everything is accurate for me here ; ; ... * goes to cry in a corner cause can't afford the feeling of having her feelings so perfectly understood * ! hm i wouldn't like to change and not be and infp , but i have the same problem ... i'm perfectly capable of pretending i am fine and bear and bear and bear but inside of me i scream ... and its so ... aw great ! ! ! i love cartoons and i draw as well ! i was going for six years to an art school and i was thinking about doing lessons to study art in a univercity , but i love fairytales more than drawing ... '