' nurture i love you just not today you are mine forever though we part ways i slit my wrists and sing your song down locrians hollow after my fall please nurture me forever be the thorn in my ... - the devil is dancing buck-naked on our graves singing kumbaya ... strange things are bound to happen . you broke my heart . don't veil your guilty facade behind a shroud of avatarless innocence . in my six years on perc , i have only told one member that she was the most beautiful i had ever seen on perc . i hereby stand corrected . flutter one heart flutters it can't be seen on the dark ocean floor bearing the weight of an endless sea of emotions mostly its own there's new money and old money . old money is inherited ... some steel baron in the 1920 ' s stockpiled money and their succeeding generations simply lived off the compounding interest . apart from ... birbofmanyfeathers enfp 9w1 do you play piano by ear or with music ? is hanging out with someone who shares common interests a friendship ? am i wrong to want more ? should i be offended that the moment i open up and say something real ... something that's truly ... ill words as one pill slides down the emptiness takes hold a blissful thrill the numbness builds all cares are brought to nil to watch all pain whisped away in shoddy , tawdry waves of grey ... i may have misunderstood the question . i'm part of the not so much party . i'm not so much a republican because of this ... i'm not so much a democrat because of that ... etc . mercys tear a word that topples empires spoken softly through a whisper in a hardened heart it festers with no alibi in linger driest rain will pour and find a soul who tripped across the ... i'm not evil darkened doorways ring joining shrieking choruses surrounding harpies sing deeds of morning , noon and night proven now in soft moonlight doors locked tight , pitch black inside ... source : creepy true stories behind abandoned buildings ... i should have finished my b . a . in behavioral science at sjsu ... i would have been an mft the last decade making $ 150 per therapy hour doing something i don't suck at . unfortunately , if you go far ... behest once walked through soft river beds jaded pebbles gather their timely fingers measure through streams of memory that weave a tapestry of stringed beads now winnow past the stones at ... i know nothing , have nothing , am nothing , want nothing , am worth nothing . the intelligent esteem themselves so while the foolish forsake not the fellowship of those who architect their futures . the intelligent burrow tunnels through earth and water to protect their ... you loathe the construct above the commotion , the concept beyond the contraption , and the cuisine more than the carrion . as you stand ten miles above this you realize if only it were so ... then ... the fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the intelligent esteem themselves so while living in a non-committal bubble of mom and dad's basement and marvel comic books and the ... people who aren't firmly one way or the other on a very specific issue make me nervous ... like they are wishy-washy . with that being said , i'm going to contradict my previous statement and say that ... at a restaurant , i leave 40 % regardless of the quality of service . this is a 3w4 thing ... i want to be seen as generous ( or magnanimous , as the case may be ) even if i'm seething with frustration at ... who needs best qualities ? my worst qualities are so awesome that they cover all the bases . okay , you probably wanted a real answer ... these are my qualities ... i make no claim that they are infj ... so how much do you tip at restaurants ? just because the door swings on its hinge doesn't mean you make as good a window as a door . two birds in the hand are much easier to kill with one stone than two in the bush . calling the kettles in ... this showed up on yahoo and was pretty amazing ( rio olympics six months later ): rio olympic venues are abandoned just 6 months after the games - business insider ... shall i recklessly plunge head first into a spring one inch deep ? will i row my rickety boat guided by blinded eyes through infested waters ? no , yet beneath a jaded silhouette , wading in grey ... i savor the bitter aroma of a slow coffee pee at the end of a long , hectic day ; so few pleasures in life ... so few . a careworn vagabond wanders aimlessly through a vacant town called dereliction . all familiarity has vanished but would he even recall it ? every disintegrated domicile is a melancholy reminder of the ... the scars from memories long forgotten remain etched in the stilled heart of one who rests in dry fountains . yes , i do . winter's wretch once is gone the time has past days of joy no more to last linger now these kittle fears shreaking harpies ears do hear her look ... i consider this video one of the 8 wonders of the world : believe it or not , out of the 70 avatars i have used in the past 3 years , she is my favorite ( although there are a lot of really close seconds ) . in short , no . i have the same view . i'm single and have no intention of getting anyone pregnant . nicely done .  if that doesn't inspire you ... i just really feel sorry for you . blank slate the line between the innocent child's fragile pubescent identity and the misanthropic hermit oozing histrionic adulthood evanesces as the watchers claim to know best , completely ... i believe this is being stuck in the other side of your ( istj's ) personality - fi / ne ... people talk about loops . your poorly-formed values are constantly hitting up against a wall of endless ne ... when i was a kid we sat on the right of the sanctuary and considered everyone on the left weren't going to heaven . sufficed to say , one day we started sitting on the left for some reason and ... school all other discussions aside , please do go to a doctor and get your leg checked . that's the reality that you need to focus on right now . destitute the coldest of icy winter days is warmer still than the heart of the one who has lost true love . i held her soft hand to my sandpapery cheek as we stood around the tree . we shared ... i checked 8 genres but alt . rock is # 1 . my two cents : if the authentic you is not enough or too much for him , he is not worthy of your affections . your statement reminds me of someone who compared istj's to dogs a week or so ago . cool story , bro . infj 8w9 parakeet + infj 4w5 parakeet philosophy is interesting but honestly as soon as someone brings up a philosophical debate ( a debate that is purely abstract and lacks application in the real world ) , i immediately have my unwavering ... the fact that i'm old enough to be the baskin robbins server's father ... dear effing me . '