' istp : thankfully i've never been subject to any noticeable mood swings , the cramps are killer though . this probably isn't the first one i've had , but it's one i remember clearly . it was morning , i was standing outside alone waiting for the school bus , everything was quiet and still . i looked up in ... ... no , many , many chips . a multitude of chips , perhaps . dare i say , a plethora of chips ? a great sum of chips ? there goes another chip . i was going to post something long and well articulated with multiple points to back up my argument but then i ate a chip . the implications for a world with technology to eliminate aging is pretty interesting . by then , the cure for many other diseases would probably also have been found , so now i'm thinking , if you're ... oh ... well , okay . i'll stop then i guess . first of all , i don't believe in theology at all , it's the conclusions you're drawing that are coming off as trollish . i can't tell if you are actually misinterpreting these theories or if you're ... consider that physicists are only theorizing so far , and that the information on internet articles are greatly simplified for the general public and sometimes misrepresented . you're avoiding my ... code is a man-made concept , it is like a language . i can take my dna , convert the sequence of nucleotides to 0 and 1 , and convert that into letters . it'll be mostly random letters , a few snippets of ... but we have one , the globe and sextant ( at least , i think that's a sextant ... ) symbol of the intp forum . : v i just used this : have fun . :P ooh , i got another one : my mind is telling me no , but my body ... my body is telling me yes . however , i trust the sound judgement of my mind more than my primitive instinctual urges . coincidence ? ! i think so . the statistics are that esfjs are the most overrepresented type in k - 12 teachers , but they're not the cool teachers ... yeah , we know . é oh the irony . how about a limerick ? there was an intp from darjeeling , who suddenly had a lot of feelings . his logic led astray , by an enfj , now dating doesn't seem so unappealing . that was supposed to be a joke . :P people say hello ? are you listening ? to intps because we don't pay attention to our surroundings . aaand i explained the joke . people say that to intps all the time , and it's usually immediately followed by are you listening to me ? lol this is one of my favourites : humorous , but actually strikes truer to what love is than those true love forever baby baby songs . oh wait we're ... here , i made you a cover . i think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship . : cool : your avatar . :P i admired it at a distance many a times but i wimped out on messaging you about it . the most straight forward girl would be the one making the move ! tine hey come quick , check this out . welcome to the fandom , take a hors d'oeuvre . fuck , that was not meant to be a pun . * snorts * batman , batman , batman , batman , and batman . the golden rule i use to judge pranks is : don't be a squidward . nobody likes a squidward . : sad : okay but in all seriousness , sending unsolicited ... misery loves company . ( jk ) edit : derp . never mind pyura chilensis - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia it's a rock that's meat on the inside and ... my favourite part was 2 x universe = tube isfj mom + intp dad = intp me esfp grandma + extj grandpa = isfj mom + enfp ( ? ? ? ) aunt not sure about my dad's side . the genius who came up with this idea must be an economist . ( hardy har har ) but seriously , who the hell could make such idiotic assumptions about how motivation works in the face of decades of ... i was likely still intp as a child , but i had believed that once i grow up and become an adult i'd have to turn normal ( read : esfj ); that was what i took away as the definition of maturing from ... okay , let's have a shot at this . bold is the statement i choose , underline is for statements i partially agree with . implying that introversion is inherently negative :d ry : an introvert in a relaxed and supportive environment becomes a happy introvert . infp i think the first one is the most correct , as long as we're assuming genetics has an effect on personality . it's natural to have genetic variation between individuals of a species , hell , evolution is ... see my answer to second case . mbti is not a perfect system , arguably a perfect way to classify personality doesn't even exist . by analogy , think of a rainbow of colours and separate them into 7 ... do you mean why are people different ? or why people invented personality types ? first case : it wouldn't make any more sense for people to have identical personalities than for every person to look ... you can make a survey and measure the percentages , and i believe those statistics are meaningful to some degree . however i agree that you can't just make the call that two types never get along or ... '