' legal , but regulated like cigarettes / alcohol . so have age restrictions , limited smoking in public places , etc . double majoring in neuroscience ( cognitive track ) and psychology :) i was a bit confused by the short descriptions you provided ( i was not familiar with this concept ) so i did some digging and found this lovely graphic : ... enneagram : 1w2 top 3 acc to john's ( i'm solidly infj , for the record ): 1 . infj ( 45 % ) 2 . isfj ( 27 % ) 3 . intj ( 9 % ) mbti : infj ( 100 % ) enneagram : 1w2 - 4w5 - 6w7 sp / so ( 99 % ) graphical representation : 716434 top results : leisurely > sensitive = conscientious = self-sacrificing agreement : wowza . i've never ... probably the nutty professor ? i get pretty chatty and ditzy . it does kind of ebb and flow though ; sometimes i have a ton of social energy and want to party , and other times i just get tired and sit ... i agree a forum to discuss the theory would be good to have . we wouldn't need subforums because big 5 is inherently a trait theory , not a type theory . but general discussion on research , connections ... isfp my type : infj 1w2 . closest 3 : isfj , intj , istj . the connection to sj is likely a 1 - ish thing . i don't feel any relation to infp at all . while i feel a slight connection to enfj , i'm just not ... 125 - ish , i think ? iq is dumb . a high school near me would select students for a far-superior , gifted education program based on the results of an iq test alone . i knew idiots who got in and smart , ... i detest rain . i hate the sensation of getting wet , i hate the dark / gloomy atmosphere , i hate the muggy air , i hate the feeling of being trapped inside . there is literally nothing i like about rain ... some of my current favorite tv shows ( not a movie person ) and why i like them : - parks and rec - i love the harmony and friendship ( necessarily combined with laugh-out-loud humor , of course - - i'm ... i think the fundamental problem with the question you are posing is that typology doesn't predict interest , but rather typology can explain differences in how individuals approach an interest or ... 1998 - born american here . i have clear memories of the 2004 presidential election , hurricane ivan , and hurricane katrina . the earliest personal memories i have are from around 2003 , give or take a ... rick - entp 7w8 - 8w7 - 4w5 sx / sp morty - isfp 9w1 - 2w1 - 6w7 sp / so summer - esfj 3w2 - 8w9 - 6w7 so / sx jerry - isfj 6w7 - 9w8 - 3w2 sp / so beth - estj 8w7 - 3w4 - 6w7 sx / sp i had this on another thread a few years back , but here are some beatles songs for each subtype : 1w9 - taxman 1w2 - you're gonna lose that girl 2w1 - hey jude 2w3 - please please me 3w2 - all ... 2011 was the best for me purely for the nostalgia factor . those songs take me back to all the middle school parties . a simpler time . you literally missed the entire purpose of this thread . 1 . yz 2 . yz 3 . z 4 . z 5 . yz 6 . a ) y b ) z 7 . yz ( neither was great ) so i guess i'm a z-leaning yz then ? i'm a ' 98 - er . infj 1w2 here . best friend since childhood - infj , possibly 9w1 roommate / best friend at college - infj ( possible ambivert ) 3w4 inner circle of closest friends at college - estp 3w2 ? , enfj ... result : type : 1 tritype : 146/164 i'm impressed . didn't expect it to actually get it right . wow , similarminds finally got it right this time . :) introverted ( i ) 51.72 % extroverted ( e ) 48.28 % intuitive ( n ) 51.52 % sensing ( s ) 48.48 % feeling ( f ) 54.29 % thinking ( t ) 45.71 % judging ( j ) ... thank you ! i love questions :) i go to a school without a core curriculum / gen ed , so i got to jump into my major right away as a freshman . first semester , i took a really basic intro course ... ... what is this bullshit ? to its credit , my core type and strong wing were tied for first , and sx was rightfully last of the instincts . but these new types are so dumb . ten sounds like an ... student ; going into second year of college ( studying neuroscience and psychology ) . working two jobs over the summer . trying to figure out a new relationship . missing friends from school . beyond ... this one is literally the shortest one on the internet . 4 questions , nice and simple . and it breaks down the theory a bit , which i like . link ! hi . i'm an infj 1w2 sp / so . but i'm finding your questions quite tricky to answer ! i'll try to give as much input as i can , but please feel free to ask me anything else if you're curious about my pov ... i apologize if the post was intimidating to you . basically all i did was combine posts like that from multiple threads into several tables to see if any definitive mbti trends in families exist . if ... nice to see more of us around ! we're somewhat of a rare breed , i think :) i kept playing with barbies / littlest pet shop / etc until i was around 14 or so , though having a younger sibling to play with probably influenced that . my esfp sister , on the other hand , is 16 now ... not sure how many of you guys have found this site already , but 9types.com has great , applicable e-type descriptions . one of their sections is how to get along with me per enneagram type . i had ... groundhog , squirrel , baby deer , ( domestic ) cat , ( domestic ) dog top 5 fruity chewy candies what are the mbti types of your immediate family is probably the most common thread on perc , but i hadn't found any recent posts that actually analyzed all of the data these threads were ... hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha man , 3 years changes a lot . to my credit , i haven't smoked yet . me : infj mom : infj dad : estj sister ( younger ): esfp lol , had a lovely chat with the fam about typology and new conclusions have been made . me : infj 1w2 - 4w5 - 6w7 sp / so sister : esfp 7w6 ( possibly tritype 728 ) so / sx mom : infj 6w5 ( possibly tritype ... i don't go to an ivy league school , but my university is top 10 . there are definitely way more ns than ss here , but otherwise i don't see too many trends . i have one friend who goes to harvard and is ... i've seen tom brady typed as enfp quite a bit . me : infj 1w2 - 4w5 - 6w7 sister : esfp 7w6 mom : infj 6w5 dad : estj 136 ( not sure of core type ) your scores are : care 88.9 % fairness 63.9 % loyalty 36.1 % authority 30.6 % purity 50 % liberty 44.4 % your strongest moral foundation is care . your morality is closest to that of a left-liberal . jung test results introverted ( i ) 53.13 % extroverted ( e ) 46.88 % sensing ( s ) 51.52 % intuitive ( n ) 48.48 % feeling ( f ) 51.43 % thinking ( t ) 48.57 % judging ( j ) 70 % perceiving ( p ) 30 % your type ... any mid-size city is good for me . somewhere easy to get around without having a car , lots to do but not hectic , ability to meet a lot of people but also sit back and people-watch , evident culture ... your personality type you preferred ' investigative ' the most , followed by ' social ' and ' conventional ' . your six letter personality type is ' iscaer ' . your personal preference is also shown in a graph ... i used to be religious growing up , but now i'm much more gray about it . currently , my view is that god is my imaginary friend ; i know objectively that he doesn't exist , but it's still comforting to ... i agree with everyone above that enneagram type absolutely modifies how one's mbti type is presented . in essence , the existence of enneagram defines nine variations for each mbti type . ... do you smoke ? nonononono what are your drinkings habits ? wine , beer ? back at school i drank roughly once a week . i prefer fruity drinks : sangria , strawberry daquiris , rum or vodka mixed with ... i don't keep a queue on netflix ( shared account ) but the shows i've binged there are : - orange is the new black - house of cards - parks and recreation - master of none - stranger things - ... 71 % infj 9 % intj 5 % isfj 4 % infp 3 % enfj i've taken this test many times before , lol . i like it . i'm enjoying looking back and analyzing my texts already lmao 1 . do you use emojis ? ( if so , when and for who ) ... yes , all the time . i fear that if i don't use emojis / lols / etc my texts might come ... be perfect . it's shitty , but 1s ( especially unhealthy 1s ) have high standards - - you have to check every box if you want them to like you . ( don't mistake this for real relationship advice . i think ... '