' have to ask because i'm so confused : i'm an infp and i've been recently reconnected with an intp with whom i was friends in university , 12 years ago . i am separated but still living with ex for ... lol , yes , i've heard that too . i wonder if other personality types can accurately discern the infp look ? i am friends with an isfj who keeps inaccurately thinking i am giving him the look when i'm ... yeah , there is definitely a look . to me , it feels electrically charged , when i give it . i think it may come across as a glint in the eye to others , but not sure . when i like someone , i put him through little harmless tests to see whether or not he likes me back . the test always involves him going out of his way / comfort zone for me , because i give a heck of a ... ok , so i've considered the really helpful feedback i have received , and the update is that i decided to text him and keep it light . i just said i'm glad you liked the link . perhaps i will send you ... i'm going to re-read this post as i move forward , just to remind myself what i am avoiding . if it is just going to be like that again , i'm going to get out . thank-you for your perspective . i would like to hope this is the case , and that he does miss me . i can see that i will need to have better boundaries with him , should communication move forward . ... lol , you may say so . in fact , i wrote a song about him being a dick :p roud : . it's like you were there - supportive minion / personal coach feels just right . i think this is why i have so much ... i dare say you're likely right . my experience of him was that he had very deep feelings but was not often in touch with what they were / why he was having them etc . it could be likely that he has ... i'm pretty certain he knew how i felt the whole time , even though i didn't come out and say it . actually , i think he liked it ... i think it was a boost to his ego . it seemed to me that when i ... thank-you for the response ... some thoughts i had ... as an introvert , i appreciate distance myself . that was never an issue . it was not me demanding we spend every day together . i am of the ... i rant for a while , so skip to the bottom for the question , if you like ... i'm an infp , he is an intp . we were very close for two years and were together nearly all the time . i had feelings for ... yes , i think in terms of emotional maturity , he is teenager-like at times . i would never dream of asking someone if they had a crush on me in front of another person , regardless of who it was . i'm ... what does it explain ? lol , i'm totally in the dark . he is late 20 ' s , his brother and i are early 30 ' s ... he recently said he wanted to join the military , so i guess that would help him grow out of ... yeah , he knew . boyfriend is his brother . i do definitely think he is immature , not just because of this but because of the whole picture . i keep getting the feeling he is into me , but then he will ... would you get to this point because you have feelings for the person , or because you're trying to rule out reasons for their behaviour ? how do istjs act when they experience unrequited love ? why might an istj ask did you develop a crush on me ? to someone whose boyfriend is standing right there ? it seems illogical . that person ... that confirms what i thought . just getting mixed signals . i normally read people very well - unfortunately for me , i get intrigued by people i can't read . they're like a mystery to solve . however , ... his brother told me he is like this with his closest friends . makes sense . sounds congruent with his behaviour . yeah , i'm definitely done inviting him to do stuff . i just don't get ... really . he has one friend he's had since childhood . and two work friends who occasionally do lunch with him . plays video games a lot , not that they are the problem . perhaps he just prefers the ... and , i'm back . i want to be friends with ex-boyfriend's brother , an istj . for me , that means we hang out , go for coffee , etc . once a weekish . as an infp , i don't see how it's a friendship without ... stone 100674 , good point re : the part in bold . i won't press it , and the next time i see him , i'll see if it remains a preoccupation . kind of hope it's not , but it is what it is , and i appreciate ... stone 100674 , i definitely thought you were awesome enough to deserve capitalization ... like mr . big , you know - it's so incredible that it deserves the mr ! however , i see that you and niss are humble ... caring is all that matters , in my books :) niss , i'm just breaking every rule in the istj book , aren't i ? thanks for giving me the benefit of the doubt :) stone 100674 , it sucks to be a newbie . sorry for the misstep . he is hard on his brother regardless of whether i am there or not . once , a year ago when i was dating ex , the two of them got into ... stone 100674 , thank-you for your reply . especially for taking time to read all that - i have been informed about long text and too many questions for istjs , so it was good of you to reply . yes , i was ... niss , thank-you for the advice re : short , to the point posts . glad to know the headings were useful . i know as an infp , i can be wordy and descriptive , so i added headings to make it a little ... so ... i was dating a guy on and off for the past couple of years , but it never got serious ( although i'm the kind of girl who would prefer something serious ) because i felt it was just a really bad ... ok , i see where you're going . thanks . there was definitely no you language , and i started out the conversation by asking him how are you ? what's going on in your life lately ? i notice i haven't heard from you as much and am ... i appreciate your insight . as an introvert i can understand the need to retreat and reflect , especially if someone has pointed out something in me i wasn't ready to see / change . perhaps it is more ... so ... i had this fascinating , intellectually stimulating intp in my life for the past two years . we were very close , and yes , i idealized him i would say . in the past three months , he started to ... it was so funny . my intp sister came to visit me for the weekend , and we hung out with my intp friend . i have been complimenting my sister on her very original art for the past two years ( she has ... i'd like to add one more : tony stark ( ironman ) as played by robert downey jr . in avengers . wow ! his brain is an intense puzzle i want to figure out , and i enjoy his cockiness for some reason , lol . < iframe width = 420 height = 315 src = sun down by iver - youtube frameborder = 0 allowfullscreen > </iframe> yes , yes , and yes ! i thought i was going to be all original and stuff , but marimeli has said it all . mr . darcy , from pride and prejudice because he's both intelligent and disagreeable on the ... me too ! i'm all whimsical and feeling deeply and so in awe of the intp's seemingly unfathomable depths and breadths of fascinating information that i often wonder what they see in me ... i have no ... the intp in my life also likes to spend as much time as possible with the people who matter most to him . but this is a quality that i really cherish in him because he is so consistent in his ... yes - you know exactly what it's like to live in my head ! and the elation-depression roller coaster is so intense . lately i've been doing a lot more yoga to just give myself a break from that ... i do agree with all of this . i have tried to get over it , have tried to date other people , but stubborn , idealistic infp heart loves him and seems not to be able to resist melting when he lets me in ... i appreciate the advice . i like the part about not making myself too vulnerable - as an infp , i tend to put myself out there more than i would like . thank-you for the clarification , that's a little more hopeful . hmm ... now to figure out how to respect his boundaries and still make it clear how i feel ... this is really sound advice , mr . rozay . i guess i'm just going to have to take a risk if i want to un-friend-zone myself :) again , thanks to everyone for your help . as always , intps have come ... i find that , at first , most people really don't get the dynamic of exes who are good friends sharing a residence ( of course we have our own separate rooms ) . my family was really weirded out by it at ... first , i just want to thank all of you for your helpful insight . i appreciate your time and consideration of my issue . ok , so i've asked him both indirectly and directly about his feelings ... ok , that's very helpful ! i loved your first paragraph because this questioning , researching , objectivity is exactly why i am in love with him ! and there is definitely this very ... given the following scenario , how would an intp behave if he is in love with a person ? if not in love ? i have a business partner who is an intp . we met at a workplace over one year ago , and ... i moved in with my ex a few months ago and it is going well . we have been good friends now for two years . we separated for a while after the love relationship ended , but maintained contact , as we ... the power of one , robin hood prince of thieves , braveheart :) '