' the question is pretty basic . what makes an intp motivated ? what makes an intp explore ? what lights up your mind ? hahahahaha . he is an atheist . here you go honey , on top of thinking you have a problem , i'm going to present you with everything you don't agree with to solve this problem . top ten ways to ... i'd like to think i'm not codependent . i was raised in an atmosphere where i resented it and i study psychology to the point of maybe over studying everyone i know . i believe he needs a gentle nudge ... i suppose i can start embracing my insanity instead of denying it ... mostly ten p . m . or after . he can download anything , so we can just stay home . i should plan a picnic on his day off , but i worry about that actually happening . i get so upset when things don't ... my concerns back with some type of validity . sounds normal :) ha . couples will always have their disfuctions on what is appropriate and what is not . i'm his first serious relationship ... he isn't violent at all . my stepfather was and i have zero tolerance for anything of the sort . he has done some rude things in the past , that i told him were unacceptable which he discontinued and ... he typically ends his days with a drink or more . the weekends almost always occur with drinking . his mother commented that before we started dating , he would be isolated downstairs with endless ... i suppose i should start by saying our relationship has been the most difficult thing i've ever endured . we started shaky until i tried to end it , and he confirmed that he loved me and didn't want to ... heh . yeah , this isn't the best thing in the world . i usually let the world go to hell around me ( stop cleaning , let things rot , say the overly critical bitchy truth to people without it being ... as a friend you should stress how detrimental this is to her core as decent human being . if she was unhappy enough to cheat - a . she should've let him know how she felt . b . come to terms with her ... as above , i was curious if other infj's suffer the same issue . it seems no matter how much progress i've made i can't seem to be satisfied by what i've accomplished and instead only see what i ... i think the ugly duckling thing was an awful experience , but less detrimental to me than my self esteem and complete lack of confidence . i grew up in a poor family of four , i took hand-me-downs from ... nice guys - youtube as long as the intp still has an unaccomplished task in mind for you , it's never over ... my two best friends are an intj male and a female infp . the intj makes me feel at home with my over thinking to the word and blindly excepts my oddities ( when i say something outta town , he just ... omg ! i'm a huge cuddle bug if my partner allows it ! on a chair , on the couch , on the bed , and stand up cuddles ( aka hugging ) . with my beloved friends , i would move heaven , hell , and the cosmos if i ... humaning , i'm happy to know that you aren't ticked off . i guess we can make this right by first excepting that everyone has a different form of functioning and not to label each other mentally ... how do you go from an entp to an infj ? | patrick star | meme generator i'm asking the opinions the people who went to public school for their education . does anyone think that their high school education was severely lacking when they got to college , and feel like you ... you're on the internet , anything that exists has already been said some where else . i've got your back . the only thing you have to fear is a nosey infj getting all the goods and using it against one ... yes , that is our safety net for sure . avoiding a sociopath or just someone who is pretty selfish used to be my goal ... but i've gotten better about identifying people who would use me until i would ... the eternal pain of our type is to know the undertow of emotional emission . shuuuweee . i'm going to predict some type of break up , but these things need to be voiced all the same . : confused : but that my dear is the fine line . who are we to say what is for the greater good ? we play around with people like dolls for the sake of what we think and feel should happen . there is a darkness in ... i deny all evil accused of ... : wink : excuse me while i slink off to manipulate ... i mean , examine my local neighbors . ugh ... i shared too much . : blushed : it's because we come off as super cute and sweet , but the truth is-there is an emotional lion underneath that fluff that can be as critical as any intp . its based all upon how we interpret and feel ... to me it shouldn't matter about your belief , but what is best for everyone as a whole . i'm not against christianity or any religion unless they are controlling the masses of people into anything biased , uncaring , and just down right for political gain . i happened to find a way to ... atheist spirituality i went head to head with another atheist on letting people have their religious rights , so he could have his own right to not believe . in short , it ended in him practically ... i usually get mad at injustice , intolerance , and hate ... i've been known to hate people who did this in the past . now i usually write these people out because of the negativity it creates within me ... when i write i often find my self putting p instead of d or d instead of g , and vise versa . b , p , d , and g . when i was little i struggled with math because i often wrote my answer backwards . if i write ... i want children . as long as i remember i've wanted a family ... not a just people who exist , but a real family . i've had my doubts here and there , mainly because i wondered how fair it would to bring ... we would sit in mediative circles and contemplate life , souls , and our motivations ... for some reason the book the giver comes to mind . no offense , but the world would be terribly perfect and i would ... a lot of people thought i was an adopted asian child . being a living cassandra . knowing so much , but having no one listen or understand . or embracing your humanity and excepting darkness as part of your being that you truthfully can never avoid . a few questions and comments . what was your relationship like with her before her pregnancy ? what did you all enjoy doing together ? what made your relationship what you both wanted it to be ? ... i woke up with this thought in my head yesterday . i told my infp friend it was a great void ... something that has left me feeling alone and empty . i'm surrounded by people , i work in human services ... this upsets me , this is the main issue with me and my intp . :( i just put hot sauce in my palm and eat it ... some seasonings as well . any thing to do with being crazy / weird / wise / naive / emo / passionate / distantly attached / caring . my closest friend and my own parents still find me out of this world or alien . i used to think of ... it makes me sad , because i was going to suggest a very sexy outfit you could both enjoy . ;) a different breed ... hmmm . lol if that is what they need to feel comfortable then its not wrong . everyone handles every area of their lives differently . everyone has a level of what they are comfortable with . being really shy , ... i just want to say how different these types are . it's funny because i understand you both , but you really don't get each other . me gusta song - youtube okay ... trolling is simply hilarious-not emotional . to most intps trolling is just another fine add on to messing with someone mentally . dancing of course ... is embarrassing for intp , what if someone ... intps don't dance ... that is what social people do . intps don't like feelings because it is something they can't throughly explain and put logic to . yes , they feel-most other types don't see it . they try to avoid feeling because feelings are a mystery ... personally i like intps , they balance out my need for over the top structure / tidiness ... and when i overload myself with things i have to do , they simply pat a spot on the couch and have me watch a ... '