' as orelli pointed out your parent will always love you and they will always worry , try to help you and make sure you get the best . i fully understand that it might be annoying to have them on your ... they aren't sure of when it started but i was in depression at the age of 13-14 and lasted to around 18-19 what happened is that i was doing alot of sport and had alot of pressure on me too much in ... i have had long term crush because i never had the guts to go and ask them xd and i still can't i'm too shy and afraid of rejection - i find essential having basic cooking knowledge ex : i had class when i was younger and my parent always required that i help cooking or get a cookbook from your mom . - internet i think is essential ... is it possible to be both ? money is simply money it buy stuff and you get it from working or gift so static is like i do things sometimes but not anything too extreme and dynamics is i speak and tell her all the time and show her i love her if that the case then i'm static fun 1 ) i would send a subtle message as in i don't like you anymore 2 ) maybe play a mean trick on them 3 ) eventually it would go away i guess but i will always have a little something for the person i ... i have to agree with zeth thinking does not make you cool only make you realise everyone else around you doesn't think xd you are a logical-mathematical thinker * logical-mathematical thinkers : like to understand patterns and relationships between objects or actionstry to understand the world in terms of causes and effects ... i think drugs should be taken only if needed and when took under the supervision of a psychiatrist taking drugs to escape reality or for fun is simply retarded drugs since it just not good for your ... i think a stubborn istj can achieve anything it wants because when a stubborn istj really want something they become machine of work and success toward what they want actually im kinda cheating i have adhd so intrusive thinking is controlled by my medication xd wake if hello ever tells you something like i love you ! ! ! i suggest you run real fast because she probably gonna be really angry i like isfj they come to the istj forum wich make them cool person :D if i had to summarize limerence i would do it like that lack of confidence + doubt = limerence that why rejection remove someone from a limerent state because if you do lack of confidence + ... i voted 5 because im the most stubborn guy i ever knew i changed what was suppose to be a 15 min meeting into a 2 hour 30 min raging debate ( wich of course i ended up winning ) and arguing rocks i would love if you could provide me link to these studies you are talking about and doctoring is wide , a doctor could encourage you to eat better and do sport but he couldn't teach you to eat ... that sooo true but we are nice when we are in couple i mean we are the best in couple just wait for them to divorce and support her in her divorce oh wow limerence make a while i didn't look at this subject . i think istj could look they are like limerent toward the person they like but the obsessive part of limerence is really big and i dont ... i thought most of istj learned better trought visual maybe you should try that i hate beign the leader but somehow it always end up on me leading and when im not leader the one leading always make decision on what i think is good or they trust me for important job so ... i dont maybe but if you cant take the right decision for that kid because you are emotionally implied and empathy and emotion are not necessarily needed that just an idiot moral principle of not ... i think you are istj but i might be wrong ps . try thus spake zarathoustra from nietzche go take a look at kant and freud too :D actually i think 1 of the reason istj go so well with isfj is simple . like petal said earlier istj keep their emotion bottled up to function correctly and the isfj kinda take care of that emotional ... dont want to be negative but istj + enfp = rarely working out note : too much text i think about horses obviously ... next time i wil explait it like that 3 + 3 = 6 so even if you do 2 + 2 + 2 the result is still 6 xd that make no sense because to not think about something you have to think about not thinking on it wich mean everytime you are ignoring it you are thinking about it i have the answer beeer ! ! ! no seriously i dont think i need to be more outgoing because party are not that fun anyway xd but anyway it great if you see us as person who do more for other but i dont think we are special but i dont think you are selfish even if you dont give money to the homeless because this money is ... i think selfishness should be spoken of carefully . why ? because people are selfish even without realising it wich mean , when you say other people are selfish you are yourself being selfish ex : if ... maybe what you consider nice we see it as normal or forced ex : if 1 of my friend have problems for any reason and i try to help him then i dont consider it nice i think it was my duty because hes ... hypocrite and unfair people or 99.999 % of the planet and people who say they have value and are moral yes shes the 1 i liked and i like number 5 it is really a love killer number 1 too xd i made a huge plan telling group a i loved someone group b someone else and i told group c i loved them she was in group c the day after that i pretended it was a joke and that i was toying with them ... im an atheist because for me there no solid proof god could exist and for politics nothing really i live in canada ( quebec ) and i think we have the worst politician ever so i vote for the rhino party well since the girl i liked told me we are only friends i became less and less in love with her that the only way i know sela how can you have trouble putting a coat ? if you want i can make a tuto it rather easy xd nah seriously i think politeness and the way the person speak is very important because they aint the common retard i have to deal with everyday i am the serious looking guy i have 4 pair of pants they are all the same and many single colored polo todat it a blue polo yay you forgot that enfp have to get along with istj too army = 55 % istj at the age of 8 i killed that spirit it never came back never ! ! ! i am over analysing too might be due to the fact i have anxiety problem too that why i bought a apache model wah - 64d trafic xd with my 30mm canon , my hydra 70 rocket and my agm - 114 hellfire missile i make trafic unexistant ( the 30mm canon shoot deepleted uranium ... give you a hug ! ! ! nevar i want ta innovate and be unique caps ftw oh no i have been uncapsed i tought lack of self esteem was the other way around not being able to ask someone out or not reveal feeling due to thinking you will be rejected if you want you can have an e-hug from me to ... the thing is like so cute and it has pink skin ! ! ! and black eye and it smile too i feel like hugging it ( i dont even know what type im doing but this clearly aint me :D ) '