war zone detected i have been a member of this website for quite a long time but never introduced myself properly yet so hi :p roud : how is it like to be an intj girl ? it is just like being the dark lord the ... nope what's empathy ? 1 i guess it's true 2 very true i tend to enjoy burning people in video games 3 i love it when people try to hurt my feelings when i don't have any 4 nope i'm a very religious muslim 5 not really ... i love it when people try to hurt my feelings when i don't have any if you look closely you could see why my teachers don't correct my note books 232090 that's complete bullshit i love infps even one of my best friends is one , personally i think infps choose to keep their feelings to themselves because they just like it that way or feel more ... i just want to abandon everything and all the shitty responsibilities and move to live in a peaceful town in the country and change my name and live surrounded by kind neighbors in a bloody forest ... you're actually being nice lol , now let me show you true evil . i once wrote a note to a girl i hate in the fourth grade i used to copy from some other girl's note book and i accurately copied her ... thank you so much , you're among the few rare guys who don't fall head over heels for duck face swag girls , faith in humanity restored saying no offense then insulting is just like making out with a gay guy then saying no homo i'm not that serious at all i'm the biggest troll in the universe and i love it : laughing : not all guys are the same so definitely there must be guys who like entp girls maybe do you tend to stay up till 4:00 am just to enjoy the peaceful silence after everyone else falls asleep ? intjs during stop smoking campaigns one word trolololololllololol entps are not even an option well i'm butt burned i would suggest watching darker than black it's simply amazing i will admit i am attracted to assholes it's just the smell of farts it's simply irresistible you talk weird ... i like it ! hell yeah but first you have to prove that you're fabulous enough to hang out with me * flips hair * my work here is done nope , did i write a grammatical error ? you will never know : crazy : the investigators the criminals 1 shinya shogo 2 ginoza ... i know shuusei was my favourite : crying : why did that horrible sick robot woman kill him . man i wana kill the sibyl system for that we will randomize but the both of us will get to be who we want ... yes ! i played many mafia games . lets start by decieding who plays what character and the number of characters i wana be makishma shogo what are we waiting for lets make one right now ! ! ! : crazy : i bet it would be 1000 x times better than all the other mafia games lets discuss the rules lady lunar and hotaru you guys must try this anime it's amazing . here is the trailer  do you like to troll and mess around :P lets run away together lol the more your parents become controlling the more they care about you it's just that they don't show that care properly . try to talk to them or just wait till you are grown enough to leave them ... no they're family they will probably be supportive instead of thinking of you as a burden lmafo , i'm studying business so i have a chance :P yes it is i want to be an artist but i'm afraid of regretting it later most art graduates found no job and are facing a lot of troubles the risks are massive those are my favorite hobbies too ! , especially the making music part i'm a violinist and a water color artist . it's just that i don't get to do what i want parents want me to study and no time ... i bet i have the same do because have to and i bet you hate them too . i want to know the ones you're passionate about what are your hobbies ? lol when you're asleep : crazy : anybody in a mood to chat ? lol this thread is funny the powers are too strong i'm attracted : frustrating : why u do dis i watched reboot like 5 five times and cried 5000 times : frustrating : it's still the most amazing i love the beautiful art works on deviantart so this thread is made to show off beautiful favourite paintings and art works of talented artists spring yuumei ... do you just do this on exhausting days ? i just re watched them all ! ! they still make meh cry so beautiful i always loved vocaloid and will always do . here is ... your profile picture isn't it the girl from just be friends ? 