' why exactly are some of you shy ? what are you self conscious about ? please , tell the whole world :p roud : gullibility does seem to be an issue for enfps ( as evidenced by thread responses ) . just out of curiosity though , why is this an especially sensitive topic ? are enfps concerned when their ... i am afraid you might need a bit of an attitude change here . what is the point of telling the brutal truth is someone just gets pissed off ? you didn't help them , you just made them upset and self ... baseball bat . i like to feel american while ass-whopping . only in enfp land would this be funny ( in the good way ) yea in the example with your male friend you were pretty mean . i can definitely see what you were trying to say when you said well , give yourself time , women are always settling for losers . what ... i am not really sure where you got this impression . enfp in my experience are completely o . k . with me stating my opinion in the manner i think about it . as long as i'm honest they either agree ... i'm an intj and i definitely feel the spark . i can't date someone who i don't feel it with . i won't be able to point my finger at exactly what is wrong but i just don't have anywhere near the ... ... you are easy to please if only someone had said earlier in the thread surely you don't mean all entjs i could have edited it . sigh i don't mean all entjs all become shity spouses ... sorry i thought that would be obvious . and no it's not me personally who is thinking i'm married so i'm done trying , but that is the mindset ... nobody ever changes demeanor after getting married ? really ? asking about relationships where one partner immediately begins putting in less effort after marrying ? seeing if anyone can relate to this mindset or have experienced something similar ? ... does this mean obvious judgments ( ie . you tell someone the number of people you have slept with and they call you a slut ) , or is it more subtle and maybe an underlining pattern of behavior ? i am very surprised by the reactions to this thread . you guys seem to be extremely sensitive . i guess i hit a pressure point here . i have yet to get a thorough answer , regarding entjs or ... [ quotethere's studies out there that show less than 10 % of communication in a conversation comes from the spoken words themselves . it doesn't take an enfp to understand non-verbals , it's just our ... some do , some don't . i am not sure about most . i definitely would not take being affectionate with your gf and your gf only as any sort of sign your not an intj . is that what you are thinking ? so , in translation you are so focused on one person you forget about the rest ? ? ? is that what you mean ? i am not saying you need to give everyone 100 % all the time . but a quick thought or two ... don't you think it has to be less ambiguous then that ? if someone isn't getting what your communicating , why don't you up the cues and maybe go verbal as well . communicating something that ... could i get a practical list or rant about what this would entail ? i mean , that's a pretty high expectation . luckily they are not that old . early to late 20 ' s . although the worst one is in his late 20 ' s and is married ... that made it especially shocking . at first i thought he just slipped up once or ... that lack of affection oftentimes get thrown out the window with the gf . this could not be farther from the truth . most often , people who are least qualified get promoted . i looovvve you guys ! ! ! 111 ! ! ! : laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing :: laughing : huggglles to you all ! : happy : as an add-on to the original op ( pinkrasputin pressured me into this ) . so you guys are trying to be nice , agreeable , and pleasant to be around with everyone you meet , right ? well to many this ... what do you guys ask for in exchange for your selfless giving of yourself ? if i am dating an infp how should i return the favor ? what are you guys looking for ? great appreciation ? is a similar ... so does love become your sole purpose when in a relationship , with all other activities coming second ? figuring out how to delete this message . lol , you got me . what i really mean by that is that the entj is spending much less time and quality effort with their spouse . in order to still keep them in line , they end up yelling and acting ... you guys give me faith that true love is possible . your top desire is to please your partner , and that is also what always has been my goal in a relationship . a commitment to put another ... an intj would be more then happy to have an overly affectionate enfp of the opposite sex go for broke and just act themselves and pursue them . we really do like it . being overly affectionate would ... yep that's what this mbti thing is all about . i like how nobody can talk about this subject at all , even if you don't do it yourself . speaking of which , what do you do yourself to be a good ... i have heard that infp relationships are more likely to be happy than any other type's relationships . why do you think this is ? what do you do and not do in a relationship that makes it work . yep , i've done something similar . we really do have that much trouble with our emotions . when young either we have to have years to think about things , or need a little ( read lots of ) ... i have noticed that entjs ( and probably some other types ) completely change after they are married . they seem to figure they have done all their work , and now they own their spouse . they become ... sounds like a male infj to me , and unpleasant , sorry . i think the male and female infjs are incredibly different . the infj women really fits nicely into society as they are caring , sensitive , ... i have to agree with this , unfortunately . estjs are not very compromising , they want to run the relationship and really just want you to go along for the ride . not to say they are bad partners , ... accidental post . no , but being yourself encourages this behavior . so yes , you are encouraging this behavior . your ok with keeping your mindset though . great , i just ask that you not be surprised . same ... enfps seem to have such trouble with this concept . if you act agreeable and positive that is perceived as a go-ahead signal . it doesn't really matter what your intent was . that was their ... that is also because your interested in people who are unique and seek to find them . unfortunately , unique isn't always a positive thing . you have to keep in mind that entjs don't understand their or others emotions , and are not very willing to take emotions seriously . therefore everything they do is directed towards their goals , ... we don't act civilized . the only one who really cares about happens about you , is you , and the only one you whose behavior you can adjust is your own . so what can you do to reduce some of these ... this is the worst post i have ever run across . seriously , it's completely useless . most of us don't provide positive feedback . we don't really understand how . also , we have feelings . how ... i've seen intps do this . in my opinion it is due to your interpretation of intelligence . i try and think of intelligence in spheres of strengths and weaknesses . for example , your smart in the ... you enfps find the weirdest people ... it's almost not believable the pieces you have to deal with . at least you seem happy . first of all , what is formspring ? some anonymous form classmates fill out on you ? i am guessing most ( or all ) of that information isn't true from your opinion . i wouldn't put too much credence ... i am not saying its your job . i am saying you usually know the situation , are easily able to change the situation , and doing so would emotionally help someone close ( hopefully ) to you . i would ... the only issue i have with entps are the super immature ones that endlessly argue pointlessly ... for instance , my engineering team had an entp , and he would consistently bash any suggestion i made ... huh ? name one instance where i confirmed much of what you said ? mine was the first post in this exchange . that's very true about subjectivity . for instance , i thought your post was ... '