' never tested for it , since there was no point . school i didn't do my work , i wanted less work not harder work , they wanted me to test a few times in elementary but i decided i didn't want to . this ... we would become the society from the giver . i actually opened the thread to chastise you on the use of a non-existent word . but i see you've beaten me to it . / slowclap well done , good sir , well done . i am disappoint . i was expecting some clever posts , but maybe that makes this thread win . intps are usually clever and oh-so original , so maybe the lack of is the non-intp value itself ? i like ... go on facebook . like a boss ! ! check your wall . like a boss ! ! post a comment . like a boss ! ! post this status update . like a boss ! ! close this tab . like a boss ! ! preposterous ! intp's do not use facebook . i can relate to everything you just put down . the only thing i'm now realizing is that i was scared of being alone at the end of my life , but i'm realizing now that there is a sort of bliss in ... now , i don't know about you other intps but i muse alot . and i love reading it too , so if you could all be so kind as to throw down some of your thoughts , any topic you want . i will warn everyone ... going to read over the other answers in a moment . i think god is an amalgamation and collection of ideas and virtues that were deemed ' socially acceptable ' at the time that christianity or any ... you walked into a situation where you didn't have to sign anything . hell , if you didn't sign anything then they don't have to pay you . ( other than the child labor laws ) you should have expected ... i am the living embodiment of a recluse . fitted with hot pockets , a computer , and a basement . well , okay , maybe not the last one or the first ... let's just say that when skyrim comes out i will ... no this is not a ' what are you currently listening to ? ' thread . this is distinctly different . current fixation : damn you , johnathan coulton . this ... ditto , comrade skeleton . welcome to the intp race , my friend . now just going to throw this out there , father's day , mother's day , and hell even birthdays are irrelevant . the first 2 are both hallmark holidays , and are ... any relationships that have failed , have been failed by me , when people get to close i push away . i have no negative associations , or rather i have not made a choice to or decided it was a bad thing ... so , the title isn't as serious as this thread . my question is this , is every intp completely broken to using emotions particularly happiness ? i have such a problem with emotions most notably , love ... i wish to never fall in love with some some girl in my dreams , then wake up and never see them again . / seriousface i wish i could actually focus myself and work on something without waiting ' till ... if i have to ask what you mean by ' that guy ' does that make me ' that guy ' ? the uhm ... couldn't care less ... about ... well , anything , i suppose . complete apathy is a gift and a curse , a curse of neglect , and a gift of oversight . 17240 this sums it up . alright , first of all i'll be blunt and honest . the way you say we intp and then stating a general trait of an intp so matter-of-factly is bugging me a bit . every person is different , mbti is ... bitches love my lego star wars at-at >:( now on topic , i enjoy anime and i'll watch it here and there . but i've never gotten over-zealous about it . i have a few manga , but that's it . i'm geekier ... i'm going on 24 hours of no sleep so i apologize in advance if this post is incoherent . one question . why try to be something you're not ? do you really feel the need to get laid by a girl who ... i'll have to confess i've had similar thoughts . but i also have to agree with the others , everyone possesses a i , e , n , s , t , f , p , and j function . but everyone also has a preference for which ones they ... i broke up with her . :p just coincidental . i am quite unhealthy , or rather i feel unhealthy . but nearly 3 months ago i had a ton of blood drawn , the only thing they found was a vitamin d deficiency . ( who would have guessed i didn't have ... i broke up with my infp girlfriend not too long ago . for multiple reasons - lack of communication , i don't much care for other people's problems except to provide insight and honesty . it's more of ... oh , wow . you showed me . thank you for ignoring me . let's see if you can resist getting the last word in . it's really a shame , so many intelligent people on this forum but people like you will show up ... this has almost certainly been posted before , if not here - if so , it deserves to be posted twice . thank you for questioning my opinion , your concern is noted . for future reference , when i say something like that i am leaving room for error . i'm welcome to have people correct me , but please ... nope , you're definitely an intp . trust me ... i go through the same thing . i could be wrong but i think it's a common trend among intp , i see people post about it alot . usually personality types ... ah oh i just remembered - okay , what ? ugh , i forgot . alright the - oh ! ! i remember ! ugh hold on - so i see youtube videos where i want something bad . this is pretty much a link dump thread for nerds . in case of zombie apocalypse , of course depending on whether or not they are running zombies ... that may or may not have been my ulterior motive ... but i do envy you ... it's a good watch , it just screwed me over at the finish ... yt video dump is done now . qfex 10 . though , i'm going to nitpick a little and offer debate . i would say religion is a creation of man , and man is fallible . so something man created determines our faith and destiny . some get ... ever see the truman show ? if you haven't , do not . it will screw you ... on point - still happens to me , i just rationalize it and try and come to terms ... i believe it's a form of paranoia . i've ... oh god , it can stream videos too ? mine just emits a crimson blade of light ... it's either or they're watching this . existential . questioning everything since ' 94 . ( may not necessarily be a good thing . ) i feel for you . and now that i'm agreeing with you i feel that people are going to judge me for agreeing with you for the sake of trying to appear as an intp , but just pointing that out i feel ... no , but let me be serious . this song always happens to me ... ugh . it's happening now even . excuse me i have something painful to do .  ... 16291 not surprised . i have to agree that types are generally 2 functions you use most often . but that's not to say fe and si don't ever come out or are not present . i mean i am a hard i but my e comes out once in ... ah , touche . you have bested me , and for that i award you + 1 internetz . spend it wisely ... ow . that hurts our feelings . ... see the irony here ? objection ! generally , i look at intps as being cold , hard , and raw in their opinions . i try to not sugar-coat anything because it stop the point from coming through . i usually help counsel friends in ... you're doing it wrong . on topic : i usually just throw on a podcast , red vs blue , or something i've seen a million times . then turn my back away from the computer / tv and try to drift . now to ... for the sake of argument , debate , or just to point out a few things you failed to consider yourself : i understand where you're going with the music forcing him to raise his voice . i don't think he ... '