' if you can , get your hands on tim ferriss ' four hour chef . lots of interesting information in it , but he starts with eggs ( cause they're easy ) and then walks you through making the best damn ... not officially , but i've been down this road before . last time it was a couple good years before i really got a grip on the constant headaches , but i was a kid and wasn't sent to any follow up ... meh . car accident . not my fault but get the worse end of the deal . as you do . :P recovering alright , though , i just get frustrated because it's slowing me down so much , mentally as well as ... brain injuries suck worse than bodily ones . two weeks out from a concussion and i'm still fighting headaches and dizziness at every turn . but as i sit stewing in the misery of softened acuity ... how many siblings do you have ? 3 gender / sex ? f , f , m age gap ? 9 , 7 , and 2 years are they older or younger than you ? all older how close is your relationship ? 1 - very . 2 - it fluctuates . 3 - ... i'm usually excited about the holiday season , but dammit , it's mid-november and i've got headphones in at starbucks so i don't have to listen to the irritatingly cheerful christmas music they're ... ehm . yeah . theory definitely says that a person tends to want to date someone within a couple points of their own perception on the attractiveness level . and men in particular prefer to date up ; i ... woman with terminal illness runs her last marathon | runner's world i'm not crying . i'm not having feels . i swear i'm not . if you figure it out , let me know . i'm currently with someone who's maybe a little younger , less established , not quite as gorgeous but smarter than i could have hoped . he doesn't fit all my ... hmm ... not a bad idea . know any ? ;) many of my friends are complaining about this . i hate the movement ... but hell , forget playing the opposing grinch . they want christmas on their cups , dammit , i'll give them merry christmas in my ... i find myself warring with this internally quite often , actually . i have friends who have minimal travel experience or interest , who's greatest aspiration in life is parenthood and home ownership , ... haha true enough - and i'm finding that enfps have a weird penchant for incredibly tiny details . i've had more than one in the last few months tell me about this or that side project they've been ... way to go ! also , i love the snoopy happy dance . i used to have the music on my phone to play whenever i decided my life needed a little more built in soundtrack . i should do that again ... i've ... spent the day with my enfp . listened to nerdy movie soundtracks , watched nerdy movies , he explained laws of fluid dynamics , i performed a few of my favorite arias ... seriously , how does an enfp get ... i don't think i'd probably leave him behind ... he's in a very strange place now , but working things out and i have a strong feeling given 3 years and the slightest encouragement , he's gonna be wiping ... action ... meet consequence . not saying he's in the right ... don't know the specifics or how long it's been or what .. just noting that trust is a lot harder than no but really this time i'm ... duuude ... i've been an old lady since i was 15 . i'm just finally getting old enough that fewer people are judging me for it . don't you start . :P that's awesome ! i have decided to make it my personal goal to introduce people to all the cool different ways one can be active and athletic . too many people are like ughhh i don't like working ... female entj type 3 here , recently totally not dating enfp probably type 7 . i love that he isn't scared of my enthusiasm for things and is super excited to learn and do things out of the ordinary ... msbossypants i'm coming to your place next year ... i drank hard cider and sang disney duets with my friend while wrapped in a sheet . ( we were the muses from disney's hercules ... ) didn't buy any ... that awful , awful moment when you design a beautiful business card ... get the opinions of your usual business and brainstorming partners ... it looks beautiful , it has a great tagline , they're all for ... romance entanglements . love triangles unknowingly created by a wanna be helpful friend . eff . who locked the liquor cabinet ... careful what you say around here . it only takes a couple words for me to get the urge to start encouraging a person who needs to start getting off their butt ... haha i got myself up into a ... i've known a couple introverts who consider time spent with me introvert time . one an intp , one infp . the infp and i used to just drive to a park or somewhere and sit with our books for half the ... to absolutely nobody's surprise , the first night i watched it i decided to see how good my back bends are . i used to be able to roll up backwards quite remarkably , but i'm out of practice . it's hard ... my feelings for you , dear canis , have nothing to do you with your looks . :P as the ankle gets stronger and i'm less terrified of coming down on it , i'm putting a little more of my strength and ... aaaand having just purchased a bottle of it over the weekend , i remember why it's been so long since i invested . i don't think this fits the criteria of not being pure poison . yikes . still . just ... haha yeah . but then i know an estp who's been doing freelance work for nasa with the intent of becoming quite literally , a rocket scientist . a little bouncing between e / i seems to change the life ... i . love . dvorak . that whole era of nationalist composers and their contemporaries is pretty much my favorite of everything ever . i mean mozart is great and all , but have you heard the moldau ... show off . ;) meanwhile , i have a new life goal . obsessed with this video / woman . yup . stunning . grappa ? i can't make any specific brand rec's as i've never had it in the states , but it's good stuff , in my recollection . i'm truly sorry to hear that . different sbux have different vibes depending on locales and offerings . i've found one with a largely business crowd-work meetings or free lancers or sometimes , crochety ... fascinating . stand up against your ideas . don't take crap . good idea reflectors . in my experience , have a bad habit of the knight in shining armor , so they want a squishy sf . when they've spent their ... fun fact ; when howie left the company a few years back , they introduced food and ovens . when he came back as ceo because the company can't function without him , first thing he said was get rid of ... cool ! i'm super paranoid to try the bench press , tbh . i read something once about someone dropping it on their throat and destroying their larynx . haha . so i've never gone beyond just the bar . :P ... i was once told that one of my best traits is i permit people to be a little arrogant about themselves . they feel safe coming to me saying they're going to go for this or that opportunity because ... yeah , i like a strong man , sure - i am very tall and dense , and enjoy being carried about like any dainty young flower ... hahaha . but it kinda makes me mad when people ask specifically for a man's ... you make a good point . most entjs i've encountered tend to think of their workouts in terms of functional training for ... something . even if it's just a healthier , stronger approach to day to day ... well , same principle applies to both . cajole and persuade , never force . ;) what do i know though , istps are in short supply around here . the one i do know responds best to reverse psychology ... why ... never eradicate the ti-doms . only subjugate . god knows i need you people to pay attention to the tiny ... tiny ... details i keep overlooking . ;) planks ( standard , backward , and side ) and push ups made a huge difference . rowing , too - dumbbell rows if you don't have a rowing machine . plus - i don't know the name of them , but basically , on a ... mr canis i wanna know your numbers cause i like goals ... ;) i have two friends who have started as beach body coaches and i guess the new thing is private 7 day challenge / accountability groups ? so ... that's fair . and i'm not saying it can't be useful to be willing to take an outside look at what might be a malicious or deeply unhealthy pattern . i just get uncomfortable when the first reaction to ... i find it interesting how many people in this sub-forum have the knee jerk instinct to tell someone who's so is being slightly less than perfect to just leave them . maybe my reading comprehension ... so for hyper mobility ... do you do any upper body work ? my hips / legs have never been much of an issue , but if i don't consistently keep my core strong and engaged , i end up with ridiculous back pain , ... story of my life . :P i used to be shy about it because isfjs call it getting carried away and think i'm overwhelming and ridiculous . i finally just accepted that the ones with a problem are just ... buahaha whoops . sorry , msbossypants . in my defense , i'm talking purely hypothetical situations here ... mr canis give me a bit , i'll let you know . whoo ! thanks for doing this canis ! i was never the skinny kid , quite the opposite in fact . i never paid it much mind - i worked out here and there , was never super out of shape ... but then college ... this makes me feel ... better ? about the amount of ridiculously high abv beer i've been drinking under the pretense of enjoying the seasonals . hah . yesterday was my first completely dry day in a ... '