' when you feel bad for using one spoon after you picked up the other one cuz the first spoon is going to feel bad about itself . when you can find 100 reasons to love / admire / respect somebody awful ... yes . to all of this . everytime i hear about the stereotypical idea of infp's i go ... where in the hell are ppl even getting this from ? what infp are they basing that bs off of because thats 180 ° ... omg all the time ! this is the stuff that keeps me up some nights lmao i understand where you're coming from . i'm polite and friendly in a distanced way , and can be charming when i need to be . for the most part i stay cool with the rest of the world and stick to myself ... omfg i choked whaaa ? ... tl , dr but pretty funny . most days i can just barely tolerate people . yeah i'd even go so far as to say 50 % of people make me feel like smashing something . dunno how old you are but you must be early twenties like me , yes ? yes it's rough in the beginning but you get a system down , i live alone , work and pay rent like you and whereas i don't have a total ... i may be silent , and just seethe . ( rare . ) you'll probably get the look of total death , lol . catty , snarky commentary . intense sarcasm . yelling if it gets bad enough . i usually leave before it gets ... i grew up in a strict christian environment . i guess i could be what's called a preacher's daughter . i embraced my beliefs as hard as i could but i felt empty and my questions about life went ... yeah ... after i say no , i sometimes can't stop feeling guilty and unsure about it like ... should i have just said yes ? then i yell at myself for being weak and forgetting i should stand up and look ... omg ! ! i lol'ed . i guess i could list some of the things i can bring personally , since i don't know many other infp's irl . 1 ) unconditional love and understanding / acceptance . i can love you no matter who what when ... omg . couldn't have put it better myself . i wouldn't say this applies to every infj , but i have experienced every word of this . i agree that it's bogus that there is some ... interesting claim ... omgosh yes . the trying to seem pleasant when you're thinking terrible , violent hateful things inside for every person you meet . the rude customers i have no problem being a flatout bitch to ... i think it's probably more normal for you , i'm an infp and have a similar problem :/ i think maybe you just haven't encountered anything that really moves you in a long time ? this is a problem i also have . i work in retail with hundreds of customers a day and its so draining . when i make a promise to call or hang out with somebody when i get home ? i just want to cry cuz i ... worst most helpless feeling ever , i've been there before . pffft . : 3 yes ! i've taken college classes and lessons from japanese speakers but i never did become fluent . i love the language . same with spanish . i was born into an english speaking family but learned ... oooo way cool ! ! i'd love to try it , i know it'd scare me at first , but i really want to know what i'd see / smell / hear / feel when everything else falls away and there's no distracting noise . yeah sindarin and quenya do sound kinda cool , but i love the dwarvish language :D khuzdul ( lotr nerdtalk hehe ) omg ... i feel the cringe , my friend . totally feel that cringe . estj . infj . infp . haven't met all the types yet . think before sleeping i felt like crap for continuing to fall asleep in a skype call with a friend , i kept speaking total nonsense . upon waking it was just : ughhh ... fuck . fml . haha . rest of the ... not yet , but you're awesome for being a fellow korra fan <3 i know , as a result i have like , no life haha . i wish i was the kind of person who found being around people constantly really refreshing rather than a total drain because life would be muuuch ... i'm infp and i freaking hate people most days . i work in a job where i'm surrounded by hundreds of people wanting 5 things at once and whenever anybody talks to or looks at me it just feels like ... also love that indigo blue / violet color :p beautiful alright so after reading everyone's , i've decided what the hell , why not . so from a combination of movies and books there's : severus snape . ironman . wolverine . heathcliff ( i know , i must ... infp here , but yea it does . tacos . yep . i mean to some degree we care what people we care about think of us , and it upsets you to hear strangers say rude things that aren't true , but in the end : 1 ) they're stupid , irrelevant , just ... cuz the bills aren't gonna pay themselves , sadly ! D: i hate things about people , but mostly i see ass hat's as misguided idiots and feel sorry for them . and just hope they just stay the hell away from me . if i actually hate you , you've truly gotta be ... deep blood red , burgundy , dark purple . earthy green , gold . everyone is psychic , i think . some are more developed i think . a lot of us see and experience things and just dismiss it . sun in aquarius , moon in capricorn . taurus rising . my chart is very earth and air heavy . chinese sign is metal horse , the sign for my mental animal is tiger ( forget element . ) my true inner animal ... bigtime . never ever telling who . no , just ... not everyone's cup of tea . i'm really not into softie , overly sensitive guys . to me it's kind of ... blech . but to each her own . i think a lot of infp women would be a great match for a ... oh my god do i love to cook . yeeep . only every person i ever speak to for more than 3 minutes . first they get into their life story . i honest to god listen , i really do . people are interesting . i nod my head , respond where ... yes , very often . it freaks me the hell out . i need to become friends with you first , period . like i cannot develop a relationship with somebody i have no well established friendship with first . i ... sexy , manly guy hands / strong arms that look like they could pick me up easily . a sexy voice . a guy that smells like clean laundry . a beautiful smile . a sexy , playful attitude , self confidence , ... learning . i honestly can never tell how much of it is bs or not , so i kind of ignore it . good for them . i don't mind being an oreo . i'm half black and half white , but very light skinned , so i refer to myself as more of an uh-oh oreo . what bugs me is everybody thinking i'm latina and speaking spanish ... he's ... been crashing at yours for 3 months ? is he actively looking for work and / or a place ? it's totally within your right to be like : look man , we really ( ahem ) like you and everything and we ... yes . i love to help people and to sit and listen and be a shoulder to cry on , it makes me feel good , and useful . but sometimes with some people it gets to be a bit much . like there's that person who ... '