' bad things happen . mostly a feeling of intense awkwardness followed by the knowledge that i must look like a fool . i try to avoid dancing since i'm not naturally talented at it . though i have ... dear friend who shall remain nameless . i don't care what ruki from the gazette is doing right now . so please stop telling me you annoying person . sincerely me . your friend . who doesn't care . all i know is my best friend is an enfp ... and oh boy is she wonderful . xd i also like intp's for their intelligent conversations and their just general wonderful-ness . i just get annoyed with people . not particularly because of their actions or the topic of conversation , just their mere presence irritates me . right this very moment i'm sat in the living room with ... 1 . i harbour an irrational hatred of being touched by other peoples feet . 2 . i am a perfectionist ... but i'm so lazy sometimes i just don't bother . 3 . a lot of the time i want to slap my friends ... first off ... i like men who aren't still cavemen . i also like guys with long hair . and yes ... i do think that men should wear guyliner ... or become matthew gray-gubler , either way . i've read the first one , to be honest the quality of the writing leaves much to be desired , so i didn't continue reading it . you'll enjoy the first episode of the 3rd season , eric is naked the ...  okay ... so i have a really long list of hot anime guys ... but as soon as i'm asked to put them in the form of a list they all run away and i can't remember them ... but here goes ... for your enjoyment and ... if you must ... * shudders * make sure you're clean first ... and wearing a full body suit ... i don't want any skin on skin contact ... your optimistic attitude may be contagious . i think he'd be a mix of intp and intj ... lots of people think he's an intp , but then lots of people think light yagami was an intj ... which doesn't seem right . i know , i was distraught when that ... yes ... that was exceedingly girly . i have to say their constant need to discuss intellectual topics makes my head hurt sometimes lol . other than that he is rather wonderful :p roud : yup ... probably why i'm currently with an intp , intellectual conversations are what he does best . : laughing : oh and i totally meant slapping in the face as regards to sheldon cooper ... but it depends on if he can interest me in anything he is interested in ... if he can manage that it'd probably be ' i'd hit ... ohhh ... eric northmann * ¬ * i agree ... he's beautiful . i think i meant punching / poking in the face as regards to sheldon ... but both options don't sound too bad . as for anime characters .. don't even get me started ... grell in kuroshitsuji , l in ... drazirahc heh ^ ^ right now i'm reading ' violin ' by anne rice , its about ghosts and the power of music . its really good , i'm used to reading her vampire chronicles , but this makes a nice change , i can't put it down ! the ninja guy in this movie is making me girly ... he's so hot ... and ninja-like ... it's insane . japanese / chinese guys make me girly . yes , this is exactly what i'm talking about ! no means no . people do not understand this ! : angry : i also pretend to drink the little cola bottle shaped haribo ... and once i tried to whip my friend with a strawberry lace ... sweets bring out my inner child . my nerd friends want me to start playing ... i'd probably want to hit him at some point if i met the character himself , but i do find him strangely attractive . ^ ^ i am basically like ... 100 % behind you on this ... that last guy was in ' inception ' right ? i remember him ... i also liked the man who played arthur in that film . spencer makes me feel all girly , ... if i want something it's got to be something useful . i'd lean towards manga or anime dvd's or maybe clothes if i can choose them , vouchers are good too , especially amazon vouchers ! i played with my stormtrooper gun ... and put haribo rings on all of my fingers before eating them ... does this count as childish ? i also play a lot of video games ... i tend to find that i can cope with social interaction for about a day , and then i need a few days of solitude to recover , at college i tend to plug into my ipod and just phase out the people around ... something that pisses me off is when people tell me ' ohh you'll love it ! ' or something of that nature , my step-nan especially says this a lot , i hate it when people assume that i will like something ... something that really pisses me off is english people who can't speak english . i have a pronounciation issue , especially when it comes to my infp friend . currently the backing track in abby's office on ncis ... i have no idea what it is . hugging is something i have learnt to accept , though i don't particularly enjoy the experience , there is only a small amount of people i will willingly hug back . i don't think this makes me a mean ... oh ... and grell sutcliff from kuroshitsuji ? he's clearly and exfx ... not sure about the other two though ... : s anyone know the types of the main d.gray - man characters ? my friends and i have a bet on and i don't like to loose . thanks ! ! ! talking to people i don't know , forced conversations where i'm expected to speak for long periods of time . eye contact makes me feel awkward . people asking me questions about myself . shop ... that is beautiful ! thanks for sharing such an amazing piece of art ! ian francis ... and dali's ' christ of st john of the cross ' ... miyavi-what's my name ? i haven't been to the states but i know that in england there are different types of open admiration , the wolf-whistling loud-mouthed kind , the heckling and the one you described . i am blind to the ... of course , it's very scholarly indeed , and vintage too , and as for the glasses , i actually like wearing mine , though i'm looking forward to getting rid of my old ones and getting my new red frames . ... well i do have a strange obsession with glasses , i'll have to try this one out . complete with satchel i hope ? i can't go anywhere without my satchel , and some wonderfully old hardback book of poetry ... the first opening track to the d.gray - man anime ... i have no idea what its called . weirdly enough yes i do ! last year i wore a school uniform ( loveless : akame youji ) i really wanted to go as nisei from the same series however my friends thought his outfit ( black trousers , black ... yes and no . i do dress in what some call ' boring ' clothes , plain colours : black , grey , muted blues and reds . however i have a special love of the colour red , i don't like wearing it too much ... '