' yes , i'm glad you guys noticed that - it was a mistake : ninja : oh my gosh , a real life canadian ! * grabs one of your hairs for research * : ninja : sorry about that , where are my manners ? hello and welcome to perc purpun ! it's nice to meet you . i'm jay :) lycanized istp i'm an isfj , fe-dom . when someone is unjustifiably yelling at me i will remain silent and just wait for the person's barrage of nonsense to end . after the intense attack i will usually feel hurt ... hello and welcome , audrey ! :) i'm often considered a bit of a dweeb because i enjoy work . it goes with the feeling of being needed , i suppose ? it's not necessarily that i find it fun or exciting , i just like being busy and ... i say work what you've got , gasaraki . there are pros and cons to every function . don't spend all your time and energy trying to change . anyways , almost forgot : welcome to the forum ! : kitteh : hello and welcome to the forum shimmering softspoken 1 i'm a pretty good conversationalist :D i can't really say noises annoy me more than the next fella - but . big butt . i can completely relate to what jehneefur wrote . i also can't stand anyone messing with my hair or touching my stomach . ... what about ' em ? ;) if this is a who's your personal favorite captain ? question it's janeway . : blushed : please don't kill me x_x i use essential oils , i have a pretty big collection going . it's awesome because they have so many practical uses . i would have to say my favorite is sandalwood . it's such a calming and clean ... aw thanks . i'm glad someone thinks so . :) thank you for the welcome , bear 987 . hello and welcome kaitew i'm also pretty new here . i hope to see some of your contributions here soon :D i completed high school and i am currently enrolled in college studying veterinary medicine . 2 years left , then off to vet school . close-mindedness . lacking in the confidence department - i like it when a guy isn't afraid to take control , speak his mind or point out problems that should be addressed . clingy / neediness . privacy ? what is this privacy you speak of ? :) hello , audreygail i'll have to look into it then i'll share my thoughts . hello , jubilees ! :) i took multiple courses in psychology while in college ( it's not my major , though ) i find it very interesting ! perhaps you would be willing to share your knowledge of the subject ... hello and welcome to perc , synergex ! :D it's definitely interesting stuff to look into and learn about . have fun in the forum ! :D sell some junk you no longer need / use on ebay ! :) have a garage sale ? babysit ? :D hello and welcome to the forum bagelsan ! lurk and absorb all you'd like . it would be interesting to have your input on certain topics , though , i'm sure . so don't be shy ! : happy : welcome , 997 . i'm new here as well . i'm interested by that idea as well ... i hope we can find more information on this ! : shocked : hello , fellow isfj ast and welcome to the forum ! hello and welcome , rozza ! i'm new here as well , so we can both feel intimidated together lol . hello and welcome to the forum , bacon . mmm bacon . i love bacon . hey , mountmiles ! i wish you all the best on your journey to discovering more about yourself . :) hello and welcome bennantg ! it's nice to meet you . :) i'm glad you were able to discover your true type ! :) hello and welcome to the forum celestial_booger . let me just say : i love your name and your siggy . :) hello and welcome to the forum , poeteop . it is super neat and there are lots of fun discussions and cool people here . except for mr . cafebot . you have to watch out for him . ;) hello , hahawhatyesno welcome to the forum . be careful where you poke . : shocked : hello and welcome ! :) hello and welcome ! what's your college major ? ( if you don't mind me prying ... ) :') hello and welcome ! enjoy your stay . :') howdy , wishey and welcome ! it's nice to meet you . this is certainly a great place for learning more in regards to mbti and meeting great people :D it's the same story for me . i actually hadn't realized how much of a community existed for mbti enthusiasts . it's just wonderful meeting others who share this type of interest . anyways , back to ... hello , friend ! and welcome to the party , aka personality cafe . haha enjoy yourself and have fun in the forums :D hello and welcome ! lucky for you there are plenty of resources online that you can utilize to further expand your knowledge of mbti . i wish you all the best , chtoffee ! xo hi , justin . i'm jay . it's nice to meet you ! i , too , am new to this site . have fun and i hope to hear more from you in the near future . :p roud : hey , all ! i'm jay . :) i was introduced to mbti in a high school psychology class and was immediately intrigued and spent many hours studying the types and functions . it wasn't until recently ... '