' hello ! i currently live on the east coast of virginia , in the complete middle of nowhere . i have to drive at least an hour to see a good concert ... and being an avid music lover and aspiring ... these are a couple of songs i did with the house band at a local country show :  i hope to have some more ... i'm the same way . i hate birthdays . mainly because i've never been much for parties and celebrating and whatnot . also because i criticize myself every year for not having done more with my life . i'll give you a word of advice ... do not become front-of-house manager at a very chaotic restaurant . not a good job for an infp . o . o apologies if i'm repeating artists ... i can't be bothered to read through all 57 pages lol . ryan adams - i think he's an infp . i can relate to so much of his music - and he has a ton of music ! if ... hi ! i added you as a friend :) is your username from the song ? i love to travel , but most of my travels are centered around bluegrass music , which is mostly an american thing . i also don't want to get on a plane ... so i really have no grand desire to travel the ... still a teenager , but just barely . lol . i did 4 - h for most of my teenage years ... horses , not livestock . competitive hunter / jumper . loved the horses , hated the interacting with a bunch of other ... yes , i am often told i need to put myself out there more etc . when i'm around more outgoing , assertive people , it bothers me a lot . however , when i'm with people who understand it , it doesn't ... i'm terrible at typing people , but my dad and i ( infp ) are a lot alike ... except he's an extrovert . he and i have always gotten along great . we play music together and can go on long drives without ... the avett brothers - i and love and you mumford and sons - sigh no more the infamous stringdusters - things that fly cadillac sky - letters in the deep sarah jarosz - follow me down punch brothers - ... i worked , went to a wedding , and made peanut butter cheesecake . eastern united states . i would be up for this ! i never get mail and i like writing letters . :) i'm definitely clumsy ! i'm constantly walking into walls , tripping over my own feet , awkwardly catapulting my fork across the restaurant when i go out to eat ... sigh . you're certainly not alone . it's a quote from mumford and sons - i know my call , despite my faults and despite my growing fears . i thought it fit me . hi there ! :) i'm planning a summer road trip . it's going to be my first time driving cross-country , and i'm way excited . however , i need a little bit of advice as far as my route and things to do ... i can talk forever about music , specifically bluegrass . i'm a waitress , and it's a bad habit of mine to get to talking music with someone and completely forget about other customers / things i'm doing ... i have the same problem ... i overthink everything , and after i do something i have to overanalyze it ... especially if it's something stupid / embarrassing . :/ i'm really good with managing my money . then again , i don't think i would be good at it if i was managing , say , a business . my personal stuff i can keep up with ... but i don't feel like i need a ... charlie from the perks of being a wallflower luna lovegood from harry potter super cliche , but true . :P i'm sort of new to the mbti still ... i only guessed he was an infp because of how closely i feel i relate to him . i'm really bad at typing people i'm just curious ... would you mind elaborating as to ... oh , and what about marcus mumford from mumford and sons ? pecan turtle trail ice cream . mmmm . ryan adams ? i've never used them ... i find them immature at times . also , i'm really , really slow at catching them most of the time . coworkers use them a lot and occasionally i get it but most of the time i'm ... i'm naturally not assertive at all , but there are exceptions when it comes to things i'm passionate about . for example , try to correct me on a fact about the music i love and i will become assertive ... i love to sing ! i always have a song stuck in my head . i enjoy math and am quite good at it ... however , i would never consider a career in it . fear of boring desk jobs and all that . that's how i feel about it too ... i've never particularly liked kids or had any inclination to have any . people are constantly telling me that my feelings will change as i get older but i really ... my favorite color is turquoise . it's just always been ... punch brothers - movement and location i've just never liked kids ... and i'm a wanderer by nature and i want to play music for a living . i don't want to be tied down by anything . i'm single , and unsure if i want to get married ... but if i do , i am 100 % sure that i don't want kids . i would love to do that someday ! it's always been a goal of mine . i often think about just getting in my car and driving off somewhere , with no real destination . i love wandering , and i do it a lot - ... this is all real by chris thile . i'm not particularly affectionate ... as a general rule , i don't touch people and i'm put off by some people who are overly touchy . that doesn't mean i never want to touch / be touched ... i'm just sort ... sitting around with a guitar , alternating between practicing , scrolling through the internet , and listening to the goat rodeo sessions . i'm an infp , and my favorite color is turquoise ... or blue , to simplify things . i have really regular , boring brown eyes and i'm an infp . i'm an infp and i have 154 friends . i wouldn't have nearly that many if a lot of them weren't music folks . some of them i don't talk to / know very well but i know through playing music . waiting for my clothes to get dry and making gluten-free mac and cheese ... and typing . i'm mostly a fan of acoustic music ... bluegrass and newgrass are my first loves , but i also love indie folk and folk rock and the like . some of my favorite bands / artists are the lonesome river band , ... i'm an infp , and i definitely have messy hair ! i get annoyed if i have to fool with it for very long to make it look right ... so i keep it cut pretty short , and i like it looking a little messy ... i work at a small specialty restaurant ... before that , i worked in a sandwich shop / ice cream place . at work , i've always been really focused . i can get a lot of things done at once and can keep track ... * ice cream * playing music * long drives * singing * plaid * the color turquoise * notebooks * reading * banjos * looking back on good memories i know a couple of people who are interested in personality types and the mbti . one of which is my best friend , a fellow infp . she's the one that introduced me to it ... we're the same type , and we're ... that was really cool ! thanks for sharing . i liked it because it was really cool and unique , and also they all sing really well . hmm , interesting ... i'm an infp , so it's close , but not exact ... your type is entj extraverted intuitive thinking judging strength of the preferences % 78 25 38 1 i've never thought about the possibility of being an empath ... i'm not even entirely certain what that is , but i do feel similarly a lot of the time . i'm highly sensitive to other people's feelings ... '