' i'm a hardcore infp and i actually do well in the engineering field . i get to use my creativity , coming up with tons of ideas on how to approach all the technical problems , and i feel i add an ... forsakenme this is such a great article . i didn't bookmark it before , and now i have been searching for it so i could re-read it ! :D but it's so sad that the infp-enfj picture has disappeared ... wow . that was touching to read . must be the best thing you ever could do - make tea , sit close to him , and not saying anything ( no irony intended , i really mean this ) . - i have such a difficulty ... i just realized something that's both ironic and a bit sad at the same time . the situation where i feel the strongest desire and need to have someone really close to me , is also the situation ... for nf girls only : so before i start , i could say that i'm not a bit ashamed of being sensitive and emotional - it's one of my biggest strengths , and i would never even think about trying to ... telepariah : i wish i could help you in some way .. you have done so much and shown an admirable patience and love . i can really feel how difficult it has been for you to not get your dreams respected , ... logic is often insufficient to help a lonely and hurt person . logic tends to value results and knowledge higher than other people's emotions . the effect of this is that many ' strong leaders ' and ... i'd go for love - not a single doubt in my mind ! :) * i may mention my ninja ambitions 2 or 3 times , and if i conclude that you don't understand / care i will never bring it up again ( unless you ask me about it ) . it would feel very nice to find a person ... i feel sorry for the civilians . and i feel sorry for the soldiers . every death in a war is a tragedy . even the nazi soldiers were real people with real dreams and a real value . a bomb that ... what i say : wow ! ! that's amazing ! what i mean : that's so freaking awesome .. seriously .. that made a life-long impression on me and i will be dancing on clouds for days now . but if i show you how ... i love this forum so much . thanks for sharing , everyone ! : kitteh : a perfect description ! i think i have experienced the same thing , but i can't remember what the color was like . i can also become captivated by trees . sometimes i disappear when i'm walking with ... this is the fourth time it happens . i'm eating cereals before going to sleep , and suddenly time stops for me when i realize how beautiful the spoon is . it's nothing more than an ordinary spoon , ... mercantilists , pacifists , academists science and education will hopefully create a visionary nation well prepared for the uncertain future . pacificist since i want the world to be free from ... this thread made me think . sometimes i wonder if i would like to get back to my ignorant and ' innocent ' state , the person i was before i knew about mbti . but i just realized that i've been typing ... padmé amidala in star wars episode ii . * smiles * coming in late , all the real girls have already been taken .. i'm a bit attracted to the little girl squirrel in the sword in the stone . she is cute , and she believes in lifelong romance ! ... without warning , my intuition suddenly generates a random thought that is completely offensive to me . when my inner voice starts to verbalize the thought the following conversation arises : ... talking about invisibility made me remember when i was in third grade ( 10 years old ) . the whole class was planning a surprise for our teacher ( she was about to retire ) and we were standing together ... jasmine your last post brought tears to my eyes . thank you ! ! ! i hope you realize that we are searching for women who are like you . * nf group hug * hahaha . couldn't help myself . ;D hmm . i'm thinking about lad and jasmine ( although i have a vague memory that lad already has a so ) . reason : jasmine seems to have such a sweet personality , and lad seems to be both imaginative and ... infp is like a bird . it will sit alone in its tree and tirelessly sing for you from a safe distance all day and all night . if you put out birdseeds it will get excited and cautiously approach ... maybe someone will find this interesting . i recently got a revelation about ne . it's a thing i have known about myself for at least 10 years ( long before i discovered mbti ) . the thing is ... hello there . i just stepped out from the secure infp forum to ask you a little question . hope it's okay . :) how do you ( infjs ) personally like adventures , travelling and going out on idealistic ... fairy dust : i'm extremely afraid of debates and defending opinions ( infp trait - i can get trapped in fi-si-loops ) . so i try to answer your questions with some i believe-points . maybe that makes ... stamina of love . that is a fascinating wording ( in a positive way ) . thank you again for this thread . it made me realize another aspect of god's multifaceted love . it is both about stamina and ... thanks for the good questions . i try to elaborate , and feel free to ask again if there's still something unclear . :) love towards the son of god ( worshiping god in various ways ) , is the basis ... interesting thoughts . it did perfect sense to me . i try to respond based on what i believe : the holy land is the place free from misery , loneliness and the constant cycle of hurting others and ... why being me ( male infp ) is difficult : there's so much inside me . so many dreams and visions and passions and longing for connection and so much life . but no one can see it . and if they can see it , ... you are optimistic you're the type of person who's always excited about the future . you think good things are in store for you ! you hope that big things are to come , and you embrace change ... this sounds so beautiful ! i like the idea of going after your dreams without forcing everything to be ' perfect ' . ( because in 10 years , when you may have the money that's needed , you may have found ... absolutely ! ! not only do i lose myself completely , starting to rock violently and doing all kinds of awkward movements . after a while , tears often flow from my eyes . i don't know why i cry so much ... thanks for writing this . i can relate . sometimes , in an attempt to connect with people , or in an attempt to describe my inner visions , i create a projection of my true inner self . this may not be ... this is how the poem relates to me : i am so often swept up in my internal world . always seeking my passions . i love them more than anything . but sometimes i turn around and realize that there is ... i get strong scores for 3 , 4 and 5 and can relate to all of them . especially 4w3 , 3w4 , 4w5 and 5w4 . when i first did an enneagram i was amazed on how accurate those four descriptions were ( and i ... score : 30 10char i can relate to everything in your post . i'm also a 24 - year old infp christian , and i struggle to find out how to reach my dreams despite my introversion . i'm 100 % sure that we can change our ... first . this post is not about supernatural abilities or spiritual gifts . ( we could open another thread for that ) . i remember that someone on this forum wrote that we infp have the uncanny ... wounded bird i know exactly what you're talking about , i've been in quite a few fi-si-loops myself and i'm deadly afraid of them because they can drain me of all my energy and last for more than 6 ... let's see ... individualist . don't follow the crowd . novel ways of living . challenge the norm . don't trying to be popular or trendy ... how does this explanation prove that introverts are not ... - i don't find you attractive , but don't take it personal . - you know , you're really annoying when you do that thing , but don't take it personal . - i have found that your personality is not compatible ... that little p . s . may not be the intention though . it's not impossible that he'd be happy to see that you're still there when he returns from his extroverted mania . that is , if he is like me . :) thirdarcade i am very different from your infp , since i haven't had any previous relationships . but for me : i sometimes feel a bit ' ashamed ' about my introversion . like : gah , i've been lonely ... i agree with your post . yeah . it regularly happens that i see a girl who is completely stunning . she could be a model , an actress , anything . but when she begins to speak , ... please don't see this as an attack . i'm only curious to hear your answer . :) would it be equally unacceptable to reject someone based on ( percieved lack of ) intelligence , temper , opinions etc ? ... hope my last post didn't appear bragging . i just wanted to say that i believe it's possible for infps to be exceptionally good at public performances . i think that nf is a great combination for ... i'm a hardcore infp . still , i believe i can be very charismatic and that i have the ability to give killer speeches to lots of people . at least people tell me this all the time . not that i would ... '