' i have many social screw ups . none of them funny though , mostly mentally traumatizing . our talents are probably used more in the real world , and not these forums of trolling fun . put all these minds together in a semi-anonymous online place and it quickly turns into trolling and ... i would like a rainbow colored cat wearing a fedora . my expectations are high . i just got back from a trip to the outside . during said trip , i was disturbed by a screaming toddler complaining about something . thing sounded like a banshee . lawd , i confess my sin of wanting ... not knowing what to do and having no concrete goals is all part of adulthood . none of us really know what we're doing or why . some wing it and others get lucky and works towards something they like ... i only find weight lifting somewhat tolerable / enjoyable and i try to stay on a routine . i cannot stand cardio ( i . e . gasping for air and feeling like i'm about to die ) . how did you not include the mystery of goofy being a human-like dog , and pluto being a dog and acting the part ? but when i was younger , i never deeply thought about cartoons . now , i'm a bit ... me when the sun is blasting down sunshine and heat : i burn easily due to my lack of melanin , so the sun ... anhedonic person chiming in : nothing . my non-depressing answer : i feel a bit more content when i'm just discussing random things with people i prefer to be around . i decided years ago that the meaning of life is to find that which makes you not want to die ( i . e . finding things that are meaningful to you for whatever reason ) . that or we're just here to ... i prefer a bit of overcast and clouds because then i don't burn under the blistering sun . and the lighting tends to be more cooler , which i like better than reflecting golden sunshine rays . my thanks received and thanks given ratio isn't 1:1 and that bothers me . 529594 for those who remember me , i changed a lot . i tried to smile . i was that quiet kid who the teachers would pair up with the overly talkative kid to get them to shut up . sooo , nope , i've never been seen as hyperactive when talking . i do get excited when talking ... blade & soul and limbo . limbo is the most dreary looking game and its puzzles are frustrating as heck . i love it ! as a youngun , i wanted to be an accountant because i loved math and balancing my mom's checkbook . now i have no idea what i want to do with my life and i see a dismal future if i don't decide . week 2 of boyfriend's bmt training and i don't know what to do with myself anymore . but apparently even the most emotionally frigid of people can break down during these 2 weeks , so that makes me ... ayyyoo someone remembered me . now i feel all special and stuff . i like how it's unsurprising that my last post was cat related . now i'm obligated to leave this here : ... i completely approve of this thread . these are my furry children : first up , muffin ( aka mr . moose , muffikins , moosh , moo-moo ) 202410 he could stare into your soul . and i'm sure this is the ... we have too many stickied threads . this was so fun to make and i'm so proud ! i was inspired by a short story that my friend wrote : forewarn masked ... my mom self-identifies as a mormon , and she tried to instill their beliefs onto me and my sister when we were younger . she failed . but , to this day , i don't eat or drink many things with caffeine ... i've been rather obsessed with fitness and health lately . i'm on week 5 of weight training , i've been eating healthier ( god i miss donuts and sugary goodness ! ) , and i feel so accomplished . most of ... oh god . steinbeck . his works are overrated , imo . i wanted to use little women as kindling . there is this other book that i fail to recall the title of . it was about a big house that people thought ... when you find yourself trying to convince yourself that you're not in love . oh ... oh god no . it can't be ! i've been having weird ideas of how i'm going to die . for some reason , i think it'll be in a car accident caused by a stupid teen who was texting while driving . my repulsion of the modern yolosweg , ... for an indecisive person who likes to investigate everything before coming to a conclusion or decision , having a plethora of options is confusion and anxiety inducing . i doubt i would be happy if my ... actually , you can drive around 16 , and 21 is the drinking age . the prestige that is associated with turning 18 is just an illusion . and whoever still wants to be an adult and mature by then is ... #whynotcapitalizeyourwordstomakeiteasiertoread #hashbrownselfie i don't know about you guys , but i'm not the calling type . i'm good going a few days , or lifetime , without a call . not gonna lie , it stresses me out when someone calls me because then that means i am ... i've never felt the desire or need to procreate , and i doubt i ever will . i would feel bad for passing on my genes and cursing that poor life anyway . this is an accurate representation of my ... i tried to become a cat person , but the genetic engineering technology is lacking . i do really love cats though . i wish i could hug every cat , but i can't and that makes me very sad because there are ... it bothers me when i see an interesting symbol and don't know its exact meaning . with that said , fluff , your avatar , symbol thing really intrigues me and i need to know if it has a meaning ! i laughed at the punishment from the op . memorizing capitals , the torture ! i'm not sure whether forced learning is good , or a tragic start to a child's life of seeing learning as abuse . well , i'm ... the only toy i remember that i liked was this little penguin stand thing with rings that made the body . i have no idea why 4/5 year old ablysmal had such an affinity for the penguin . other than that , ... did i just reread this entire thread ? yes , yes i did . it actually seems weird how this took place about a year ago . oh the nostalgia . and my contribution to the thread : i like all the old members ... i really like that final analogy there . people don't seem to understand that issues can be present prior to whatever form of substance usage . you're right about most of what you posted , but you sort ... technically , addiction means psychological or physiological dependence on a substance . so it is a form of addiction . and if people who are addicted are reasons for the illegality of weed , then the ... i like to think that everything happens for you to learn something , so yes i suppose . i can't believe i read the entire post . i commend you for making paragraphs instead of the wall o ' text , and for sharing such experiences . wowzers , this should be turned into a book . i don't know ... the truth spoken in this video had me crying from hilarity and despair for the current generation : your life really seems to be on track . good job , girl . the gods are smiling down on you . and welcome back . : happy : si is what ruined places , songs , smells , etc . for me because of associated memories and feelings . :d ry : it does help with making random webs of connections between things though . i got infj as well . nice to know i'm not the only one . this is relevant ( # 2 is highly likely for me ): what a coincidence that just the other day , i heard this gem . it must have been destined to go in this thread . u200bkill me now . i just ruined it . you have been exorcised . some pants for woman even have fake pockets . this i do not understand . gosh dang i want real , functioning pockets , not fake seams that are just for show ! : angry : '