' my heart is tired from missing you . glad you liked it . there's something deeply beautiful about this piece . i didn't know the name of it before but kept hearing it . i agree . i admire robert smith , dressed up as robert smith several halloweens back , but to dress up like him in everyday life , no way . infps draw the line when preserving their own sense of self ___ sought for meaning as to why this existence is evening happening at all for most of my life so this song feels appropriate as an intro .  a cover that sounds influenced by the red house painters they are amazing !  utterly gorgeous ... thank you for sharing this ... such an effortlessly sweeping and ethereal sound . paula cole always struck me as an infp / j , listening to the lyrics . youtube - paula cole - me i am not the person who is singing i am the silent one inside i am not the one who laughs at ... unloads a wheelbarrow full of kittens and a group of nomadic midgets into the cuddle group . i posted this on the music thread , but thought it was appropriate to put it here . the best version of this song in my opinion , better than the original kate bush duet , simply because of paula ... the reason it feels dead , at least in my experience , is that most of exoteric religion is scriptural , meaning you hang on to words and just have faith that somehow it's somehow true . i grew up in a ...  having a kid is a very important decision , there are natural drives to have them in some people that don't exist in others , but just because a drive exists , a good deal of introspection still needs ... you , re a bit out there ... but i think i get you ... and i think you just won the lottery ... or death by snu snu never had a cellphone until a couple of years ago . i rarely ever use it even though i have one beautiful stuff from obscurity  morrissey when i was younger . i think a lot of infps relate to him because of this longing to connect and have the pain and suffering that goes with being socially awkward and shy , lyrics like this ...   haha i didn't mean it like that . : tongue : * runs away and comes back with a wheelbarrow full of kittens * here , kittens to dispel your sadness . : tongue : not really into this band , but i enjoy this song . lol ! ! ! : crazy :: tongue : i don't mind crowds . but i realized that i enjoy being in a crowd where everyone there has a similar interest as mine . singing my heart out to pictures of you with 17,000 other people under a ... youtube - the ocean blue - mercury youtube - the ocean blue - slide youtube - kitchens of distinction - mad as snow trip out . your song , movie , and bands almost completely match mine . before sunrise / sunset are awesome films ! : crazy : youtube - the psychedelic furs - heaven fu % @ing beautiful new wave masterpiece youtube - anything box - carmen youtube - midnight oil - forgotten years no never heard of this one before . thanks for sharing . : 0 ) usually in the hypnopompic state , that space where you're not fully awake yet . never heard of these guys before as well . perhaps you were a member of a gregorian order in a past life ? haha here's some monks covering duran duran . lol ... this group makes very beautiful music ! i'm a new fan ! : 0 ) have you heard of ulrich schnauss ? you may like this . parts of this reminded me of the cure mixed with enigma . very beautiful . thank you for sharing ! : 0 ) good song but the video is a bit cheesy . you're tripping me out ...  this song is very beautiful ... thanks for sharing ! : 0 ) fifa 09 england is overpowered though , as good if not better than germany . if anyone saw the world cup , this was not the case . here's mine . root : under-active ( - 69 % ) sacral :op en ( 19 % ) navel : under-active ( - 56 % ) heart : under-active ( - 38 % ) throat : under-active ( 0 % ) third eye :op en ( 25 % ) crown :op en ( 6 % ) an open , healthy 3rd can weather heartache . in my experience , if early on we experience too much , the 3rd becomes bogged down with a lot of baggage ( most baggage resides in the 3rd by the way ) , ... the beauty of extroverted feeling is that you can become a social chameleon , it adapts to different people and accommodates them . enfjs make others feel accepted and appreciated but sometimes this ... '