' you know you're really lonely when you come back to a forum you'd left for years in hopes of communicating with someone ... anyone . mini chocolate bars and i regret every bite . wondering why i never see people i use to know on here when i come back . also , this cd is taking a life time to burn . 51gb worth of photos is no joke transferring . don't judge someone just because they sin differently than you . hjhnightwskygirl i guess this makes me glad i cleaned my keyboard with lysol earlier this morning . :/ welcome aboard ! :) hmm , i suppose i like planning things in advance . though i can deal with things that are spur of the moment . usually i look for new recipes online and have a big folder filled with healthy choices . i ... hi there , person ! :) i've rarely ever seen my entj dad and little brother ( entj with a low e ) cry . they're usually very reserved in those aspects . the only times i've seen them cry openly was when one of my brothers died ... you guys sound fun . this is something i do myself , though i'm an infj . i can't help but be silly and i love to be around people who can understand my whacky sense of humor . :p roud : tis where the rebellion will start . but shhh , don't tell anyone . : wink : is there such a thing as an enfp that doesn't like hugs ? arizona here , sorry . this has been me pretty much in a nutshell for the last 3 years . yes , i very much relate . hurray ! congratulations , vel . your posts are always worth reading . :p roud : this seems to be a really common question / issue . someone should either change the default settings for it or sticky one of this threads that has the way to fix it . : sad : why yes , yes i would . :p roud : js like to plan things out ahead of time . : crazy : ... was glad i got some sleep . i haven't been feeling so well . i have no problem apologizing when i feel i have done something wrong . it's never been an issue with me . holy post count ! congratulations , you fast poster , you ! :p roud : wow , that was super fast ! congrats , girl ! gold for medicationz is on its way . i think it's great . : tongue : youtube - ‪ juanes - un día normal ‬ ‎ you're still receiving notifications because you're still suscribed to the threads you posted on prior to disabling email notifications . what i did is i went to user cp at the top , went to edit ... nice : crazy : haha , that would be a good twist to this . : crazy : my dad is an entj and he seems to get angry / frustrated when he perceives he's being disrespected . he also gets very upset if he witnesses injustices and doesn't think twice about speaking up about ... do you have a history of running away from relationships or people you're interested in ? please explain why ( and what causes this ) or why not . entj dad isfj mom enfj brother enfp sister entj little brother with a low e and one brother whose type i don't know but was most likely ixxj . awe , i can relate to that more than you know . : sad : * hugs *   congratulations ! aww , you're a very sweet person . you'll be missed ! take much care . oh my god , you guys are just too much . this.made.my.night ! : crazy : you freaking rock , troisi . : crazy : hurray ! congratulations to you . :D 1 . wacom bamboo tablet 2 . books 3 . telephone 4 . printer / scanner / photo printer 5 . random polaroid photos . woohoo ! congrats ! :D '