' this is really informative ! thank you ! how can one explain that the energy can be too much , without seeming to reject ? how would you describe this type ? being a sp / sx , whenever i come across a sx / so or a sx / sp , as attractive as they are they can equally off-putting . why is that ? is there a way that i can get past this ? does this seem to happen to ... syn-flow : sp → so → sx → sp stackings involved : sp / so → so / sx → sx / sp → sp / so direction : compelled toward people . acting upon and with others as a born insider i . e . - deeply human . contra-flow : ... lol , this is great ! thank you ! hmmm ... i really don't see being offended as an amazing ability . unfortunately , having the leading function fi can and will possibly cause an infp to become offended by every little thing , then i ... [ quote = epicyclic ; 12104930 ] maybe not so related , and hopefully you don't find this too offensive : idealism is not a bad thing , but unchecked idealism that is not grounded by reality is dangerous . ... i can relate to this . epicyclic , thank you , again ! thank you , i really appreciate your response . out of curiosity , are you istj or estj ? it seems pretty obvious , by the amount of infp's in this forum , that we are curious about you ... you all seem pretty self assured , funny , direct , down to earth , and honest to a fault . and most ... i want to say , drake ... not familiar with the others you have mentioned . thanks guys ! i haven't been posting on here for a while , so reading your kind responses is like a breathe of fresh air . i'm glad that i can vent on here and not feel like some sort of alien . in the ... yes , i am a hermit and not afraid to admit it . i have become so comfortable and safe in my home . and , even though i love it , i have such a strong desire to get out . i do have a job , so i have some ... these two types , from my observations , seem to both sense that sx charge in one another . yet , there seems to be a road block of some sort when interacting . what is the issue there ? what is causing ... is there such a thing ? do certain combinations work better together as opposed to others ? i know there are descriptions at the enneagram institute website for the different enneagrams , but are there descriptions for the different instint . variants combinations ? there are many times , where i come across people with se and i tend to have a rough time communicating with them . imo , they seem to be a little rough around the edges . i don't know if this is a ... yes , apparently . sorry to burst your bubble . some posts have typed them as infp / infj male and infj / enfp female . but infp / enfj imo , seems to make more sense . dear nf friends , we all know the movie , before sunrise and the one's that follow . it's one of the most realistic showcase's , of how an enfj / infp couple are . but are there any other great romantic ... this has all happened to us at one time or another . it happens to occur very frequently with me . i recently had to leave someone who i loved dearly but he couldn't reciprocate the same feelings ... i understand what you are saying . as an sp / sx , i do find myself naturally drawn to sx leads energy . but , ultimately , i don't let that rule my decision making , pertaining to romantic relationships ... could you give me an example , on how this would be shown ? don't understand when someone says that person's a 4 with an 8 fix . can you explain ? thank you for this . so far , everything you've explained is exactly how i feel with him . he definitely is in touch with me , very intense and his focus is very laser like . also , very attentive . i ... you have come to the right place . thanks friends ! i don't feel so alone ! to answer your question : just by my own research on the forums , i haven't seem to come across many . i am not saying that it is impossible for an infp to be a ... i find it very uncommon for infp to be 6 ' s . any one else out there ? the fact that you brought up an estj as an example of our culture , really interests me . and , i do find it really sad , as well . especially , since they are considered our soul mate in socionics . how ... i notice this a lot , too . many rely , very heavily on wants popular at the moment and infp's are viewed superficially . it makes me very sad . what are the benefits to this pairing ? what are the downsides ? the only reason why i ask this , is because i happen to be dating someone at the moment that is an sx / so . there aren't many online ... when you get all stressed out about what career to choose , how to stop letting your emotions lead when people pass judgments / looks on you and question about your mental state like ... you need to get ... hey guys ! ! just wondering ... how do you get a handle on your fi , when you find yourself overloaded and in an analytical loop ? i'm going through this huge transitional phase into adult life ... any one else have one ? i do , and it happens to be very difficult ... don't get me wrong , i love isfj's , but having one as a mom is a bit difficult . she is very passive aggressive , holds very high ... thank you guys ! i definitely believe now , that it is my environment . the people that i'm mostly surrounded by are strong thinkers , and judgers . so , i know that i can obviously become easily ... in the theory of duality in socionics , i have read numerous articles explaining the dynamic between estj ( lse ) and infj ( eii ) and it seems to me that the only one really benefiting from the ... i rely heavily on my te and si on a day to day basis . any suggestions on how to properly develop ne and fi ? it seems to me that many nf's experience this pretty frequently . whether it be about that special someone : wink : , someplace you're about to travel to , a certain situation , or could be a new job ... why is the interaction between these two , extremely difficult ? i have read somewhere online that estj's find ne attractive . can you give an example of a situation / conversation you have had that stands out to you ? how does ne make you feel ? what about it attracts ... a big , soft quilt and plenty of cuddly couch pillows :) i personally , do find that the majority of my close friends are more outgoing than me . romantically , i do prefer someone more outgoing . i do have many friends / acquaintances that are introverted , but ... thanks for all of your responses ! which personality type is the best at having deep , meaningful discussions with ? i find myself completely intrigued by intj's . and it is quite obvious that there is a natural chemistry between infp and intj personality types . my question to you intj's , is that ... in your ... in all honesty , i am horrible in typing . but i'm going to take a guess and say ... albert : istj and victoria : isfp i'm looking for a very thorough enneagram test / quiz that also determines your tritype . i have taken the enneagram quiz recommended by this site , but it seems a bit too short . any recommendations ? one of my favorite romantic movies . what do you believe their personality and ( possibly ) enneagram types are ? this question recently popped into my mind ... do you think , there are a recurring pattern of gifts , that certain types like to receive / give ? and if yes , could you provide examples ? what are your ... i need words of encouragement . how do you get yourself out ? especially when everyone around you is miserable and takes their shit out on you , constantly . '