' or when someone bails last minute ( or even worse , after the scheduled time has passed ) . this absolutely pisses me off . i'm fine with cancellations ( with ample notice ) , but it's ridiculous when i've ... this just reminded me that my old boss always playfully referred to me as ' happy ' . how's it going happy ... but this was more because i never smile when i'm focused , which is about 98 % of the time ... istjs in receiving gifts , period . whether you're internally happy or not ! i hate having to be animated and overly excited . when everything you type / write seems to be completely incorrect , grammatically . or all of your words look like they're misspelled . this whole post seems to be all fudged up . bleh . there are bigger things to worry about than being someone's entertainment . if i appear to be boring to them , it's probably because i'm bored with them and see it wasteful to expel the energy required ... yeah , this is nuts ! makes me miss florida ... it's dropping to 48 tonight . i'm not very optimistic about what this winter is going to bring . depends on your definition of widening my territory . we can be very protective and your words can be interpreted as a coup from the istp nation . but if you're requesting dual citizenship , you might ... is it an istj to like driving period ? i absolutely hate being a passenger . had to do some translating ... amazon basket = amazon cart mid-strop = ? no clue , google didn't help ( sharpening device ? angry ? lol ) tenner = is this slang or literal definition ? ( certain ... it's on my list ! i have a book club where we read mostly books of this genre . we just started ' the untethered soul ' ... if you were being serious about a book club pm me , we do google hangout ( i ... this would work on me , just knowing you thought about me or put effort into something would do the trick . yes ! i hate this ! just try it ... you'll like it ... me ( in my head ) the ... hell yeah they are ! i'm pretty close to an infj and i tell her all the time she's a hard one to figure out yep , this is her ... we're efficient multitaskers ... which includes naps ... haven't you ever tried taking a nap while typing away at the keyboard ? =-) are we talking efficient as in fuel savings , wear and tear , or time ? always asking why why why , do i do this to myself ? ! ? i wonder if we [ istjs ] have masochism ... i'm thinking you like endurance sports too ... after all , it takes a lot of patience to be with an istj ! you about have an anxiety attack when your friend ( who has a spare key to your home ) jokingly asks did you notice that i moved something in your home ? a . ) you didn't realize it was a joke at ... i'm always getting yelled at to stop giving me that look ... usually because they get unwound because all my looks are the same and they are confused with the lack of facial expressions to ... success and accomplishments are two different things from my view . obtaining the feeling of success has been a slippery slope down the rabbit hole for me . i've accomplished a lot when i look at my ... that's actually pretty awesome ... and he's an admirable istj ... ninja ! rant : the it dept at work is completely useless ! rave : fixed computer issues myself ... ... you have to resist the urge to make a snarky reply when someone asks are you sure ? if i didn't use the words ' not completely positive , maybe , possibly ... ' in my statement , then , yes i'm ... i stop only for fuel ... if i'm hungry , thirsty , or need to use the restroom ... it'll have to wait until i stop for gas . efficiency ... glad i don't have a hybrid ! ^ so very true for istjs ... i've never forgotten ... even after many many years , now and then one of my senses will trigger a memory . the only difference now ; when memories popup , is that i've ... pens / pencils - check flashlights ( with extra batteries ) - check floss picks - check yes on the ladders on every floor . and yes on having just in case items in the cars without it seeming ... you know you're an istj when you have umbrellas stored in strategic places ... one in the car , at home at both the front and back door , one at the office , and one in your work / school bag . when your neighbors are watching you like you're some sort of crazy for washing your car in the rain . but it's genius because you've kept an eye on the weather patterns and know where and when the ... don't try to fill it for the purpose of just filling it . it's a processes after all , a healing processes . i've personally found that i just need to let things come and go through my mind naturally ... i don't quite say it that way ... it's more of a well , i was expecting much worse , glad i went ... fun ... parties ... i need to go to more in the same context seem like a bit of a stretch that's my move when i'm completely overwhelmed and can't formalize a logical approach ... me : meh , we'll soon find out ... while at the grocery store you group certain items together in your cart . at the register , you remove the items and put them on the belt in the same fashion , in hopes they'll bag the items in the ... you have to keep getting up to turn the lights back on because no one else is still around to trip the motion sensors for the lights . istjs do have a natural tendency to seek out stability and consistency . i personally find safety / comfort in it . i can't speak for how your bf is approaching the relationship , but i can make a ... i hate tpms , $ 160 per monitor because most people are too lazy to take a quick glance at their tires when walking up to it ... or those who ignore the vehicle responding differently while running on ... you sit through a week long process improvement seminar ( lean six sigma ) and think wait , this seems like its all common sense and i already think this way , why am i here ? why is anyone here ? people ... very few see my serious side . there's only a few things that will draw that out , it's usually my protective side of those close to me or something from my professional life . with how much time i ... that's no good either ... there needs to be a balance . meetings are good to get someone to act on the spot as bluefizzure said and to gauge the pulse of the organization as you stated . i didn't mind ... yep , i'm taking a day off next week and have to decline two meetings on my calendar . but i'm set on taking the day off because i literally have maybe 1 day a month were i don't have any meetings ... exactly , i can handle heat ... if it's obnoxiously humid and hot it's uncomfortable ... but when it's brutaly cold , it hurts . i'm a southern boy at heart , when i lived in florida i'd drive around in ... i have an hrm and a weight scale with a body composition analyzer . i also weigh and measure all my food to get my cals and micronutrient values for the day . it's actually surprisingly fun , well at ... ditto ... i'm always looking for merritt . one of those need to know deals . i tend to keep to myself unless otherwise warranted . thinking about those times in the past where i failed to follow that ... when i was typing my response , i was searching for these words but just couldn't pin them down ! i don't need directions for every step ( i hate being micromanaged ) of my entire project as i had ... i get that way when i don't have clear directions or i don't understand something . i work best when i can put my effort into the details / quality without having to waste time searching ( which feels ... why must you use a gold paper clip ? smoke and mirrors doesn't work on sjs , so use standard paperclips =-) we're not plotting , we're simply observing your self-destructive idealistic ... double post i hate receiving gifts , only because of the expectation of expressing excitement . it's not that i don't do excited , but it just feels fake if they're watching my expressions and i feel obligated to ... we are very good at following rules and procedures . for example , say an istj had a question . most likely they'd find a thread with a topic that related to their question and post it there . oh and ... i use to work in the installation bay at circuit city ... these little bastards were everywhere ; including under the bay doors and cabinet handles . talk about work stress ... when you're working in a ... nothing worse than seeing a spider , grabbing something to kill it , and in the seconds it took you to turn around , it's freakin gone ! ... anything that brushes up against you makes you spaz something ... '