oh yea , i don't like to lie either not saying i haven't but i just don't like to . i read estp have no issue in doing this ex like car salesman . for me i would just keep things close to the truth or ... i got 9w8 . makes me wander if i am estp or istp ? i know i am extroverted in the sense that i meet people and not shy about introducing myself . i am reserved at times if i don't know someone , like a ... for me , when i ignore someone deliberately , then that person did something to really piss me off and usually they will know about it . outside of that , it might not being ignoring someone more so much ... i don't consider myself a jealous type of person but i do require a man being respectful and not pushing those boundaries . cool if you want to talk to another chick , laugh joke etc but the min you ... fall asleep usually , ( 2 modes ) stop and go . internet , phone , tv , read , be a nerd . tbh i have been like this before where i will talk about certain things but somethings are not for a topic discussion . it seems at some point because i stay private , people wanted to figure things ... yea , same here i don't like to have things personal i told someone used against me . i get to prove a point but if there is no logic to it and just doing it for whatever . i think the last guy i dated had to be enfp or enfj somewhere along those lines . i have been with a male estp , not sure if i am an estp or a istp but defiantly 9w8 . anyway , think male borderline ... athlete but can coach if i think someone isn't on the same page . like i can see a person and what they are trying to do , if they are tripping up to get to their goal or whatever then i'll pull out ... early own figuring my type i got entj but i was surrounded by j's and usually their thing is issues with my p so i learned more j type things . i know i am more sensing than intuitive like 60 % ... i can see where 9w8 is something i relate to most , i do think of myself as a natural peacemaker but do have a side to me that is assertive and sure of making decisions for myself . i will talk to ... re took a different test that was longer and got a 9w8 which is what i had on another test i had taken before . i got enneagram 3 i was a very big tomboy when i was smaller , still a tomboy just prissier in i dress more famine vs tee shirts and athletic wear , wearing boy clothes ( shirts ) i am not afraid to fight but i don't go ... like this is what i mean i don't really cry over spilt milk , it's like not really that important . i do however like how you listed the interpretations of each way things could have been taken into ... my enneagram came out as 3 just think it has to do with a character of a man , who he is really , what he stands for . yea , that was sarcasm there yea , people i know say go with your gut feeling . i don't trust my gut feeling because it never got me anywhere . i don't trust feelings period i just trust what is , what works . like last year or ... no i am not sexist but i don't do well with men who think a woman place is in the kitchen type of thing so whatever you think sexist means to you . traditional roles are how i was raised but at the ... they come like that ? ? joking ... true , i tend to drawl this kind of people who for whatever reasons just over step their boundaries , do or say some of the dumbest things . every guy i have ever met ... most people say i am extroverted because i can talk to anyone like i have known them my whole life yet depending on the situation . sometimes it takes time for me to open up and i have to get a feel ... like reading some of the things about estp i just don't relate to such as : i don't care for the spotlight and will gladly hand that over to someone . although i do appreciate being appreciated ... trying to figure out which one i am ? my istj friend is also good at seeing things inside me that i don't tell others . she once told this guy i was seeing : like get your ass over here because she needs you right now . he asked well why ... i have a friend who is an istj and pretty sure this is her type . she does get a melt down from time to time and i am good at calming her down . she seems to get more emotional over things where ... i have and even broke them down into each individual categories . just gets so irritating . i won't say psychopath but i can say i can go threw someones logic especially if they are contradicting in the same sentence or things don't add up in what they are saying . i don't usually care ... yea same here but hard to tell which one i really am . i got entj , i already know i am a perceiver and do things when i want , when i feel like it . as for intuitive , i have a 60 sensing and 40 intuitive thing . estp is what i know to be because most would ... reverse psychology or someone who tries to play on my emotions , like if i already know you to be someone who manipulates to get what you want then my emotions are the last thing you want to play on ... even though this is a late answer , i still wanna answer it . estp are not good with telling you emotions but use gift giving as a form of showing you how they feel . let me translate this for him : ... i can't help but laugh at this ! ! ! rip to your dad ! ! ! i know an isfj that i dated who has a tick with his head , it's actually kinda cute . i think he does this when he gets nervous though . spiders , being broke , something happening to my kids , family or someone i love . usually different lifestyles , perceptions , thoughts , etc . i've seen some people not like another over shoe brands ? ? ? i could care less as we all differ in some way , it's just when others ... lol , true ! ! i find it hard to get mad at an isfj because i can understand their logic when it comes to things . i do end up getting them out of their shell , they can be a little smothering but it's ... i do the same thing , ti runs things internally on it's experiences and knowledge to make sense of the world . if it doesn't fit , then but why is the first question asked to break down in those ... yea , i have seen this from some others as i have been told i am soft because my feelings got hurt etc . or if they did something i didn't like i spoke my mind about it , got mad etc . ( had feelings at ... the ti thing . women who are independent , think for theirselves , base things on logic although have feelings and care for others feelings , not afraid to speak up or say what is on their mind , chose ... if it's something you can do yourself i'll look into it . i'm not going to see a shrink just yet . [ / quote ] yea , you can do it yourself , just google it . it's self explanatory . i don't consider myself a charmer but i am like you on the drama crap , i just don't care for it nor games , being degraded and petty crap . i do this too and probably just boredom , try looking up cbt negative and positive thought thinking . my boss gave me this for anger issues i was having at my job and it helps a lot , although i ... it's more that i get seen as a playgirl . i am a bit of a flirt and tease , attract a lot of male attention and because i have had a few lovers or have one , go on dates with people , it comes off this ... defiantly isfj for me , these are the people that i have been able to be with the longest without getting bored or irritated by , even though i still get bored sometimes . they have patience to deal ... if i chose to commit to someone then i can be tenaciasly loyal . yea , i don't care for the spotlight either , usually could care less . if i am romantically involved , it can be a little different . i think that if someone is not trying to put me in their lives , ... carve my name in a tree or graffiti , tp a house or egg one , small stuff like that when i was younger but never to the point that it would be dangerous for someone else . tbh , never really had the ... being a lawyer , i could do that because i like the investigation part of it and would probably know what to say to defend someone . i prefer action vs words though and it took me a long time to form ... main questions 1 . what drives you in life ? what do you look for ? to succeed , opportunities 2 . what do you hope to accomplish in your life ? college , my kids college , make the money 3 . what ...