' have you ever done this before ? you can give him the old , we need to talk text but make sure you meet up soon and take care of it . it seems daunting because the intp mind sort of plans ahead and ... typically pleasant , easygoing people to be around when the atmosphere stays lighthearted . i get a kick out of the things that throw them for a loop though . they can let people just trample all over ... i like my beard . it's been fun to have . this is when it was particularly massive , before i trimmed it a bit .  ... text . character limit . i don't think he has any meaningful feelings or connection to you . you should be with someone who appreciates you more . yes we are . never studying abroad . great chem / physics opportunity in dresden i passed up . thank you . i've trimmed it recently , but it's still plenty ferocious . it's the aspie eyes . absolute giveaway . which is part of why democracy is a joke . i think democracy is a joke . everybody else . uhoh i make fun of them all the time . i don't actively avoid it , it just doesn't naturally happen very easily . 5-8- 4 character limit . money gives me a considerable amount of freedom and independence from others . it also enables me to freely do the things i love . i can build a nice computer to play my favorite games , i can go on ... istj . character limit . i wouldn't worry about this at all . honestly , i'm sure most intp males consider cyber-stalking extremely flattering [ i sure as hell do ] , and like the idea of being pursued . we may consider it a possibility but typically assume you're just being friendly , especially since he is older and has most likely been burned before by making romantic assumptions right off the bat ... coming from an intp , it will not be immediately obvious that your intentions are romantic unless you're pretty blatant , and i find infjs never are . but yeah , i'd just ask him if he wants to meet ... this might be more of an enneagram 5 thing , the 5 type is characterised by the over-intellectualization of life . it is certainly a way to distance oneself . i don't think of it as a defense ... basically , thanksgiving food . gbc , mp , stuffing , turkey , gravy . nom nom this is a tough one . intjs are more likely to be secretly passionate , fi in the third position is pretty vulnerable and will typically be hidden to the casual observer , so most get the robotic ... in the sense that much more of their self is internally and personally derived , yes . istps are a lot like this too . just make out of left field observations , and work on your delivery . sometimes intps can be expressively dull , so don't know if your sarcasm is serious or not . also , if you're serious all the time , ... hello prpl counterphobic 6 : type 5 : i wish i was better , socially . i don't think i'd use that skill much , i'd just like to have it . i don't like being bad at things . i think i could get more out of the world . i wish i could make ... enfps are fun . they will typically be high energy and will bring out your playful side . nearly guaranteed to prevent you from going into si-mode , they'll keep you in ne . there's a naivety about ... ... i tend to look away , as when i look at i've been told it looks as though i'm looking past them , or through them . just sort of a ... spacey , i'm not really here kind of look . so i try to avoid ... you did not ruin thanksgiving . money . character limit . like others have stated , the term scientists as applied to the types is used to allude to the similarity of process regarding the world . ints take a sysematic , inquisitive , skeptical , and probing ... a lot of them are whiny and self defeating . it's sickening . lightning superheats the surrounding air to a temperature greater than the surface temperature of the sun . yes . i don't cope , i embrace . i like this . intp , and probably with being a 5 too . detachment is natural for a ti dom as the world appears to them in the form of impersonal principles and rules ... yes , it does sort of throw you into the game without much direction . i found the community aspect of the game fascinating and fun . however it definitely is a punishing game . also , bayonetta was ... demon's souls . classic western rpg , high difficulty which makes you play the game with a very deliberate pace , has an incredibly dark atmosphere . my favorite ps3 game of the year last year . yes , constantly . this leads to trouble sometimes , as i cannot remember which conversations are real and which i've only had in my head . i have general relativity and schrodinger's wave equation on my right and left side , respectively . general relativity describes the very big , and how the very shape of reality itself responds to the ... intp . typical testing will tell you that intjs are more ordered and structered while intps are not , however this is not entirely the case . the intp structures his mind , his thoughts , his internal ... fi users naturally think fe is inauthentic and groupthink , while fe users think fi is selfish and out of touch , deviant . neither appreciates or understands the other's focus . your fe is undeveloped . if it were developed , you could handle these things wonderfully . it's not fe . it's you . estj women are extremely social and friendly people . most people associate them with their management / work style and think that's what they're like all the time , which is nonsense . in fact , i'm ... my estj slept like a rock . i've never seen anything like it . she stops moving for 5 minutes and she's out . if she doesn't have at least 8 hours , forget it . well of course . i don't know about you , but i find it hard to have any kind of intimacy or romantic feelings without the other person reciprocating . if the other person was truly happy in their ... understandable , i suppose . and , you made me laugh at the phrase , objective spin . : laughing : one has no rational obligation to protect the relationship of someone they desire . if the individual inside the relationship if enabling and fostering intimacy outside of their relationship , the ... '