' i enjoy all aspects . design engages big picture thinking , implementation is where all the beautiful , serendipitous mistakes happen . the details in implementation feed back into the design , ... life is a series of puzzles . whether or not you recognize them depends on your disposition . the opportunities for creativity are there , and so are you . if you maintain your excitement in life , apathy ... it depends on the person , and the magnitude . ultimately , either variety of persistent pain at high enough a level can lead a person to end their life . they're equal forces in that sense . at lower ... the root cause of your unhappiness is living on planet earth . existential pain is somewhat of a local custom . feeling it does not make you exceptional . how does it feel to feel hate over feeling feelings ? to rephrase - how does feeling hate over feeling feelings feel ? there are as many perfect sentences as there are contexts . difficult to say without any context . yes . the creative process . i imagine i could make a living as an artist , in various mediums , if not for my lack of ambition . short answer - no . long answer - no . no . mad philosopher that would spell a state sanctioned return to class and race based discrimination in education ( as if it ever ended at all ) . without any regulation , or funding for education , poor ... to put it simply , every person , regardless of economic standing , gender , race , or sexual preference should have the same rights and freedoms . every person should be considerate of the continued ... spookysprite i'm unfamiliar with tomi lahren , but from watching the first two minutes of that segment , i gather that she's prideful , willfully ignorant , and that she mimics the didactic , arrogant , ... you take an mbti test and your result is not intp . extreme leftist agenda ? hillary is a moderate , and leans slightly republican . bernie is a middle of the road liberal . obama is in between those two on the spectrum . in contrast , the entire right wing ... grandpa 2390 - i understand that you're not for trump . i'm aware the majority of his supporters didn't see voting for him as i described the reality - i'm indicating that , as with all things ... grandpa 2390 - this isn't a middle finger to the establishment - it's an extreme right wing establishment victory . these people he surrounded himself with , who he will put in office - they aren't ... for the anti-child crowd in the thread - i'd posit this boils down to the classic intp lack of emotional development , brought on by a fear of expressing vulnerability . when you see a child , you ... protest through inaction is only effective if you're part of a publicized and principled organization with a clear message and goal – the justifications i'm reading for not voting are nothing more ... small talk shouldn't be that hard for an intp - if you enjoy learning , and you know at least a little bit about a wide variety of subjects , you should have something to say about everything ... god grant me the serenity to accept the things i cannot change , the courage to change the things i can , and the wisdom to know the difference . just strike out the god bit ( initiative only ... fellow humans . point being - there's not enough information to make an informed opinion , especially as these symptoms are at the nexus of several disorders . is schizoid a possibility ? certainly , but you can't ... anhedonia is a feature of both depression and schizotypal disorders . 13 . looks like i won't be having the diagnosis du jour . pretty sure i have strep throat though . xxx ( deceased ) provided he's an intp , and assuming that he's relatively young ( early-mid 20 ' s ? ) , he's probably neither the master of his emotions , nor the best ambassador , but he's likely aware of those ... we've never been more technologically advanced than we are today , yet , we're still wrestling with a wide variety of grim humanitarian issues ( many of which result from outmoded cultural religious ... i'd argue the why is irrelevant , as breakthroughs are often more related to allowing your mind to wander and make subconscious connections between a body of learned data and some new observed ... such strange things , guns - conceived for the sole purpose of rapidly perforating living things with very specifically shaped pieces of metal , and designed , like so many things , to be comfortably and ... no , i hadn't , but i do like his ideas . i just watched all three of his what if videos . he and i picked up on a lot of the same possible plot beats , and oddly , he and i look and sound an awful lot ... as a supremely powerful virgin-birth choosen-one demi-god who never had to work for his powers , anakin was a petulant and impatient jerk from the start , and so , his downfall was colored with all ... kind hearts and coronets . blast of silence .  pedantic . saying i knew it is simply an easy way of saying my initial instinct or thought was correct , or this was one of the outcomes i predicted . there's nothing wrong with that . life is a ... entertainment is one thing , thoughtful conversation is another , and i enjoy both of those things - but this is something else . the internet is an endless desert of overly self-referential cliques , ... alright , time to un-bookmark the forum . i hope i find something worthwhile being discussed whenever it is i check back in . her adversary doesn't have data to support their argument . ios may be more popular in certain localities , but android is overall overwhelmingly more popular , and has nearly identical app ... “ to save time . . . [ p . g . wodehouse ] inserted a long , continuous roll of paper into his typewriter . at the end of the working day , he would cut the strip into pages and pin the pages to the wall . he ... there's no choice - watch them in release order . don't worry about lucas ' intentions - he's a known liar and plagiarist who surrounded himself with talented people , and it's those people who made his ... i get a creepy vibe . sounds like he's putting on a show , and that he doesn't care about the feelings of those involved as much as he cares about being at the center of the drama . shut him down , hard . 1 . trump is an obvious assclown and yet : the quinnipiac university swing state poll released tuesday has clinton up by a single point in both florida ( 43 % - 42 % ) and pennsylvania ( 43 % - 42 % ) , while ... my best friend got a perfect score , and i scored either one or two points shy of the bastard . pedant ? no thanks . hey - that's a tears for fears song . the truth gets blurred like a wet letter but since i gave up hope i feel a lot better - steve taylor there's not enough weeks in the month to do all ... i'm not familiar with the band , the man , or his lyrics , but as he's a performer , i'd absolutely posit infp over intp . maybe you could post some relevant information or lyrics instead of assuming that ... '