' this is basically a new project that some friends and i are working on - a blog . it's basically like an almanac but on the internet and better because it just is ( it's a rule - it really just ... is ) ... i'm a type 3w7 sx it was interesting but ... i guess i should've read the book . i could definitely understand if someone loved it , but i wasn't one of them ( not that that says anything , i'm nowhere near a credible ... i agree with everyone . this movie was really frightening . one of the scariest i've seen in a looong long time . it kept me up the night i watched it , kept thinking someone would try to drag me out of ... that should be like , an entp mantra :P love it . especially in response to what i said . hahahahahaha perfect lol . just make friends solely with nt's . they love earing the why's and how's :) ( lol jk . mostly ) enfj's make pretty good listeners too as long as you're not telling them they're wrong . :P ... yeah . i believe that . i just hope they can't always tell if i'm doing it so much :P & that's a hard thing to do . especially when the people in authority over you are complete idiots most of ... i like the way you put that - and i have no problem admitting i'm manipulative anyways - it's just if i see a problem that needs to be fixed : i fix it . and onto another part of being brazen - - ... i don't know what it is that makes us like that . but whatever it is - - - i bet entp have it in common ... hmmm i just got out of a hole of mine , and yes it happens to me all the time too . ahhh . anyways , since we're idea people , i just keep thinking and dreaming of ways out of the hole , looking on the ... exact same thing - i had social anxiety disorder . bleh . not alot of friends . smark kid - poor grades didn't want to stand out - but always did stuff like that . then around when i hit ... wow that's cool that this is related to entp . i'm the same way . i have to focus on something to cry about it - but then i feel like i'm making myself cry ( what is the justification for that ? ... would that be bad if i didn't think of myself as emotionally stable ? or maybe i am emotionally stable , just it makes me seem neurotic with my practice of one-upsmanship ? thank you sir , i guess i'll give zyrtec a try . and where can i get cetirizine ? i claritin doesn't work for me . lol you're tripping ! i was for serial . yeah actually , especially the talking to friends thing . i always think about their reactions and what i can do to influence the reactions to get what i want . but the worse thing is , when i'm ... yeah , i just love to spend . even on bills . the only time i'm ever late on a bill is when i've out-spent my means . but i enjoy spending money , on people , on myself , even on bills . i just love ... i do not drink caffeine , if i do , i become addicted and extreemely wired . caffeine literally effects me in such a way as alcohol does - it really works on me , ha . so i only ever partake in caffeine ... music . can't live without it . i have to either be creating it or enjoying it , otherwise - i feel loveless and empty . but the problem with me is how do you commit ... lol grrreat . i don't know how the sam hammich i'm going to find a local bee hive or whatever you call it . bee hive is probably not what you call it . there are plenty of those ... i mean , the local honey ... i am also borderline t / f , but i do think that nt's can be emotional , i just think that we justify our emotions in a different way ( using logic ) than whatever the mess f's do . :D that's at least ... welcome ! & i could definitely deal with being in college for awhile , but the problem that i have with being in college is my grades . it's like the entp personality descriptor says , i don't feel ... we'll i'm going to have to look for some and try it . especially if it could help with allergies . this whole honey discussion sounds too good to be true . is ther a particular place you can get this delicious nectar of the gods ? the organic section of your local grocery store ? yeah ... it's annoying . i agree . but i hear the just kidding thing whenever someone wants to soften up a comment they've said to keep it from being harsh or to keep tense feelings from developing ... good advice . thank you . i don't like taking otc medicines though ( or any for that matter ) because i just have this thing against putting chemicals in my body and effecting my body's natural ... we'll i don't know if it's an entp thing or not but i know you are not alone , i am the same way . seemingly bipolar ... but really i ' ll just change my mind and justification about something quickly ... wait , what ? what was that supposed to mean ? hrrrm ? ? ? :p roud : good idea :) thank you . i'll definitely do some research into that field and see if i could handle the math-ness and accounting classes :P brilliance . this really opens up alot of ... but for real , what do you think she meant by not always ? lolol : tongue : whoops : tongue : now embarrassed . now shutting up . peace out girl scout . i'm the jerk that gets in their face with the i'm-not-an-idiot routine - i seem to do that a lot . as entp's do any of you not get taken seriously ? i know myself , i'm very goofy and do not take ... i do that . & i have a recurring answer to those questions that always pops up in my head whenever i ask myself those questions . i love music . but the problem is , every time i even try to mention that ... thank you so much and do not feel alone i definitely can relate to you about the independence thing . i really want to be a self sufficient individual , i do not really feel comfortable when i'm ... join the club : tongue : just kidding ... almost . okay , i'll stop being negative . i promise :D see , i brought this up because i'm pretty sure i'm allergic to dairy or something ... i swear , i have chronic sinusitis and it's getting ridiculous . yesterday i swear i had a headache throughout the ... random question , but : what are some people's allergies on here ? what do you do to cope with them ? what would the allergies do to you if you were exposed to the thing you are allergic too ? :D ... you're just jealous of my level 68 night elf druid , nafumei . log on ! log on guh ! & you better be on horde & i got yo nerd ! ! [ starts bucking ] lolol :P i know i know . we have this poster up of the movie where i work ( the local cinema ) , and it's johnny depp as the madd hatter ... crazy looking . but i can't wait to see it . i watched the cartoon a few ... yeah , cause didn't pocohontas marry some other guy ? ? & i never read the book - i didn't know there was one ... & you were talking about pocohontas , right ? & lol @ gospel of truth we'll i'm still young , so i am often times wrong ... :( but i think it's beautiful too , and agree people can always suprise you . you have this perception of someone and it ends up being off .  ... yes . but often times i'm wrong ... i usually get the flavor of what they are feeling , but i get the why they are feeling that way completely wrong . but i completely understand . always scanning ... oh don't worry , i could stop if i wanted to , i'm already getting bored with it . i just need something to do in my spare time until school starts back up again - i might start playing in a band or ... i just enjoy pixar a lot for some reason , maybe i'm a simple mind since i'm simply amused ? regardless , i wouldn't call tarzan the end either ... definitely go with lion king being the end of the ... but in my case it was a bad thing ? ? & thank you all for the warm welcome ! i guess it's just that thing about corporations : at the end of the day it's always about the money :( gross ... but i understand : laughing : & i'm trying to get out ! it's sucked me in ! ! ! ... you noticed ? is this bad ? : tongue : '