1 ) briefly describe your ideal social gathering . include details such as approximate length of time , number of people , location , activity , etc . * * at home , a friends house , or camping with a few ... * * * this also includes enneagram but you can ignore those questions if you don't know much about it , thank you ! * * * 1 ) briefly describe your ideal social gathering . include details such as ... mickey from love ( new show on netflix ) sent from my iphone using tapatalk i think mickey is an isfp . what's your take on her & the other characters ? sent from my iphone using tapatalk undertale :D sent from my iphone using tapatalk napstablook from undertale ? definitely ixfp . sent from my iphone using tapatalk * * im looking for video games with prominent isfp characters . thank you . sent from my iphone using tapatalk here's a few more . just random doodles . sent from my iphone using tapatalk i'm isfp actually :) sent from my iphone using tapatalk intj sent from my iphone using tapatalk they say you can tell a lot about a person by their art . sent from my iphone using tapatalk 456946 so there's another thread on here discussing the differences between isfp's & infp's . i relate soo much to the infp ones & not at all the the isfp ones , so it's making me question if i'm really isfp ... i was wondering if anyone else who watches this show has an interest in the types of the characters . what type do you think zoe ( & other characters ) are ? ( she first appears in season 3 ) sent ... i think aislinn is an infj & munro is an enfp post your favorite metal songs ! any genre of metal ! i'll start with these :  ... killionaire the thing is i need a basically no cost hobby . i'm broke & i mean not even enough to pay bills . . rlu | a | n how are you getting introvert ? yeah i've been watching degrassi since i was in middle school back when the new generation started with emma and manny , and i guess that's sorta why i keep watching . i think netflix taking over is ... i think drew is a feeler . everything he does on the show is because of his feelings . i'm not very good but these are the best ones i have a photo of  i relate way more to the behaviors of infp that everyone is saying instead of the isfp ones .. maybe i'm not isfp after all .. but i don't think i use ne . agh . i'm an isfp who never pays attention to my surroundings & my head is often in the clouds . i also don't notice details about anything unless it really stands out . he's definitely an extrovert . i was thinking exfp . he comes off as an enfp but idk . these are his answers for the short effective scenario questionnaire 2.0 ( self-type ) 1 ) i understand her attempt of detachment . i am saddened of the cancer . wanting to assist in anyway i can to ... childhood best friends : esfp , infj , isfp , & i think one was an enfj but i'm not sure . high school : 2 ( or 3 ) esfp's , 2 isfp , 2 intp's , 2 entp's , 1 possible enfp . now : enfp boyfriend , enfj , ... i'll bold what i find resonates with me . also , i behave differently around different people , so it makes it somewhat harder to tell because i end up acting like different types depending who i'm ... curious as to what you all get on this . i already knew my beliefs were closely tied to pantheism & agnostic , so my results aren't a surprise at all . are you atheist , agnostic , pantheist , deist , ... agnostic / pantheist . looking more into enneagram theory , i'm starting to get really confused with my type . i know i am a 6 ( although i have no idea if it's my core ) i just took the tritype test and i got 6w7 , 4w5 , ... well if you're trying to decide between isfp & infj , going by cognitive functions they are very different . fi se ni te vs ni fe ti se the only two functions that they have in common are se & ni ... i kinda have to really disagree with entp's being the most compassionate thinkers . i might be biased tho due to being in a romantic relationship with 2 entp's who turned out to both be assholes , one ... anyone have a clue as to what type jack ( imogen's girlfriend ) is ? i'm guessing isfp but i very possibly could be wrong . byw thank you everyone :) <3 my friend has this notion that i'm a judger instead of a perciever , which is initially what led me to do this . i don't think i seem like an isfj at all & i don't think the functions look like they ... inkheart was an interesting fantasy book :) i live in the here & now , which is why i think sensor not intuitive . & it comes naturally without any effort . scenario 1 focus on your feeling process here your significant other just ended your 2 year relationship quite suddenly and with no apparent explanation . up until this point you had both been ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... also when retelling stories of what happened in real life or in a movie , i never talk about the details . i talk about the overall story & the main idea . but i honestly don't feel like i'm infp . idk ... wis that an oxymoron ? hen i first was introduced to mbti i scored infp on tests quite often . for about 8 months i believed i was infp only to realize that the function stack for isfp fits me way ... thank you both . i've told him how i'm worried & it should be fairly obviously without stating so due to the fact that as soon as he told me i went onto my computer to research his symptom & kept ... so simple but so helpful ! thank you . i will try drawing some pokemon later :) or maybe some scenic photos . hey all you lovely beautiful souls ! my boyfriend has random weird body feelings sometimes , to where i normally think he's a hypochondriac , but he's been getting these electric shock feelings in his ...