' i second this list , but i'd switch 4 with 5 . being single can suck , it can be lonely , and it can be sexually frustrating depending on your abilities to attain sex / company . i don't necessarily hate being single though , and i will admit that i ... i've come down with an urge towards wanderlust lately . ~ ebd my biggest fears have changed over the years but these are the constant ones i've had for the majority of my life : 1 . ) spiders , damn things give me the creeps . 2 . ) centipedes , too many legs ... if you mean season 8 it's already out right now and we're about 18 episodes deep with a new episode coming out tonight . any fans of the tv show supernatural out there in this forum ? i'd be posting here more often too but as you have all seen , i post erratically . so don't feel self-conscious and thanks for keeping this thread alive ! my song right now : ... i think i can contribute to this thread . ~ ebd thanks to niffer i will never be able to look at your posts the same way again > . > . though i'm trying to determine if that is nightwing or another character in your avatar . ~ ebd i might be missing the point of the video but what i've taken away from this video is this : 1 . ) don't dread being alone , be willing to live with yourself . 2 . ) you won't always be alone so enjoy ... pop evil - monster you made because who i am isn't who i used to be and i'm not invincible i'm not indestructible i'm only human boy , don't you worry , you'll find yourself follow your heart and nothing else and you can do this , oh baby , if you try all that i want for you , my son , is to be satisfied simple man - ... i was dead set on saying it's going to be a hard time for oneshot to change this girls mind but i realized something i generally do when i'm looking at a girl , and this might be what she's doing . i ... i've been in and out of depression for the past few months , especially after my girlfriend and i broke up . i stay strong and most days are good but sometimes when i come back to my dorm room with no ... kryptonite by 3 doors down my theme song for today it seems . ~ ebd i can relate to this , i still am a bit like this but i've been getting better over time . what i suggest you do is to not care as much anymore . it seems very counter intuitive to us because we are the ... i don't know what particular song i'm listening to right now per-say but , i am listening to this entire album . ... a friend of mine told me about the myers briggs personality test and i decided to take an online test , from there i did a search on my personality type and eventually found personality cafe . i joined ... i've seen this around the other type forums and thought we could have our own . so ... what song are you currently listening to right now ? ! ? ! must include the author and song title but you can ... yeah i used to be like that , well to an extent i still can be but not nearly as much as i used to be . i find we lose ourselves when we try to make others happy too much by not reacting to something ... do you wear a mask for the outside world ? different masks for interacting with different people ? if i'm feeling down and i'm not around my friends i'll typically put on a happy looking mask for ... i can relate to this , my favorite thing to do is to play devils advocate in an argument i find that is too one sided . i only find myself being indecisive when i try to find an absolute solution or a ... this pretty much describes me , i used to be catholic but once i actually got out into the world i became agnostic . i tend to shy away from the topic in general just because it can get a bit heated . ... 1 . ) the paranormal and everything related to it . 2 . ) meditation , have to keep yourself balanced . 3 . ) music , music , and more music . 4 . ) psychology 5 . ) people or rather meeting new people , ... i've noticed two things wrong with this in the scientific world . 1 . ) you are making a claim on personal observation and unless you have witnessed this in every situation possible you are making a ... i like to drive aimlessly and talk with my friends or by myself just to clear my head . if i'm walking and talking it's usually both me and the other person walking and talking not just me pacing . i ... first i've got to say congrats ! now i'll get on topic ! it's not out of the realm of possibilities in my opinion . it comes down to the strength of your bond to him and his bond to you in the end ... if this topic had come up about couple of months ago i wouldn't have been able to say if i had ever been in love with confidence . but this isn't the case now so i'll start with a song that i think ... and this this bands a bit of a guilty pleasure of mine but i feel this song today . ~ ebd haven't been here in a while but i thought this song is pretty dear to an enfj's soul when they have a so .  ... you are an idealist as an idealist , you are distinctive for your integration of confidence , imagination , willingness to explore , and desire for competence over style . you have a strong capacity ... yeah i feel almost energized by this . ~ ebd : cool : marry christmas to all ! i'm here to spread some cheer for the downed and depressed , some love for the unloved , and some of my unlimited hope for those who are feeling hopeless . today is a day of ... a bit conflicted , so this song suits me a lot . ~ ebd you are not alone sir cause i have some inspiring anime scenes too , these scenes are part of the reason my avatar is what it is . : ... ~ ebd it's late and i'm a bit tired but maybe i can give some insight , just ask me about anything that doesn't make sense or i've worded weird . now i can't be sure if your friend is an enfj , but based ...  ... when disappearing randomly between conversations becomes one of your things your known for when checking up on people who live in your dorm . ~ ebd i've got a lot of these , so here i go : - music that really brings out my mood or improves it . - my just doing the most mondane things with my friends . - a warm shower for a cold day where you come ... marzipan 01 o . o i like that yin and yang symbol and it almost looks like it has a dragon in it ! it looks really cool to me right now : laughing : . it reminds me of this sorta : ... i have my own blog , it's not big and i update it irregularly but here it is if anyone's interested thoughts from the man who stares at the night sky . it's my own personal blog and i post whatever ... i love the original song , but for some reason this song is hitting me today , and it's not because i'm in a bad mood the song just sounds cool today . ... what is the worst insult a person could say to you ? somethings can effect me more than others but i've slowly just allowed them to scratch the surface now . it's more on what people do to me that ... i think i know what your talking about and really never thought of it as putting myself into a feeling zone . i can induce a certain feeling by feeling it like you described but if i want it to ... what were the nicest things anyone has ever said to you ? i've had a lot of these , but one of the most recent ones was your a pillar of strength and probably my favorite was the things you say ... i feel like a strange combo of these two songs .  i like the feeling but at the same time i'm kind ... enfj's are : the people you call at obscure hours cause you know they'll talk with you about anything at almost anytime . ~ ebd when your weird but in a good way becomes a common complement among new friends or when you become closer to people you've spent very little time with . ~ ebd '