' i'd be shocked if the guy wasn't into you based on what you said , especially if your friends are seeing it too . but , you also said he was engaged , she left , and he was really hurt by that . it ... well , we are sitting here trying to pick a wedding date and just logged on to perc to see the date of the first message i sent her :) then i saw the notification about this thread , haha . to answer ... i don't see how taking back someone who cheated on you is even a question for people . i've never heard of a relationship that was awesome before someone decided to break the biggest trust issue that ... i see . i guess for me , i view programming small side apps or plugins as more true passive income unlike the kind of internet marketing and entrepreneurship that i know you and i are both more than ... i'm curious why you say this , as it seems like programming is the perfect job for being location independent ? perhaps not if you work at initech , i suppose , and i guess it also depends on the type of ... i'm sure he is very genuine in what he is saying . and it is possible that this person is your soulmate or whatever . but what is way more possible is that he is in the honeymoon phase and is ... i'm guessing she doesn't really want your logic . she wants you to just be there as a shoulder to cry on . she doesn't want to hear the answer , she just wants to be emotional and feel accepted for it ... i'm from new jersey . i say howyoudoin ? , 1 word , and the expected reply back is howyoudoin . now that i live in texas , this happens quite a bit : nope . i make it a habit to not think about my last ex ; she is my ex for a reason . the other was long ago and i simply don't think about her any longer , because i also made it a habit to stop thinking ... i can barely stand the mess , but i haven't had the desire to tidy it up and clear everything off lately . i imagine it will go back to being very organized this weekend though . 65664 there isn't any job i've come across that screams hey infp people ! this job that will work for all of you gives you tons of time , freedom , money , as much interaction with other people as you want at ... i used to procrastinate like crazy , and i think it is really important to understand the root of procrastination and why you do it . underneath everything , you are making the connection in your ... damnit , that caught me off guard and i'm at work . luckily i think i stifled the laugh in time . as for the original post , a lot of restaurant waste has creative uses . you don't know that it is all ... just had to say i really like your work . very creative :) i didn't expect to like it so much when i saw the first picture in your gallery at a glance , but then i looked closer and kept going . it's ok to be your own person :) you don't have to fit every stereotype about what an infp is . no one here does , and many people here are an enigma to themselves still . it's ok ; it's all part of a ... as laeona posted in a much sweeter way than i will be , you have a choice here . the issue is about your attitude . your first sentence puts it out there that you feel entitled to a job because you need ... for me , it is freaking awesome being with my infp . for other people , it might be miserable . it all depends on who you are and what you need in a relationship , and who the other person is and ... have you gotten on linkedin and networked with people in fields you want to work in ? introduced yourself to people who run the groups based on those jobs , and asked if they would take a moment to ... i can totally relate to this . in fact my story is pretty much spot on . my parents divorced when i was 5 , and i moved around a lot before settling down around 10 years old . i started to crack a little ... today has gone swimmingly . i installed a solid state drive into my computer , loaded windows on it , upgraded all my software to the latest editions , and then capped the night off by watching my devils ... over . seeing it under annoys me , but i wouldn't say i freak out over it . luckily i don't have this issue as we removed our toilet paper holder since it kept hitting my leg , and the roll instead ... i was a very big fan of this article when i read it a few days ago . i wouldn't say it is the entirety of what life is all about , but everything listed certainly is a harsh truth that you need to ( or ... i think long distance relationships only make sense if you know you have the means to meet and then possibly make it a regular relationship very quickly ( within about 6 months at the most probably ) , ... for the first time in 4 years working at my current job , i can feel my mind and body revolting against me and wanting to force me to quit . the thing that scares me is i think unless something ... perhaps you should learn to pace yourself a bit ? saying well this is just how i am and considering yourself hypocritical for thinking to do something different is silly . there is no reason to ... i think there is some mistaking of confidence with ego . they are two separate things . confidence exudes from you from your state of being . this is not to say that you can't fake it , but you also ... i'd love to see them do the sequels around the thrawn trilogy . that'd be absolutely perfect . as for all the talk from everyone on the internet about disney possibly ruining it , i'm trying to ... you don't have to be a jerk to get girls to like you . in fact , while you might get lucky being a jerk and acting manipulative , you certainly won't find love that way . i feel like there is a ... it sounds to me like you simply need to develop yourself more . i think you will never be able to live with another person until you start attending to your own needs . at that point , it simply won't ... thank you for posting that . it saved me all the time . i actually have that video on my list of things to watch again soon , maybe now will be a good time . for those that clearly have more knowledge ... i think you should stick with the link listed above about supporting a victim of domestic abuse and leave it at that . you can't talk her into leaving him , nor should you . sadly , she is going to have ... that reminds me of the man show when jimmy kimmel would start talking to guys who came into the bathroom , saying stuff like you call that a penis ? not sure i could hold a straight face through ... i don't mind the stereotypes , though i do think this forum gets filled with way too many do all infps - blank - ? i think many of those threads can be opportunities for other infps , especially older ... i never really had a problem with the urinal , but it used to really bother me that other people could hear me when i'd be in a stall . then i realized : i never know anyone else in the bathroom 99 % ... it sounds to me like you are grappling with the same insecurities most people feel when they start to fall for someone else . the most important thing i can say is do not make decisions for her . by ... everyone should put headphones on and turn them up to max volume before listening to any of these . it's the only way to truly feel the raw power of all of them in my opinion . ... you have asked this question so many times now . you know everyone's answers . the people responding have been both soft , kind , and nice , and they have also been straight-forward and hard on you ... this one is up to you . you are going to have to follow through if you really mean what you say in that you will do anything to avoid a dead end office job ; this includes working at mcdonald's if you ... hey man :) 2012 has been insane . laura and i spent the first 4 months busting our asses hoping to get out of houston by summer but it was just too much too soon . since we are constantly doing so ... i am very anxiously awaiting my samsung galaxy s3 with at & t . the phone cost only $ 150 upgrading through amazon wireless ( i was eligible for the 2 - year upgrade ) . you are limited to only 16gb onboard ... it's ok to be you ! i can't say i totally understand this since i've never been in this position like others on here replying , but i think everyone has to come to terms with sexuality in some way ... i've already met someone from here :) would continue to do so , depending on the person . love doctor who ! we have a stuffed adipose plush doll on our bed and a tardis coffee mug in the kitchen :P tennant is my favorite , not only because he was the best doctor , but also i thought the ... ok , well if you have that down and understood it and actually did planning with it , why aren't you planning other things ? why not look around and memorize a big list of basic topics to talk about ? ... i would absolutely love to hear some of these stories . i'm hoping to be able to break away once i finally get past some debts and other things going on and try living on some work exchange places and ... i'm sure a few infps will jump on me for this , but i really think you should go read the game by neil strauss , or better yet the rules of the game maybe . i'm not suggesting that you become a ... this guy was in what the bleep do we know ? as well . if you haven't seen that , it would be right up your alley if you really enjoyed this . making / keeping exercise part of my routine a few days a week and learning to program . thanks everyone :) i had an idea for a script on a website i wanted to pull off , so i decided to delve into php finally so that i can at least get that under my belt considering i already do so much ... after doing a little bit of searching , i wasn't quite able to come up with the answers i'm looking for and decided to make a new thread . i know there are a few infp programmers out there and i'm ... '