' well mlgs are a thing m8 we are here just for the lolz yep , i do used my friends computer to login now that you said , i was thinking about it being the reason but i dont knew that the site worked that way , there is a way to fix it ? another possible reactions : if you give an estp a cookie , they'll try to smoke it . if you give an istj a cookie , they'll include it on their daily report if you give an intp a cookie , ... lol something really weird happened , suddenly my account was fused , like mine account had absorved my friends account named as kobold . you can verify the trutness of my statement by observing ... just think that the better you do , faster you'll go through the more suicidals the world have , less suicidals the world have well , if you have hypochondriac attacks , like ever thought about that new internal zit being a terminal stage tumor , maybe you have inferior si . i highly recommend the collapsing universe on science stuff and sophie's world that is kind of a novel about philosophy , one of the best books i've ever read in general , it's simply outstanding so it means that in the time there was no papers there was no scientists ? it isn't as bureaucratic as you are making it sounds . scientist in a nutshell is someone who is highly engaged in some ... 1 - i hate lists 3 - people who skip numbers makes me sick 4 - i don't like irony 5 - and neither uncompleted lists 6 - i'm currently into savant , this are my favorite songs right now , melody circus just sounds like a intense pokemon battle . so damn awesome to listening to with the volume on high until my brain melt ... both songs are perfect , if it was a poll , i would vote on handlebars , also i'm the only one who thinks that rhett is an entp ? but in relation about weird al songs , i think that this one is more ... bill nye is the ceo of the planetary society successor of carl sagan , and he is probably and entp , he also rocks on debates , you dont wanna mess with the science guy . adam savage from ... brazil vs germany in a nutshell books are usually great , i'm reading more than usual this days , but i can get lost on the track easily @ - @ and i'm the only one who reads multiple books at the same time ? i'm taking turns between ... recently i'm reading more literally theory or psychology stuff such as kersey . but currently i'm reading both the collapsing universe ( isaac asimov ) and sophie's world ( jostein gaarder ) i ... what about threads running as chat rooms ? technically the first part of the sentence wouldn't be a statement ? do you find pointless nonsense questions from nowhere boring ? oh man this show is awesome , i mean , rick is an portrait of entps with all the traits pushed to the highest level , and how this uncontrollable chaos can be a constructive thing . one of my favorite ... i think that some games can be good for ne dons , especially the ones that make you to deal with complex problems , dayz and even minecraft is a really good example , well but then comes up to your ... i'm just saying that adhd / add should be not considered as a disease or a trastorn but more likely a human condition , i mean , obviously that the brain will work different in different people , look at ... i don't belive that is such a thing as adhd , even in the helm of pedagogi it it still a metter of discussion , if there is no chemical unbalance or proved neurological problems in the individual that ... - not amused - i want a cat - backache - needs to sleep - sleeps - where i can click to sleep ? worrying about something don't necessarily means that you are being emotionally disturbed , it just means that you care about the situation of something , even though more emotionally unstable ... i this not quite like fear , even though fear can be a part of it , in this situation it's more like that you aren't contented about the way that your country turn to be so you are worried about it's ... yeah i agree partly with the second half , but think about it , if there is a bad government like , full of corrupts or something , if the people don't worry about the situation , maybe they could not get ... well if you don't worry about something , it can mean that you don't cares about what it will be or what it is , but i think that you can worry about certain situation , like political or social , caring ... i found ridiculous when people over-worry about things , getting really stressed by something at the point of losing their heads . but at the same time , lack of worry can lead to conformism and it's ... conceptual artist would work well i guess creative director or art director would be awesome , something where you have to say how the things should be done , but with less care about actually doing it ... just try to exercise your pness and you'll be just fine . there was a mathematician , a physicist and an engineer , their boat wrecked on a desert island , then they decided to split up to find some resources . the engineer found a coconut-tree so he decided ... i'm 16 to , and my avarege amount of sleep in a week is probably 5 to 6 , it's affect me a little , i use to sleep alot in the classes , i don't know how is experience the effects of the weed since i've ... as amazing as jumping into an anthill don't think that you have lost 1 year of life now , think that you are a survivor of 1 year on earth ;) happy birthday and party hard ! ... when you win a clue match in the first round . look at this chainsaw arms bear * - * he just looks so awesome entp - delight you are happy because you are engaged in and curious about the world . the smallest things life your spirits . you love that life is full of surprises . you can always see what's ... 1 . your mother tongue : brazilian portuguese 2 . languages you learn / learnt in school ( for more than 5 years ) , that you ( most often ) can understand / write / speak : brazilian portuguese 2.1 languages ... walk on the tall grass , find an enxp girl , punches her until she almost fainted , and finally throws a pokéball . ( if she is shiny or a legendary one , don't hesitate on using a master ball , it can be ... i had the same doubt about if i i ’ m an entp or enfp , since i could really feel in my skin when some character on a show or person enter in a shameful situation , and actually having some sort of ... well , i tend to like things that have alot of content to talk about and discuss , like pokémon , zombies , mlp , other cartoons and some animes , most of the things that i like have so much going on that is ... yeah , i can understand plenty well how are the people feeling or will feel , and i truly care about the feelings of who is important to me afterall , but at the same time , using extreme logic while ... happy birthday pal ! even though i'm just getting started on here o / for the same reason that marth , the necromancer who choked on a fly doesn't exists . man , if you are trying to pissing some entp off , you gonna have a bad time . i usually dont get pissed of for everything , is hard to me to geting really angry with someone . it is like having a ... why wouldn't work ? or what can go wrong ? socks getting screwed , in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 120154 who cares about those close front rounded vowels ? those things are always messing up my life ... '