' ... as for the famous enfp / intj couples , real life or otherwise , i can't say that i'm aware of any . i've actually never heard that before . i was under the impression that infps are more overrepresented in fiction than enfps are . for some reason copper looks like darth sidious to me right now and i can't unsee it . lol yeah , pretty much ...  ... apparently we don't have one of these around here right now ... so i decided to fix that . ( most of these memes in this initial post are older and you've probably already seen if you ever bothered ... noted . thanks ! do we have a good enfp meme thread around here somewhere , or do i have to make one up ? same . i'm actually a pretty good editor , probably much better than i am a writer . i've been using libreofficewriter for a couple of years , but lately i've been having trouble with my eyes and would like to get a program that's a bit less aesthetically harsh and more customizable ... going a bit off topic , i definitely get the writing problem . i am incapable of writing like a normal person . and i'm not a product of the public school system , so i wasn't ever really forced to learn ... the majority of my dreams : i like the name giselle , but i'm not sure if i would actually name my kid that . i like anya , too . and kezia . i like the name logan a lot . and caleb , but caleb has become really overused in the ... yep . enfp . closest friends : intj , infj , intp ( ? ) . imo , a lot of modern feminism and groups like mgtow are both retarded , and are pretty much just hate groups . there are small handfuls of arguments that both are right on , but the conclusions they ... yes and no . pregnancy is an incredible thing . but throwing up for a few months every day , back pain , hormonal emotions , stretch marks , the agony of labor , getting stitches in your hoo-ha , and wearing ... lol ... pregnancy = biological privilege ... dude , if you wanna carry a developing baby around for 9 months and push it out of your genitals , you be my guest . ... thanks for the graph ; i would have added that to the poll if i'd thought of it . ( i won't now though , since the thing is right there below the main post for all the world to reference as needed . ) the ... linear thinking is the process by which x93linear thinkersx 94 put things in order as they experience them and how they express them . their thinking process proceeds in a sequential manner , like a ... my husband tells me this on a regular basis . which amuses me , because for someone who's supposedly flying blind part of the time , he very often seems to know just what i need when i need it . yes , enfps totally dig that . anytime i hear somebody talking smack about robert e . lee , i get a little frothy at the mouth - but in a nice , ... * passes falling foxes an origami crane * i can't speak for all intjs , but mine definitely loves me . ^ - ^ or do we ? but yeah , we like coffee shops . but we may be lurking in the dark corners , because we're extroverted , but not always that extroverted ... * is definitely lurking in a corner in a coffee ... when i saw sleeping with socks all i could think about were bad puns about different people's socksuality and socksual preferences . i wish i could say i was sorry , but i am not sorry . not one ... semi-auto bullpup shotgun , w / rapid change magazine ... plenty of devastating explosive power , fast , and ideal for ... i've been curious about those markers ... i tend to simply let it pass and start up again when something hits me . however , this is coming from the perspective of someone whose art is , for the most part , spontaneous . i often just start ...  i'm not even sorry . a lot of people know milky chance , but annen may kantereit is new to me ; a friend just introduced me .  i ...  lateral thinking = 9000 + the first time i saw this quiz i actually closed it out without bothering with the questions because they seemed to be either really obvious or weird , such that i started second-guessing myself ... when you're just being yourself and you realize you're scaring people . ( that backwards lean and that weight shift and ... this guy seems like a viable candidate . i'm getting better at typing people . a friend of mine was complaining about how a friend of hers is an intelligent and highly educated woman , but that she insists on hanging out with and admiring ... the great part is that he can dance to pretty much anything and it'll still seem legit . this song is one of the best / worst things ever to listen to while watching it . ...  the short answer is , because he isn't hillary clinton . i don't like him . for many , many , many reasons . but he's better ( at least marginally ) than hitlery would have been . i get along with all kinds of people and there are a lot of different kinds of people i would hand out with , but when it comes to friends , i tend to have acquaintances , friends , and legitimate ...   that , too . '