' steve job's was recognized for his striving for efficiency and practicality . his genius is in his systemization of inventions , less so than in invention . this is where claims of se and te come from . pencil . not inf fe . type ~ = emotion , type = = what drove emotion obvious troll but either way , he'd get there by use of his ni or te . you can get any behavior with any cognition , all cognition describes is the thought process , which may be prone to develop certain behaviors ... every edgy ntp and their mother acts on their off days . the very idea of ' borrowing ' types and progressively chameleoning screams ne and fe , specifically in that order . it's cause you spend all your time irl ignoring your need for expression , so now you're excitedly exaggerating and projecting your weirdness because you get aroused off the image of you it puts in ... just gonna ignore all your rules . si - normal se - fighting ni - psychic ne - electric ti - steel te - dark fi - grass fe - fairy ixfj must research si vs ni , i suck at those two . well i think it's being used in a more advisory sense , not moral . most people like to be in the group , and it's quite healthy considering the type of animals we are . so people tend to correctly ... bad quiz , bad link . i've experienced a prolonged state of sadness & other emotions as a result of external & internal factors that i've since conquered . i don't think it's reasonable to call this as clinical for the ... verbal expression is usually how you open people up to that demonstration . ' i'm good at xx . ' ' oh really ? show me . ' socially antagonizing verbal expression often prevents people from being opened up ... grandiosity is an ' unrealistic sense of superiority ' . what if my sense of superiority actually isn't unrealistic , and is instead based on logic ? i'd imagine you'd say that it's impossible to think ... that is the reaction most people would have , most people being submerged in a sort of anti-exhibitionist mentality . the expression of any single person's strength always comes with an implicit ... people misinterpreting fe for te somehow . if she's an nt she's an entp / intp . it's most probable that she's an sfj . i think i'm intellectually superior to the average person . ridiculous . um , its perfectly reasonable to instruct a person on what they should ( do ) in order to ( be like them ) , just as it would be perfectly reasonable to instruct a person on what they should ( do ) in ... take multiple intelligences test all perfectionism is being ' hard on your self ' . i types . [ 5 yo ] a different job for every day of the week cause my interests changed too fast . architect , scientist , musician , gardener , painter , writer and something else . incredibly so . understanding everyone and my own fe in particular ( plus a little nietzche , which i only read to figure out te ) allowed me to destroy my anxiety and general sadness . im a narcissistic conversationalist . when you thought about how these words came to be , you didn't consider the purpose of language , or the human pursuit of practicality . a lot of the conundrums you suppose don't actually have a ... those tests are very blatantly flawed , and anyone who's read jung should see this just by reading the questions and related function . stop being lazy when you see an inconsistence . don't alter the ... it's simple . do you want to die ? a lot of people , due to the structure of our brains , don't wanna die . in order to most effectively preserve our lives , working together in a society is somewhat ... if you wanna alleviate yourself from a year of traveling through bullshit classics in the history of psychology - - jung ( 1921/1923 ) chapter 10 you listen behaviors . this is a cognitive theory ... a development : ' around 100 people killed at paris concern hall ' you went on a rant about how typology is about the thought process that influences the behavior , not the behavior , then linked socionics descriptions that literally point out behaviors in every ... istps , give complete reasons . well i live in new york , a calm part . in my recent experience if you show complete confidence and look at them directly in the eye while being condescending they'll flock off and cry . i'd imagine that the prevailing sterotype is that tj's , stj's moreso , are right-winged . the feeling function in jung is that which identifies wants . the thinking function in jung identifies true / false . of course identifying true / false is the means by which we develop values and ... each one of them at some point except 7 . isfp if you end up telling us what your type is , and it's not isfp , tell me why you disagree with isfp . do fi-doms just camp this forum ? the entj's will isn't bound by such pathetic forces such as drowning . the strong entj commands water to move ! create the heavens . then go back and participate in the real world as an immortal being , constantly changing personas each lifetime . the heavens seem boring . as many questions as you wish . 1 . well , i already have plenty of ntp friends , so entj + infj . the both ni high-ends create enough contrast to my personality for me to be pretty interested in ... i don't feel comfortable with changing things that have happened . it's more related to a certain appreciation for the stability of mind and thought . it'd essentially alter the memories of everyone ... 1 . i did this some time back and decided it'd be fun to do again . 2 . in perc , the intp forums and cognitive functions forum . irl , at my house . 3 . nothing constant . whatever philosophical notion ... im self teaching myself piano , so i can play a bunch of random anime themes . i was doing guitar some time back , but not enough attention span . ask questions , quickly ! i may or may not bite . you should go on the what's my personality type forum for this . you can do that one if you're willing to ... ne - fe is much better at doing this than ni - fi . more likely an intp quality than an intj quality . all n types ? maybe your s function just developed ? all n types ? maybe your s ... looks like we have to purge 15 people . we shouldn't imagine that our subjective experiences constitute the experiences of the many , or the reality , unless we perceive a mechanism in our subjective experience that ensures it will be ... ^ ^ but first we should ask , are these attributes or aspects you're associating to certain types actually related to those types functionally , or are they gross simplifications outputted by a random ... if i may ask , what were the contradicting results you got ? your functions seem to be te-fi and ni - se , i can't really discern anything else definitely . '