' there's no conspiracy . people don't tell you because they simply don't know . the vast majority of people pay more attention to what the kardashians are wearing than to what's happening in world ... you've been warned . what has been seen , cannot be unseen ! : shocked :: shocked :: laughing :: laughing :: ninja : haha . totally hear ya . with my friends and family it's kind of a patronizing , and what random target / stereotype are you out to destroy today , impavida ? :P guaranteed way to piss me off and make me lose all respect for you : shoot down or dismiss my plans / ideas as being unrealistic or unattainable . douche , do you even know me at all ? my entire life ... suzuki sv650 . my first bike , and it won't be my last ! probably . lol ! travel threads tend to catch my attention on this forum :D very well travelled . i've visited 60 + countries on 6 continents so far . lived / worked / studied on 4 different continents between the ages of 18-25 . road-tripped across canada , but still have ... i'm always happy . usually bored half to death ... but happy , nonetheless . all of the above . i didn't fit into any single group because i fit into all of them . i was a mixture of athlete , brainer , band geek , party girl , class clown and outcast . end result was loner , or ... in the grand scheme of things , my childhood wasn't that bad . i never suffered from a lack of material support or life guidance . i did , however , grow up in an emotional void . emotionally ... i have a full-time job , a mortgage and two cats . beyond that ... i wouldn't consider anything about my life to be normal . i base that conclusion on how difficult it is for me to relate to the ... old thread , but whatevs . as others have said , public speaking ( ie ; speeches , presentations ) is no problem at all for me , so long as i know my subject matter well . i also do better winging it then ... impossible to type him without meeting him in person . all we see of him is his public persona - a character / image that he has sculpted over the years because it benefits him . none of us has any ... if you have no interest in maintaining a functional relationship with this person , what is the point of apologizing ? also , an apology should be something that will benefit the person who is ... at the risk of sounding arrogant as f--k : i'm tired of always being the impressive one . is it too much to ask to meet someone who impresses * me * for a change ? it's a constant battle . the only thing that has worked for me thus far is to drastically lower my expectations of everyone and everything . i'm most likely to shut down and call it quits when ... some people simply have zero understanding of what introversion is . despite the fact that i'm extremely outgoing for an introvert , my ex-husband ( entj ) constantly used to push me to socialize more . ... hot bath . epsom salts . wine . that is all . i actually don't read that much anymore ... damn you , netflix ! my go to novels are generally either fantasy or adventure . i've got a lot of clive cussler , matthew reilly and dan brown on my book ... i'll just quote myself from the what went wrong ... ? thread in the relationship forum :P i'm a chameleon . my daily wear is cargo pants , steel toed boots and fitted tees . however , i have no problem with ball gowns and stilettos if the siuation dictates it . my natural state is tomboy ... how aware are you of unmet needs ? strangely aware , yet oblivious at the same time . lol ! i'll be consciously aware of an issue , but i'll rationalize and dismiss it as minor or unimportant . i'll ... onna 04 from what you've shared so far , i agree with enigma 15 it could be that he's not that into you , or it could be that he's really not interested in a relationship at all at this point in ... dinner tonight was 1lb of mussels and some belgian beer . revenge never tasted so sweet ( with a hint of garlic too ) : cool :: laughing : who knew that paddle boarding could be so dangerous ? ? f-ing zebra mussels ... 588634 tattoo consultation booked for tomorrow . fingers crossed that it will be good news . i've been wanting to get this cover-up done for almost 10 years now ... istp type 7 . i'm a tactile & visual learner . for the most part , i prefer to be self-taught . although i'm much more motivated in a classroom setting , i generally find classes to be far too long ... double tap axe throwing league ? ? why yes , i am interested ... i loved programming in machine code . loved it ! ! ! it just made so much sense to my brain . i remember the final exam for that course . those of us who understood the subject were done in 20 minutes ... do you have close friends ? only 2 , and they live 4000km away from me . locally , i have several acquaintances and activity buddies , but nobody i would consider a close friend . there are a couple ... he's not interested . if he wanted to see you , he would find a way to see you . he has told you straight up that he can't be bothered to put in the effort . listen to him . i realized a couple of years ago , that the so-called golden rule of treat others as you would want to be treated is horribly flawed . as it turns out , the way an istp ( or at least this particular ... i had great plans for the day . instead i did absolutely nothing . it was glorious . flawed analysis of istps is flawed :P another banther here . played ( and still play ) typical sports , did very well in school with minimal effort , highly conflict avoidant and very easy going ... desperately need to get out on the water after work today , but it's supposed to be thunderstorms off and on until tomorrow afternoon . mother nature - 1 impavida - 0 : sad : a thought that occurred to me when i saw this thread pop up again ... i think the reason that i enjoy hugs is because they are still a novelty to me . my family was not physically affectionate at ... it will really depend on the two of you and your dynamics . i've been in a fwb relationship for the last 6 months or so . we were friends for almost a decade before the benefits started . he's istx ... i'm weird about activity . i'm basically at 0 or 100 % without much in between . i can easily sit for an entire day ( i've done 12-13 hour flights without once leaving my seat ) . but when i'm active , ... i was born and raised in bring cash . i currently live in onterrible . every province / territory has their pros and cons . in terms of politics , i would take bc over ontario any day . kathleen wynne ... annnd it's a ruptured hamstring tendon ... just what i needed to make my week better . booo ! this says isfp . istps are clueless when it comes to reading other people . emotions are a mystery to us ( including our own ) and we often come across as being very blunt and insensitive to ... how aware are you of other people's emotions ? do other's often accuse you of being insensitive or tactless ? how do you feel when people criticize you ? how do you feel about long-term ... people i can do fun things with , who share / enjoy my sense of humour and whom i can have interesting conversations with on a wide range of topics . the last couple of posts definitely resonate with me . are other istps often told they are a natural when they are learning new skills ? whenever i'm trying something for the first time in a group ... go out and meet people :P sorry , but that's really it . unfortunately , you have to go through the shallow , superficial , acquaintance phase before you can reach the deep , meaningful , friendship ... yes ... just ... an overwhelming amount of , i agree . how could a person possibly be bored in the summer ? does not compute . i have so much going on , i barely have time to sleep over the summer months . i may not remember names , but i always remember faces of people i've interacted with before . i regularly have strangers coming up to me who already know who i am . mostly in a work setting , but ... '