' no . i remember the feelings and emotions i experienced when i heard it in the past . it's really hard for me to remember the artist unless i've seen it written down and read it and taken an interest ... lol a lot of these are backhanded put downs . lots of great material for a bunch of nfs though . i see not too many signups yet . i'll do left ear , chest , mouth and swordfighting . also , will fill in for others as necessary . i can't recall a single post of yours that didn't brighten my ... estj men seem to have the easiest time in the world . they seem to be pretty clueless . must be bliss . i don't think i would change though . i've known tons of rich people who are not like this . the difference is values . his parents are really awful people who never taught him how to be a decent human being . he's now one of the most hated ... i'm not getting involved in this thread . everybody brings their own style with them in the helping professions . you will find your niche . social work is basically the secular equivalent of pastoral care . when your girlfriend kicks the door frame yell - owww ! ( as if it happened to you ) she'll be laughing in a second , thereby giving you cover . i actually have a personality quirk that i sometimes ... i get bogged down with details . i'm not messy or dirty . in fact i am very organised , as long as everything is within easy reach and right where i left it . do you have a junk drawer ? is it filled to overflowing ? when i was ... camry harem the autumn wind blowing through trees . the leaves turned vivid warm colors falling softly to the ground . parsi any infps out there have any thoughts about this ? thanks ! : lemo : sounds like you're the hippy phenotype . : wink : omg that was hot ! :p ercsmile 1 : is it the green bell peppers you dislike ? red ones are the best . maybe we get them outlawed ? ? ? ^ ^ avocados are one of my favorite foods , heretic ! : tongue : i grew up in san diego with avocados , olives , oranges . limes and lemons in my yard . my grandmother had 2 kinds of guavas and suppoda ... i understand you . some of the most beautiful people are ugly inside , and that's what i see . some of the most beautiful souls lack external beauty , but their internal beauty shines through . you ... you exploded onto the scene so to speak . ;) - - - i quit counting , but i realised recently that it's been a looong time since i've had sexual contact with a ... click on this google image search link . these spots are all between 5 and 20 miles east of utah state university campus . there are places where you can literally drive for 10 minutes , pull of the ... i've met a lot of climbers since i moved to utah 25 years ago . most are really great people and they tend to have a lean build , so that they are strong and light . most are more the thrill seeking ... some day i hope to be a psychologist and i think it's brilliant . lots of them use it . i used to go to a residents clinic , thats where new psychiatrists practice shrinking and prescribing . they all ... 5 ? i think 5 is closest . 1 u200bbecause of personal spiritual experiences i know beyond a shadow of doubt . i love bunnies too . they lose their virginity at 12 weeks . :d og : ( there isn't a bunny emoticon ) 14 . i was molested . several times by 3 different people , 2 men 1 woman , but i ran away before it went too far , so it technically wasn't sexual intercourse with her . the first time it was by ... it's gone ? ? ? : whoa : hot parties for one ! : winetime :: winetime : screw those people . to trees ! ! ! : cheers 2 : or to combine 2 like enneagram + mbti yes , the thought has occurred to me . it would be hard to come up with a theory that didn't borrow from earlier work . i like to know a person's enneagram and ... i like the hot dogs in pancakes idea . i've also sliced them down the middle , grilled them in the waffle iron for a bit then encased them in batter . maple syrup is excellent on hot dogs . and salami . practicing what ? probably because i don't want to close the door on my options . your premise is incorrect . it assumes we are assembled incorrectly . better watch it kitty , i'm getting my super soaker ... have you ever had a job ? what was it and did you love it or hate it . congratulations on the baby . temps i'm getting dolphin . hollidays by the shore do you know what type she is ? i've been trying to get through to my mother for 6 months , ( this time ) and finally i got so frustrated a couple weeks ago that i cried . crying helped . she's estp ... there are usually so many thoughts and feelings in my head and heart that my facial expression can change from one second to the next . i love to watch the eyes of of other infps when i communicate ... that's ok ... but we're not telling you where it is next year . i checked before posting but for some reason it wasn't showing . your 7 wing is associated with dressing well . what is your enneagram ? much heartache and misery . one year we lived overseas and had to attend a us military hs and loved it . my american suburban hs and ms were like torture chambers . why labs and not golden retrievers ? definitely cats ! for lower munchies stay well towards the sativa side . not as sleep inducing either . since someone mentioned it , stay away from salvia . you can completely lose touch with reality . heroin is to hard core , and i haven't tried lsd so far . marijuana i highly recommend . what it feels like varies a lot . i have done shrooms and really like them . '