' firstly , i want to say that i think estj are awesome . my fiancee is an estj . but there are some issues . my boyfriend does everything , that i ask and need . but he lacks emotion . he treats our ... christ as the center , security , dependency , loyalty , bravery , lasting love , unity . never done drugs ... dont have the desire to . ahhh ... exactly =d actually i think being a christian you find yourself . my passion to change the world derives from what god has placed into my heart . being a christian for me isnt a separate , its who i am . tall - preferably 5 ' 10-6 ' 3 and up . ( i am 5 ' 7 and could never see myself with someone the same height or shorter than me ) dark hair and dark eyes , with an exotical look . has to have bold yet soft ... marriage . i am one of those people who doesnt believe in wasting time , i cant say i date , but the purpose of a relationship for me is marriage . overall we are mysterious . and i think thats why we are confusing to the other types . the main thing we are searching for someone who loves like we do . and we strive to find the perfect relationship ... sad music , especially after a break up , or arguement , i love to listen to sappy sad sounds and ball my eyes out . and yes , i do it intentionally . am i the only one ? lol i would love to be your friend ! ! ! * e-hugs you back * =) lol 1 . i prefer a guy to be themselves , no hitting on me and asking for my number right away . but more of a subtle , hello , and asking for my name and then carrying on a light conversation , where at the ... 1 . bible 2.makeup kit 3.wallet people who like drama or who love conflict , i cant stand being around those type of people also mean and angry people , people who love degrading or putting people down . judgmental people . cant ... arrogant or stuck up , but thats my introverted side , and its hard for me to make first conversation 1 . what's your favourite three colors ? pink , yellow , black 2 . what kind of books do you like ? ? inspirational books for the most part , followed by romance , and drama . 3 . what do seek in ... you are awesome ! ! ! =) love this ! : wink : first of all , i by no means told anyone to kill themselves . so dont assume , i just feel people dont value life at all anymore , and if you are living for nothing at all . honestly , what is the point in ... but you can change it by being negative right ? ? ? =/ oh . i wouldnt be suprised if some of you people who are anti-children believe in depopulation . do the world a favor and get rid of yourself first . nothing good is ever going to come forth of this world ... i . love . you . hahahah did you hear anything i just said ? you are taking this way out of context you daydream way too much what's wrong ? what's on your mind ? you are very passionate i dont want to offend ... wow , so true . very feminine , and i love being a woman . i did have a tomboy stage , but during 8th grade , i started wearing eyeliner , and fell in love with it shortly after , lol i usually wear makeup and dress up ... rbgj lol , cute =) i dont use people , but people tend to use me . but as far as substance , yes i look for that quality in friends , and mates . it has to be going somewhere , or we should try to achieve a greater purpose ... ^ ^ ^ arent you an infp yourself ? sade-war of the hearts i love her ! janet jackson-come back to me and this is exactly why things wont change , because people think its not possible . thank you for this ! ! ! my point exactly . how are you helping the problem by assuming people are all bad ? ? what does that say about you as an individual . i just have a problem with people who complain ... i dont want to get religious but since i am a christian woman , and i have a belief system , i am going to say ; sin . the result of the world being the way it is , and children who are innocent growing ... i am really hesistant to be sure if someone is interested unless they make that contact . i am way too timid , and still trying to overcome some trust issues . i usually think guys half ulterior motives ... adding to the problem ? so theres no hope now ? true we live in sick and selfish world . but i am definitely not going to have a sadistic mentality and say : oh i dont want to bring the gift of life ... what would life be without children ? i'm just saying ... i find it strange that most infp's are saying the dont want kids , i guess we are just passionate infp's hahaha this ! ! ! yes i love children , and no offense , i find people who dont want them to be rather self consumed . there is nothing more precious than a child . i am actually studying to be a missionary doctor , and in ... i have no interest in tv , but when i do , its either something chilling , like ghost hunters , or a documentary , so for the most part , the history channel , sifi , discovery channel , and a occasional ... havent watched it yet , =/ i have trouble keeping friends because i just feel people dont understand be , besides that , i just feel people in todays world dont view friendship the way i do , i want to grow with someone but all ... she will never tell you , because we are always second guessing , and thinking things will end bad . just compliment her , and take an interest in her , ask for her fbook page or something i would have to do the suffering , but this is only in relation to christ and to saving others . we infps are really interested in people . when we are interested we want to know everything . when you replied busy , he was most likely offended and thinks you are not interested thats why you are not ... that we are mindless , and we have no sense of direction . that we are impulsive , and maybe lack self control 1 . because we naturally stand out , and people are intrigued by us . 2 . lol i have no clue 3 . let people think what they want , the more mysterious the more we drive them crazy haha i have to get up immediately , because i hate disappointing others . this would never happen to me concerning work . it definitely has to be about something i have passion about . i hate routine work , and it has to involve helping others . 1 . never 2 . yes 3 . jesus , love , relationships , and how i can impact the world 1 . i enjoy work for its own sake 2.security for myself and my family is very important to me . 3 . i am always or nearly always ready to challenge the status quo . 4 . i prefer a quiet ordinary ... yeah , people definitely take my shyness for a weakness . they think i am naive and dont know much , especially guys . its rather annoying '