' newton's universal gravity law . i mean seriously , where would we be if nothing followed that law ? dust particles in space . well , if money and time was no object , i would backpack my way around the world . i would go where ever my feet led me in a westward fashion ; only using money when i absolutely needed to . i always ... i'm still laughing ! xd  workaround is working for me , and i'm using ff 8.0 double click the edit post , edit post like normal , hit submit , fatal error ! ! ! , ignore that and open a new tab , revist same thread , everything is ... i drink tea , unsweetened 95 % of the time . i also like cider , hot or cold , cider is one of the best drinks in the world . a guy can't spread appreciation of complex trigonometric functions without being called feelery ? what's this world coming to ? copy and paste ( sqrt ( cos ( x ) ) * cos ( 400 * x ) + sqrt ( abs ( x ) ) -0.4 ) * ( 4 - x * x ) ^ 0.1 to google have a nice day ! :) i thought i was slightly ocd but doback confirmed i'm just slightly istj . you know you're an istj when you have your closet organized by color and type of clothing / shoes . * also freaking out about not being able to edit posts * i take offense . i'm not the least bit feelery . at least i don't think i am . but i do agree that 9 ' s don't fit in the stereotypical istj ... fix'd : ninja : i laughed so hard ... warning : contains swearing . i actually like this test a lot . i find the description of myself to be quite accurate . even though i don't overly enjoy the position of leader i find others putting me into it more often than not . ... the rush of making a deadline at the last minute , and putting out the best quality product . analyzing myself and others .  edit : two more ... i know you were just getting some ideas out which is really needed , but i think it would also be helpful if the poll ideas also contained choices . i like the 12 days of christmas one , but it ...  i believe their backstories are pretty well explained out now ; the reader now has a pretty good feel of where the characters ' walk of life has taken them . their personalities could use some work , but ... me on top of crane mt . me after losing the trail and my wallet and bushwhacking down the ... that's bad , but the six month old site poll on languages is what's really killing me . help me out and suggest new polls here : ... i tried making this once . we had two and a half snowmen and the 2/3 of the big pile before the yard was out of snow . i swear though , one day this will be my front yard . lmao we're missing someone though  istj - duct tape i've said it several times before , istjs are the duct tape of society . i think that there should be a thread for site poll suggestions from which happy or one of the other admins or mods can choose a new poll . and that the poll should be updated weekly or biweekly . also ... no it's perc . i'm going to be tuning out till this is all over . if that's what you want to do , then no , it is not underachieving . i knew a cook who had the opportunity to own his own restaurant and he chose to remain a cook . he knew he didn't want go through the ... motivation to achieve comes from yourself . if you don't enjoy what you are doing then you won't be motivated to do better . if you are enjoying what you do then you won't have to force yourself to do ...  my laptop's desktop my log-on screens i like to do that too . i don't post them on the net , cause i don't have a place to do it though . if we have any other istjs i think we should start an istj photography thread , i know i would like to ... i know but if someone comes asking , it's now easy to say , please reference page 80 . * contributing to burying . * we look like the ones you don't want to mess with . very similar to the intj , except we don't have the signature intj death stare . part of the relative safety that one assumed they had when posting pictures to this thread was the massive size of it . a picture would be buried in a matter of days . that's all gone now . * hugs mbti enthusiast * mood : dead reason : attempted to hug someone . intjs are great , as long as you're on their good side . i know a couple and we get along real well , we seem to get each other's sense of humor . i've been looking at interesting food . when i saw this i was like - D: wtf pie does not do that σ ( ゜ д ゜ ;)  well sorry to rain on you parade . xd well i figured out the song now . it took a while before i remembered anything other than lalalalalalalala wana know the nice thing about self graded exams ? 160 . * maximum potential achieved ! * i'd make this into an actual quiz but i'm feeling too lazy atm . [ / contradictory post ] i got 23 > _ > i think this test made me 2 points more empathetic .  '