' intj and a proud follower of the baha'i faith , the latest religion for our time . music , i like to do work with my music playing and i like to think in the shower . more or less i get my best ideals in the shower . in my ideal world everyone would be equal ( with rights and freedoms not by mass obviously lol ) you would not have to watch what you say to people , show little emotion to none ( if you please ) people ... by whos standards are you compareing people too , everyone has a different outlook on whose stupid or an asshole . i tried to leave a few times but he will say how he needs me and that he loves me , we are not close friends we just talk about once a week , and he always likes to touch my face and my hair when we ... i dated this on guy , broke up with him . he made me feel good , said nice things , i broke up with him cause he was not very respectful . but i still have feelings for him , we are just friends now and he ... here is a good song , i guess . it sort of inspires me not hate everyone . :p roud : ] yes i been stalking them , but you seem to go along with everything they do ... so by watching them you came up alot too :) ya i talk in my head , argue with myself ( about doing something like ya go do this and this , then other voice chimes in saying all the cons to that , or if i have one voice saying its okay everyone ... i will step out as a lurker , i been watching this forum from afar for 2 weeks , watch.observing the people around here and i would like to become one . :) i see a fellow intj has found you guys as ... enfj's are what makes the world go round and are the best thing to happen to people ( and best thing to happen to me :) ) i generally dislike math , really hate geometry , but algebra is ok . i am new , they need to get to know me , dont make me snap my fingures in a z formation , head rotation , hip circulation , elbow elbow wrist wrist man u just got dissed ! what ! ... i have a bad memory too , if i need to remember something i have to write it on my hand or i will go to do and get distracted / a better ideal of something to do . it helps to have memory triggers for ... evil son of a gun , lol you dont deserve slaves , lets have the enfj's decided well , enfj's are not money , they are living people , you cannot own they all to yourself , i am not asking for you to share with everyone , just me :p roud :: happy :: happy :: happy :: happy :: wink : 1 ) your friend just committed a serious felony , he wants to hide out at your house . what do you do ? - let him . - tell him no , but you won't mention that he was there . - tell him no , and report him ... i dont wear nail polish , i find it a waste of energy and dont really see a point in doing it . i am not stealing , i am sharing them with you without asking . : tongue : ( bam ! ! the tounge comes out again , plus i dodge your attack in the bushes with lighting fast reflexes : kitteh : ) i dont really read it all , i just skim and hit the key words , i only read yours head to toe because i had the same problems when i was first starting . :p roud : ah come on i am sure there is enough enfj to go around for us . : laughing :: happy :: kitteh : heck they have enough for the whole world but i rather it all for myself . : tongue : i consider myself a new enfj enthusiast , enfj's are such wonderful people who seem to just understand me and my feelings that confuse even me . i been reading alot about this type , and my best friend ... i am not sure it would make a big difference , there is not many intj's . welcome to the forum , i hope you find it as enlightening as i did , i am learning french and it is some much fun learning about the language and their culture . :) do you know who the book is by ? thanks i always thought that an enfj is a better match up for an intj . for me at least i see an enfj as a perfect match . as someone said before that it is all up to your personal flavor . :) neurologist , i love to learn about the brain and its functions / role in every day life well if you are close friends , are you think so at least , tell him that he can talk to you about things . in a private place not out in public with alot of others around . if he brings something up , ... i been thinking about my career for a few months and stubble upon this job . read somethings sounds good , but i want to know more about it . so if you are a neurologist or studying to be one , what are ... death , is kinda of neutral ground for me . i rather not die till i acomplish my goals , but if my close family member dies i am sad on the inside , neutral on the outside . i would spend more time alone ... oh thanks for correcting me i was in a hurry and was not double checking what i typed . but yes i love my ipod and my books . ya i live in america so i think i might look into that . what kind of books ... intj we can show them the ropes and we dont trust them so they cant take advantage of us so easily , plus we can conduct a few experiments on them with out them even knowing . excatly the way i feel , i also dont get how some people dont understand all the instructions the teacher give or an answer to a simple problem , i never raise my hand to give out the answer so the ... no everyone bothers me , i wish i could be home schooled or something . okay here is the problem , school is very very boring . they dont give enough work or they talk about the same thing for two hours after i get it in 10 minutes . i am running out of ideals to keep me ... i am an intj teenager that goes to public school in a small town . i am a night person , the night is such a beautiful time . its dark , no one is out , nothing is as it seems . durine the day you can see everything and everything is just obvious , but at night things are ... ever thing people talking people being stupid cheaters the only thing that makes us happy in being alone with something we love to do cant really pick for sure , but enfx . what are you like when drunk or on some type of a buzz ? do you get really talkative , moody , energetic , ect . i just been thinking about how people mature and their thoughts also mature . so how much as your ideals change from when you were a teen ( around 15ish ) to now . what do you remember thinking about ... i never thought i did till me and my mom were talking about my childhood . she brought up how i never had any friends and would not talk to kids my age and hang out around adults , then i countered ... the god delusion by richard dawkins , just finished the passage by justin cronin username - is apocalypse kid because i am interested in well apocalypse predictions and stuff , kid because i am a kid . avatar - 20400 i am also interested in human behavior ( how i got into ... lol cool , i like to joke around . and if you didn't catch on , that is my way of joking around . i was not really serious when i said that the intj's beat you , i was only trying to be a little mischievous and jokingly . and i know you ... is the first link they all looked like friendly easy to apporcch people , in the second link i saw hitler and got a little discourage ... sure go ahead , if it makes you feel better why not . it may look stupid crying in a corner but why not :) these are not the best death stares i saw , it makes me want to laugh . lol intj's beat you i am not the best at all at typing people . i can pick between introvert and extrovert and that about all . :d ry : but i want to spot enfj's in particular because i think that one of them would be my ... '