' i'm curious what you mean by well-dressed . i wear professional clothing for work , but there isn't anything i like better than a broken-in pair of blue jeans ! i agree with sittingwonderduck : i'm not sure that my one creative talent is really all that creative . i enjoy landscape photography , and it makes me very happy ; i can look at a mountain and take the ... well , i can definitively say that i am not a neat freak . however , i have a set way that certain things need to be ( shower curtain closed , toilet seat cover down , etc . , etc . ) i usually clean in ... i agree that i tend to show love more through doing than saying . but again , i believe that actions are better than mere words . for instance , i have two nieces whom i love dearly ; i would literally ... i love risk ; it's one of my favorite games . unfortunately , none of my friends will play against me anymore ... * something , something , bloodthirsty * i love to strategize and plan and think up ways to get from point a to point b . i love organizing people , and moving them in the direction i think they should go . pretty much , life is like a risk ... well , when i need help , i will say so . and i appreciate actually getting help when i ask for it :) and if i don't want help , i appreciate not having to fend off repeated attempts to help . mostly , ... i should probably do laundry . and i need to get my car washed . i really want a new car . * a lengthy internal debate about buying a new car proceeded * i should probably eat the rest of the ... i think this is absolutely true . i am completely non-religious , but i have a very strong - and unwavering , imagine that - sense of what is right and wrong . i very rarely see a reason to compromise ... and i would add to wickedqueen's response , that the fact that you're in a multi-year relationship with your estj means that while he may not need you the way you think he should , he wants you . ... i get very irritable when tired , and it takes great willpower to not bite people's heads off - both literally and figuratively - when i am tired . i try not to be around people when that happens , as ... i suppose it depends on your definition of creative . i can't draw or write , but as an attorney , i can take little pieces of a story and weave them together into something bigger . i love ... i think this is an oversimplification , as respect has nothing to do with being authoritarian . i respect people that are knowledgeable , capable , and worked to get where they are at in life . i ... first , yes , i am very driven and need to be doing something constantly . i will do what needs to be done , but it will be done on the schedule that i feel it needs to be done on . the whole ... i've rediscovered the site lol ! ! in terms of my conflict with another person , it depends on my relationship with the other person involved . if i don't know them ( or know them and don't care ) , i ... failure . but not because it signifies wasted time , but because it signifies that i did not succeed at something i set out to accomplish . exactly this . i know many people , but can count on one hand ( with fingers left over ) the people i consider a close friend . my best friend is an estj , but much more introverted and feeling that i am . she and i have our bumps , but we never have to second guess what the other is thinking or feeling . if we made dinner ... i wonder if western culture's slow shift towards gender equality will raise the number of female t's . even though the testing is standardized , i would think that socialization has some effect on how ... well , all i can say is that if you were my employee , i would fire you . without apology , and with no regret , i might add . ah , checked out the infp thread , and now this makes sense to me ! this is what makes me relax : 49130 mine is more like : lead , follow , or get out of my way ! :) i agree that watching a baseball game on tv is a lesser experience . i'm not a huge fan , but can get into it if actually at a game . and the bears ? ! really ? ! ? ! lol i don't play sports ( i love to weightlift , however ! ) that being said , i am a huge fan of football and hockey , the minnesota vikings and wild , respectively ! sadly , the vikings are and forever will ... yes ! i am a very touch-oriented person . i am always touching my friends and family , whether it be a hug , pat on the back , or what a good friend has referred to as my shoulder bump ( i have a ... weighing in as an estj ... before even starting an argument with a person ( regardless of personality type ) , you have to figure out what winning really means . getting them to agree with you ? ... i am not christian , and am a borderline atheist and most definitely anti-religion . to me , religion is a massive excuse used by millions to excuse the inexcusable ( e . g . , witch burnings , the crusades , ... bachelor's in political science and criminal justice studies j . d . ( juris doctorate , the super fantastic law degree ! ) ( while it has doctorate in it , it is comparable to a master's degree ) hated words / phrases : um , ah , like , well , i think , and other verbal fillers . saw what it is you want to say and leave it at that ! wheee , i won ! ! ! lol next step : ruler of the world ! ! laikta , that's funny you say that because the first thing that popped into my mind was a flame ! i think that the two big things that i look for in others and think that i can offer are : ( 1 ) honesty , ( 2 ) loyalty . for the third part , i look for someone who is accepting of me ( i know i can be ... i agree with your mom and laikta ; once my mind is made up and a plan of action is determined , it is full speed ahead . it is getting to the point of deciding that , yes , this is what i'm going to do . ... am i missing something here ? what is the point of this , exactly ? well , mine said auditory at 6 , and visual and kinesthetic tied at 5 each . personally , though , i think i am a visual learner more than auditory learner . i comprehend more of what i read in a letter , ... loyal ! , when i've been in your position , i give a sympathetic hug / shoulder pat / etc . ( depending on how touchy-feely the other person is and how well i know them ) . and i tell them how sorry i am . i ... hello , my name is kate ( screen-name kjo ) , and i am an attorney . i prosecute criminal cases and represent labor union members , all of which gives me a forum to be the boss , mwahahaha ! in my spare ... not really a rule-breaker . mostly , i think that the rules are there for a reason , and should be followed until they are changed or become obviously wrong . unless said rule is a speed limit , in ... i'm a very strong 8w7 , sx / so variant . 2 , 5 , and 9 . as for reasons : human rights must be protected , but we also need to jobs to feed ourselves and there's no way to get a job without good schooling . hey now ! ! ! i am not old ( seriously , i just turned 33 * whimper , whimper * ) ! ! : i'm a great wing-girl ! ! : wink : thank you , ma'am ! it just fits :) : i'm not arguing about whether it is an ethics question or not ; frankly , that is irrelevant . as i said in my reply , right is right and wrong is wrong . executing a person for a crime they ... i , too , have been accused of being a fixer lol ! hmm , lets see ... 1 . i have my shirts arranged first by business or casual , then by shirts , pants , and skirts , then shirts by sleeve-length and color within sleeve length . pants and skirts are ... sorry , double post ... and this is an excellent illustration of the differences between our types . right is right and wrong is wrong ; the whole every fiber business impacts that analysis precisely zero . purplefang - re : arguments and space ... i really agree with everything that marlowe posted above . it is right on the money with my experience ! another consideration is , too , that when i get ... '