' so i am gonna confess something ... i killed a spider once and i got really sad :( so i changed back to infp now and the reason is that i have been alot alone and i have gotten to known myself better and why i say changed back is because first when i started with mbti i got infp ... uhh , yeah i am kinda worrying that i will get stuck in the same thing . i am going to see what i need to do to go a psychology program on university level and just generally school hasn't really been ... 1 . the wind rises 2 . - 3 . the wind rises i like sad movies more than happy movies . i like to have something to relate to and cry to , makes the movie valuable for me . i have no friends right now that live in the same city as i do that i want to meet . i have been alone two weeks now without any social interactions except from internet . i am beginning to feel very ... if the sea is infested with too many sharks , i stay on land . may i share my own music here perhaps , since i make electronic music myself ? i am compising my own music with fl studio . i make everything from deep house to trap and dubstep to ambient music . here ... i understand your point . i respect your honesty . thank you for sharing your view . uhhh , sounds horrible : sad : i hope everything turns out well ! : hugs : i myself love the miyazaki movies . they are cute and very beautiful . stop obsessing about if everything is morally wrong or right all the time . in some cases it is worth to apply it but you can in reality make everything a question of morality to the extent where it ... your mother might have some type of somatoform disorder . i think this link : ( ) may give you an idea about what it is and the different ... aww i wanna hug you . i can relate to you indeed ! i've had many moments and parts of my life where i lack color in my life . i am very sensitive to that myself . i mean i can find color from some ... people that try to improve my mood just very often just annoys me instead of actually improving my mood . :P do you have kik or have a possibillity to get it ? it would help me alot cause for this ... uhh yeah . i also had a similar problem with a therapist i had . your therapist did not seem to suite you well at all though haha . wow ! what a ( sorry ) shit therapist . well . what i am sad about ... so , lately i have been feeling very lonley and not appreciated by the people that are in my surroundings ( except for my mom ) . my best friend and i are very much unalike and he is my only friend that ... so , lately i have been feeling very lonley and not appreciated by the people that are in my surroundings ( except for my mom ) . my best friend and i are very much unalike and he is my only friend that ... i daydream about how i succeed with my music and how i express myself vividly infront of people i care about for things that i care strongly about and that they are interested and touched by what ... this is the essence of life . hard to determine what the cause of all this is . you seem to leave out many details . however , i can say for myself that i am very much like that but different in the way that i get very attached to ... i understand , hope you get well ! i don't think it's a good idea to think too much into it . i mean if you just have to excercise and eat vitamins to cure depression , it's probably not depression ( ofcourse physical activity is proven ... i usually get very tired of fake things . things that aren't genuine and forced . much conversation topics with new people or acquaintances are usually for me fake and forced . i usually want to be ... w122 a possible way to go about it is to lay it down ; heres what i want , what do you want ? . but it means for you to decide cause you can't be fwb anymore , that's not gonna work , cause at ... trust that he can do this cause that is what he wants you to do . i am pretty sure he wants to have fun when spending time with you and get a moment where he can not think of that stuff cause he ... same here haha . being happy is an idea . it's not a goal . trying to be happy simply does not work if the conditions aren't right . i find happniess overrated and also a very abstract state of being . being sad and ... i am not manipulative . though i use rhetoric for the reason to speak in a way that soothes the listeners ears . does only work when i feel like it , i can use arragements of words that i and the person ... i don't believe in sucess . think the whole idea is bullshit . i believe more in doing what i like and just going with the flow . why is sucess better than the time i have when i am out for a walk on a ... be careful what you wish for ahha xd however uhh yeah . i usually don't get along as well as i would like to with infj . either i find infj's boring or if i find them interesting : they find me too ... w122 yes i am enfp . i have found myself doing generous acts for people for really no reason , just other than i got a feeling to do it , but when it comes to me opening up ; i only do that ... well , i have edited the thing very much lol . didn't think you were gonna answer so quickly . i accidently pressed post too quickly . w122 could you like edit your message or something ? cause i ... yes might be so . i'm am kinda sure that he is interested . his actions remind me of how i do when i am interested in someone and unsure if i am too pushy or not . i can be quite like that ... well , you could ask yourself how long you want to go . when will you accept defeat ? one thing you could do if you know where he lives is to knock on his door and if he slams the door in your face ... i very much do as you do in musical terms : play chromatically which means you don't just play the ones that sounds right , but the ones that feel right . i belive it's bullshit , this thing that you ... blatantly disagree ? yes ofcourse . i think what you describe can be a good thing . this happens to me alot and i know that i work differentely than other people and i accept that . goals don't ... how do you tend to act around someone you have feelings for ? oh yeah . i'll start with this one . i am a total nuthead around someone i have feelings for . i can't control myself unless i am alone ... call him , say : i want to talk , can we meet ? and talk with him eye to eye . maybe you don't have to flirt . tell him what you feel about him . maybe tell him about how you felt when he brought up that ... as you say . get the no and move forward . that sounds like a good idea . tell him what's on your mind . that could make you feel better aswell since you seem to have much on your chest . you could tell ... 1 . grief : hard question to answer for me . i tend to see grief way too practically and don't let all my emotions out . what happens is : something happens and then i ask myself : how shall i cope , ... what i do is , don't i get anything from people , then i leave / block / unfriend whatever . don't need them , don't want to and don't care . fuck them . and yes , hit back if they don't listen . i'd suggest ... eyo i produce music , many different genres , but what i am showing now is a project that i am currently working on that is called sentimental . the thing is that i for a long time have either ... it's 11pm and i can't sleep for shit for the next 5 hours or so . anyone awake that want to chat ? pretty lonesome at this hour . i've met a 7w8 enfp . not so much to say really , couldn't really notice the 8wing that much . in whatever case she might have expressed her feelings in a more direct and in the face matter and less ... i have quite recently felt strongly the way as you describe and i have felt that way for a long time til now . self-esteem on the bottom , thinking that everything that i do is plain-simply wrong and ... i listen to everything . give me something to listen to and i'll most likely enjoy it . i am not saying i will enjoy everything , but it is a very large chance that i'll enjoy the music that is given to ... you are going to make the wrong choices . that is going to happen wheather you like it or not . the scene when nemo sits at the beach and says to the love of his dreams to practically fuck off , ... have been forever in my room in two weeks ( it is justified with me having holiday ) . some people have such a way making life boring to me . crushing my precious ideas into realistic fragments that does ... too me , what you describe is not a problem . i mean , maybe it's something you have to live with and if it's not worth it , don't be friends with him . if you think you are good enough friend with him , ... security when i do write things or say things and deliberately try to not hurt anyone elses feelings , i don't shake tinkerball on it cause that's fucking annoying . i use rethoric and i am honest in ... '