' * wants not needs absolutely not ! how can you date a person if you cant make clear idea of thier motives ? what if they are just using you ? than you need to watch your back . [ / quote ] i agree as well as you need to ... haha i still have not clicked it those pictures that people are posting are making me laugh , even though i may not show it . ( look at my username and it will make sense as to what is the reason i am not showing that i find humor in ... thank you for the response . i have heard of that theory , and i probably will not check out those links for i am lazy , but if comets did really carry water , then where did those comets come from ? ... i feel you intp's write better scientific novels . thank you all for the responses and that picture was funny . the articles seem helpful , and i will read them as soon as i'm done being lazy . what are the differences ? i thought i intj's are the only ones who would respond this way . i thought i was safe in these intp's forums . yeah this isn't deep thing . just an empirical model observation . google . [ / quote ] thanks for bursting my bubble . how did water come to form , if we are to far away from the sun for oxygen and hydrogen to mix , and i don't believe the earth was ever closer to the sun while it had oxygen ? could it be that my ... i laughed at almost everything they said . to be honest i believe they all have biased opinions towards istj's just because istj's tend to be their bosses and can possibly be rigid and aggressive , ... thank you for taking the test , and i never thought about how the soul types relate to the ennegram types . from what i know , i do agree that the soul types are related to a specific ennegr am type , ... i don't know many intj's but from what i've heard , they might be so blunt , they probably hurt every other personality type that isn't an ntj . i don't know if ntp's are neurotic or not , but if they are , then compared to the ntp's , then i guess ntj's are more chill . i agree with tj's being aggressive beca use they have to deal with stupid ... stolen from the entj forums . these were pretty funny entj uncle : i can't just pull a rabbit out of my ass haha it was an interesting , insightful post , but i believe you still didn't answer my question . i also disagree that intj's are chill . i believe intp's are more chill then intj's because intj's tend ... i'm going to change a nickname , the mastermind , the scientist , or the strategist . who would win in a battle of the introverts , in an arguement ? the mastermind , the scientist , or the stubborn logical istj . haha i'm kidding the logical istj . i'm kidding just ignore them and go meet one of us istjs were better then them haha . let's start another argument since i do not know how to add to the above posts . would would win in an arguement between an istj , estj , intj , entj , intp and entp ? to be honest these results are interesting , i thought infp would score as scholars / artisians , or possibly even servers , but not a king nor a warrior . but thank you for taking the time to take the ... thank you for the response and a lot , if not all stp's tend to be warriors from my observation . thank you for taking the test and i have noticed that a lot of np's are artisians . thank you fo taking the test and i am seeing a pattern , i believe ntj's are mostly kings , np's are artisans ntp's are artisan scholars and stp's warriors . i'm still waiting for the rest of the ... i'm not too convinced that sasuke is an intj anymore either , but he certainly does not have or care for fe . i've seen other alternatives like istj and istp , but he values fi without a doubt and there ... thanks for the response , for the first question i'll say that i notice the little details when it comes to observing a house , and for the second question i do look into the future alot . i have take ... i disagree with sasuke uchida being an intj , for if you observe him he tends to base his actioms more around emotions , rather then logic . i understand what's the reason people believe itachi uchia ... istj - nedgi huga - naruto esfj - sakurai - naruto infj - sauskei uchia - naruto entj - oruchimari - naruto intj - toby ( fake madarra ) - naruto enfp or enfp - naruto uzumaki - naruto isfp - ... when your feeler aqcuantince over reacts when you tell him that you want to bring an atomic gun to space to fight against the aliens . ( enfp while being shot at by aliens : let's not fight guys , we ... easy . one question for you : do you feel more energetic and recharged when you are with friends or when you are alone ? [ / quote ] will you guys convert me into an intj ? it's only a one letter difference . ok i understand the asshole part might have offended some people , again i wasn't trying to offend anyone and i wonder if this is true . when i posted that and even now i do not see how it could offend ... i am sorry for sounding similar to an asshole , that wasn't my intention . i was actually being serious and thought i could recieve some answers . first of all i don't believe being psychopathic is bad , ... haha i'm still waiting for a response and i'm only asking these questions because of observations that i've made . how come intj's and entj's are assholes ? are most psychopaths intj's and entj's ? thanks for taking the time to take the test and i guess i was correct when i said that most entp's tend to be artisan / scholars . yes believe it or not i've been analyzing this theory for about 6 months , that's how interesting this theory is for me you could also try reading the descriptions of the different soul types and determine a which is your soul type . there is another link in the description that , i believe will help you find your soul ... thank you for taking the test and yes i can also see the correlation . i believe most stp's tend to be warriors , and most tj's tend to be warriors , kings and / or scholars . i'm guessing most fp's are ... what do the numbers represent ? can i have my username changed to warlordistj what are your thoughts ? do you believe that a smart , corrupt istj can easily take over the world ? how do you become unreadable to other people . what is your mentality ? when it comes to learning how do you learn , for example ... how , and who do we use to take over the world ? i just want to hear what istjs have in mind when it comes to world domination . please be specific when organizing types into groups for example , istj ... when you have obsessive compulsive disorder or obsessive compulsive personality disorder '