' hahaha ! i was watching it too ! what did you find odd , the way they moved ? their reactions ? okay . i can't even . you have a serious attitude so you should start with improving that . among many things , who calls their friends , useless ? are you sure they're friends with you ? that has never happened to me , but it's such an interesting read . i'm not sure if you are writing a story or telling a real experience , but if real then i hope it hasn't been too hard on you . if a ... i usually become my own cheerleader . if something went wrong , i tell myself comforting things like , it's okay , you did your best . you did well here . next time you can try this . you've made it this ... best : isfj ( great sense of humor ) worst : intj ( he was a bully ) edit : reading through the thread , decided it's better not to get involved with said user . other fe activities : - hosting parties - bringing in baked goods to work - introducing people to each ... what , fe is what makes people want to work with you . it's what gives us charisma , likability , and thus , power ! hi ! beginning to learn the violin is much more daunting than an instrument like piano or guitar because you do not know where the keys are and it will not start off sounding good--more like terrible ... for me , it was my first dog . i had been obsessed with dogs as a kid , reading books about the different breeds , choosing which one would be best suited for my personality ( personality typing ... i have complain-y thoughts a lot ( perfectionism ) . but it's boring for other people to listen to . so i dress it up by exaggerating so it's entertaining and funny . i am very curious ... location , location , location ! they absolutely should ! for the reasons that you mentioned , and it gives you a different understanding of music , one where you try to play to convey an emotion as opposed to focusing first on getting ... this one's a lot of fun ! i love the part where the man starts singing at the end : i like other ... gender : male age : 24-34 intelligence : superior openness : conservative stress level : 8 % ( low ) mbti personality profile : entj closest alternative we found : enfj - - - some people become uncomfortable when you correct them because they were really confident that they did everything right and got upset that perhaps their thinking needs to be changed fundamentally ... it sounds like he's not ready for a stable relationship . he doesn't know what he wants , he's unsure of himself , and he is unsure if he wants a relationship . sometimes two people might be compatible , ... there was an event for free food at school today . my friend and i were waiting in line for over 30 minutes and then a girl cuts in front of us . i look at my friend , was she here before ? i don't ... hahaha , we need to have a talk ... about my sushi preferences ... and then break it down by rating each type of sushi on a scale of 1.0 to 10.0 to the first decimal . you are right , it's a communication barrier . you all need to sit down together , have a roommate meeting , outline each other's expectations of a roommate , and compromise and agree on a policy . for ... how did your change in outlook on equality , limits and fairness change your actions ? can you give examples ? i'm trying to understand how the change has affected you . :) i still strive for equality ... a career in business using your desire to help people and your creativity sounds like it aligns with your type . :) i find job satisfaction is more determined by your personal interest and your ... i find it extremely awkward how you isolated black people to sharing terrible videos ... you could do more on the biology side , you don't need much math for biology . you need to be good at memorization and that's easier when you're interested in the subject . :) i think you can do it ! i'm not good at monetary consumer power unless there is a cheaper off-brand option ( broke college student / extremely cost-sensitive ) . it's hard for me to steer away from the cheapest option and pay ... i have a couple of suggestions . have you tried online dating ? then you won't run into the i have a boyfriend problem ; women are there because they don't have a boyfriend . also are there any ... the passive aggressive , ummm ... so annoying ! bitch , don't like how it's a gender-related insult . literally , overused and now devalued . : kitteh : : kitteh : : kitteh : you sound so proactive , good for you ! ( imagine the kittie emoji is an applause ... ) good luck ! ! please keep us updated ;) attraction is so complicated , it is often not a single characteristic that defines attraction but a multitude of factors , it's almost impossible to tell . that being said , i'm sure intelligence deters ... if at all possible , try to avoid them / cut them out of your life as much as possible . cut all the negative people out of your life , not in a negative way , but ignore them as they are not helping you ... when we are just talking about life and things in a social setting , people aren't intimidated by me at all and find me very friendly . but i think that people may be intimidated that i try really ... good luck with making small improvements ! :) zootopia 9/10 hilarious , silly with jokes for all ages . references to pc culture , popular tv shows , daily life situations excellently paralleled into civilized animal realm , seasoned in a broth of ... for the analytical crowd that's more diverse than reddit . i want to have a great group of friends that i hang out with all of the time , eating , drinking , hiking , exploring , etc . want this to last more than 4 years . also this place has amazing warm weather ... haha yes i feel that way a lot when i'm tired and random thoughts start spewing out . seems like you're in a mental standstill . exercise provides a nice third party endorphins-fix for mental ruts . so does grabbing some food with a good group of friends . good to take your mind off for ... don't wait , make your perfect situation yourself . you can already see it . :) but it sounds like you already know that xd maybe you can destroy things and then fix them up artistically because anything would make them look better :) since you've spent so much time on school , i'd get a job in what you went to school for to profit off your hard work in the interim and focus more on being focused then on what to change your mind to ... for real . sometimes you just need to sort everything out in your head without the influences of others . some people are really good at listening sympathetically while allowing you complete freedom to ... oh yeah , i lied a lot on chat websites , mainly omegle where you chat with a random person and know nothing about them . but then again who doesn't . i have pretended to be a german guy , an innocent ... very interesting ! i like how you write on the image , it makes it clear what you are referencing and what you can tell from it . * thumbs up ! * the first sentence is very true indeed ! i enjoy ... yes , i facebook stalk ! stalking good friends is being a good friend , but i find stalking people i don't know well for large amounts of time make me feel depressed comparing my life to theirs , so i ... you will like getting out of high school environment so much ! you'll have more freedom and won't have to deal with the judgement and expectations of others . :) they say high school years are the best ... hm , well maybe it was not a romantic date but a sweet get-together with someone of the opposite sex . nevertheless , one could call it an unlabeled date . ( detailed account ahead ) - - i ... seems like you've fallen into a kind of rut where you are looking for fulfillment and observing and critiquing the world in the meanwhile . i totally understand your thinking because i do that too , ... initiate . i moved to a new place where i didn't know anybody and being that alone made me extremely depressed and unsettled , friends are what makes a home for me . i cannot be fully happy without any ... and that's a bad thing ? xd these are a few of her favorite things ! ( with song ) insensitivity ! '