' been together with my amazing ( istj ) boyfriend for a little over 3 years now . i had my heart broken multiple times in different ways before that , and i've also broken some hearts and made mistakes ... i consider this one of my best selfies :p ... i haven't been around here for a looong time because i had no time because of school and while doing my internship . a friend of mine was asking about personality types recently so i ended up here and ... hi justin , nice to meet you ! :) what kind of music do you like and what instrument do you play ? welcome , have a great time around here ;) haha , you seem funny :D i'm an infj 5w4 too ! : o but i never had any problems with cops , which i am very happy about :p what did you do to get into all those police stations ? :p anyway : welcome ! :) sorry for the late response , but to answer your question : i'm a game development student . i'm in my last year now :) hello falzart ! some excitement is always good ;) i hope you'll have a great time around here ! so , what do you do in daily life ? :) hello david ( and also hello falzart ) ! an istj that likes to debate , cool , that sounds completely different from my istj partner . :) anyway : welcome ! how you doing ? :) i just had an hours-long fight with my mom and even though i said we're cool to her , i feel so sad :( i'm actually very interested in social networks , however , i feel like there is no perfect social network yet . i mostly use facebook , twitter isn't really my thing . i understand why you would want a ... python is useful for tools and plugins especially , i heard of ruby but never bothered to learn it . i'd like to learn python , but i have other priorities for now . :) java is not the same as ... if you're not really going for a programmer job , i recommend learning c # or java and trying out unity 3d . it has a great community and if you know some programming it's quite easy to make a prototype ... it seems you also learned a lot of skills ! if becoming a game designer is really what you want , i think it's better to focus on programming , so you can make some prototypes and showcase them on your ... it's called digital arts & entertainment ( ) and the first year is a general year . we get preproduction ( analog & digital drawing , painting , designing , ... i enjoy different roles , but i'm aiming more on ( gameplay ) programming jobs , because i feel i can still learn a lot about 3d / art on my own , but for programming i like to have a concrete project with ... hi there ! i'm a game development student and i noticed in my introduction thread and other places that other people are interested in this field too , so i thought why not making a topic about ... having sexual interactions with someone in a dream usually means you want a better relationship with them , so if you're saying that you hate your dad but feel guilty about it , it kinda makes sense ... hehe yep , there are indeed a lot of subcategories in 3d modelling and character modelling is probably one of the most difficult ones and the most wanted ones . like i said , the architectural ... exactly :) i never knew an infj in real life either . one teacher i had , i suspect to be infj , but of course i'm not sure at all . i had a really great bond with him , but whenever i say that to ... maybe it's the type most likely to look it up and enjoy talking about personality types ? or maybe we're not rare at all , who knows ? :p wow , awesome , i'm an aspiring game developer / designer too ! :D i'm also an average programmer : i like it , but for me it is a tool to make things . i don't enjoy engine programming a lot for example , ... ooh , a psychology student ! i wonder : do you learn about personality typing in a psychology course ? :) any other interests you'd like to share with the world ? :D anyway , welcome fellow infj ;) ... hey there ! so , what is it like to be a game development student ... well , it probably depends a lot from school to school , but it's very intense . in our course , the studying wasn't too difficult ( at ... hehe , you're definitely not alone with the emoticons , i'm just using text emoticons :p however , i get used to emoticons after a while . welcome ! what are your interests ? :) some very nice songs here . going to share 3 for now : nemo - nightwish my immortal - evanescence chasing the dragon - epica all very meaningful songs to which i hope some can relate :) realistic , fantasy , sci-fi ... ? :) i'm going for a fantasy style at the moment ( not the supernatural thing that is so hyped nowadays , but more like rpg's , lord of the rings , or even a bit like harry ... interesting introduction ! i'm also delving a bit in personality typing for the purpose of character creation ( i'm an aspiring game developer ) , and now you made me want to read more into this keirsey ... i'm fine , thank you . :) hi there ! i'm an infj and my boyfriend is an istj , so i hope i can answer some of your questions . :) for us , the relationship works out very well , but i'm pretty rational for an f-type and he can ... i listen to a lot of things , but mostly symphonic metal . power metal too . aww yeah for kamelot ! :D the first bands i started liking were evanescence , linkin park and within temptation . now i'm ... since you like le petit prince so much i want to ask : do you know the french poet jacques prévert ? we had to learn a lot of his poems in primary school and i still love all the imagery in his work ... haha , no problem at all . ;) i understand the feeling of the 2 - wing-ness : a lot of infj's care a lot about people , want to help and give advice ... that's something you typically associate with a ... hello fellow infj ! i'm also quite new here and i find it funny how similar our introductions are ;) from your introduction you sound like a 4 - wing to me , but that's just a wild guess so i might be ... thank you ! on your question : i'm not sure i understand it completely , but i think it really depends on the group you're in ... at high school i was an outcast , at university i have the feeling i fit ... haha , all these things sound so relate-able ! :') * says something * euhmm ... that didn't sound right some things just sound better in my head you know ? xd hehe , hello you 2 ! i'm pretty new here myself too :) i was actually expecting some embarrassing story when i clicked this xd anyway , no need to be shy , everybody is very friendly here :) so ... well , we were actually talking about a sleepover party months earlier . at that party everyone was hearing everyone out ( start of college , so we didn't really know each other ) . so everybody was ... so cool to read about your dreams ! i often have like really weird dreams . the weirdest one including me having sex with an alien girl in a rainbow bikini that suddenly grows tentacles . ( i know what ... i'm just being myself and being nice to people . in case of love interest , i try to express that i'm interested . mostly by asking about relationships . what kind of qualities do you like in a ... i don't see my best friend often because we live in different cities . since a few months , she's got a new boyfriend , but i felt like she wasn't telling me everything so i went to a forum i know she ... my relationship history : ( haha , it's like an emotional resume ! ) guy 1 : we were together since preschool ( yeah i know it sounds silly ) when we were 15 he told me i was more like a friend to him ... hi there ! i'm also new here so i'm just saying hello to the new people :) you mention english is not your native language , may i ask you where you're from ? :) enjoy your time on the forums ! :D haha it's funny because i only know one istp in real life and he's also one of the only ones that doesn't go on facebook . he used to but it's just not his thing . he spends his days on funnyjunk and ... hehe thank you ! :) i didn't know game development is an nt dominated profession , but the again , i'm still a student . from what i've seen there's really a lot of variety ! some of my friends ( all ... i've only recently started digging in to these cognitive functions . until now i would assume that if you need to be alone to recharge , you'd be an introvert , but the world is full of surprises ! ;) ... ( woops , i got your question wrong , but i can understand that you would have a that's not me at all ! - feeling ) you sound a lot like me ! :D i'm a game development student , and i'm having this ... about the sister-thing : i only have one little sister and we have a love-hate relationship . i think she's an esfp , and the biggest problem between her and me is that i need my time alone and she just ... never been very rebellious . i guess i already felt different from my peers and i felt no need at all to stand out more . i've only been digging into music at 15 years old , and it was still pretty ... i'm not married but 2 years together with my wonderful istj boyfriend and living practically together for over a year . we're still students but we'll probably get married after we both have a stable ... hi there fellow infj ! :) i don't think i've really changed personality but i first doubted i was an infj because i'm pretty rational . ( at that time i thought f meant you are completely dictated ... '