' do we ever truly trust anyone ? i found it amusing , but honestly i didn't even crack a smile . assuming i had no time to prepare , i would write a bunch of scribbles , that resemble some sort of writing , on big signs and parade them in populated areas making sure they are seen and recorded ... john wick for the second time  a girl when you , ... don't take the shits , [ you ] just disturb them . ^ deadpool quote the resonates as an entp anyone with experience with transitioning from friendship to dating ? a girl and i found we had a mutual liking and started dating . so far things have been good and we didn't find the transition too ... i don't know much but i think i always win . a woman sits down at the dining table to eat her dinner . suddenly , knock knock who's there ? amanda amanda who ? amanda the table ! she pulls her chair back as a man jumps out at her . he had a ... yesss no , people treating me different would be the last thing that i would want as i try to fuck up as much shit as possible . you have greatly disappointed your username . fair enough , carry on . i'll bite . what the hell are you talking about ? a parrot with a speech impediment 620249 i wish i had some advice to give , but i have a few similar issues but haven't figured out the solution to them . however , i do want to ask why your used to be ( or still are ) depressed . well hi i didn't think linear algebra would difficult . come on , it's only linear ! just algebra ! here i am screwing up the steps it takes to complete co-factor expansion , when taking the determinant of a 4x4 ... and what if he is a bundle of sticks or twigs bound together to be used as fuel ? do you have a problem with that ? i really hope you do . it will be so much fun . welcome maya . that's a fantastic beginning of a deep thought . maya ... life is going nowhere . i think you're wasting your time . you clearly won . when he loses , instead of admitting defeat , bigolmumu seems to attempt shitty jokes , make light of the opposing argument and dishearten the ... whether i should partake in the activity of purchasing and playing the lottery ( particularly scratchers ) more often . once in while i'm sure is fine . grandpa 2390 the last of us ? for why ? procrastinating . but expertly , i might add . last christmas i gave you my 728 hearts . but the very next day you gave them away . i'm not commit the time to analyze this deeply but i really like border collies . those dogs are really smart and can be really well trained . they're also energetic and cute . i should be working on calculus right now . seriously . i need to get it done . am i going to ? nah probably not , there is no important class to go to tomorrow so i'll do it during the day . but i have 2 ... martyspooks welcome , please come to the entp side and join in on some discussion . if you want some entertainment , check out this guy trying to stir shit up ... ninetypesoflight i must say your ' post to thank ' ratio is something to be admired . i can appreciate you coming here to stir up some shit just for fun . entps like that as well . but i have to say you did it very poorly , you didn't raise any good points and got more defensive than any ... oh i'm sorry , am i making to many good points ? aaah this is fantastic . i never said that you needed to know other people's opinions of you . the point was that your priority concern is the opinions themselves . which you did not deny and my point ... hey thanks . yeah i get waves of recurring interest with mbti . i do love it though . i do love strawberry cheesecake . but i see your point , you concern yourself greatly with what everyone thinks of you . something a lot of us entps are above , but i understand that a lesser human like ... yes but you choosing the words that sounds smartest instead of the most appropriate ones just proves that you are putting on a facade , and do not possess true intelligence or intellectual integrity . i used oxymoronity for a good reason . the root of ' oxymoron ' is ' moron ' , and ' moronity ' is a real word whereas ' moronitude ' is not . but i find it comical for you , someone who claims to be so ... hmmm ... can't tell if joking , or honestly didn't expect opinions to arise on a poll . i am excited to witness your profound intelligence , bigoltitties 4 in my experience people are fascinated by our ... oxymoronity . we are the most introverted of the extroverts , having high iq's ... i watched the new guardians of the galaxy vol . 2 trailer and realized that baby groot collectibles and toys and paraphernalia are going to sell like fucking crazy ! basic questions : 1 ) 17 2 ) soon toronto , on ( university ) 3 ) finding i'm having too many friend groups that won't interact well with each other 4 ) future engineer ( discipline undetermined ) ... how good ? can you smell blood from 0.25 miles away ? sharks can . are you better than a shark ? i don't think so . nothing smells better than sharks . well maybe that's not true . but let's pretend it's ... i agree , let's keep the jokes to off-color and not offensive and dark . i'll start . what's the difference between paul walker and my computer ? ... i actually care when my computer crashes . ... my most recent break-up was like this , i got bored of her and broke it off . i think the biggest mistake was that at the beginning of the relationship i convinced myself that i could overcome the ... what breaks as soon as you give it to a 4 - year old ? her hips . only 10 seconds , watch it . what do you get when you stick scissors into a four year ... '