' actually , i was referring to these posts : hey , hey , hey guys . insults are not necessary . in fact , resorting to ad hominem shows that you have no good argument left . being religious and being stupid are not the same . you've seen people ... but you have that power . it's called not responding to the thread . lookingglass , i found sources supporting both my claim , ( that cannon was mostly settled in 170 ad ) and your claim , but i cannot verify which is actually correct . so , i'm afraid i'm going to have to ... i'd want to be an illusionist . anything i could imagine i could make real . communication would be sooo much easier . and the power of flight . i would love to be able to fly . i love fiction and fantasy of all types , but then i also read a lot of non-fiction . to be honest , i'll read just about anything i can get my hands on , and i devour books in hours that would take ... relativists make you giggle . unless you're trying to debate one , in which case they frustrate you . i tried to have a debate with a relativist once . after providing one logical argument to him ... you know your an intp when : ( true story ) so , my boyfriend is an enfj . this means that his behavior , moods , and general thought processes make very little sense to me . so i asked him if he would ... as nitou pointed out , everyone can use any function . being a t doesn't mean that you never use emotions and subjectivity , it just mean that your preference is for logic and objectivity . also , the ... oh , one last post ! many people often misunderstand the statement that the church is supposed to be the example of god's love to the world . it's not that the church will always act with god's ... please delete ( double post ) fortunately , we're mostly intps here , so offense is difficult to achieve with out being outright insulting . i'm just doing some research , since my information says one thing and your information says ... unfortunately , since i've never heard of it , with out context or source , i can't really comment . you're getting hung up on semantics again . by rational , we mean logical . by thoughts , we mean ... a moment of levity if you will allow : i think this conclusively proves the existence of god . : laughing : none the additions you mentioned actually contradict or even really add to what the other gospels said . the gnostic book didn't appear until gnosticism was on the rise , years after their supposed ... given my point about the muratorian cannon , your statement is what looks ridiculous . because i have just shown the existence of the cannon in 170 ad , when there was no political gain to be had from ... the first x93canonx94 was the muratorian canon , which was compiled in a . d . 170 . the muratorian canon included all of the new testament books except hebrews , james , and 3 john . the old testament was ... actually the books we have as cannon now were decided and agreed upon in 170 ad , when there was no power to be had in being a church leader , as church leaders routinely got their heads cut off . ( or ... in general , the entire field of psychology is subjective . it has to be . expecting it to be what it is not is really unfair and demonstrates a general lack of understanding of the subject . it is measured through the questions that are asked , and is a sliding scale of how one perceives one's own behavior . i am an introvert . this does not make me incapable of showing extroverted ... it's quite simple actually . personality is all about how we relate to the world , so one of the dichotomies would have to involve how we relate to other people . that is e-i . energy is not the ... so , what do you do ( for work / in your spare time ) ? oh really ? i don't know much about that . could you explain it to me ? then appropriate questions along the way for clarification . that or find an ... people have mistaken you for a vulcan . someone describes a typical emotional reaction to you and you respond with , but that's irrational . you take forever to make up your mind , but once you do , ... steer the conversation to something that you're knowledgeable about . blabbing about your pet topic is a good way to get yourself talking and engaged with other people , and lets them into your world ... i think depression brings out the worst in everyone . depression is often described as anger turned inward . it's not surprising that it would manifest in outward displays of anger , as well . i ... i also find that men hate it when i beat them at anything : games , debates , etc . basically , and i'm not trying to be arrogant , i'm smarter than most men i meet , and they hate that . and they won't ... all personality type business aside , his behavior is destructive and dangerous . by not listening to your concerns , he's showing that he really doesn't care about you . i don't think it's his ... my boyfriend has gotten himself into one of those i'm a terrible person who screws up everything and is incredibly stupid mood . he's been in it since yesterday because he made a mistake ( he said ... i'm an intp female ! i'm real ! my first boyfriend i met in choir practice . he was very emotional , to the point of ridiculous sensitivity . my second boyfriend , who became my husband , and ... in general , i think the women have it harder , because we , like all intps , approach things logically and almost clinically . guys are not expected to understand their partners feelings . it's the ... ah , but i am a very strong t and a weak p . and i <3 cuddles . so , 1/3 against pda , 2/3 for . based on this ( very small and not very random ) sample , it would appear that being an intp and disliking pda has no correlation . taken from just your type : create the relationship you've always wanted using the secrets of personality type by tieger & tieger : intps and enfjs share only one of the four type preferences ... so either you lack objectivity ( and thus agree with me because i'm right ) or you lack objectivity , and thus agree with me because ... of some other reason than me being right , but it would make me ... see , i also never fit in and had a lot of trouble making friends . i was the class reject until high school when i started homeschooling . but i always thought it was their loss , not mine . because ... when you can't take your professors seriously because you're smarter than they are . i may have had an emotional outburst from the stress of dealing with his moods , but you can't prove that ! seriously , though , the sight of me freaking out snapped him out of it . those mood swings ... i'm a pc user , because i like the compatibility , availability , and adaptability . i'm also a bit of a gamer . if i wanted to do graphics i'd go mac . if i wanted to program i'd go linux . i have ... we're brilliant . also , not very social . this is probably why our forum is more active than others , because while they're out having social lives , we're getting mental stimulation without having the ... then the intp should have apologized , and the esfj shouldn't have taken it so personally . but that whole rules thing is still weird . there is such a thing as a truly objective view . just not with emotions . a fact is a fact is a fact . no matter how you feel about the fact , it is a fact . black is always black and never white ... when someone compliments you , and instead of saying thank you , you say , i know . do you also get shushed a lot because you're getting too loud ? i get shushed a lot . oh ! moody . definitely moody . to the point that it changes everything . like with my enfj boyfriend . first he's all like , i want to get married ! then he's like , we should date around . then , ... yes , we are adorable , aren't we ? :p roud : but seriously , when we take over the world , who do you think will be our front men ? we aren't nearly charismatic enough for that . no , we'll keep your type ... i've run into an entp child , and he was absolutely adorable . everyday , he'd run up to me and yell , guess what i learned today , ms [ roa ] ! at one point , he had to put away something he was working ... my wardrobe consists entirely of clothes i have inherited from my esfj sister . every so often , she just cleans out her closet , and she sends me anything she hasn't worn in a year or more . i donate ... # 1 : attempt to politely excuse myself . # 2 : depends ; if it's really important to them , i'll try my best to pay attention . if not , i'll just change the subject . # 3 : read a magazine or book . # 4 : ... i'm almost neutral on the j / p scale , so i pick up some of the intj traits that are related to that particular dynamic . for example , once i come to a conclusion , i am confident enough in my own ... i'm guilty of stereotyping you guys as lacking any form of objectivity . '