' it depends . if i care about it , i fight and get really aggressive or thing of a way of having my power (= dignity ) back . if i don't care , i just go away or withdraw heeey ... i was told by a psychologist that i may have ocd and anxiety because i am always hyper , i want everything to be quick and fast , i also have a phobia ( she told me this was because of ... why do you think that ? why ? i don't want to talk about that exciting abstract idea ! let's play football instead ! i first thought i was an estp , i denied me being a feeler because i thought feeling types were crying all the time over everything and were oversensitive , and i'm enneatype 8 so i hated that ! then ... yep it is , it's latin music , from south america . but we also have very nice songs , there is just a part , and it have been present during all my life ... so maybe it fades away , but i don't think too ... it have to be hard to be a parent . all those ethics and morals struggles . i can't even imagine ! i will try to not expose my kids to those things when they are little , what you're saying is ok , i ... yes of course , in spain we have a democracy to xd we have freedom of speech , but i think , for example , schools should not put this music in their parties . the problem here is that this is the most ... ok ! thank you so muuuch ;) btw , in this part i did not meant in a christian sense , i think ( ? ) , because we're both atheist ok , thanks ! and at which treats should i pay more attention to if i want to know if he uses ni ? ni is one of the hardest functions to detect for me . wow this reminds me to the other day , we talked about communism and capitalism . he told me that he thinks money should be destroyed , and we should live in a fairer country , and everybody should have ... i think religion is not as present and important in our generation as it was / is in our grandfathers or even fathers gen . now we prefer to put our passion in science , art , other stuff . i'm an ... could you explain me why , please ? i want to learn about typing other people , so i would be really happy if you explained me that .. :) we talked about how we make decisions , and he told me he analyzes things in an objetive way , opposite to me , i use my heart , he uses his head , i uses inspiration and he uses real facts xd that is ... here in spain we listen a lot to reggeaton , which is a very sexist kind of music , this is a part of a song translated by google translator and me haha : i want to spank her , tame her but the ... hi ! i met a guy and we really like each other in a romantic way ... i'm enfp and he got intj on the simmiliarminds test . he was like oh thats completely me when he read the description , but i want to ... istj ? ? the child ! ! ! the fucking kid D: yep <3 what do you think ? intj or aother type ? :) help me pleaseee : blushed : i've never read about alpha , beta and gamma personalities , could you explain it a little to me , please ? everybody uses this concepts but i've never really read about them :( i forgot to say he ... hi ! i met a guy and we really like each other in a romantic way ... i'm enfp and he got intj on the simmiliarminds test . he was like oh thats completely me when he read the description , but i want to ... hmm japanese dad / mom and white caucasian dad / mom ? ? so half caucasian half japanesse / korean / chinese ? btw : you're really beautiful and cute ! ! colombia ? nope ! uruguayan , but i have lived all my life in spain , in a subtropical island , so i'm always the whitest person ever xd and they ask me if i'm from england or something like that i think russia . or somewhere near russia . maybe 20 years old ? oh :) actually i'm from south america , but my grand grand parents were from italy what does this mean ? :( 450146 4501 54 450162 4501 70 450178 vocaroo | voice message haha sorry for my accent ! this one in spanish , my mother tongue :) vocaroo | voice message i had extremely strong feelings , i was a very mature kid and i remember 4-5 year old me thinking why do i feel ' this ' ? how is this emotion called ? i feel things i can t express with words because i ... i met a boy last saturday , he was amazing , we're meeting again tomorrow :D i think we share a lot of our core values , and he is extremely interesting ! ! he is interested in psychology , politics , ... i hope so , but i don't want to get paralyzed when i have to help a person who is vomiting , because that would drain me , i want to be a good doctor : unsure : i don't understand your question ... but ... that's not my case ! i just get shocked , but i never feel the need to vomit too when i see someone doing it , it's more like having a trauma after i see that , i can be shocked for one or two days ... oh not you're not being insensitive , i like that question :) . the truth is that i don't really know why , normally phobias comes after traumas , and normally you don't remember that trauma because ... i've heard about that but i think it is an agressive way D: no , the normal thing is to think vomit is disgusting , but i fear vomit , i panic and have anxiety attacs :( infp 4w5 clare_bare seeking enfp advice please . just wondering what your opinions are on having a relationship with entp's ? do you find them complementary or difficult to be with ? [ / b ] in fact , my man ... hmm i would be a child again ( 3-7 years old ) but i really would not , i mean , i like being 18 , and if i went back to childhood i would have to be a pre teen and a young teen again and please nooo . i ... i have emetophobia since i was a little kid ( i don't know exactly when it started ) , i don't even remember my life before i started suffering from this phobia . i'm studying medicine and i want to ... i think we're quite similar since our dom function is pe , and our secondary one is fi . i usually like esfp's because they are really energetic and happy , they're the kind of people that laugh out ... here it's 16:29 :) is this late afternoon ? i've never understood the difference between afternoon and evening so idk hmm i don't remember that , probably because i was 4 in 2001 :) some of the shows i remember from my childhood have tastes i mean , i watched arthur at 4-5 pm when i was having my afternoon snack ... one of the first shows i remember ... teletubbies ! ! <3 3 from my mid-childhood i remember this :  no idea of the first one but spirit is awesome t___t omg i loved it ! ! ! spirit makes my cry hahah i did not remember watching this show , but my little cousin who was born in april 2006 used to watch it when she was a baby ( in 2007-2008 ) ( i was 8-9- 10 so i did not watch this kind of shows , i think ... well , i think it completely depends on two factors : the age of the two people you're comparing and ( not so much as the one before but it stills makes a difference ) when they were born . i mean , if you ... 413746 i love this post ! ! xd 413746 i love this post ! ! xd '