' sounds like you've covered all the bases to me . make sure to allow for food / internet breaks . primarily guns and knives . i also think that animal toxins would be an interesting weapon , but i guess they'd have to be kept at certain temperatures to be useful so using them might be impractical . destiny ? i've only just started to recently watch anime again after a long break , as i find most anime of the last 15-20 years unwatchable . i've been watching the netflix series kinghts of sidonia and the ... gonna buy it soon . haven't played since 3 . 1 . mind reading - i would be interesting for short periods . 2 . split into two - also interesting for short bursts . very handy when you wanna actually multitask . 3 . invisibility - tactical espionage ... yeah , sometimes . you ever say one thing but someone hears another thing and thinks it's funny so you don't correct them ?  i've always wanted to take something . i should get to it before i'm too old .  i'm sure we will come to different waters . only some of us will be able to swim . do share . i'm too lazy to go through the reality checks . can i do the boring job from home ? doesn't matter , i'm taking the $ 200,000 .  mispost . this dude knows how to party . how have i not listened to this whole album before ? question : you mean citizen thugs ? or are you talking about military and law enforcement ? because your advice might only work for one .     i love first person shooters . nonetheless with so many , they can get kinda samey with so many around . thread necromancy save us from pointless creation of new ones . only if i can hop off the ride whenever i want .  i used to draw all the time . hardly ever anymore . godly . it's already the best song in the game . the drums make the track even better .  let me know if you figure out how .  strip clubs have to be the most one of the most offensive concepts to me . you have to engage in some game of pretend neutered social sexual interaction where the girl pretends like she is actually ...  the fuck is a game ? stolen from reddit : '