' a black dog . he was cute . : 3 don't have a good picture of him thou . :/ mar del plata , buenos aires , argentina , year 2014 . canon camera . part ii . 601810 6018 26 601834 6018 42 601850 mar del plata , buenos aires , argentina , year 2014 . canon camera . part i . 601770 6017 78 601786 6017 94 601802 at college . with my phone ( lg g4 ) . 600866 no matter where i upload the photos , they always look so much better in my phone . :( yeah , i already knew him , but i haven't heard this song of his before ( besides the one in the track , of course ) so that's why . xd but his music truly is beautiful ... :') jarred and eveyone else : sorry about that . i've been wondering about this song for so long ... and it's so beautiful ... and i love music in such a powerful , deep and literally undescriptable ... oh my goodness , that's the song ... oh my goodness , that's the song ... ohmygoodnessthat'sthefreakingsong ! ! ! thank you so effing much please know that i would freakingly ... aww ... : crying : thanks anyway ! :p roud : maybe that's not the song , but you introduced me to another beautiful one . i didn't know this guy ; i shall go through his music . :D i hope shazam works . i tried to soundhound it but it didn't give ... hey , guys ! i hope this is the right place for this thread ... does anybody know which song this is ? it's from a video . i'm sharing just the audio in case the girl playing the piano somehow finds ... i don't think i'm creative . not a bit . i love music and i like to sing and play the guitar and i'd love to improve on those and learn new instruments ; but i play and sing what's already written . i ... i feel the same way , actually . i'm not really sure of when i can call someone friend . i've never had friends at school , i kinda started at college . so socially , it's like i'm 7 years old . xd ... i actually think i'm somewhere between questioner and upholder , ' cause i take commitments to others vey seriously . but yeah , i don't like doing nonsense things . i'd rather waste time doing nothing ... questioner . i'm very practical . :P i notice those changes quite often too ; i'm pretty observant . i ask if something's wrong but , even thou sometimes something is happening , many times the person tells me that there's nothing going on ... i consider myself quite empathetic but i'm terrible at easily grabing up what other people feel . and even if i suspect something i don't trust my intuition at all ... i honestly don't know much about all the types of humor in english , but doing just a little research ( it's 2a . m . in here , i'm a little sleepy ) , i'd say mine's a bit quirky , intellectual , kinda silly ... that was me with my squish ! it amazes me how similar a squish and a crush can be . same feelings and reactions but one is from i really really want you to be part of my life and me part of yours and ... i was talking about people in general . not just istjs . : 3 but even if it was socially accepted , i don't think i would go around hugging random people . : laughing : only when i think they need it ( and ... i think this can apply to many people . not most of them , but many . in my case , i like being an istj ; i just would like to have that nf ability of getting people so i could know what they're ... a world where it's socially acceptable to hug random strangers ... * pulls out honorary infp card * that'd be so great ! ! ! :D mainly because everytime i see ... i think this topic came up temporally in some thread once and , if i'm not mistaken , istjs tend to like novels , historical books and genres that don't go much far from reality . in other words , no ... thou it sounds better with head / earphones . you can appreciate more all the instruments that are used . recently i found out i'm asexual and aromantic , but i also found out i have had at least one squish ( or platonic crush ) . i'll use this to answer you . you decide whether it's useful or not . i was ... rant : why are customs so stereotyped ? ! apparently , my college friends are organizing a custom party for one of the boy's birthday party and they told everyone to start thinking about the custom . i'm ... which part of we don't particularly hate this don't you understand ? and he can't go hey , i knew it ! because-did you truly read my post ? filling our forum with threads we already said we're not ... it's a pointless and , honestly , stupid experiment . he was told we don't exactly hate this kind of abstract subjects and discussions , we just don't truly see the point in them and so , we don't ... i think it was blue , red , yellow , blue , green aaand ... red ? not so sure of the e . : laughing : hahaha , yes , i'm sure . that was like in half joke ( i don't know if you have an expression like that in english ; when you say something half being serious half joking ) . have you read my post that ... what's personal space ? as it says in my sig , i'm a 1w9 . i have no idea what my tritype is , and i guess my instinctual variant is sp / sx / so ( i didn't know it was called like that ) . oh , and my love language is physical touch ... nope . i have no idea . but hi ! oh my whoever ... oh my freaking whoever this is my thread i love this so much thank you aenye ! ! ! :'D on topic : i really like her voice . i like how the melody's sweet like some kind of ... agreed . so much . this happens to me with many things that are supposed to be socially accepted . :d ry : yeah , i do have a little one as a necklace , but i want a normal one , with the chain . it's an interesting guide , thou . :D the thing is , i'm not sure if pocket watches are sold here in argentina , let ... 1 . 2 . telling me that you've planned ( or maybe just that you've been seriously thinking about ) a trip for us . it doesn't have to be long or in an exotic / far away place . that would mean that you ... ... you notice that lately you don't remember things quite well but you do recall the feelings . for example , i remember once , while walking along a street , i heard an awesome jazz song that i don't ... integrity of impossibe since pretty much everything has already been said , i'm just posting to say : you're a pretty awesome friend . your friend is lucky to have you . :p roud : i hope everything turns ... this is purely out of curiosity : why ? this , so this ! thank you ! :D that's fi ? o . o in that case , i so deserve my honorary infp card . if we're not supposed to often ( or from time to time ) feel those things , i can finally see now why the other personality types ... when someone's feeling sad or bad and i want to comfort them but have no freaking idea of how . : crying : ugh i hate myself in those situations ... i feel so effing useless . oh my freaking whoever this 41 photos that will always be satisfying i'm like goddammit i'm dying gggaaahhh how is this possible :'D i envy her so much . okay , i need to clear something up : by you walk into a cinema screen i get that it's one of those outdoor cinemas ( i don't know how they're called ) so i was just walking somewhere and just happened ... i've been wanting to use this pic ; it's so cute ! x3 p . s . : i like your username . it reminds me of the nyan pikachu i once drew . xd rant : sometimes i hate myself . i wish i had that nf thing of knowing what to say or do to make someone smile or laugh just because or to cheer them up . rave : i'm in one of those rare occasions ... * pokes back * * pokes belly * * tickles you a little x3 * * hug : 3 * oh , hi ! :D exactly . :P '