' make sure you delete the search history : tongue : ... no seriously id just tell me you have an appointment and need time out . if they don't press it , don't tell me . if they are insistent tell them ... i laugh at the most inappropriate things . couldn't tell you why i think these things are funny , but i just cant help it . i think that's what most people would say if you asked them what they hate ... hmmm maybe trying too hard ? take a step back and stop caring so much . the good news is now you can do all those things ! : happy : i'm a car salesman and working on my degree . artistically i'm a bassist and songwriter hahaha had to google that one , i'm a starwars kinda guy . op , i think this answers your question : tongue : so , now that i've both sympathized with your position and employed alliteration while doing so ... drinks ? : wink :: laughing : i agree with everything you said , but i don't think that really applies here . op set off my bs detector lol oedipus ? flowers in the attic ? why not just read it ? cant be any worse than george rr martins series . literature can be explicit , hell real life get pretty explicit at times , get used to it . why so ... actually , said abstract analogy is apt as it appears , albeit absent of any alliteration . i approve of its appropriateness and absolutely applaud your abnormal admonishment of my attempt at ... good luck becoming re-employed ! like they said , make sure your previous employer pays what they owe you ! then enjoy one day off , and then put out your resumes ! i hope you find a nicer place to ... cuz its alll bout the low end :) the official insisted that the draft law does not clash with freedom of expression ha thanks for the laugh op . i also really like how they use the term religions plural , as they would never ... yea , it drives the woman in my life absolutely insane . i cant change it tho . nor do i want to . shes just going to have to learn to accept it if she wants to stay with me ( and when i tell her that , it ... hi ! i think that's how to get any girl , not just enxps : laughing : cortana giving master cheef relationship advice ... cute : tongue : yea i can relate . when i found out that i was an entp , and realized that there is a definition and therefor i'm not a completely unique case , everything made sense . i'm very grateful to mr . jung i have to respectfully disagree as fear can be learned as well as overcome from experience . i find this thread especially interesting , i have a little bit of experience in the fear / powerlessness ... i am completely insane ahahhahhahahahhahahahahaha only a hipster would claim to have been the first hipster ! hahaahahahhahahah why did the hipster burn his tongue ? ? ? ! ? ! because he drank his coffee before it was ... well sir , its front wheel drive , but you still get the shaft car salesman pun :) thanks for that ! : happy : success : the reverse of sseccus , which is of course latin for possessing small and insignificant genitalia . obviously this applies only to the male , as in the old times woman and success were ... loosen up on her . shes a teen and will do her thing , learn her own lessons . im guarantee you shes not as innocent as you think she is either . if she truly wants law school she will get it . if its not ... - anything extremely dangerous - solving a difficult problem - profound bonding with enemy , friend , stranger ... anybody - being on stage - living free of addiction :) - a really good song - benevolence the serenity to accept what you cant change the courage to change what you can the wisdom to know the difference : happy : insinuate that your are sleeping with somebody else . then do nothing . good luck man ! and fuck people like that hahaha o and check out couch surfing ! i thinks its moving too fast . at this rate , we as a species will not be mature enough to handle the singularity * only works on 2nd floor or higher * make sure nobody will be walking below your window ! very simply take a long rope or chain . attach one end to something heavy ( ideally 100 - 150 lbs ) . attach ... i enjoy cooking . im good at it , not great . i cook like you op but im still experimenting , had some great successes and great failures . i have a huge problem cooking meat tho . its the one thing i ... 6 ' 1 185 lbs . athletic lol my metabolism is ridiculous i have to consume around 4000 calories a day just to maintain my weight . its interesting to draw the comparison between body type and ... oohhh the name thing ! no , im not just couldnt resist lol btw wanna see the last thing i copied and pasted ? hahaha no , not at all so confused between comments and copy / pasted things on this ... hahaha no , not at all so confused between comments and copy / pasted things on this tread ! ! ! im making those ! oh my god what the fuck bro ? you really copied and pasted that ? not to derail the thread but can you elaborate on the situation where you needed to copy that ? ? ? lmao * best mountain man accent * you callin me a pussy ? :) lol no argument just joking with each other why ? theres a million reasons why , and short of reducing yourself to an immature ass theres not much you can do about it until they mature . school isn't everything . invest your time in ... naggers ! now can you get off my case ? :P great film by jackie chan ! n_ggers ;) yes im always like , how do you know ? ? ? most people have no clue what mbti is , so without being tested , how are you positive this guy / girl is an xxx ? ? ? and are you basing your interactions with ... lmao idk why but i didn't realize that was your copy / paste hahahahaha lol cool idea for a thread . that was an interesting read while i was supposed to be making follow up calls this morning , i sent it to an old teacher brain ? computer interfaces for communication and control lack of time to spell check , not caring so much if the point remains the same , and giving you credit for your ability to understand the meaning of the statement ... whats the big deal ? ( not to mention ... well i wouldn't wanna be in your position then dude ... no your not normal xd now , you really haven't had time between posts to watch the film , so im guessing you read a plot synopsis , so ill ... yes , i get called that by my girlfriend a lot . i think the first time was when i told her how i felt about marriage . i felt like it was pretty logical and easy to follow ... oh god man ... that films going to damage you :( '