' no , you're not evil , : laughing : . i can relate completely to your workplace situation . at my work coworkers generally have the same boundaries that i have , but there are a few people who ask me ... do you think infps are naturally more patient ? or do you think we are patient in some areas but naturally more impatient in others ? it depends on the situation , how i'm feeling , etc . i am ... my advice : stop over thinking about the touching aspects of a relationship , you're still young so don't panic , and find a meaningful hobby / activity . 1 ) as a fellow infp , i know it's hard to stop ... wasn't it confirmed that she was infp ? i read that in a book once ... i forgot which one though . * shrugs * i completely second this ! i don't think i can say anything else , because you've summed it all up ! and i absolutely love that quote .. uhmm , i've never had imaginary friends ... i used to give my stuffed animals personalities , though . does that count ? i did / do imagine myself in various scenarios , like others here . i guess it's just guys mistaking my niceness and general willingness to converse as - flirting ... it's actually really annoying and i frustrate myself because i don't even know when i'm flirting . i ... when i go to school tomorrow i promise that i won't awkwardly stare at people with a blank face as i walk past them ... i'll smile . sweet 16 ! ugh , there's nothing sweet about this age . still treated like a baby , but told to grow up ... my parents always wanted me to interact with kids , even when i was in preschool my parents told me that all i wanted to do was play with legos by myself , or people watch xd . growing up , my ... i really dislike it when anyone talks during a movie , unless it's obvious that others are welcome to it and the movie sucks . i find it hard to talk during a good movie because i feel like i'm in the ... oops . sorry about that , hehehe . i remeber always wanting to have a job that focused on helping people / animals .. here's my list : - vet - singer - artist - teacher - dentist - professional violinist - librarian you may be uninterested in the external world because it's mainly superficial ( making money , gossiping , parties , etc ) at least where i live . and when you look inward , you get this notion that because ... does it bother you ? do you do it ? what's your reaction ? ( do you say anything ? ) i don't mean just at the cinemas / theaters , but at home with family / friends . mom ( estp ): why are you so lazy ? ! me : uh ... i'm not that lazy ... in my mind : why should i have to do that stupidly mundane task that you can do yourself ? you always call me lazy , but the truth is ... i feel really awkward when someone ( i don't know ) stares at me - not the short glance , but the ' searching for your soul ' kind of look . it's too intimate for me ... i can only handle that with people i ... hmm ... well , my parents always have something negative or critical about everything i say or do . this has become a daily occurrance and results in me feeling very hurt while my parents laugh - even ... ah , my down time ... i usually listen to music , write , read , sleep , daydream . basically anything that will relax me and when i'm alone . i absolutely hate it when people interrupt my daily me time ... go the distance from hercules . this song makes me tear up when i'm singing along . i'm a cry baby , i know . we're all going to die . how does that knowledge affect your daily life ? eh , i know we're all going to die . life goes on , even if you don't . dying doesn't really scare me , the question is how am i ... fear has always been a main factor in my life . i've let my fear win over my courage so many times . sometimes i just want to cry when i know that i allowed my fear to trump over and over again . i've ... ... what's a facebook ? ... just kidding :P i don't even have a facebook account and i'm 16 ... i know i sound pathetic to some people , but i honestly don't think i have enough friends to have one ... ... give me a few moments to think of something interesting . hehe . - i guess writing comes naturally to me when the mood hits me . - when a random idea comes into my head and i get excited and giddy ... well , i stated , the thought process of girls who are immature . so that means that not everyone but a majority of the population at that age . and i also stated that infatuation at this age is ... i'm 16 as well .. it really is the worst when someone you like doesn't feel the same way . however , i always tell myself that i'm just in high school ( young ) and that i have plenty of years to find ... ... mature ? immature ? both ? ! ( i clicked immature xd ) people call me mature all the time , but that could be i'm so reserved and polite when i don't know people that well . last week i was singing a ... i'm annoyed that people think that i'm boring when i would rather bond with a couple of friends over movies and laying about instead of at parties mingling with people who could care less about me ... this is exactly how i feel . it's hard to actually really wan to connect with a single person when they are especially closed off . i can't handle people rejecting me when i don't know what i've done , ... hmmm ... i usually remember my dreams , not all details but mostly the key points . however , i can't remember my dreams when i'm extremely tired the day ( night ? ) i go to sleep . my dreams are ... i've never been in a romantic relationship before ... : blushed : i would hate it if a so would cheat on me , so why would i do that ? we're all human and deserve better than that . i've witnessed ... this question really made me think . in the end , to sum up how i feel i think this is what i worry about . i worry that i'm not a good enough friend or i did something wrong . i'm uncertain that she ... icarusdreams infpblog amy.keiko your views have helped me a lot . i'm going to tell her how i feel . hopefully telling her my feelings will give me some closure if we do end our friendship or evolve ... i don't expect her to follow my rules . i don't think it's stupid to want to connect with a friend once in a while . despite being p , i do not like all changes when it comes to usually stable ... wanderlust 94 thanks for the advice . it's just really hard to let go of a friendship that lasted for years . i think i'll have to lose this friend as a result of growing up and growing apart . : crying : ... bonjour mes amies ! so , i'm really tired of having to text people first all the time . i always have to text someone first or else they won't text me at all ... okay , almost 90 % of the times the ... i definitely use ni more .. op thanks ! ! i'm not confused anymore ! :) january ! i could have been a new years ' eve baby if i was born 7 days earlier ... life is so unfair i eat fairly light . i can't eat breakfast when i just wake up so i normally have nothing until 10am - ish . i usually have a sandwhich and that's it for 7hours . ( school days ) . for the times / days i'm at ... some people are just interested in getting the job done and nothing more . people are sometimes viewed as smug when the truth is that they want someone else to initiate the conversation . authority ... that made my day a little brighter ! i love the irony ... being smug is definitely a trait of people who think that material goods are more important than being thankful for all you have , no matter ... you're eyes really are violet ? that's awesome ! i know a person from denmark and she says that brown eyes are the prettiest because where she's from people mainly have blue eyes . i also love the beat ... ablysmal the more the merrier ! infp's don't bite ;) this song makes me feel depressed and tired . the slow and steady melody sticks with me for hours . this song reminds me that i shouldn't be living life feeling numb and i should live life .. and that ... your score : 56 i knew that i would be somewhere near the middle . a random question i felt like asking . do you have a specific song that makes you feel ? when i say feel i don't mean the usual - it makes me sad ... and stop there . i would love it if you would ... i can't help myself when i see an open target , mainly my good friends / family . i mainly mess with my dad while i tag-team with my estp mom . the other day a friend of mine was sleeping in class and i ... when someone i don't know well makes these jokes i ignore them until they ask me , you got that , right ? - of course i did . people assume that i'm all innocent and act so surprised when i make a ... i form friendships with females a little more easily , but i understand males more . this is probably because i have older brothers so i'm used to being the only girl and talking about things girls ... eh ... i guess . when i was around 11/12 years old i connected well with my younger 5 years old cousins . kids like me but i'm just socially awkward because i don't know what to say . i like talking ... '