' we would need a few ss , and js for sure ... maybe not as many ts . i think a world full of nfs and nts would be interesting . i think if most of the inhabitants of the infp society felt comfortable with ... i am infp and i am horrible at public self-expression and * letting go * . one does not have to be totally wrapped up in self-expression to be infp . oh , i totally agree . it is about healthy b12 assimilation , for me . i am in the process of researching different ways to obtain b12 without putting myself at risk ( apparently there is growth factor in ... self-appointed leader in areas in which i have the most experience . it depends on how strong-willed the other people are , as well . i just cant throw my weight around if someone else is really sure ... i am a vegetarian ( no eggs and incidental dairy ... meaning i dont eat straight up dairy but i might have milk chocolate , for example ) and have included small amounts of fish into my diet for the past ... almost any kind of music played loudly ( what others would call an acceptable level ) makes me feel like someone is taking an egg-beater to my brain . lighting really effects me , as well . fluorescent ... i am both shy and introverted . i have an inferiority complex ! : crazy : but after a while , i feel less shy and more ... quiet . i just do not run my mouth off all that often whether or not i am feeling ... anything with a lot of physical contact ... though doggy always ends up winning out ... hehehehe dad ... inxp ... mom , exfx ... mom died when i was really little . i do not remember as much . i disagree with the above commenter ... personality is not fully developed until about age 7 . i was definitely ... innocent , fragile , kind . sweet ... i have only ever been with my husband , which , as it implies , is a relationship built on deep love . i don't think i could give myself physically to someone if i did not trust them not to break my ... this song , originally by ac / dc , is about a handjob , but mark kozelek manages to turn it into a beautiful acoustic ballad . love it .  youtube - fleetwood mac-christine mcvie - songbird gladly ! here are a few of my favorites . i should say i like 50 ' s , 60 ' , and 70 ' s r & b . youtube - martha & the vandellas - heatwave youtube - jackson 5 - i want you back youtube - the isley ... youtube - bat for lashes - daniel youtube - electronic wuss : owl city parody - key of awesome #20 no offense to anybody who likes owl city ... i just think this is funny . :) let's do it on the balcony ! let's do it in your parents ' bed ! why don't we do it in the road ? ? ? motown . i can't get enough motown . i'd get all a's when i studied .. slept through some classes and got no lower than b's . i cannot do math to save my life ... though my teachers have told me that i really understand concepts , it's the ... youtube - warpaint - undertow youtube - beach house - d . a . r . l . i . n . g . youtube - the last time i saw richard i went to bed around 10 after watching somewhat un-convincing youtube videos presenting the case that kurt cobain was murdered . * shrugs * i wouldn't call it the fault of young children who get most of their sexual education via porn in our prudish society . alternative health field would be right up your alley . google gabriel cousens . that guy has like a million credentials in both western and eastern schools of thought . psychiatrist , nutritionist , ... stop interrupting me ! meditate . find those moments of silence and really appreciate them for what they're worth . should be easy , as introverts . :) this is what i do ... i appreciate silence now more than ever in my life ... you need to be more upfront . for the twenty-thousandth time , clean your room . so , when are you planning on getting out of bed ? that's really sweet , but not necessary ... i work with ... i got infp ... lol . husband is intp and i cannot complain . : happy : right now ... i can't do of all time . :) you came to me - beach house daniel - bat for lashes fake plastic trees - radiohead banshee beat - animal collective just letting you know - syd lane a silent love creeps over bricks into slipping stillness your blood seeps i don't mind a part of me gladdens in all this creeping like memories meeting fruition in the quietest way honestly , i have always had a fascination with any kind of mental aberration ... eating disorders , all types of psychological maladies . this has developed in to a kind of compassion as i have developed ... i want to be a nurse and administer aid to starving children in africa ... afraid that would do me in , however . also would like to foster children and rehabilitate traumatized and injured animals from ... i had my hard times pretty early in life as well , but i am still an uber-sensitive , extremely emotional infp . i am not quite as idealistic as i was , but i have used my idealism to generate some ... i have always wanted a job that helps me express the core of how i perceive myself . ( basically , work that involves helping other people at a very fundamental level . ) if one cannot somehow see work as ... i am assuming you are british ... please correct me if i am wrong . i have noticed that the british are pretty brutal when it comes to criticizing on weight . in the states , there is a lot of that as ... not really a poem ... just jogging my memory i love you for your tenderness your tentative hands easy smile i love you for your honesty steadfast eyes loyalty i love you for your work ethic or ... men like women who look good without makeup . most men are practically incapable of telling whether you're wearing makeup if you've got on neutral colors , and that's what they like . get made up , but ... gimme yer milk money , or it's swirly time . :P well , i met my husband on the internet and sent him a long free-write prose piece . he's the kind of person who responds well to that . i have had a lot of trouble since about 9th grade with making friends . the only friends i have now are those whom i knew before high school . i went through a series of rejections and whatnot and i've ... nowhere to run - martha reeves and the vandellas tracks of my tears - smokey robinson and the miracles all i want - joni mitchell heartbeats - css dog - el perro del mar ma gruagach dhonn - ... my hubby ? umm ... i think his face is just well-composed . love his eyes , nose , mouth , cheeks ... shoulders , waist , booty , legs ... i get a little giddy just thinking about it . i like a good jawline ... i was more extroverted as a child . i made friends easily , but always enjoyed quiet activities and working on projects by myself . as i've grown up , i find myself becoming more and more introverted ... e . e . cummings fan . :) i am married to the person to whom i lost my virginity . we married two years after the fact ... anyway , i knew at the time that i wanted to marry him . i don't regret it at all . i think i have a considerable amount of empathy and compassion for people around me , but i fear showing it because i have some kind of a hair-pin trigger , if you will , on the waterworks ... i think ... '