' whenever something social is expected of me . expectancy to start a conversation , to keep the conversation going , to listen to someone and / or aid them emotionally , to go to a party , meet new people , ... i am pro-marriage equality . who cares about the purpose of marriage , it's sociopolitically convenient and it gives you health and legal rights with your partner . if it's a given right to a particular ... i feel underachieved a lot of times , like i know i could be doing more and better and i should . but i just can't find the right motivation , which is the main source of my procrastination . lately i've ... i am . i wouldn't go as far to say i need the people who are closest to me , but ... i'm certainly ' needy ' with them , to a certain degree , for their attention and acknowledgement , even affection some of ... thanks , i knew they were mostly in the south of the planet but didn't imagine the range was as big as the south hemisphere . hmm perhaps , isfp sounds good enough . i barely know her , though . ixfj : so when i ask where the penguins are , what do you think about ? me : antarctica . south of the planet . ixfj : huh * turns to esxp friend * and what's your opinion ? me : * interrupts * excuse me ? it ... if i ever ' yield ' to another person ( be it male / female or intj / any mbti ) in a debate it'll be because obviously they had better and more logical arguments . not because i / feel / a tendency or certain ... i'm demisexual / grey-asexual friend asks me a question , i answer correctly . then she proceeds to ask another friend and what's your opinion ? so i intervene and say : what i told you isn't an opinion it's a fact . well ... yeah , it's happened often but i figured people just want to be heard by someone who'll let them talk freely and be non-judgmental ? i hadn't thought of it as ' me ' being someone they specially ... this was like getting a cute enfp gif'd letter . es ist gut no ... no , i - - why intjs though ? why friendship ? btw , there's a subforum for that , here every nt is invited to tag along . a modern middle ages , ideologically speaking . 10 things you just love in people chitchat expertise casual sex / dating stories smile contest ! i guess not , if i found the smartest person ever ( which woah , is pretty amazing ) but they were absolutely disgusting physically - i wouldn't be attracted to them . i'm nice to people within my own terms of what is being nice . for me it's to tolerate and respect them . their beliefs , decisions ( as long as these don't hurt someone else ) , personality , personal ... i didn't . i don't think i have above average intelligence , i'm just interested in different stuff than people regularly do . when i first realized people were interested and immersed in stupid ... that people had sex only with people they loved that my parents were perfect i'd grow up to have many friends and have an interesting life that friendships were the best thing ever that ... we all think we're special somehow . if we don't who's gonna do it for us ? i don't care if someone thinks they're the greatest shit ever . how does someone else's opinion of themselves even affect ... 1 . i don't find first names meaningful ... ah , perhaps juliet ? i have no strong feelings one way or the other 2 . that you must not rely on someone else to be yourself , or to be well , strong . to seek ... i don't think i'd be able to boss my clone around , after all - it is a clone of myself . but hey , another mind like mine . totally like mine ! cool . we'd agree that since we can't both live under the ... no no , i do get your point . i just think it's wrong / doesn't make any sense . hmm ( i say this a lot , see intj chart translator : ) what did you say again ? ... i ... i thought this was going to be a thread about females complaining about their troubles . maybe troubles with females would have been a more accurate title description . also , the term you use , the ... we're all capable of ending someone else's life - independently of our mental health - as long as we have the means . human society works with the expectation that people aren't going to randomly start ... welcome . i was going to read your full post but it was way too far from concise . anyway , hope you enjoy it here and learn your way around mbtis . all the real friendships i have are close friendships . what others would think of as their regular friends , for me they're known acquaintances . i'm very extremist on this matter , very black or white ... i self-taught myself english ( which is my second language ) . i started listening to many songs in english ( i'm a good auditive learner so this worked well for me ) , practiced speaking it in my classes ... all hail cheese <3 it's perfection . 66148 hmm i'm only staying if we have red velvet cheesecake i have low expectations on people too , so when i talk to them i usually go ' huh , they're not so dumb ' . soon my expectations grow a little and then they are crushed within a matter of seconds . my ... that hardcore hamster is completely awesome now i feel like training lethal hamsters also , i want a cat . big city , i'm not expected to be intimate with neighbors and everyone minds their own business ( or at least they pretend to ) if i could have my solitude , independence and lack of expectancy on ... just go to the tumblr tag of intj and you'll see plenty of examples . my iq is slightly above the average . does that mean i'm an intj ? i don't like small talk . does that make me an intj ? i ... that's like saying you identify enough with humanity to say <x> . i respect your opinions on cats , but there were better arguments . back to the topic , i'm particularly soft on some enfps . and ... when you're your friends ' walking dictionary i don't disapprove of this thread , my disapproval lies within the discrimination people get from society based on their tattoos ( and i disapprove discrimination generally ) . i truly hadn't seen ... 1 . because i simply didn't know people usually discuss this 2 . how is any opinion objective ? i was under the impression that any opinion is subjective . of course , my opinions are valuable to me ... i didn't even know that attitude towards tattoos is something that's usually discussed . i couldn't give less of a fuck to what people ink on their bodies ( including faces ) . i mean - yeah , when i ... we're playful the same way an evil cat might be playful . ( i'm specially playful - or silly - with my so ) i like turning people's words or phrases around and telling them they're not making any ... i like mornings . when the sun is just going out and everything's quiet and the streets are deserted . however , sleep > morning peacefulness so , i like mornings but i hate not sleeping enough , ... it's a mix of the desire to overcome that person , admiration , jealousy and wanting to befriend . if it's a guy who did it , it's hot . if it's a girl , i'll either admire her or hate her . depends . i've never been truly close to one , or at least , i didn't type them as infp . quite whiny perhaps . nothing for today . tomorrow , i have homework and a project . i identify most with the lurker , and i'm 5w6 > get angry > common sense black out > come back after anger has been lashed out > people who witnessed it are afraid now > ' oh ... ' no but that's just happened twice . it's not very common , i hate ... this will be the new place i'll procrastinate in . fak , this is a long thread . anyway , living away from my family is kinda hard . i feel 10 % more like an adult an 90 % more like a child . this . if i wanted consolation , i would ask , and that doesn't happen . [ / quote ] this ^ although sometimes i like to reason the problem with someone who can be more objective to me on the issue . not ... being life sucks fuck intj being fuck sucks intj life life fuck intj sucks being intj fuck life sucks being '