' i get that a lot too . people say i sound / look high and / or seem tired . people also see me as pure and innocent , so much so that they feel the need to apologize for cursing in front of me and ... i chose mine because i like rain , i like owls and what they represent , and i've always found this movie's animation entrancing . non-existent for me too xd i guess i've technically been on a few dates , mainly to see what it was like . i've never been interested , and i haven't yet met someone who could make me interested . i'm ... what are you looking for in your dream house ? something comfortable , fun , and interesting . what kind of scenery around the house ? lots of land i can ride a fourwheeler on , surrounded by a small ... depends on who i am around . i've been told i never smile , but someone also told me they've never seen me not smile . more often than not though , the misconception is that i'm a sad person . my ... when someone asks this question , i always answer with defenestration ! xd i also love : - effervescent - iridescent - vitreous they're fun to say , and i like their meanings ! nacho jester this is all for now ... 660449 goofy grey's anatomy blue dog brown charlotte it dishes conditioner paper towels i can relate to having expectations that are too high . i often get stuck in a loop of : - having an optimistic outlook and chasing after my dreams and goals -> - trying not to be too idealistic and ... necessities for me , if a guy is a ladies ' man it doesn't make him any more or any less attractive . however , i probably wouldn't let myself develop any romantic feelings towards him because of the competition ... canned food chicken pot pie olive ( the other reindeer ) christmas like everyone else has been saying , directness is best for me too . i also do not want to feel pressured into responding right away . it takes time for me to process and form the right words , because i ... icecream static shock pirate seer magic 8 ball bakery squad lol cigarette ( clay ) pot stove atlantis video game i don't quite know how to explain it , but my patterns of speech are different from most people my age it seems . i'm very ... formal ? archaic ? not that i necessarily use old words , but maybe words ... just something i overheard someone say today and i've been thinking about it a lot ... in that movie cloudy with a chance of meatballs , the main character invents spray-on shoes and he is never able ... * joins * i see , why is that ? oh ? second day here and i'm already invited to a party ? :) thanksgiving green i've typed as an infp every time i take the test up until the last two times i've taken it , when my result was intp instead . people who don't know me very well often guess that i'm a t , but my close ... toe i've been told i have a calming presence by several people . '