' if i started renovating just like that , it would end in the mother of all chaoses and i wouldn't mind . probably . so i see where you are coming from : a desire to have a room that can be called in good ... well . perhaps related in the most general of ways , like zynthaxx said , a dislike for invasion of personal space and privacy , and possibly istps are more private than other types . in that sense , ... it's hardcore-sp : tongue : so yeah , i relate . by now , i try to make it very clear that anything i say comes with the caveats of current position and maybe , unless i specifically promise to do ... i have found no consistency in this as yet . it's contradictive . in general , i can find pleasure in a perfect something . and i like to think that if i do something , i do it right . on the other hand , ... this is nice of you and i mean this without any further meaning than the literal one . ( except possibly wondering why you don't cut those people out of your life if they are that annoying . family ? ... i certainly see where you're coming from . the issue , as such , seems easy enough to relate to : like i mentioned before , i consider things internally and have a tendency to suddenly voice parts of it ... ... what just happened to the thread ? o . o nipnip : i haven't read bigger nonsense in a while . if you feel sufficiently offended , ask , otherwise w / e . divine giver : ... i suppose , if you came ... i realise this might not be entirely serious ( ... maybe ? i hope ? ) , but i would like to know what i have in common with an esfp . there probably is something , i guess , but if so , it's certainly not ... personally , i see this not ( only ? mostly ? ) as a feature of ti , but rather , a lack of the opposite . the point is that you're not emotionally invested . as such , you can't exactly react emotionally ... ( for the non-istp - and non-istp-knowing ... thoughts is that you're asking the wrong question . distant is distant is distant , but what matters is ; is he more distant than usual ? if yes , he's trying to work something out . if no , you're right , ... as missing in important details as it was , it's a simple question and deserves a simply answer , so no , i don't think that was her intention . the obvious thing to do is to call the hotel , of course , ... 4 ) she's dead . it appears the question isn't what you should do , but what you can do . the most likely answer appears to be : nothing . so nothing is what you should do . unless you want to actually ... but what is this way ? people keep saying this , but no one ever specifies . it is rather hard to consider adapting the communication style , or even just talk about the issue , if no one ever says what ... i'm still not convinced it's a problem . the difference is as indicated by demtrae above , but what relevance as a fundamental problem would that pose ? at the risk of invoking s stereotypes : can ... this is my experience as well ( from the other end ) . did you ever consider it a fundamental problem , though - - in the sense that it presented an insurmountable barrier between the two of you that made ... if you would like this actually answered , you had best look for whether there are studies concerning this issue . if you're just looking for anecdotes : i know enough f types that prefer maths over ... so it might depend on which thinker , but perhaps repress is not the best way to describe it . as my emotions are quite distant from myself to begin with , the opposite picture would work better : if i ... hah ! and to your efficiency through coordination and established precedents , i raise you the leaps of progress that only happened because someone went ... wtf are we doing ? and came up with a ... i can't think of any , admittedly xd my wedding experiences usually amount to eating , talking , and eventually doing calculations on napkins , at which point i indeed excuse myself and leave . ( with ... see , now that is the very opposite of what i meant . if you do end up behaving in a manner that is different to how you usually behave , do it for your sake , not for someone else's . be cheerful at the ... much obliged , my willingness to help increased 10 % . there are two answers . one , be prepared - - if you bring it up ( which you needn't ) - - for him already having forgotten ever being grumpy ( or in ... ... but ' logical ' will have a different meaning . also , well , yes . most people can behave opposite to how they usually behave . it's , as always , a statement about preferences , not about can or can'ts ... turi : see , now you called s simple too : tongue : it's true , though , in a sense , and i really appreciate that . it's simple in the sense that it cuts away all the clutter and focuses sharply on ... i'm not sure if you are still missing the point , turi . given the 18 pages , i'm sure someone tried to point this out before , but let me try again . and by way of example , because s . if a person , i ... well , bonus points for honesty takkenne . always appreciate a clear view of one's self . makes perfect sense , and it's funny how much i'm indeed your opposite . i see no point in lying about my ... the thing is , that is exactly what i don't need . in the strictest sense , my own company is quite enough . other people are nice , but optional , and yes , this extends to years . what drives me insane ... ... is none of your concern . therefore : no , and no . what might be there is a technical notebook , e . g . detailing an experiment . it will be remarkable for zero personal stuff , and its dry , ... i suppose it is , but i'm not the one you want to talk about this . i never cared enough to look all that much beyond my own type , so the only real insight i have to offer is that you're not it . i just ... i see n over s and i definitely don't see an istp . have you tried to find out where your need for external validation comes from and / or which type this might indicate ? i suspect that will be the end of it . then again , you never know . if you do get that far , being a reasonable person will be enough - - because the rest ( getting her interested ) isn't something you can ... that is has to do with types ( or rather : that types can be divided by this issue ) is already clear by the very concept you are using . lateness implies valuing punctuality . if you don't care about ... in what sense , exactly ? taken literally , this statement seems trivially wrong , so i'm not sure what you mean . like i said before , i have problems to apply this concept of genuineness or authenticity . if i am what i want to be , but what i want to be includes being different things to different people , in ... are you intentionally separating feeling and emotional response here ? i would posit that the response is entirely under your control , but the feeling is not ; however , it you simply meant that a ... yes . right until your ruin all chances with this cute girl you had an eye on by being your usual insensitive self or - - even worse - - not even knowing you liked her until after the chance is gone . ... in the sense that they don't get all bitchy at you , and neither anything else , yes . it's the same reason why the wall in your room isn't bitchy . if you want that peace and quiet though , you're ... strictly this says nothing about thinking , just thinking , and everyone can do that . the more relevant difference , if you're looking between ixtp and ixfp , is how close you are to your emotions . on ... ... if someone actually invented a reasonable something that would spare me the time i waste cooking and eating every day , i would pay a lot of money for it . i can think of approximately a hundred ... yes , a lot . and no , in my experience , it's rather a lack of typical se-engagement ( or ti-heaviness ) and typing by behaviour that leads to the ( quite common ) ixtp mistypes . in the end , the types ... the correct answer is that i am not labels . including and especially non-conformist . i am what i am and ( together with it is what it is ) every istp will understand what that means . actually , ... yes , i learned recently that apparently , you do not go alone to concerts . it simply never occurred to me , so i did it wrong all those years . i hope they will forgive me . that aside , if quality of ... in more relevant matters , have you ever noticed this tactic to fail for hardcore sensors ? i looked at that post , found no point , shrugged , and left . i think it's a blessing , really - - the world is so ... keep in mind , though , that in some sense , you are one of those hybrid-types . there is a certain truth to how the difference is described for the clearest thinking / feeling types , at least as far as ... i never struggled , no . i had the ( typical ? ) good motoric control of my body and hand-eye-coordination . i was a fair gymnast , for instance . and i enjoy running , simply for the sake of it ( i'd be a ... well , don't hold back on my account , anyway . i'm not sure whether you haven't understood what i meant , or if you did , but disagree . yes , naturally , fearing death would include the process of ... it does for now , luckily . how it'll look like in a year i couldn't tell you for obvious reasons , but i'm sure i can make it work , whichever way it goes . but that's actually an interesting point ... well , a day starts when i wake up , and it ends when i fall asleep . and ... uh , that's it . being less facetious , but equally true : i generally try to keep my commitments to a minimum - - ... well , that's the obvious and perfectly common-sense way of dealing with what's really a non-issue in a group setting , no ? when i arrived at lectures at any point from five minutes before the start to ... ... i think it's been a while since i read something that made less sense to me . is the following an accurate summary : you are you . you thought you were a feeler . so therefore , being religious was ... '