' hey there , first of all , sorry for the generalization , i just wanted a short title . i am an intj and for some reason i seem to attract istps . not romantically , i mean just as friends . among ... hey everyone , yesterday i was typed professionally by a certified practitioner and after the test , we also talked a little about how my type manifests itself in my personal life . the result was ... hey there intj neighbour ( i'm a belgian intj ) . i noticed your results are very similar to mine . i can't remember the n , but i had 95 % i , 71 % t and 62 % j . i hope that you will have a great time ... hello everyone , before all the istps start retaliating by saying that we should not try to win them over , i would like to say that i read a thread on this forum called how not to win over an ... hello everyone , as part of my course academic text production , i have been given the assignment to hold a formal , academic presentation about a topic that interests me . i would like to do ... i script a lot of conversations in my head too , and then it's giga annoying when you don't actually have them when the moment is there . i mean , i'm relieved too , but feel bad at the same time because ... first of all , it's asocial , not anti-social ( unless you meant anti-social of course , which i highly doubt ) . secondly , are you implying that we don't have a positive outlook on life because we are ... i find the mechanisms of nature very enthralling , so anything related to physics is my cup of tea . i definitely am . you should go out more . i find this one of the most annoying statements . you should really talk more often . but why ? isn't that boring ? - after i am so kind to share what i have been doing . ... i go for efficiency and make sure that i can memorise it for longer than 2 weeks . otherwise it's wasted effort , even if you passed . i plan , not very carefully , but i do have plans i stick to . e . g ... i tried iq tests for fun online , although i do not take the results seriously . i am bad at math * , so i scored high on iq tests with little math questions and average on iq tests that contain many ... i live together with 4 male esxps , and that for 3 more months . it's an absolute nightmare . virgin , 20 , heterosexual , but don't want a girlfriend at the moment since i want to focus on college and my own life . read about it earlier , the title of the article excited me in ways it shouldn't . answer is definitely yes , and sometimes i can't wait to share the things i learnt with someone else . i use facebook for school purposes only , but sometimes i catch myself wanting to advertise an ... hello there , i have been struggling with pretty severe social anxiety for more than a decade now and i would like to read more about it with the intention to possibly overcome it on my own . that's ... welcome to these forums . be sure to check out the intj forum , which is 100 % undeniably the best place of this site . ___ also hello ... i scored a 90 and i am aware of my social phobia . i had social anxiety disorder for years , to a very bad degree . being an intj , the fact that no-one was like me only made things worse in high school . i was made fun of quite a couple of times , ... - vsauce ( youtube channel ) - michio kaku 31 . seems pretty normal for the average intj if i look at previous posts . when you are a huge fan of michio kaku . physics , especially astrophysics and metaphysics . hello everyone , so 4-5 days ago i ( intj ) met this enfp and today , after hanging out with each other for hours every day , she told me that she loves me . i have already read lots about intj + enfp ... well , thanks for answering , but i'm not really sure if i'm happy with that since you assumed several things too fast . : s i had to do the official mbti test once because my psychologist had asked ... hello everyone , i have recently started teaching myself some stuff about the enneagram . i have gone through each of the 9 types now and type 6 looked very remarkable . i did various enneagram tests ... i have always thought of myself as a very intelligent person , even when i was kid . probably because my general knowledge was quite impressive compared with other people of my age and because i was ... my biggest frustration is that people appear to misunderstand me very often or sometimes just don't understand me at all . which is something i don't understand because i just say the things the way ... is the moon really made of cheese ? lol joke . actually , i only wanted to make this joke and leave it at that , but now i have just googled what happens to cheese when in space ? . is this ... welcome , i'm from your neighbouring country belgium and no-one knows it here either . they would probably say that there is something wrong with me if i tried to bring up mbti , haha . i have ordered : - type talk : the 16 personality types that determine how we live , love and work by otto kroeger and janet thuesen - the wisdom of the enneagram : complete guide to psychological and ... hey , i joined this site ages ago and then went inactive until a couple of weeks ago , and now i am back . decided to revisit this site to look up some information about a certain personality type , ... i don't usually respond to introductions , but i want to say that i find your way of telling things extremely attractive and captivating . i like it . :) and now that i am here , i might as well say ... i actually have the exact same feelings as the topic creator regarding this subject . i am studying applied linguistics , speak 5 languages , understand 8 languages , know more than average about ... i find it important that everyone , including myself , is honest . however , if you somehow managed to frustrate me , then i might thow in a nasty lie every now and then . depending on the context , i'd ... were you involved in sports or the arts ? yes , badminton . i have the tendency to dislike getting involved in non-individual sports . dating ? never dated . never really interested . i'm 19 now and ... i strongly prefer written over verbal communication because i cannot express myself very well verbally . i'm likely to lose a verbal debate because i can't change my opinions / ideas into a ... ... if you get insanely obsessed with trying to figure something out . hello everyone , i have an amazing istp friend and we usually get along very well , but i have noticed that he sometimes doesn't understand that he's doing things that he shouldn't be doing and that ... thanks for posting everyone . zynthaxx well , it doesn't really matter if i am p or j , but it would be good to know , however . i have read a lot of articles about both intp and intj now i'd ... aquc , thanks for posting , but i think i'm going to remove the entire story that i added as you also seem to focus too much on the context ( which is my fault , because that is what you get when you put ... hey zynthaxx , on the test i did , i was indeed very close on the j / p , so even though it was more j than p , i am probably something in between of them . i know that being an intj has nothing do with ... hello there , i initially had a story posted here as well , but i removed it as people were focusing too much on the story itself ( which was my fault ) . i basically wanted to know the answers to the ... '