' definitions i tend to get definitions from other people through discussion and asking questions . i will also get them from online since it is the most accessible resource . idea i tend to ... 1 . i don't really notice a flaw on someone's clothes , unless they are mine , then i can't stand it . the details i slip up on in school are usually math problems . i find that editing a paper can be ... 1 . i can never really give a clear answer on this , so theres that . in school subjects , i tend to be subject to having a very good understanding of the topic , but i slip up on small details . i've ... do you feel mentally shut down , like you are tired of thinking ? do you feel as though the whole world is against you , throwing up every possible obstacle to plague you ? ( loss of healthy ni ... i did two of the surveys and put them in the spoiler tags . after testing infj , i've been trying to figure out if that is really my type . thanks for any suggestions ! 1 ) what aspect of your ... scenario 1 i honestly don't know how i would exactly react ; no one could possibly prepare for something like that . even with the horrible things happening to her , i would probably still have some ... you are funny . on a serious note , getting rid of those networks would be kind of against the first amendment . the way i see it is that we need people who are cynical about this country . we ... don't care for having them right now , but that might change as i am only a teenager right now . i might want one once i am in my 20s - 30s and have a spouse . i have decided that if i have kids , i ... if you bring good will , then welcome ! if not - release the unicorns ! 382090 i do it kinda like mai 381466 esfj type most likely to become a paranoid conspiracy theorist ? - do you agree or disagree with this idea of an expiration date ? why ? honestly , don't know if i fully agree or disagree to this concept . the notion is very intriguing , however . i feel that if ... isfp nah , i wouldn't . don't really feel like i have the ... authority ? moral high ground ? eh , something along those lines , to make that kind of decision . i feel that it takes away the free will of ... my friends have given me three nicknames over the years . i was always called shaggy dog at boy scout campouts because when i woke up in the mornings , my hair would be extremely shaggy . after ... oh , this happens to me all the time . been going on for as long as i can remember . most of the time it is like i will fully hear what the person said , but not understand it or the entire meaning ... my three best friends are enfp , istp , and isfj . infj . the general fields that i would like to possibly be in are music , english / writing / journalism , or psychology . my dream job is to be an author , but i will need to have a regular job before i go ... my best friends are enfp , esfp , istp , and isfj . yeah , the one for infj would probably mar me internally . i don't know what i would do if i was stuck in that situation . i also think that the esfp one is also harsh . despite being an introvert , i ... infj i don't really know . i guess anywhere from a 5 to an 8 . i'm somewhat acquainted with most people in my grade since they generally find me very polite and friendly . my school isn't that ... for me , it's * kingdom hearts ii final mix * persona 3 fes * smt devil survivor overclocked * demon's souls * batman arkham city * tales of xillia * portal 2 * the world ends with you * my ... the way i see it is that in infjs the ni is dominant , so the focus would be their plan for the future or thier internal vision . enfjs have dominant fe , so they might value bonds with others and ... i prefer bittersweet endings overall because i feel that it just fits with the feeling of finishing something you've invested your time with well . if it is a happy ending though , i do prefer it to ... intj this made me think about that one scene from cabin in the woods . this is what happens when you anger the nfs . * slight warning * 2988102988 02 to all outsiders * ahem * i mean guests in our lovely forum , this is absolutely 100 % true . follow this to truly understand us . i knew the tps would want payback soon ... i don't know if this is the poor si , but i am notorious for forgetting and mixing up names . i seem to just have a hard time memorizing details and will usually forget them if they do not pertain to ... if it is limited to america , probably colorado , specifically durango . i went there last summer with my scouting troop and got to see many of the landmarks and sights . i loved the weather , scenery , ... going to have to say infp 1 . the lighting . this is just a personal thing , but i really like lighting and how it came around the corner and lit up the area . i also noticed the contrast between the light and the dark . i also ... determinated blue is definitely my favorite . especially the darker or grayish deep blues . it just has a sort of feeling it gives off that i really like . others that are close to my favorite are black , green , ... science fiction and fantasy are my two favorites with fantasy coming out on top . i really appreciate when an author is creative with his or her work and can put me in the character's shoes and show ... i'm fairly good at math , but i hate it for the most part . the only branch i can say i enjoyed is geometry because it felt a lot like putting a puzzle together . well , a heavy winter coat might look nicer , but it isn't as useful if the temperature is unstable that day . i'd probably go for multiple layers , as you can shed one if it gets too hot . hiking or ... dragons ! i've always loved them since i can first remember . i used to use facebook back in middle school , however i can't stand it now . it's just become so cluttered that i can't really be bothered to use it . i have moved onto much more streamlined social ... i completely understand what you are saying . something similar happened to me a while ago . back last spring i was attending a scouting event with my troop and a few members of another in the same ... in most cases no , but in some cases yes . i find that i'm able to handle a slow-paced plot quite well . i'm not good on waiting for things to happen , though . it irks me when something does not ... when i first discovered mbti , i initially identified as an infj . as time went on and i learned of the cognitive functions , i began to question myself on my type and sought help on the forum . so far ... both my parents are isfjs ( though my dad just might be an istj . ) they both are very caring and i have gotten along very well with them . they both truly want what is best for me and have done their ... one person told me i was one of the sweetest people she had ever met . ten minutes later someone else told me i had the eyes of a serial killer . oddly enough , both are isfjs . i completely understand what you said about having to wait until i am older to get a full grasp on everything . in fact , i was just thinking about how i probably needed to wait to see if my shy phase ... wow , i think you just broke me ... i am truly finding all of this fascinating and it has shown me a few things about myself that will prove useful . for some reason , though , i still am finding it ... i've read through the the profiles , and i don't quite relate to a lot of the descriptions shown . i'll list some of the ones i did relate to . may feel quite lonely even when surrounded by people ... gonna go with intp . well , when i was younger , i was much more vocal and eager to voice my opinion . i was more outgoing . i started to become really shy around fifth and sixth grade . i have always wanted to go into ... '