' dualistic thinking is what i see with your response . if a person does not choose to do something because of something , then it does not imply that the person who choose to do that is because of ... what are you talking about ? singularity ? i don't even know what's that . i'm posting here because i didn't pick and choose the personality type of the threads group , and just adding what i'm thinking ... i'm not saying that someone said it isn't . so , your understanding is also dumb . do i need more reasons to explain why i'm not crying other than accepting it as a part of life ? nope . i'd rather be healthy , attractive , and intelligent . regardless of my intro or extroversion . no , i don't . because death is a part of life . short answer : no . the only serial killer that i consider as interesting is sylar . but , other than him , no . regardless of how crazy i am , the idea of oppressing and killing a powerless individual is not virtuous . that is a good question . i could know someone really well , and understand who he / she is ( depending on how open he / she is ) . but , the question is what does it mean to be his / her friend ? why do i ... i got unitarian universalism as a result . but , i don't really conform to any ism . i build my values as i learned through life . faith means believing your intuition , and it's not always right . we need to think as well . it's your issue , not mine . you're interpreting my statements as if i was thinking ( just like any other intp ) that subjectivity is bad . but , i didn't exactly mentioned the value of subjectivity . hmmm , there's something weird when you said but . religion should remain subjective , if it becomes objective , that's the root of the problem in society that discriminates those that have ... that's also my perception on nevermore ' s reply to my post . i also experience this similar feeling when i traveled to some magical areas outside the city . such as various places in europe . but , ... i was raised catholic , and i never really argued , until recently . for those people who do feel this , they actually don't exactly know what is supernatural , transcendental , or any of similar ... yes , you're right about that . in my case , there's a little to no reason for me to spend lots of time here if i do have a good and real social life . in real life , we need to get their attention , and going through all the small talks before we could really have a conversation . this is if we're meeting strangers . it's different if we're spending ... well , i'm the first intp to answer . what i'm looking for on the internet are people that i can't connect with in real life . because of various reasons like distance , etc . in my real life , how ... society will and always fail . i understand infj has a high level of fe-ness , but don't let your compassion towards people blinding you from the real truth of humans . humans are always imperfect ... i'm feeling dark and gloomy today . no , we don't need to help them understand . why do we need them to understand ? as long as they are not bothering me , i don't care . if they are bothering me , ... again , personality has little to do with appearance . how you think and behave is not influenced by how you look from the outside . if you think that asian culture appreciates appearance more than ... such natural talent and ability is not tied to personality theory . no matter how hard you try to think that men are as talented as women in that area . it depends on the context . if science is done in a more flexible and inspiring way , i will always be interested . but , when science disconnects completely from our life or it's done in a remote ... why should i ? i don't really analyze people with mbti in real life . i rarely do that . it's too hard , because i need to really know what's going on in their head to understand their personality . i'm always seeking ... ok , then . this is infj : leading introverted intuiting foreseeing implications , transformations , and likely effects supporting extraverted feeling i already know the functions order . i know nobody is forcing me . what i want to know is why i tend to get weird results in cognitive functions test ? but , when i did a test that doesn't present the ... how hard it's to possess any ne ? i sometimes even think that ne is an underdeveloped te . it doesn't seem like it's that difficult . also , with enough training everyone could be good at ti ... what is this particular tool ? what makes it different between intp and infj ? this is getting more and more complicated . so what is the actual difference between infj and intp ? you said profession has an effect . i could understand why this is the case . in my experience , ... then , based on this i could say that i'm definitely not infj . although , i like to observe people and trying to understand them , i tend to avoid being with them too often . if i like such activity , i ... it's actually relevant . i could understand how the ni and ti have a close relation in how it's used . i don't have this dilemma most of the time . my dilemma seem to be more about the usage of si , ti , ... yes , mood could be a factor . i could understand intj and infp . but , i'm not really a social chameleon yet . i remembered that when i learned to drive , i'm always wondering how these drivers were able to do these things without thinking . such as feeling the machine . it puzzled me when they told me this . ... i relate more with infp than infj . that's the source of my unhealthiness . ti and te : i tend to categorize things , like whether this object should be located in a particular place , or whether it should be manipulated in some ... yes , the same test . yes , i know he's joking . i just don't understand what c4 means , i know it's not the c4 bomb :-) . isn't it weird how i received the first answer from an intp , instead of an infj ? i understand most of what you're writing , except this one : i think it has something to do with me making an ... i just took another cognitive function test . i spent lots of time trying to understand the difference between intj and intp . this is because i could either think as an intj or intp . now , i'm ... you have to push yourself . turn your brain power into that . no , it's not like that . i could relate to that if you perceive that from authority figures . but , when it comes to other people . they simply just don't really think about it . they just do what ... there are various types of feelers , not all are very sensitive . i could relate to them , and understand them sometimes . but , in most cases i hurt their feelings . not necessarily in this order : infp , intj , entp , enfp i like to watch basketball because it's more than just physical talent . you really need to also think in playing it as a team . i think this applies to professional football as well ( not the nfl , i ... i think it depends on the individual . i see one night stands as an experiment instead of an addiction or something that i have to avoid . i know there are lots of risks involved with that , but if ... of course it's annoying . our life depends on it too much . without it life would be so much easier and endurable . i'm not well read on the subject . that's the problem . but , i do understand that everyone is allowed to amass wealth . it's just a matter of whether they could do it or not . then , i could care less what you think about the subject or any of your arguments . that's also a problem ... my mind can't shut up , and quite likely it will take over other things such as my survival , social activity , and responsibilities . i'm ill-informed and lazy , please inform me . the wealthiest individuals you know . '