' i can manipulate people , and have , but i'm not a manipulative person ... if that makes sense . being manipulative is not a natural state for me . i don't enjoy it and it goes against what i believe ... i asked my entj boyfriend and he said none . that's a stupid question . i thought it was so entj that i had to post it : laughing : this is partly what leads me to believe she is an istj and i am not sure i've communicated this very well . she has been pretending for 3 years that there is not a problem when there clearly is . ... i find conversations about concrete , practical things mind-numbingly boring . unless i am actually thinking about buying a house or a car and am searching for experiences and information , i really ... yes , i have dealt with people like this . after getting burned by these people many times , as soon as i identify this behaviour i completely distance myself from that person . it's toxic and harmful . i pretty much 100 % agree with this , it's just how i feel too . it's funny that the number of friends we have has been brought up . it's for the above reasons that i find it very hard to sustain ... agreed ! i'm seeing an entj , he's a wonderfu , dedicated partner . he was super charming when we first met ( and still is ) . the entj i live with is very intense . good mood , bad mood , calm mood , it doesn't matter , it's just all very intense ! i do this , it's the first thing i do to greet someone i know ( and like ) . ^ it's not bugging me any more than it used to . i've just recently become away of the jung personality types and thought it might be worth asking because we seem to go about our work in completely ... i have to admit , i've never asked her . once i confronted her , in the most non-confrontational way i could , about a passive agressive email she sent around the office criticising something that i ... i find it interesting that you've come to the conclusion that it's entirely my fault . i have a couple of questions : a ) how does saying pleased to meet you and congratulations on your ... i do much the same thing that shadowplay does . i withdraw , think about it , then think about why it's happened . what are their motivations or intentions ? am i overreacting or is there a good ... i'm an infj and i have worked with a girl who i suspect is an istj for several years . since i arrived she seemed to take an instant disliking to me , despite the fact that i came in to the workplace ... i imagine this is what people are thinking of me at work ( correction : i know this is what they are thinking of me , lol ): why doesn't ariadne have lunch with us and join in the office gossip ? ... this made me and my entj boyfriend burst out laughing . he'd love to do this to me but he wouldn't dare ! thanks for that gildar , no hard feelings : happy : as i alluded to a few pages back , i actually wanted to like pot . i'm a fan of anything used for relaxation as i can be a stress-head , and people ... i studied science and did some psychology . it was too wishy-washy for me after doing straight science , but maybe it was just my professors . they were pretty lazy . i like the idea of pschology , ... i hate what most of you guys hate - lying , unethical behaviour , hypocrisy , rudeness , ignorance , cruelty . what i hate even more than witnessing the above is being accused of actually doing the ... i haven't outright denied it's use i love the panda ! i saw this a few weeks ago on the gruen transfer ( aussie show about advertising if you're not from here ) . they're all hilarious , i died laughing when i saw it . i like wit and ... i really don't think you can make those judgements without being a qualified psychologist and / or doctor and a specialist in the area . there's a plethora of literature on the link between psychotic ... i'm going to have to say something here . i think what you are doing is irresponsible . when i was 14 years old , we knew a family who had a son a few years older than me . they helped us move house ... no way . i'm a perfectionist and i'm far too emotionally demanding in relationships . i expect a lot from people and i don't think that i would measure up to my own standards ! i have better luck dating ... errr ... thanks ? : laughing : for me , i feel the emotions as if they were my own . if someone is afraid , i feel crippling fear and i have the fight or flight response in myself . you get better at spotting it though , it's hard to ... you and me both . but i have to say this is my favourite : girl 1 : i am so fat ! girl 2 : no you're not you're skinny ! i'm fat ! p . s . i missed you out on the thanks there , sorry ! i'm not anti drugs , but they are anti me . i've tried marijuana but i can't even get high before i vomit . it's just not worth it . i used to drink socially but it's the same with alcohol now , two ... ^ no , but there is a genetic component to personality . edited to add - interestingly enough your description of yourself could easily be a description of me ! i didn't mean to drag the thread off topic so i'll keep this short . thanks for clearing that up ( and ertertwert ) . the compliment thing was one thing he was talking about - girls will falsely put ... i've only met one but i'm very close to him . he's determined , passionate , and driven . he likes a clean house , dressed impeccably , and has a strong presence . he's very logical and likes to debate ... hello ! i can relate to that feeling of a weight being lifted from you . i only found my type and this forum last week ! after i read the description of infj i thought great , i can finally stop ... is it ? : confused : i'm not sure if you're implying that the fact i already think girls exhibit nasty behaviour is the reason they don't like me , or because i consider myself friendly and girls do ... i hang out in cafes , bookshops , music shops ... i also love the outdoors so you'll often find me at the beach or in a park reading a book . i also used to love clubbing in my younger days ( i'm 27 ... very interesting thread ! i grew up as a bit of a tomboy as well , but i think i'm very girly now . during my late teens - early twenties my girliness came out in full force . i enjoy having a man ... there is nothing wrong with your presentation style , from your account you give good presentations and don't need to change anything . if people enjoyed it and told you so , you have nothing to worry ... wow that link that was posted with all the infjs is bizarre , they all have the same stare ! i think i have the infj stare too . most people comment on my eyes , i've heard everything from ... yep , i totally agree . i rehash things all the time , thinking what i could have done and said differently . if you keep doing it you'll destroy yourself . chin up and soldier on . oh , and as ... my boyfriend is an entj ... i love that he can immediately pick apart any of my worries and apply logic to the situation . i think we respond well to logic when we become overwhelmed by our emotions ... the personality junkie description is 100 % me through and through . the link to infj careers is spookily accurate too ! i'm not sure as i'm new to this as well ( so i guess the question wasn't really aimed at me ) . i just thought i'd put in my thoughts - i think it's likely we probably do struggle with mental health ... ^ you are exactly right . he isn't arguing it's just what it looks like , but there is no malicious intent . the other thing that annoys me is the perpetual neatness and tidying ! i guess i'm just a ... my boyfriend is an entj , we were sharing a house before we got together so there was a lot on the line . i knew he liked me , he made it pretty obvious like others have said . he was attentive , and ... yes i'm an empath too ! i have been this way for as long as i remember . i had no idea what to do with it as a child , and as a teenager it got worse . now i have built some walls so it doesn't bother ... thanks everyone ! i am the infj girl who ... ... is constantly second-guessing myself ... is never sure if i have a right to feel a certain way ... comes across as a bit cool in social situations , i wish i could be ... i don't like it either . i think because i know i'm smart and i don't want others to feel bad or inadequate . i believe everyone has something to contribute and in my opinion there is often too much ... my boyfriend is an entj and i was going to come in here and post that he's argumentative - only to find you lot all arguing with each other ! : laughing : i love him to bits , the intellectually ... oh i loved that movie . what about donnie darko ? that movie haunts me . i used to be great with money , i'm from a poor family . then i started earning my own and i became bad with money , as i'd make impulse purchases all the time . now i've reigned it in a bit , and i ... '