' there is no spoon . :) i'll be pre-med next year . cool ideas i have include incorporating natural nutritional / herbal therapies , quantum physics , spirituality , and self-sufficiency into a treatment plan for my patients . i ... when you're kinda hurting on the inside and come up with the idea to use this forum seeking reassurance and you just .. don't . v_v ; plymouth , new hampshire . so .. ? you have to be direct with people if you want to learn more about them or why they're acting the way they're acting . did you try asking why she's so short with you and not others ? melaniem i'm opposed to abortion . you're killing a fellow member of your species . whether there are humans having bad experiences in the world before the unborn human is irrelevant . if you opt for ... i know exactly how you feel . hang in there . love . why ? <3 i know exactly how you feel . unfortunately for our country , if we don't get someone in office that's going to abolish the fed we're going to have a full economic collapse . that's a straight up ... intuition is almost never wrong . logically speaking , it's best to follow your intuition . anyone not using it is throwing darts in the dark . - wave - herro . - disease and health problems in general are mainly caused by diet . some conditions are a result of one's genetic susceptibility . - you can actually recover from most autoimmune conditions , ... anger over sadness . but more than both of them , i'd say disappointed and not necessarily with myself . it doesn't . why so much hate ? D: definitely doesn't apply to me . it'd be cool to kind of compare infjs with other infjs and see where we differ . that'd be a cool thread . indeed . that's unfortunate . we should all feel blessed to have the opportunity to exist and make the best of what we can . i know i do . life is a game . don't sit around and sulk . get up and start living ! life ... depression is universal . many factors can cause one to feel that way . anyone brain-train on lumosity ? : o envision meeting the person you desire along with the qualities you want them to have . nurture these desires everyday and be patient , and they will show up out of no where . :) it might be just you brotha , hahaha . 99490 does anyone else feel really dirty when they take selfies ? i do . D: greetings master . not a problem moon . it happens . wow . such warm welcomes . thanks for being so friendly everyone . i'm glad to be here and have the chance to interact with all of you . <3 @ disguise : a lot of the material i focus on academically ... thanks . :) nice to meet'cha psykt . i'm matt . yeah . it'd be nice if it was in a less douchey manner though . you're not doing a very good job representing the community as the first member to interact with me . it's funny because i was thinking the very same thing as soon as i was brought to the introduce ... thanks mr . cafebot . :P - if you live in the present , you spend no energy analyzing the past or thinking about the future . every second of your life you live is never yesterday or tomorrow . it's always now . when you live in ... hello to everyone reading this thread . i figured it'd be a good idea to join this website as it is relatively active compared to others like it and see if i could connect with someone . depending on ... '