' i've paid off my hundred dollar batarang edition . ever since dark knight , it's been batman again for me . the game practically plays itself , you press a button and batman throws his foot through some ... that's arguable , but really one hit wonder or not the guy revitalized cartooning in the 90 ' s , is still working , and has decades worth of cartoon knowledge under his belt . ren and stimpy was a good ... john k stuff : the rise and fall of construction in cartoons pt 1 - principles discovered john k stuff : the rise and fall of construction in cartoons pt 2 - 1940s - honing the same principles , ... oh it's not like i found it on the ground . > : u and yes , i want some too i found them - very - good ! here wolfstar , i'm sorry , have my reuben . : 3 * wipes off his chin * i see a discrepency . she drove , but i ran full sprint beside the car . otherwise , true story . i'm so hardcore i don't even care if they were on the ground , i once stared at a reuben i had dropped on the sidewalk of an l . a overpass for ten seconds , then picked it up and - rawrf i stole the cookies , ate them , but i had stolen new cookies and put them in the jar before mcgooglian could even look at them ! what can i say , i'm a thief , look at me , why should i excuse myself ? > : 3 waiting on praesaul to get money so we can go out and do stuff with it . i don't think i've ever been driven to scream out ' holy shit ' during the events of a movie in a theatre , out loud , and at volume before . the climax is probably one of my favorites in all of film , ... raccoons are pretty cool dudes . some learned behaviours are incredibly hard to drop even well into adulthood . i wouldn't argue that being a brat is a necessarily destructive thing , people who'd do anything to get what they want ... it's not as if she sprouted this behaviour out of nowhere , her parents fostered and reinforced this behaviour , they need a swift kick in the ass more than the girl does . this is easy . angelina jolie looks like an ancient sumarian sex godess . megan fox looks like a really hot chick . and that's specific terminology i'm using there . they're both interesting , ... youtube - its still rock and roll to me billy joel ( w / lyrics ) the themesong for observant schlubs like me . le shok . sebastian tellier . dr.dog . neutral milk hotel . the boards of canada . the spiders . it sucks , but it's cool , because when you're sitting in a room and people who aren't you are pronouncing and speaking words you wrote on paper , putting their mild twists and nuances on characters you ... we share and incredibly long history of jumping out of windows and running full sprint across the yards of complete strangers . one time when i was ditching by myself i climbed out of the window ... really though , yeah . as a writer these books give you some vaugely helpful techniques but when it comes right down to it what's going to help you most is your own personal experience , ... i'm glad to have tapped your nostalgia . let me further refresh your memory : 3 allegro non troppo - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia youtube - jean sibelius valse triste from kuolema for orchestra op 44 warning : this is not for people easily affected by strong imagery or who otherwise do not like seeing extremely depressing ... youtube - johnny cash ( there'll be ) peace in the valley , with lyrics . youtube - peter bjorn and john's roll the credits oddly appropriate title . dustin diamond needs to be murdered in front of his children . i'm sorry , but i really just hate that guy . leave the questions alone ! the more left unanswered the more blanks you need to personally fill in ! district 9 is the best movie i've seen this year , one of the best films i've seen since ... fist of the north star is the best thing to come out of asia since sonny chiba in the street fighter and the story of ricky . the part of bloodmoon where you help build ravenrock was great , why doesn't bethesda do stuff like that anymore in their massive games ? by the way - - - platoon , * thumbs up * or wait until either me or joker comes over . then go somewhere , most probably 7-11 , maybe deviate from the path for the sake of our own entertainment then play the latest game on either your xbox , or ... youtube - serge gainsbourg je suis venu te dire youtube - the beatles - michelle ( with lyrics ) youtube - yeah yeah yeahs - porcelain youtube - tell laura i love her - ray paterson w / lyrics ... as cool as it looked vivec was absolute hell to navigate . the dwemmer ruins were absolutely fantastic to look at , though , and explore too most of the time . the telvanni towers were pretty cool ... it's a floating mans head wearing a pimp hat . what is not divine about this image . it makes me giggle everytime i see it , no mentality behind it it just brings me joy to look at . i felt this might as well be a good place to share a story that happened to a friend of mine , an ex marine turned banker who'm i still spend allot of time with , he had been , of course as is natural ... stop what i'm doing . go outside , walk to the store and buy some ciggarettes and a sandwhich , walk to the park and sit , smoke the ciggarettes and people watch until the sun gets too hot and the people ... i was neither bully or bullee . i made friends with both popular kids and absolute rejects , everybody has a story , it pays to be flexible . to have strong friends in low places and powerful friends ... a good song for the beginning of something . well the way you make it sound , you're not being yourself , but you're trying to be what other people tell you you should be , or alternatively , you're taking advice too literally , and seeking it out ... enfj's wear funny hats and love to compromise themselves for the sake of others , go for us . though , not me , i'm a male . more power to you , however , in your affairs . more power to anyone actively ... i believe it's best to stay out of other peoples affairs . people will be people , overtime their flaws will intluence their actions and they will position themselves at a point where they will be ... i dunno ismael , how badly do you think i like ciggarettes ? once you answer that question , i believe we'll be ready to go into the stratosphere of our friendship . oh and chewed food , the topic , ... and why ! ? it's - my - food i paid for it , if i want to eat it or toss it out of a moving car at a pedestrian i believe that's my ( and in the latter case , our ) ) business ! i can eat hot-dogs and drink soda , i just realize i'm eating boiled packet meat on tasteless wheat clusters and drinking a black chemical cocktail that burns through my organs . i'm honestly fine ... bring it punk then again have you ever questioned some foods we regard as delicious as being completely abhorently ugly ? sausage , for instance brings to mind many splendid summer mornings back at home with ... you likin that japanimation , huh ! ? huh ! ? ! ? you suck . you should be glad i even bothered copying you in the first place , otaku . hey , i'm wilco . my real name is anthony , or tony preferrably , as i like to wear a pompadour . i like simple things , small things that people can share between each other on a universal scale , ... my brother said once that i looked like the inbetween from johnny depp and christopher walken . though a few people at this theatre community i go to regularly often say i remind them of a young ... b . c . made worse by actually seeing it in a theatre . i don't have to say anything more , just watch that movie . '