stop . just ... stop . it's not even that one dimensional ... any kind of relationship can work if the two parties are willing to work on their flaws ; do not look for a personality theory to gauge ... time to make a decision . whether it will hurt or not , i'll see eventually . when you keep it real , focus on things that benefit you , all the facade that is things that you thought that matter start disappearing . one by one . weird it is , how things we put so much effort into , ... as lonesome as it feels , and as stressful as it can be , all this hard work i'm putting makes me feel alive . gotta keep it up . yeah . i think i just broke myself . heh .. dont drink to forget about drinking . that's not how it works . / rant seems that day by day , parts of my better side die bit by bit . maybe it's for the better . who knows , by this point ? see the title is really funny , because op was mistyped . and honestly , what's with the ego-stroke people get from their ' type ' ? i honestly question how many enfjs we actually have in here . not only ... well , you're tiny enough for me to pick you up . literally . <3 glad it was a good pick-me-up , though . * hugs again , tightly * i'm starting to wonder if i could get what i want to get you before you die on me . work , work , work ... * sigh * * goes back to studying * * tightly hugs a little bit of cheeze * because you deserve one : kitteh : for one : another one : just when i met a friend again , i screwed up and acted like a douche bag . i didn't mean it , and i would never do that intentionally . let's hope i get to apologize soon ~ internal distress really sucks . the fate is to do it , whether you are wide awake or tired as fuck , so carry the fuck on . see , this is an issue i've had with the infj section for quite a while . the fact that if you are mistyped , you're not as welcome , and you don't get as much hospitality . this section is much more of a ... here's the thing , though .. i'm stripped of choice . even if i don't want to pursue it , i have no choice but to not pursue it anyway . everything that i have at the moment stems out of fear . i have no ... meh ... sometimes , i wonder if i will ever receive happiness .. honestly , i'm just too exhausted .. too many possibilities . perhaps , too many negative possibilities , and every single one of them could ... hello ^ __ ^ i've been meaning to ask , how do you guys develop / have developed your inferior ti ? the inferior is critically dangerous , so you need to control it so that it doesn't control you , so i ... sanity's slowly fading . hopefully for the better . dat riverside :p roud : yep . i pretty much decided i'm ignoring my conscience for the foreseeable future . all i pray for is that it doesn't come back to bite me in the ass . at least , not that hard . i don't cry easily . i find myself not crying at all , even at moments where i should be crying . rather annoying sometimes , but yeah . it is how it is . positive vent : sore from working out .. shoulders , arms , neck and legs are sore like hell , but feeling glorious that i'm doing something for myself :D dear fe , i hate you . i hate your sympathy . i hate your caring . i hate everything you represent . i can't even get me some sleep thanks to you driving me to consider people . i hate everything that ... i'd probably be somewhere , helping the wounded from both sides . my hands reach out to yours , but you're not there ... you make me literally beg my eyes to cry , but i can't cry .. not that i don't want to cry , but i literally can't cry ... for some reason ^ _ ^ i ... i do have friends , and that's my source of pain . :( sadly .. too much lack of consistency , and i'm the only one who tries to bridge between me and them .. like , it's not only one person . almost ... maybe after all , i am destined not to find everlasting friendships ... better get used to my old ways of not befriending no one ... positive vent : i fuckin did it fuck yeah ! ! ! positive vent : exams start tomorrow ... but i'm not really afraid :D better keep it up :) sometimes , i wish you weren't related to me , so then i can slap the shit outta you . intense flashbacks and memories of who i was .. why ? ? ? i hated , and still hate ... no , i despise who i was , why is it coming back ? - ___ - i don't want to see that ever again . i already wronged too many ... time to study . better kick some ass or i'm fucked ! i don't know what's going on on my mind right now , so i apologize if this doesn't make sense . i hate myself when i can't help the ones i love .. i just despise myself . and i have been a ... extroversion | 40 % orderliness | | 54 % infj : prog metal prog rock melodeath metal death metal thrash metal nu metal rock hard rock jazz gonna start watching this tomorrow . so excited ! :D been a while since i watched a thriller , so hopefully this one lives to the hype : 3 - hunter x hunter - fate / zero ( can be a little bit depressing , though . but the story's strong ! ) - fullmetal alchemist and fullmetal alchemist brotherhood - magi : the labyrinth of magic these are ... you're welcome * huggles all intjs here * intjs ... why are you guys so adorable ? <3 33 credits for seranova go the f * * k to sleep : adam mansbach , ricardo cortés : 9781617750 250 : amazon.com : books o . o  20/19 years old , depending on what calendar you're using :P . my mental age definitely is that of a child's , almost all the time unless i'm stressed , if i am , it'd probably shift into the 30-50 slammed that quiz like a boss this is one of the times where i can only feel disappointed with myself . i wonder how i'll look in the mirror without having the urge to punch it . but what makes it worse is that i can't even redeem ... dear life , i'll play along with you for now , so be nice , will ya ? i know you will ;) best regards