' i thinks it's likely to be true , or close to it . if you take in account the irreducible complexity systems it's the only solution to the development of them . ps : just to provoke you guys , do you ... your argument is logically invalid / that logical structure is a fallacy there's this injf friend … i talk about anything with her . i've written 4 fantasy books ( though they are terrible , wrote them when i was 12-14 years old ) . currently thinking of one book ( i should not type them yet , both because i need more information ... 17 and have finished high school . going to college next year . i can help you with more one thing … stop looking for an objective meaning . what is the definition of truth ? ( logical validity ) if you narrow down this definition , you'll reach a point where you ... why does it must have a meaning or a point ? life is awesome , but , before all , beautiful , extremely beautiful . the meaning of life may be give it a meaning , maybe it is to answer the most ... 1 - remember the feeling of love now try to explain it with words for a person who never felt it . 2 - imagine the following situation : someone gives you a math problem you know how to answer , but ... yes , people change . if your core has changed , you are no longer the one you used to be , therefore the new you never murdered anyone . no i can speak only for myself , with that in mindx 85 you should askx 85 but , here there are somethings you should know some scenarios 1 - he does not know mbti : 1.1- he does not like you romantically : ... well , first thanks . this post will be divided into 2 parts , first part is the i ching interpretation . second part is my brain working trying to deconstruct your argument and showing you more about ... hello ! i've already posted something here , but a lot changed from that time and i didn't really gave a title for my post so i'm going to start all over again . i will try to be as short as i can ... where are you from ? usually not . but i wish . i am a student , if i don't sleep enough i can't learn anything ( actually , i can . i just can't remember it in long term memory ) . do you mean exfj only or exfp too ? hello guys ! i was looking for some jokes around the internet and i came around this one ( not really a joke ): sustained eye contact for more than 3 seconds can mean two things : a strong desire for ... infp are fine . ( my best friend is ixfp , probably n ) esfj ( hardest one ) estj ( second most hard ) sjs and fe-dom / aux are hard to deal with in general , but xstj with very strong s can be harder to ... no , it can be a pure emotional connection . it doesn't have to include sex but our brain is programmed to reproduce , so probably it will occur . do you mean following all the social ritus expected of dating ? it is not a story ( ok , it might be ) . and i'm not sure if it should be posted here or on the ask an enfj thread . what signs enfj's send when they like someone ? i'm male and i like ( lets use this ... i know i'm an intj and i should be answering , but : 1 - how do you know when you are in love ? 2 - how do you differentiate close friendship from dating / romance ? ( i'm not asking about actions , i'm ... thank you . but one question : what is negativity or insult for you ? i tend to be very critic and severe in my argumentation , but i only focus on the object of the discussion , i neglect that i'm ... i can only answer for me : do you find disrespectful or do you feel bad discussing social ritus ( if someone says it flaws and give suggestion of how things should be ) ? do you find it disrespectful or do you feel bad ... [ offtopic ] darki , interesting … i have some questions and answers : 1 - i feel relieved after making the decision ; 2 - i love debate ( i think i already have answered this in the previous post , but ... i didn't felt pushed for discussing my type ( i really like discussing it ) . i love when people say something that disagree then i can exercise my brain : wink : back to the topic ( starting the theory ): ... thanks guys ! draki : i have an extremely high preference for intuition , so this is the reason i think i jump from one idea to another . i'm not a native speaker ( actually , a have never been to a ... thanks for the coments . i'm thinking about creating a poll about this , any suggestions ? the conscious functions of the enfj are fe-ni-se-ti , what function would be responsible for formula ... i'd say the way they are today or their original way both are terrible . however , i love a debate : i'll say capitalism because it mimics the natural world : adapt or die ; the strongest will survive ... when people start talking about boring / mundane stuff and you stop listening and pay attention to their body language or say to yourself : he / she is a sensor it will end soon ( or it is just me ? ) ... hello guys ! the title says almost everything , but i'll detail it later on the text . the 2 following paragraphs says how i got these idea ( it is important to the understanding of my hypothesis ): ... '