' i like all kinds . i would encourage anyone to watch the documentary exit through the gift shop it really makes you think about what art is and how people decide which art matters it's very thought ... everybody hurts rem its so depressing especially if your feeling down . i would never strike a child . i want my child to learn how to grow and evolve , not to learn to submit to my personal view . discipline is necessary when raising a child , but it should be well thought ... i don't hate anyone , but i will say about sensors that i don't get energized by small talk or predictability . i think that in most cases they are friendly and amicable , however i tend to be drawn to ... omg i love you guys . i've been in love with two in my life and friends with many . we seem to find one another . i've recently split up with my wife who is enfj we were together 10 years and i loved ... i'm sure most people have seen this but if you haven't it is sweet . i would love to meet this guy . he's been arrested and elects to sing bohemian rhapsody in the back ... i'm sun in leo moon in gemini and aquarius rising . my mom is very into astrology so i know . i think it is completely bogus . i've really been loving this song lately . my dad and mom are both entp and i'm intj . entps are very unconventional types and this can make them more unpredictable . with strategy games some peoples strategies are very easy to read through ... i would say that there are many forms of intelligence . i think of people with aspergers disease , they have photographic memories and can have total recall about things no normal person could ever ... i don't know how much we are alike , but my best longest running friendship is with an infj . he is sort of a moral compass for me . he also always gets where i'm coming from without any effort on my ... i think it is an n thing in general , however i think that nfps in general have very strong intuitive abilities with people . i being intj see the patterns i just don't necessarily share your empathy ... i usually do great on tests for whatever reason , especially math and word association . i used to have a roommate who was a loud mouth prick ... i hated this guy , and i rarely say i hate someone . he had ... the key to depression recovery is to start with a few small goals and slowly build from there.draw upon whatever resources you have . you may not have much energy , but you probably have enough to take ... i have noticed that sometimes when the going gets tough you guys get going . meaning you tend to shy away from stressful situations . i once heard someone say that you are never closer to success than ... i love the types that i love , but around certain types i just pretend to feel the way they expect so as not to ruffle their feathers . i find that people really project identities onto me without ... both of my parents are entps they are really cool people . they are open minded and very charming . they can talk to anyone about anything . people really like them and they are real nonconformist ... i sometimes feel this is an issue between men and women in general . men love to solve problems while women love to be understood and validated when it comes to their feelings and problems . i know ... yea i thought of jimmy from seinfeld too . i don't really do that . i have been known to talk to myself out loud in a way that others find hilarious sometimes . i will be in the shower talking away ... you two are going to have some mental and emotional attraction which you should probably explore . she sounds like she's into you . but she may really be into her boyfriend . my ex-wife is enfj they are ... both of my parents are entp and i believe they are both cool people for sure . i can't imagine either of them being masochist i think they would definitely lean in the other direction of sadist . i have had many enfp friends and i love them they make life interesting . if everyone was like me the world would be exceptionally boring . i have noticed that some enfps can either knowingly or ... i find louis ck to be almost like a narrator of my thoughts . he is hilarious . i also like bill burr , george carlin , arge barker and ellen degeneres . i of course don't know you so maybe you are the shit . however , many of these stupid people have strengths that you may lack and weaknesses that you don't lack . being intj i do get the basics of ... i have an overwhelming attraction to enfps but it seems like a strange thing because of our differences . i always wonder how i could possibly keep up with them . it's a compelling attraction though ... for me there is a point when there isn't anything left worth salvaging in a relationship . i was married for 8 years we split up for 2 then got back together for a year and 1/2 . getting back together ... i can get emotional just like anyone else i'm not a robot . i am definitely reserved with who i share it with . it's usually the issue of relationships that gets me emotional . i have dated many people ... you enfjs are sweet caring types but boy you can get pretty pissy at times no offense . we all can be but you guys share it immediately and don't hold back ... like now i know i'm gonna get it ! ! thats all fine and good but who are you and why are you taking flowers from my garden ? i haven't met many other intjs , knowingly at least . the ones i did meet weren't really ringing my bells . i think my type is a challenging type for a lot of folks even i find my type a bit odd when i ... i'd say that you are blessed and cursed . loved and underappreciated . overlooked at times until you subtly shift someones life in some way so big that the person looks back and wonders wtf just ... i believe that the universe doesn't care and randomness exists because it is unbiased . the fundamental truth to me is that if you don't set goals or paths to change you can never achieve any goals ... i'm an intj and i feel healed and inspired by enfps infps as well but what do nfps get out of it ? i believe it is metaphysical and obtainable truth . the brain is fertile ground where you plant seeds and nurture them they will grow . you set goals and achieve those goals through believe and ... when i was a kid we moved around a lot . i was already so shy to begin with so it was challenging . to make things even worse / lonelier i was an only child . i always felt like an outcast or an alien . i ... omfg she is so stupid it is just amazing i get annoyed by extroverts who say i'm not listening when all i do is listen to them like a 4 to 1 ratio . i also hate when someone asks me a question and mid way though my answer they interrupt me ... your socks rarely match , top 40 usually makes you cringe , you never notice someone crushing on you , you dream of talking to ira glass , shock radio makes you want to kill yourself ... i believe that any time you get involved with anyone else regardless of type you are going to have to make sacrifices . i also think those sacrifices really help you grow . it's good to be yourself but ... i don't know the order but i would like to state that i feel that the rational of ts is offset by the fact that our actual logic sometimes makes us less logical in some cases . i for instance ... the jews knew about 911 but it was in their interest not to stop it because of their fundamental agenda with muslim extremist it was best for them not to blow the whistle . now that this has happened ... i can really relate to what your saying . ns to me are so much more engaging for me personally . i have nothing against ss but they just don't move me the way an n personality can . i would do what you ... i feel like you are probably intp . it's hard to know for sure without knowing you , but you've given enough that i feel like this is probably it . i recommend taking a few tests online a number of ... nfs are really sweet and gifted people . they have such comforting traits . the world would be a boring world without them . i have found so much inspiration in my personal life from nfs they push me to ... i'm an intj and wondered when i saw he was intj . he seems a bit to silly , but he still has a humor that is goofy in a way that is methodical and very intentionally goofy . he also is intensely focused ... that i'm an endless project . if i were an home i'd be a handyman's dream ! i'm not sure what increases my awareness of my intuition exactly . it's more sporadic . i do know i've lost big not trusting my gut at times then hind sight is 20/20 and when i lose in those moments it ... i use pandora station the xx and edward sharp and it seems to play a lot that i like . i like all types of music but thats been my go to lately . i'm really into this song lately from the band i monster called daydream in blue well that would suck . i don't really know what it would be like i've been in a messed up situation for so long i just want some type of change . maybe i need someone less sensitive like a t , but i ... '