' hey . i don't know . it had better hurry up , get out of my way . burrrp ! ! it's zero percent full , gimme a refill . sounds similiar to myself ( especially the around friends part ) , i am definitely istp . they are all variations of the real you . i wouldn't say walking contradiction , just , you're a complex person who ... not quite . for me boredom or stagnation ( pretty much being deprived of se for too long ) leads to depression , which makes me very impulsive ( as a last resort to fix the problem ) . then if i can't act ... 1 . shared interests . 2 . gain my curiousity / intrigue , i like interesting people . 3 . people who can match me , and accept me as me . it's not my issue if they can't . 4 . anything involving fun . 5 ... i've always been introverted , only recently i've become more ambiverted . i can look very extraverted , but definitely my energy comes from within . i know for certain i am not estp , i've only had ... to deal with my lack of discipline , i don't comtemplate i just take action . just do it ! get it done , out of the way so i can go back to having fun . eh , i have too many of those moments . then afterwards i reflect and go , damn , i should've said this instead of that . causes miscomunication usually ... then i can't get it off my mind , then next ... very , very interesting . ^ _ ^ i am undeniably homoromantic homosexual . mid high school i thought i were heteroromantic bisexual , but i was just unaware , perhaps in denial ( because i was raised to be ... hahaha yep . i just get so passionate , and i can't shut my mind off . i begin thinking about everything to the point i even have insomnia . when emotions are involved i also become super moody . like ... ever since i graduated hs back in 2010 , i've been having recurring dreams / nightmares relating to school . next month i will finally be back in school , and i'm estatic , as happy as can be . to be back ... that was fun , i enjoyed your questionairre . back , posting in here again . came across an eq test online , and surprisingly i score above average for emotional intelligence . i guess , i'm just not too confident when dealing with certain emotions , ... sorry , i laughed . hm ... from my perspective , it takes patience and persistance to get close to me . i'm constantly observing , taking mental notes , never initiating social exchanges . just be your ... hahaha if i felt like it would be fun , why not ? with my main friends , i could expect a constant stream of laugher . if someone pisses me off , i'll either begin to completely ignore the person , or i'll confront him ( doesn't need to come to blows ) . i have great control emotionally , the last time i got angry was back ... i love math , it's always came easy to me . show me how to do it , and i can learn it . is it boring though ? yes . when combined with science , nope . nowadays if i were to work with math in a career , it ... - great music will make me cry ! tears of absolute bliss / euphoria / reverence ( alone , in secret ) - i cried when i first heard bohemian rhapsody by queen a few years ago . fantastic song , i have great ... i have an official asperger's diagnosis , and i am most certainly istp . my medical records reveal , i was given a diagnosis of asperger's syndrome and developmental language disorder - expressive ... i have somewhat a social anxiety . sometimes i just become super nervous . it's not because i care what people think , or that i'm scared or anything . it just happens , when there are too many ... i go for looks good on me , comfort , and i keep it extremely casual / simple . blank t-shirts of various color , shorts to match . various colored jeans for colder weather . if it's bright outside , i wear ... when i was kid i ... didn't talk . i most definitely talk now lol . also , i was obsessed with memorizing facts ( astronomy especially ) . i still love astronomy , and could be a happy astronomer if i ... i apologize , i'm not entp but i'm gonna post here anyways ^ _ ^ i think my emotional intelligence is average at best . what i want to believe is that most people are translucent to me , that i can ... ah , beautifully explained . i'm not completely familiar with the cognitive functions just yet , but i think i go through a similiar process when forming connections with people . to put try to put it ... oh , wow . this is extremely helpful , i agree with everything said , and i've learned a few more things about myself as well . hey , if you feel like addressing the keeping the trust part , then i say go ... oh wow , you've pinpointed the exact problem / reason ( plus a real world solution ) and i absolutely agree . now i am actually aware of what causes the misunderstanding , and what i need to do to prevent ... that will probably be my solution as well , effortlessly freeing myself from the conflict by breaking off all contact . it really is that easy lol . i definitely relate , and yes , i do wonder how i come across to people , but i'll never ask . knowing won't change anything , i think ... i would probably just take it as a negative reaction to what i ... i completely relate , but being able to sort out my thoughts / words seems to backfire on me more often than not . when people are getting my thoughts in text form , i feel extremely vunerable . a direct ... oh , i completely understand . at this point , i'm just gonna block the guy , i don't tolerate disloyalty . you're right , it's best i develop friendships with people offline . ever since i graduated high ... understood ... i'll try not to let it translate into my interactions with people in the real world . i've always had difficulty trusting people though , not because my trust has ever been betrayed or ... i relate completely . eh , my worst cognitive function > _ < elsewhere i've scored average on fi ( second lowest ) , always super low on fe . i thought me and him were friends ( been talkin to him for 2 months ) , cool guy ( it's easy for me to get to know people ) , we have many mutual interests , i'm starting to view him as fake though ... i ... ah ! you're totally right . guess i wish i could connect with people easier , but oh well . there is so much more to enjoy with life . hm ... i say a very recent experience with a particular friend ... i used to think letting people get to know me online would be an easier process than them getting to know me in person , but i've recently realized the contrary . in person i don't talk much , although ... i need to explain pity from my perspective first ... if i can help bring about a solution i will ask questions to get a clear picture of the problem then take action to fix the problem ; if i can do ... * laughing * alot of things , physically and mentally . but this is not the place for me to talk about such things , i'll hold my silence . * laughing * 6w5 , 9w8 , 3w2 i am the ... mediator . ugh , makes me think of family reunions / gatherings . i hate those , period . what an absolute nightmare for myself , i get anxious just thinking about it . - i also have extremely quick reflexes - to get to sleep , i must be in darkness , with a floor fan blowing on my face / head ( the sound is soothing ) . i cannot sleep , in heat , with lights on , or to ... hm , i don't associate with cliques . i get along with most peope and i have a large variety of interests . i'm just a lone wolf that goes wherever i please . ... some random thoughts . - just a week ago i finally decided my next move to progress with life . took me about 3 years of procrastinating , being indecisive , looking at multiple options , etc . i ... hm ... nope . i don't bother folks with my problems . they're all fixable anyways , and i know their solutions . never do i have trouble accepting people despite their differences . i totally agree it strikes up my curiousity , makes that person much more interesting . in that situation ... i don't quite know ... let's see if posting an image will work ... alright ... image is a little big , but that's me about a week ago ... yeah ... a few years back i went to six flags with my besty and a few of his friends . he went off to get food , i went off with 2 of the girls to try that new sky screamer ride . i felt extremely ... i've actually considered being a cop ... until i realized i can't stand cops . since i like computers , i vote forensics ( eventhough , it sounds super boring ) hey , everyone ! ... my introduction ends there . '