' 1 ) what is your mbti type ? istj 2 ) what is your gender ? male 3 ) what type ( s ) do you admire / respect the most ? ( why ? ) the only intj female i ever met probably said a total of five words to me , and three of them i think were hi out of obligation , so i am as puzzled as you are . my dad is an intj as well and we bash ... seriously dude , it's like you typed in istj weaknesses on google and copied the first bullet point you saw . i knew you were lazy , but come on ... with the amount of time you spend trying to make friends without social interaction on this forum , i would think that you could figure out the difference between brother e and i by now . i'm a psych major going into my junior year of college and am starting to wonder wether or not i'm on the right path , as most of my strengths seem to not align with my academic interests . i love ... istj can be boring and routine . [ / quote ] you know for somebody who is supposed to be all about originality and upsetting others for fun , that dis accomplished neither ... seeing as though you never leave the house and the bottles of scotch are piling up in the trash , i assume the novel not so loosely based on yourself isn't going so well ? well i'm sure the book will ... exfj's for their ( usually ) genuine love for people while still being fairly easy to reason with . way to be original with that one . or anything ... ever . yolo . xxfp's are who i would envision wanting tattoos . as for least likely to get tattoos , probably xstj's . i'm not a fan , personally . sure we're not exactly the most loved but let's be honest , sj's are natural born parents . we're hated parents because we do what needs to be done , regardless of what the kid might think . the kids ... i mean personally there are times when i'm impulsive , but it is very rare and is definitely not a common istj trait . istj's are one of the most plan oriented types out there , so ( usually ) no ... coming from an istj who has experiences with estj's , a lot of us tend to come across less understanding and compassionate because we won't tolerate excuses to the extent a lot of other people do ... okay i've known a descent amount of entj's and while they can be very egotistical i would not say they are by any means the meanest type . one of my best friends is an estj , however i think that i'll ... if you don't use your blinker : i will you look for you . i will find you . and i will kill you . ( or just silently judge you while shaking my head ) i'd much rather know exactly what the plan is compared to leaving things open . in my experience , people that like to keep things open tend to not know how to fill their time ( wisely ) and get bored ... i'm surprised that you have internet connection , seeing as though you're probably alone in the middle of the woods hunting badgers for lunch . don't forget to harvest firewood before sundown ! i haven't met another istj or enfp in person . i honestly have no idea what an enfp would look like , i can only compare them to esfp's but i assume they're pretty different . i'm just surrounded by a ... personally i just don't like to be the center of attention , so if somebody congrats me on a good job i thank them but just say it was no big deal because i just feel like i did what i was supposed to ... intj's thinking they're better than all of us sensing types , pshhh . : rolleyes : crushes generally hold unrealistic expectations , therefore i tend to talk myself out of them within a few weeks . feelings for another girl that i will have no future with is only a hinderance . ironic part is i've always wanted to be an estp . i love their competitive nature and drive to do what has never been done before . but then i realized ... i already love being competitive whether it's ... okay i've gone through a lot of threads since starting an account on perc a few weeks ago , and a common theme seems to be that not a lot of people here like esfj's or estj's . although i can see how ... this is why f's don't belong on this thread . i respect my estj friend for his commitment , loyalty , and drive , however he can go from being your best friend to a demeaning bully in an instant . mad men . i'm not huge follower of the show , however it has suits , scotch , and sophistication . gotta love it . i can't count how many times i watched this video the first day i found this . i find it funny that entp's make up most of this thread because trolling people is like crack for them . i have loyalty . it's when you stick by those you care about through anything because they mean something to you . not because they can buy you mcdonalds due to you being broke and jobless . i think you need to read up on the istj . a soap opera requires drama . we don't do drama . i'm surprised you know anything about an istj to be honest , seeing as though you had to have actually taken ... your life is one big joke . kramer understands my relationship with my entp friend . you'd love that invention , wouldn't you ? i'm sorry , but this isn't inception . nobody cares about what goes on inside your head . i'm sure the excuse of i have the information in my head goes over very well with your teachers / professors / ... obviously you didn't build it yourself , because that too requires hard work and is dependent on completion , so did you get an istp to do that for you , or ... ? without your ability to seduce people into doing whatever you want them to do for you , i'm pretty sure your kind would die out within a few days . most people typically have to get out of bed to get ... no i just figure you'll back out of this criticism war pretty soon since you have the attention span of a goldfish and haven't finished anything today other than your tv dinners . istj's are too easy to insult , that's why ... edit : ( to esfp ) don't you have some alcohol to binge ? if only you could use logic in some of your ridiculous ideas . elistra mind of an entj : only because it's in my blood to stand up for my people . or anybody that isn't nt in this case ... so get comfortable in your bed intp , this is gonna be a long list of criticism . although i'm sure you ... nt's are blowing up this thread , i feel like i need to stand my ground until at least an s or an f come in ... ya and who do you think will run said numbers ? probably gonna be an istj , hate to break it you . i give up , this thread is moving too quickly . i have some clothes to organize . nice save deleting your you guys aren't very cool criticism of me ;) . and intp , at least i got tired achieving meaningful tasks and not wearing myself out debating in my head which star trek ... i'm offended that you think we would cry . i guess you're just that used to making people cry , entj . ( and entp ... you guys aren't very trustworthy . ) i can't even hit post in time before 3 people criticize the same type :d ry : edit : intp , your comic isn't happening . zombie manga romance doesn't appeal to anybody else . sorry i had to ... '