' pfft . you're an enfp . you can't focus long enough to be mad at me : wink : i want her half of saturday ! i need snuggly time on the weekends as well ! ... look ' ho , she's mine ! * gets all up in yo grill * i'll fight'cha for her ! actually , i'm going to have to end this fight . you have one of my favorite lines from le petit prince in your signature ... my dad is an intp . he took the test for himself , and i agree with it wholeheartedly . he's a wonderful human being , and there's no one i respect more than him , but he irritates me to no end 90 % of the ... okay , so one of my best friends ever is an istj . i like him because he's calming and nice and will always be there for me , regardless . i also like him because he's somewhat of a mystery to me , and i ... oh yes ! please do inform us straight up that you want to be more than friends ! i know that i have absolutely no clue when i'm flirting with people . i for one , cannot flirt on purpose . ( some of us ... i absolutely adore intjs . they are calming and wonderfully intelligent individuals . i have yet to meet an unintelligent intj . i love people who can challenge me to think in new ways and can hold an ... i'm pretty much the definition of left . granted , i'm not scary left , like those people who will kill others for political beliefs ( which is silly in my opinion ) , but i'm pretty left . reassurance is the best way . when i'm stressed , i become very very unsure of my abilities , and really , i need reassurance from others that i am really capable of what i'm trying to attempt . just ... i don't really have an issue with those people . it's the extraordinarily serious people i can't stand . why live life if you're going to be boring ? ack ! perhaps this is just my young age speaking , but happily married seems like an oxymoron ! being stuck with someone forever and forever and ever seems so dismal and depressing . we love people . in general , people make us happy . so , because we tend to immerse ourselves in groups and the like , we're constantly surrounded by people in general . also , i've noticed that some of ... gratzi ! :) i've learned so much from you , and you're a wonderful person to have a conversation with :) keep it up ! you'll be beating snail at this rate ... :-P that was extraordinarily well said ! i hate people who criticize my viewpoints on things and tell me i'm wrong . i don't tell people what they believe is wrong , so i expect the same courtesy in return . it's one thing to tell me your ... i'm going to have to try that . i must say , i've never tried that combination of things before , and it sounds entertaining . xd hehe , i completely understand . :) yesterday i felt the same way , and today , i'm back to being my regular self ! precisely ! i am a big fan of studying people and how they react with others anyways , and these things have helped me grow in my study of people and what people's strengths are . well , i can ... i desperately want to focus . it's my main struggle in life . i have so many ideas and can't execute them due to the fact that i can focus . i've thought about doing yoga ... but as with everything , i ... it's completely possible . infp's and enfp's have the potential to be very , very good partners . the only real hurdle would be the fact that she's a bit more subdued . but , i feel that it can be ... oh my jeezus , yes . i absolutely hate waiting . welcome to personality cafe ! :D feel free to drop me a line whenever you wish :D a few days ? not around here ! there's usually always someone on . :D thank you ! it's disneyland at it's finest ! : wink : hey , welcome to the forum ! i love canada ... in the summer ... : laughing : i so don't do the cold . i love how detailed your introduction was . i was totally too lazy to go all out with mine ... pfft . i totally still play pokemon , watch cartoon network and nickelodeon , and i know all of the words to elmo's world the theme song . i totally suffer from peter pan syndrome . i saw the word cuddle . i do believe i must join in : o i adore infp's , you guys make up bunches of my best friends . :D hey ! welcome to the site ! :D kudos for being a rare breed on the site , it's nice to find new people :D learning about the different personality types is really interesting to me too ! i think that ... i love to write . it's a lot of fun . but i refuse to make it ... ritualistic . i hate routine . xd i just write when i feel like it . pfft , you're an enfp . everyone is your favorite type :-P hey ! nice to meet you :D feel free to strike up a convo with me anytime :D ugh , good luck . i hate my family . i went to one when i was little , hated it , and informed my father that i never wanted to see these people again . i would never go to another . ever . i hate my ... that's fantastic ! xd hehe , it was fun . i love free rider . sparkle picnic podcast , wow , you really were bored . xd the majority of my friends are male , so i have a lot of boys in tow ... but as for romantic relationships ... eh . i suppose it depends on the person , but as for me , it seems to be sex . ( i'm also a ... holy bejeebus ... way to go xd i think i'm content . but i'm still utterly confused about issues . so , i don't know if you could call me happy , as i think of happy as carefree and wanting nothing . i want to go to the moon , and maybe live there for a year or two . that would be fantastic ! : laughing : wow , you seem like a very good cook ! and the photos were awesome . do you mind doing a vegetarian one sometime ? :D i'm always looking for new things to cook ! i have ... google : i have no mouth and i must scream yahoo : i have a dream speech google . you are so much better than a jo-bro . i absolutely despise the jonas brothers . this is the only jonas with any talent . hehe , i talk to myself when i'm frustrated . xd it's gotten me some pretty funny looks . :p roud : so this isn't you , harley ? :D i've been told alicia keys .  i just think ... that's horrendous ! it's fortunate no one was hurt . holy bejeebus , you just described how i feel about math ! i'm not the only enfp who doesn't despise numbers ! : crazy : i completely understand . it's not easy caring about people , really it's not . the only way you can really get over this is by practicing ( sounds silly , right ? ) and getting used to sharing your anger ... hmmm . i love hallucinogens ... those are fantastic . then probably alcohol , then caffeine ( that totally counts . i adore caffeine . ) , and then weed . i do that as well . it's creepy . i have a tendency to do it on accident when i'm trying to sleep , and then bam , instant no sleep . i guess it's handy when you don't have caffeine and have a lot of ... there is no never button ! i don't eat pork . meat and i are not friends . oh my goodness , i am a huge adrenaline junkie . i remember being a small child and jumping off of buildings for the fun feeling . i've done really stupid things , like laying in the road and waiting ... '