' goastfarmer , please . thanks . pickpockets not a single cigarette lasted longer than ten minutes , and even that was a generous amount of time . those paper sticks of darkened leaves and chemical cocktails were a fleeting ... if that's what you want ... you are way too demanding ! ! kidding , by the way . i will be serious a little later in day after i have given this some thought . <3 bahhh . kaleidoscope ! i received a notification that you mentioned me in this thread , but i don't see an actual mention anywhere . dx am i going crazy ? ? yeh , i clearly don't have a quiet kind of ... stone 100674 - yeh , so . did you read my initial post in this thread ? about groups and how recognizing or ' segregating ' ( if you rather view it in that odd manner ) groups is not about giving special ... will most certainly end up repeating what others have said , but these are my thoughts to share . i will try to keep them organized . i think this subforum will be useful . at first though , i had a ... amongst the trees , by a waterside ( a lake or a river though preferably a lake with a river coming out of it ) , hopefully a reasonable distance from the mountains and if i can bend reality then a ... i guess i am the only infp who feels like it is viable ? well , i concede it could get messy quite easily . i am also certain that it cannot be sustained for the long-term . however , i have slept with a ... i'd say ixxp . i have seen her go on about how she sees herself as older than she really is . she doesn't like going to parties , acting wild , and prefers to go to bed early . if i could find the ... yeh . it doesn't appear to be happening right now . thanks . i am guessing it hasn't been fixed yet because i just came here to mention the same redirect ad on my iphone as well . dx  1 . spit it into her voicemail , a little slurred and sounding like the shot of whiskey you downed ... i find it a little awkward that the last several posts all have mentions to kaleidoscope in them and i am about to add to the chain , but whatever . it's in the spirits of the feels ... which is a word ... wide taste . random selection . ... yesterday some kid still in high school told me ( a girl almost done with college ) that not telling someone you liked them is a very juvenile , middle school kind of thing to do . i looked at him and ... just simply nifty . however , there will be more to come later . amuse yourself ' til then . propaganda . i loved it , personally . i can understand how it might be bit of an acquired taste , but i certainly find the perception of others as phonies as relatable to my own world view . also , ... the word defensive .  ... okay , i will try to answer more seriously later . comforted . there will be no loose ends . everything will come to a clean close , no matter how i die . i will live and experience life , and then i will die . it makes our seemingly meaningless life ... people have already said it , but i didn't start to feel comfortable with my body until i stopped immediately getting dressed after showering . i would walk around my room naked , getting a feel for how ... i could look into this and i would , but it would yield nothing for me . i don't need to hear the same , old debate raked through the mud again . i don't care for sensationalization or fallacious ... dude . that , despite wallace's protests , was inspirational . he must be a fan of weber with a little existentialism thrown in there for kicks . personally , this is exactly the kind of speech i need to ... when people ask things of me , i feel inclined to give . boss , i am not sure my words can carry any profundity , but here they are ... well if we are going to talk about people who demand respect , ... a lot of my intense low self-worth is also severely affected by these kind of scenarios , though so is my e6 distrust . though , i feel more human ( whereas i normally refer to myself as subhuman ) ... as terrible as this sentiment it , i find myself drawn to it . oh , i have a dark poet inside of me . yet , it also makes neat , little sense to me . our stories are certainly not one in the same , but i ... perfectly imperfect , please . honestandtrue - this is all about honesty , eh ? well , i recognized your name when i saw you mentioned me , but it took me a while to actually place you . we have rarely interacted with each other . in ... i've been lurking in this thread for a while , but holyrockthrower ... not to throw you off , but i am with diphenhydramine here . i totally didn't expect that . you have such a nice , warm voice . this is ... kaleidoscope - i am sx-first and i have no clue how i come off to people , even the ones i am attracted to . in fact , it's worse with them but my paranoia levels tend to spike as an e6 . i am really ... it's alright . it was an odd statement , but i can hold my own . classical music . always appreciated , but i could never just causally listen to it . definitely intellectual there . same goes with jazz ... i was referring to musical artists , but if you don't care for even a subpar conversation then so be it . i could never force someone to sink down to my own level . what kind of people do you normally listen to ? i didn't exactly provide one . i vaguely referenced a collection of ideas i have about art , but i am tempted to see if you wouldn't mind taking ... i think it's arrogant to say music must be marketable and accessible to every audience , self-centered really . this self-indulgent label is the pot calling the kettle black . though , there is a ... in some ways , i really have ... in some ways i assume most of us have . i can be a pretty decent lover . but , on to the op ... actually i have never thought about it before . dx though , i had ... ha . what it's a false niche or not , you should more or less fall into one . well , i think it's true for the average individual , but certainly there are people who are more or less spontaneous ... honestly ? i don't think people revert back to junior high / high school behavior . that's just how people are . if you notice different behavior in college , well that's the anomaly . though , i don't ... this true . i don't know shit about most artists i listen to , but i often find it makes the connection stronger . i don't think i have ever heard someone write off music because it's ... the question is in the title , but let me explain further . while writing is my number one form of creative expression , music is the most important art form in my life such that i am one of those ... am i apt to believe his theory about how things are ? nope . but . am i apt to believe that what we hold as the truth is not so ? sure . reworded : i agree with everything he said until he started ... often i swear the sheets of my bed have never seemed so perfect as they lay shamelessly tossed over my limbs ; one leg playing peekaboo with the other , one arm thrown aside as if welcoming the ... hmm . so , sx is essentially about wanting to give your whole heart to something ? anything ? yeh . that makes sense to me , though a lot of what aconite had written reminded me of what i consider to be ... wittyfool - well , i certainly must give thanks to that wonderful explanation . makes sense to me . however , moniker is a name or a nickname and sometimes a label used to reference something . i was ... alright . i am just going to throw out there that i am very interested in whatever post aconite wrote that boss is referring to . you see , i don't feel like any of the variants really fit me , even ... i want to know if there is such a thing as an sx-dom who is ashamed of their intensity or moreover has been taught to be ashamed of it ? what would that look like ? people are probably mainly responding about their type because its what they know best . personally , i know my triptype 614 decently enough . i am starting to explore the other types , but that requires ... could you explain the moniker for the type 6 ? you know ? the self-reliant bit was interesting . you don't see that very often in descriptions of the type . everyone seems to assert we want to relie ... little star - yeh . there is absolutely no connect with me and the video . i think it's a shallow work more or less stating the obvious---what is and not what may guide those things . yet , it's ... ah . it sounded like you were defending the video from my critique of it . well , i didn't read any of your earlier posts if you were hoping that was true . i am not going to tell someone ... '