' i'd be willing to place money on the thought that walter bishop and william bell ( from fringe ) are entp and intj , respectively of course . yeah they may be fictional characters , but walter is a ... aaaah omegle , the only place where in the span of one day i can be asked by three different people to shit on their chests ( in most cases i go into the subject of talking about how i have indoor ... [ quote = saikick ; 1571045 ] my hypothesis is that intj's are the rule followers and rule enforcers of life . the rule following you describe is more istj style rule following . i know a couple istjs in ... i'm back from my little vacation , and haven't been here in a while , so i thought i'd give a bit of an update on some of the things i've found out . step-grandfather : esfj uncle ( mother's side ) : ... i'm fairly certain that this one has already been said ( and would be fairly disappointed if it hadn't been said ) but something that immensely pisses me off is when people who have nothing to say ... don't stop posting now . the more people who post here the better . i go to ( well , went to ) school with a group of kids who designed a fusion machine . i thought this would be relevant because the machine fits in the palm of your hand , apparently , and can be plugged ... i did bring a book to mine . the great gatsby loved every letter of it , and treasured it more for the fact that it distracted me from the tedious boring crap going on around me . these are all really helpful , thanks everyone for taking an interest in this . it still seems like personality ( or at least the cognitive functions that make up the personality ) are , more or less , inheritable . being mindless like that it's just * shudders * too horrible for words . not being able to control yourself , and only thinking about eating ; that's even worse ! the very nature of zombies ( who only ... i'd say the scariest prospect of zombies , is that they turn you mindless too . being turned into something incapable of individual thought ! ah , no , it's too terrifying ! the way the istj functions break down is as follows : introverted sensing , extroverted thinking , introverted feeling , extroverted intuition . then there's the entp : extroverted intuition , ... first and foremost : sorry about the name mix up , that was entirely my bad . on to present matters . your father , you said was entj , and that he would not part with his money my dad is entj and is the ... ambiguity is just fine , because i will often lean towards extroverted thinking , and then a few hours later i'll be leaning towards introverted thinking . i'll be sure to include several other factors that affect personality type . although people do go through a six year period where they try on personality types to see what fits , and it is possible ... i may be wrong about him being entp . it's just that when i was reading his book brain droppings he really struck me as entp , i don't know why it just seemed to fit . i guess that's the mystery of ... i'm probably going to get this thread stickied , it looks like it may need it . also , it appears that i'm going to need to re-test my theory on personality type inheritance . intj rage , the only thing worse than ignoring them . ignoring them while glaring ! the horrors ! i think that maybe lewis black is intj . george carlin ( entp ) enjoyed his wit just about as much as my entp friends enjoy mine . i just think that people's personality is either inherited , or learned from their parents . right now i'm thinking it may be a little of both . you know , i really have tosh pegged as an esfp , he has the same view as society and same desire for new jokes as my brother does , and my brother is an esfp . so , i'm pretty sure he's esfp . on the ... i've learned that i can talk to extroverts if they have something interesting to talk about , if they don't i just don't bother talking to them . the thing i'm curious about is where your ti came from . not a problem , and if they don't want to try browsing the intp and entj forums and seeing if your parents act like any of them . congrats , col . it looks like you somehow managed to not inherit any of your personality from your parents . edit . alright , skadi , i'm going to just wildly guess here and say that between ... i have a misbehaving photographic memory . i can remember things fairly easily , but sometimes i forget that i remembered them ( that probably makes no sense . ) i can remember every person i've met ... maybe you should link this post on the isfp forum , and see what they have to say . it might help out a bit to see if they can identify with any of the things you are saying . going postal - terry pratchett . i read 100 pages of this book in a three hour class period . it's really good , and the sarcastic wit should appeal to quite a few nts . it's cool , i'd rather people not post step-family members . i'm more looking for blood relatives , but if it's just so important to you that it has to be done i'm not going to stop you . well , it's possible to get all the functions in reverse . i mean , here look at my dad's function breakdown : te , ni , se , fi . now look at my brother's : se , fi , te , ni . almost exact opposite , but ... i'll start : me - intj mother - isfj father - entj brother - esfp those are all the confirmed immediate family members i've got . edit to include a few others : maternal grandmother - istj ... basically , the description says it all . what's your personality type , and that of your immediate ( brothers , sisters , mother , father ) family members . speculation , and guessing are just fine here , ... you know your parents ( or in my case , my dad ) is nt when you give them the test , and they get an nt result . this may just be me ( it may also fit in with my other post ) but saying something and then saying , lol , jk ( god that hurt to type ) pushes me very near the point of homicide . if you're just going to ... you know you're entp if you don't completely flip shit every time your intj friend criticizes the ideas you tell us about . another thing that never fails to piss me off . when somebody attempts to subtly manipulate me . i know what they're doing , i'm not going to go along with it . either directly tell me , or stop ... i've been thinking about this question for a while now ( hadn't seen this post before , but wish i had . ) and i decided that the infp imagination compliments the intj creativity . the thing that pisses me off more than probably anything in the world is the phrase : you're too young to understand . i do not like to be disregarded just because of something as trivial as my age . ironically i was musing about that just yesterday when i was pondering the difference between intj sarcastic wit , and entj sarcastic wit . i'm pretty happy with the way i've newly portrayed him , ... i found this while i was researching the entj , and thought i should share it : able to turn conflict situations into positive lessons using this i'd say that my latest choice fits the actions of an ... i really don't see this as trying to get you to write it for me , i'm just showing dialogue and seeing if this is what you would say . you guys say how you would react , and i tailor it to be so . i'm ... alright , here's the latest reworking of it . this will probably be the last time i post this tonight , i've already spent way too much time on this chapter . alright , here it is : “ ah . you ’ re right ... he doesn't do it at her desk , he walks over to the corner of the room and then begins to plan his conversation with god , and when he begins to verbalize it she shows concern that he's sitting in the ... impossible is merely a challenge to be tackled and overcome . i saw one of you say that when you were stressed you talk to yourself . so maybe i should have the character sit in the corner of the room and talk to himself ; and then have the receptionist come ... in fact it's just the opposite , he's almost teasing the main character for his serious nature . drunken shepherd better not try to fuck this wolf . that's dangerous , and just generally not a good idea . i don't know , asking your living sister how she died just to start a debate with her does sound kind of like something an entp would do . i edited it to make him less whiny , and more concise and decisive . here's the new line i thought up : i don ’ t care how omnipotent he is , if he created time he should be able to keep it . '