' if you're going to share something with me then you should be prepared to have it critiqued . what else is the purpose of sharing something you're not finished with ? she wrote a post about her intj boyfriend , asked for help , i wasn't really sure what she was asking for help with , which was what my post was asking , and then she deleted the post . i messaged her and ... recently my friend ( isfp i believe ) who also makes music recently asked me if i would listen to some of his stuff ( i hadn't heard any thus far ) , and i said yes . he sent me a zip file with a bunch of ... what even is the question ? could ai be god ? is god ai ? what does it mean to be god ? people have invented god in the past ... and they weren't any brighter than you or i . 1 . what wakes you up most mornings ( alarm , pets , kids , etc . ) ? instinct . but i have an alarm set just in case . 2 . which historical figure not named adolf hitler would you kill ? why ? ronald ... this is actually really funny because i've had similar experiences . sometimes i will talk to her about far-away life goals that i have and how i plan to achieve them . for example , i told her about ... it is . it's not the very highest thing on my list at all , but it is . i have a friendship that does not work on a fundemental level . we have not a lot in common , and frankly , every time we hang out they will do and say things to remind me of why i dislike them . this ... i'm not saying that i don't have drive or goals , or don't take action . i suppose i am confusing se and te , but not in that sense . i've identified goals , things i want to do , and my life's plan , and ... admittedly ... the main reason i have not continued writing is because i'm unsure of where to continue after stopping for a while . i suppose it's hard to admit that . and planning and prospecting is a ... i'm always thinking about and contemplating things , taking steps toward them , but have a fear of actually doing these things at times , jumping into situations that could benefit me , or taking action , ... i started writing a novel last year . i stopped in october , and since then , have been thinking about it , fine tuning it , and revising it in my head , writing down all the thoughts that i have that i ... * enfj voice * hey maybe you should ask me how i feel and everyone else feels first before making such bold assertions :/ you can't just use facts and better judgment , the world doesn't work like that enfj : wait a minute , you don't agree with me ? anyone : it's just that i think you're wrong about - - enfj : i gave myself a headache trying to explain to a person whose entire worldview was founded on / pol / and dogmatic conservative news sources why doing just this is probably not a good idea . i can't seem ... oh well ? i didn't think i was being a jerk , i just wasn't buying what i saw to be self pity . i wasn't the one who brought up math or being bad at math or how the test is unfair in the first place ... for what it's worth , i have never seen someone so in love with their own opinion . it is truly astounding how much tripe you've been able to pump out on such an infinitesimal subject as this with so ... mensa is a moneymaking ploy for egomaniacs with slightly above average intellgence . you'll actually notice that i never said that insects were not animals . animal and insect are two different classifications . please tell me i'm wrong . i said it was stupid to call killing bugs being ... nephandus not gonna lie i couldn't follow a fucking word of that frustration . i feel it the most readily and it's certainly the most palpable . i wonder if this is because it's the easiest for me to understand . default is no emotion . my tritype is 583/538 . this entire thread is about insects . insects are a class , animals are a kingdom . as i said , two different classifications . are insects animals ? technically , yes . so are dust mites , tapeworms , ... will it take another 5 pages to make you understand that insects and animals are two different classifications ? is it ever a good idea to gather your information from an online news source ? not only an online news source , but the podcast of a canadian breitbart copycat of an online news source ? furthermore ... i was actually just googling that ! apparently there's no qualifications as to what can be called free range or not . it's so difficult to actually know what you're getting when false advertising is so ... i swear to god , seeing sjw makes me break out in hives . it's the buzzword that won't fucking die . if i could eradicate one stupid internet term from the public conscious , this would be it . has anyone tried kombucha tea ? supposedly good for your health , taste is fucking diabolical god i feel like you've written novels here and yet said absolutely nothing . this is barbaric . but why are you even asking ? if she hates it and is being told that she must sign , she should have already ended the relationship . i think i'm going to stop eating eggs and chicken ... or at the very least switch to cruelty free / free range . has anyone looked into the practices of the poultry industry ? so cruel , saddening and ... in a ( perfect ) completely non-theistic world , something of which is very sacred and serious to you , above the realm of everyday life . the following is a real , genuine conversation with what i'm now almost completely certain is an enfj : we were talking about our act scores ( i'm retaking it tomorrow ) and i was saying that my math ... you're gonna have to initiate any physical hang-out . this isn't because she doesn't like you ( or it's not indicative of this , at least ) , it's just the way intjs are . and don't be overbearing or ... i need to flush my eyes after looking at that . is that even of this world ? the bell jar i have this thing where i won't go into the kitchen if other people are in there . i find it incredibly irritating , actually . as far as hallways go ... no , i can't relate . i don't acknowledge the other ... why do all of your posts read like an ee cummings poem ? invisible mode exists . in fact , i'm using it now . i'd be very uncomfortable with , for example , you , knowing my perc browsing habits , for the fact that you're clearly constructing a compendium of ... cats and intjs just make sense . in a way , they are perhaps the perfect pet . they might be the only house pet who not only can handle but prefer complete solitude most of the time . people don't seem ... could you expound on this ? there are few greater pleasures in life than watching plans unfold in real time exactly how you presumed they would . this actually made me laugh out loud for some reason any validity in this ? mother : esfj father : istp sister : infp sister : esfp personally i think any inxx type will clash with sjs . they're very bullheaded at times . i would actually love the opportunity to punch an idiot in the face for once so this sounds like a blessing in disguise . '