'  i love being infj except for these 2 things : 1 ) i wish i was more social . i can't initiate conversations ; i feel like i'm being a nuisance to whoever i want to talk to . when i don't talk , ( in ... 1 . house 2 . burn notice 3 . white collar 4 . psych 5 . myth busters excluding house , they are not in any particular order . i'll give it a shot . will probably remove these when / if i come to my senses ...  yea i know what you mean . will do . i'd feel a bit bad doing that , but i'd feel way worse just ignoring her . thanks for the advice :) will use it . nah , you're not old styled . well , if ... exactly what unico said . i've had countless of arguments with my mother about this ; she tells me to go to a party with her and my sister , and not stay alone at home . she always gives me 2 ... top of my head nostalgia loss of friendships when i can't get to know someone , even though i really want to , because i'm incapable of taking the initiative ( happening right now ) sad ... thanks guys ... hard to accept it , but i understand now . i really do appreciate all the help ! thanks . i'm checking it out . sadly , i think this has already started to happen . i just don't ... darn ... that must have hurt . my apologies if you didn't feel comfortable telling that , but thanks a lot for doing so . i know her . she'd respond wow ... but i don't bother you right ? :D . , to ... sounds reasonable ... i'll try and see if i can do that . going to be hard for me though . what if she really is depressed or lonely ? i don't wish to hurt her . i'll try that out ... she only texts me when she has a problem though . i thought she had a crush on me , but i just doubt it in my gut . ah , jeez , that was beyond retarded of me . apologies . in my opinion , wearing * too * much makeup or a push up bra just for the sake to make them look bigger , is a sign of insecurity and attention ... well , i met a girl from my school back in august . she seemed to want to be my friend , and started texting me a lot and all that . all was fine until she started making a big deal out of ... i despise make up and push up bras . many women are naturally beautiful yet they plaster makeup on their face to look better ... i don't know why , i just hate it so much . at school , we've ... i don't hate all these , they just bother me . the order means nothing . 1 ) my nose is too long 2 ) my eyes are sometimes uneven 3 ) i sometimes have anger issues ( hate this one ) 4 ) most of the ... hanna's soundtrack is amazing , and the movie made it to my 2nd favorite of all time ( my first will always be ' shawshank redemption ' , so you can say this ... o - 47 ... you typically don't seek out new experiences . c - 58 ... you are neither organized or disorganized . e - 2 ... you probably enjoy spending quiet ... horrible short term incredible long term but only for details ... i remember things my friends don't , and everyone remembers things that i don't ... i usually remember a sentence someone told me 6 ... poof . congratz ! but now you need brain activity , and because you need to use your brain for other things , you are limited to very few exercises . you get bored due to the low diversity of exercises , ... yes and it kinda bothers me it feels like they are pushing me , and they often say it themselves , sometimes even telling me that its rude for me not wanting to talk or not being open , as if i ... not religious , but i know that the apocalypse ( at least the one on the christian bible ) isn't something from the future , but from the past ... see : nero i doubt it has to do with being infj , but i cannot stand still in an way when i stand still for more than 30 secs , i start moving one of my legs ( i don't know either , it just happens ) by slightly ... something that costs a lot ? i'd tell them that they are trying too hard and ( if the person giving me the gift is a close friend ) that they don't need to . then i'd ask for the receipt so i can return ... o negative at school i'm happier than ever ... for some reason i enjoy those moments when my friends get the guts to ask someone they like out ... when i get home though , it becomes one of those days that i'm ... would put the whole movie if i could  i'll give it a go ... i'm sorry , i don't mean to offend you . but stuff like that is why i'm not an optimist ( nor pessimist ) hmm ... all of the above . exactly me . except i clean up * not exactly 110 % throughly * every 2 days .. and throughly every 2 weeks or so i'd save it , go to university , study whatever is necessary to govern my country , pay my way with bribes to be governor , and fix my country . funny though , the last thing i'd like to study is law . things i say : you aren't looking at it with all the possible perspectives i've no preference , don't care , you choose waitwhatwho ? after my countless trips when thinking everyday ... depends on the person , but my friends say i tend to look away from their eyes for like half a second every 3-5 seconds . i don't notice ... when it's the other way around : 1 ) if it's a close ... i've never admitted it , but yes . it's really strange ... i feel normal , i know that i have some troubles that i'm bottling up , but i feel ok ... 5 seconds later , my family , friends or anybody starts a ... didn't know that , i'll check it out , thanks ! mars volta ? of course :) i'm proud to say he was born in puerto rico , like me ( lol ) youtube - sound of silence - simon & garfunkel ( live sound ) youtube - watchmen intro song youtube - incubus - aqueous transmission i'll post some more later :) i hate it . i get all a's and occasional b's . but i'm not smart , i just like to look up things about history and all of that on the internet .. and if the subject interests me , i read and read about it ... that's weird . i was watching a rock and roll hall of fame dvd with my dad ... i didn't know that band , and it came up . 5 minutes later , i see your post lol . anyways , my song : ... always depends on the person ... but i tend to show ( not say ) that i don't want to know someone when they start to talk to me ... i have a few friends , yet i've ' rejected ' few people ... i guess you ... love that song ... and yes , there's only 2 friends i trust ... to the rest , the deepest ' secret ' i can tell them is that i hate spiders ... that's like 1inch on a 1000mile hole of secrets / personal ... i plan to try ... as long as it doesn't have dangerous side effects or it's easy to get addicted to it ... i'm guessing that's a small number of drugs , but it's one of those things that i really want to ... i know it's a what if ? question , but it's impossible so i don't feel like pondering over it . although , if by monster you could mean , evil ... no ... i couldn't . does picturing the colors in the correct place with my mind count ? :) nope ; wouldn't bother me . and about 2 years max in age difference .. 5-6 when i get older ( this is just what i think i would think when i'm older ... ) when i'm completely alone at home . i only like the ' new ' calle 13 ... this song isn't reggaeton .. which i hate because it has no meaning other than doing people . i hate rap too , but not when it is talking about political problems and ... thanks , pretty cool song :P first of all , sorry if this is not something i should make a thread about ... or something i should make a thread about somewhere else ... anyways . i love ... no one i know is infj ... maybe 1 girl in class , but i'm not sure . i'm sure none of my male friends are though .. '