' well it is a good store to put next to a university for instance . people who only have small amounts to spend can pick up a few things . i think there is something to the x91noveltyx92 items at those ... oh you are japanese ? neat ! こんにちは i believe that is the equivalent of what we call a x93dollar storex 94 in the usa . i donx 92t shop in them often ; when i do i buy snacks , something salty plus something ... in equal parts , i chill in the dark and am drawn to rainbows and sparkles . i did a quite large practice of learning detachment at one point , getting rid of everything i owned except the clothes on my back and starting new , when i was about 30 years old . ix92m not sure ix92d ... i love ballet too , but am not good at typing people sorry if others are finding it boring yet it is something you enjoy , i suggest you start journaling . it sounds a lot like what i write daily . i enjoy going back and reading what happened a year ago , ... . i agree . and while i do not think that the feelings of doom or anxiety are fake , nor do i think they should be ignored , i do not feel them as i hear others express them . i do believe meditation ... there is a theory that unresolved issues of the human psyche play themselves out eventually , ancestral patterns affecting current events . perhaps this is what you are feeling . here are some more ... ix92m a living example of the mantra x93donx92t throw pens ; x94 one hit my eye when i was nine . ( had surgery , can sort of see ) oh hey , is that agent dale cooper as your avatar ? i just finished watching seasons 1 and 2 of twin peaks . not sure when ix92ll get to see the return but am looking forward to it . 25 years in the black ... i got hired a few years ago to do quality assurance auditing , lots of paperwork surrounding labwork . i found it a little stressful at first but am good at spotting errors , so was a natural . ... empower yourself to become an actualized adult . see a therapist or social worker work towards a consistently positive attitude . ( see therapist if you can't do it on your own ! ) try morning pages ! thirty minutes of free writing when you first wake . you will notice at the end of the thirty minutes your thoughts become clearer ! paraphrased : the first guy through the wall he always gets bloody , always . it's the threat of not just the way of doing things , but in peoples minds it's threatening their perspective . but really ... years ago i delved into this topic and found online that cultures and places you are attracted to can be clues . so i did meditations and thinking on all thatx 85 truthfully , it wasnx 92t as fruitful as i ... thread topic asks question , then you answer it in the original post ? i know a bunch of people who take mbti then clam up abouttheir results because they didn ’ t like them ! or they discount the validity ofthe test because they didn ’ t like the result . sounds like she is ... capx 92n crunch peanut butter , apple cinnamon cheerios , fruity pebbles , cocoa puffs , honey nut corn flakes top 5 ways to get yourself energized awe 93 % , 88 % creativity , 85 % curiosity , love of learning 85 % , wisdom 83 % , optimism 81 % , gratitude 80 % , spirituality 80 % sounds like me edit to add : oh lowest ? teamwork 30 % lolz definitely me . 1 . i got headbutted by a sweet cat 2 . i got to play instruments on a musical playground , mostly xylophones 3 . a robin took a bath out in my yard 4 . got to see two of my old besties 5 . when i ... i have never seen a thin person drinking diet coke . thanks . i was wondering why i might be getting fat . i think it can be awkward to be on either side of that coin , the one who likes more or the one who is liked more . when it all comes down to it , i say stay focused on knowing yourself and being your ... i myself do not even know any operas . anyone else ? white nectarine , gala apple , cherries , strawberries , blueberries top 5 favorite junk foods jameson whiskey tangueray gin pale ales bitter ales i only have four . honestly ix92d rather two small puffs of good weed than a drink . ... good topic , some good insight here omg and that upside down seal avatar * squee ! ! * i have been the recipient of silence , from at least two boyfriends , and my mother . so i have done a lot of thinking on it . while i generally find silence and short answers infuriating , i also have ... yeah , i dunnox 85while i really like people who are nice all the time ? it doesnx 92t seem authentic when i look at myself . i have good feelings , bad ones , and i do good things ( strive to be mostly good ) ... i could see one of my cousins making a similar remark , that my family helped me and now i never come around . i have some very large issues with my parents at present , stuff that will not be ... d . p . do you consider yourself a frustrated artist ? sounds like you might . herex 92s what i suggest : stop thinking about this cousin and get to work on your art . get creative . and itx 92s as simple as this : ... i don ’ t like when a group of people gangs up on a single individual ever , makes me mad ! also i think people should encourage the art of slowing down and relaxing more , all i ever hear is people ... one of my favorite authors wrote about x91the futility of hero worshipx 92 and suggests that a predictable egoic structure is usually like a stone sculpture , and crashes down when you see the real human ... i wander around in the woods for hours alone . if anybody saw me they'd think i was insane , jumping about on rocks and rolling in the grass and making little sound effects for myself . greye this ... i prefer it . actually ix92ve gone out so much alone , i wouldlike someone to go places with now . maybe . actually what i really want issomething like a service animal , but ix92m picturing a big ole tiger ... sounds like you really love yourself and your reality , that ’ s awesome , i do too . and just as you have no interest in living , seeing , and processing the way that i do because you ’ re happy and ... specifically regarding knowing someone , then seeing them years later and thinking they are a different person : i think much in life can be seen as a paradox . yes people change , but also they ... thanks for your reply to my post . i understand lots of things about energyactually , stuff you discount and call untrue is stuff i intuitively know abouthow energy works . you keep saying ‘ there ’ s ... given that you are a thinker and we are in a rational-thought-loving world of people for the most part , your post does not surprise me . but where i believe you are incorrect is where you so ... not sure if it was mentioned here , as i only read the original post plus a few immediately after , but i think it is a very strong factor in why infjs may act the way they do and the idea was ... i did see unclear boundaries and feel i was enmeshed at times for sure . codpendency and enmeshment have been big topics of research and discovery for me . here are some of the things i went ... i have found using a feelings chart helpful . i ’ m pretty familiar with hearing myself say i ’ m tired or annoyed or whatever , and i like that it ’ s listed as “ when your needs are not being met ” as it ... if i donx 92t break eye contact and youx 92re only looking at myright eye itx 92s because ix92m pretty blind in that eye lol . people think ix92mstaring or blank in that eye and i just canx 92t see well out of it . ix92ve not seen it mentioned so i will add that when you connect with someone it is possible to form energetic cords from your heart to theirs and if youx 92re very sensitive and empathic ( seems you may ... i ’ m getting better but gossip used to really bother me . ifyou can ’ t say something nice about someone , don ’ t say anything at all.especially with the internet it ’ s so easy to look up how to interact ... i found a book , adult children of emotionally immature parents that was good . it was hard to find but i can sum up the gist … . basically not all of us are mirrored properly by our parents , some expect ... i have had people plot against me . they essentially got me fired , i was working hard thinking i was doing all the right things , apparently not . so i had a lot of time to read job books before the ... for many years i was attracted to mostly physical beauty i think , for instance handsome men , but also i really love animals and was kind of obsessed with learning dog breeds for a spell , so had types ... i was just reading last night in the hsp book info that often hsps like to work , are good at it , and because of this can make others look bad . let ’ s say that is the case for you . the advice in the ... '