' 393874 hope is useless sentiment , he did you a favor , only through acceptance of the futility you can gain the utility . when you can't hope for better you either accept the shit as it is or do something ... glue or tape ? i was a member of mensa a while but i am far too introverted to ever do anything they had going on and i made no connections there so i just decided to drop that redundant tie in 2013 . it's fine if ... well then fuck it all huh ? no worth investing into the future because it's a long one ? when you care about politics , it's only because the system has failed its purpose and you feel like it has to be changed . are you sure he is worth reeling in ? are you sure you guys have long term compatibility ? is he interested in relationship or just a fling ? there's more important things to consider than how to nab ... i would like a change of name to system , if that's available . thank you . the problem isn't really personality type with that , just ego and general human behavior ! how to cope with that , i haven't the faintest ! but i am sure you have better luck than me ! well , intj's are fairly direct if you want pointers , the forum has a lot of good examples : nonchalance : dating enfp can be wearing experience to infj , as they may be open , do not like to be coddled ... you squishy weird adorable and sensitive infj's always make me worry for all the actually creepy weirdos you let close to you with your empathetic and forgiving ways . being a friend with one irl is a ... as utilitarian and handy sensor types are , i haven't found much enjoyment in exchanging thoughts with one in my whole life . so as a companion to age with i prefer a fellow intuitive . i suppose ... culture is what we make of it , it is malleable and whimsical thing . cultural identity some are so proud of has changed a million times and they go and pick and choose what ever strikes their fancy ... there was a guy who seemed smarter than me , then he opened his mouth . loneliness is a state of which you suffer only if your life is not laden with disappointments with talking to people . i rather ... this shit again ? for real ? do you work for these people or something ? i may be sarcastic , but passive aggressive not so much . i prefer outright and direct approach before any aggression has time to develop . usually a hearty you are almost offensively idiotic , please ... that's some fi in there raging rampant . intuitive due to pony icon depicting luna and naturally a feeler over thinker what with the topic of the song can reveal . infp is my guess but i cheated by ... i am sorry for all the hardship you've had to endure . perhaps to learn to trust men you need to have few platonic friendships with them rather than go all dedicated romantic relationship with one ... i prefer to protect my vision from uv rays . even if they look silly . i would in fact even prefer sunglasses to look as ridiculous as possible so it would provide some entertainment value on top of ... everything is possible if you try hard enough . everyone forgets that sometimes i think . age is an arbitrary number counting how many times your ass has circled the sun on this blob of dirt . far more important data than your count of orbits ... it is not a matter of strength but cognitive processes and how one internalizes and approaches failure . i am furthest thing from positive person and keep getting called pessimist only for ... such mania and furor is not a healthy workings of a mind , i do not think an intj is what you seek , try 4chan / pol / or something to find yourself a wannabe introvert maniac with lust for some ... i am fond of nebulae and solar imagery . i suppose it is the mystery that attracts in those . also horse is a very pretty animal , and then the calm silent snowy forest that can be so silent and subdued ... i am an ad and an illustrator . i also do an occasional storyboard for other artists and even some writing now with older age . intj is exceptionally suited as an editor / director of media too since ... it seems that sometimes discussing the darker matters can be enlightening experience . i hope you will with this self-discovery find a way to better tomorrow friend . i was able to deduce that just by assessing the subject link , the fact that they claim in big bold letters how free it is means there's something behind a paywall there they're just selling to ... i am not clumsy , i am creatively destructive . my ideal mate is one paired with a check . aside from that , the obvious choice for an intj is a pet rock . you want reliable results and a free test that's optimized for your social environment , go to mensa , they test you for free , and if you qualify , you may even be able to join up and get a nice ... 359162 i spoiler this since i am not enfp , but i must ask expert opinion , does this count as faking it : wink : ohh , taking selfies near computers , that is generally a great way to attain ... i don't think i've seen such joy over pasta before . i suppose it was very fresh pasta . so many smiling faces , i wish i knew how to do that . :| now ...  ... i am sure your skin is flawless and ... ford forfour for sure ? ? i was stating what i was stating because i offered it as a valid explanation for the uncertainty and lack of clarity and definite answers . the problems people are having is not just lack of study but ... it is completely within your rights to ignore reality , facts and value of science and go with feelgood stuff as long as you are only making that choice for yourself . :) also what would you ... well , there are some , numerous even , sources that add a lot of woo to their holistic approach to medicine making it actually just a bloated cost to treat something simple , so perhaps it was about ... i would like to mention here that enneagram has faced great deal of criticism it tried to avoid mentioning and covering as it has had a fairly potent case in debunking its validity , if you feel like ... it is not anomalous , but within tolerable variables . my best friend irl is enfp and most his friends are introverts too . i think it has something to do with how enfp processes their own feelings and ... that is good reason as any . i am glad you are interested in psychology and the community , we all stand to learn about humanity and its mental manifestations , helps us to understand each others a ... my warm welcome to you . i hope your stay here will be pleasant and informative . what inspired you to join perc as your first forum experience ? a fan of psychology or just mbti typologies ? usually ... mbti as a system is a pseudo-scientific system which combines the innate natural processes of the brain and how they process information via its cognitive functions , and then the account of nurture ... people may say that when they are single , but it makes it none the less true . forming a friendship with a person rather than just outright dating with them under the guise of starting a ... extreme enough ? i am only one who by far seems to have voted something else . feminism is not a positive or negative in terms of society , it started as a force to improve the status of women in society , but like ... i think we can shortcut the process and have this thread deleted by discussing unacceptable topics of mature subjects . or alternatively we can mention bethdeth who shall be able to delete this ... my waifu not being real . i am not here to convert or to be converted , so even though i did read your whole post all i will do is to correct a false statement you make in it . atheism is not about absolute knowledge ... i am the opposite , i am too eager to correct all wrong information i happen about and it takes all my willpower to let the happy party of misinformation and willful ignorance to go on uncorrected , ... in a metaphorical sense you just did built a lego set . the irony is scalding , if you pardon the humorous notion . onto the argument you presented , and the looming threat of the false negative . if ... bertrand russell said about the subject of religion : i think this is the optimal way to approach subject of religion itself . not to consider it . rather than considering religion , i often do like ... '