' follow your intuition , no matter how crazy it is . if you ’ ve “ barely taken steps towards college , ” then maybe that ’ s not what you really need right now . if you ’ ve been thinking of joining the army ... personally , i don ’ t think you should ask him anything . actions speak louder than words , and his not talking , sitting , waiting for you says volumes . if you ask , you ’ re going to get an answer you don ’ t ... i saw this thread when you first posted it . i've seen many people say they can be friends , but for the vast majority , the hope is still there . in the beginning , the other admirer always says ok , ... personally , i found nothing negative or discouraging with that thread of what scares infp women . a lot of the criteria ( clingy , arrogant , oversensitive , etc ) , if you're male , you also might not ... the longer you stay together , the more a break up will hurt her . : your story was shocking - i always thought you were living the good life . every time you talk about skiing , i can hear your passion & love for it , it's inspiring & makes me glad . and ... kaylankonnor : don't let fear of being too nice stop you from teaching , if that's what you still want to do . classroom management is a skill that can be learned or evolved by setting up ... , , , , , , , & anyone who is still reading this thread : you ’ ve all been scammed . the op ’ s ideas always rubbed me the wrong ... : lady , you believe what you want . the so-called know-it-all energy bothers you ? why do you think that so-called energy came out ? go back and read the op & all the following posts . ... i will be direct & blunt . warning : it ’ s a bitter red pill . the subject is very personal to me , so i don ’ t have the ability ( or time / energy ) to fluff it into a blue pill . feel free to ignore – you may ... lifeisanillusion : great freaking post ! ! ! thanks for sharing ; couldn't have articulated it better - matches my own experience , almost to the dot . i'll expand later . try to refresh the thread page , and there's usually a restore auto save content at the bottom left of the reply box ? ( opposite of post quick reply . ) - it worked for me , even after i went offline ... honored to be mentioned , by i'm afraid i know next to nothing about enneagrams , mbti ( other than infp ) , divorce , law , bi-polar , ptsd , or add . i do still have an initial opinion , but may i ask a few ... : let the posts stay . don't take it personally ; they're only talking about how life feels for themselves right now . they didn't criticize your life or anything you said . if you're happy ... i dream nearly every night ; they're like movies - mostly dramas & thrillers . others would consider them nightmares . i should write them all down & turn the best ones into stories , but i don't ... : i'm sure you didn't upset him - really ! he answered all your questions without any hint of resentment , hurt , or frustration whatsoever . and even when he wrote that last post , there ... along the lines of what said . when you don't want love & you're headed towards your own dream , that projects confidence , and a certain type of beauty & attractiveness . especially in ... : before i read your post #17 : sorry for any late reply - it takes me awhile sometimes to think things through for complicated issues , and i simultaneously get sunk into other ... : i'm busy writing my reply right now . it might take a few hours , and it probably won't include your recent post ( a brief scan right now , my reaction is holy crap ) . well , now that i ... don't worry , you're doing good ! if girls want to spend time with you , that's a good sign you're basically doing nothing wrong . as turtleducks said , lots of long distance relationships don't last past ... well , at least you're being honest here about your lying - that's a great first start , isn't it ? if you feel sleeplessly bad about lying , then maybe your heart / body is telling you that lying isn't ... i don't get it . 2 dates in 6 years seems impossible . maybe you've met quite a few men , but not been attracted to them for x reasons , so you never went out with them ? ? ? i don't think i've ever ... not a smart move . i'll reply to this later . @ mimi - 2 original reply to : lol okay , i'll try thanks ! ! i can't really answer your question , since i'm relatively new here . plus , i don't go out of my way to meet people , either here or in ... could you please be more respectful ? i'm asking politely . don't mistake that for vulnerability , however . i can be an incredibly merciless asshole . you can't fault icarus for not giving you ... i can't add anything to the other good posts about your ex . anyway , i'd be more concerned with reducing the possibility of cheating in future relationships . i do believe we have some control over ... i think it's hard to really know what you'll like or be good at until you actually try it . so going to school for something you haven't yet tried seems a very risky gamble . personally , i used the ... oh , i see what you're saying . i don't know about other infps , but shutting down was normal for me , because i personally need more space & time when i'm making huge life decisions . i take my life ... your mom sounds toxic ; she's the main source of your stress . avoid toxic substances unless they're willing to metamorphosize into non-toxic - which in this case , would be a miracle . very few people ... i don't think you should consider transferring before you've even started . i'm from ca , but i went to a small liberal arts college called haverford ( in pa ) , with about 1,200 students . so it ... for many women ( at least after high school ) , looks aren't always the main priority - it's something else ( or multiple other things ) about you that's not attracting them . qualities such as confidence , ... i don't read poetry or books , but when i first read this poem a long time ago , it was like seeing my soul reflected & encapsulated by a few words , particularly the italicized lines . emily ... i've seen some of the other recent threads you posted . i've wanted to reply to a few , but i tend not to post unless i can contribute , be thorough , or i feel compelled to . it's the latter right now , ... adamant : i wasn't following your exchange with eos ( too busy engaged w / missj ) , so i can't make a judgment about who's being more logical . ( i find those classical logic laws a bit debatable , but ... meltedsorbet : astrology = dolts isn't logical . it implies that astrology has no use value . what if a young person knew nothing about personality , and then started to read astrology ... : sorry ! but if you know about triple point , then there's no point in asking . et al : # 1 . point taken . feelings & intuition are valid ( but they aren't always right , ... adamant : water can exist in all 3 states at the same time . it's called the triple point . look it up . missjordan : oh , i see - you believe the ultimate purpose of logic ( the reason it was invented ) is to make sense , not to find out the truth . no wonder conventional philosophy has the ... @ missjordan : if your purpose is winning / losing arguments , then statements not backed by reasoning will lose . this doesn't take away from their truth value - which is valuable , in and of itself ... @ missjordan : human beings have imperfect knowledge . our science to date , based on rationality / logic , can only have limited understanding , which is why feelings or intuition have their place . ... you're welcome . apologies for the directness - i try to stay thinking-based , but i still get impassioned ( in this case , when i think i see someone headed towards a danger zone ) . you got a high on ... sounds like you're afraid you can't control your feelings , and are afraid of falling for his jawline , stirring feeling , & sitting like a lovestruck moron . face it , even if he works hard ( he ... i hated this video . she posits her subjective experience as objective truth . at first , she criticizes self-discovery ... at the end she contradicts her-self : finding who you really are , ... i chose yes - i would become a vigilante vampire , targeting rapists , human traffickers , genocidal warlords / officers , oppressive dictators , etc . i may also consider extreme white collar criminals , ... you should still try to identify what is causing / triggering your stress . otherwise , you're just dealing with the symptoms , and not the source . you'll just be on an endless cycle of : stress -> ... listen to adverse . also : 1 ) ... that freaked me out because i didn't know him that well ... follow your instincts in the future . nip it in the bud before you get a snowball effect like this ... you may get more responses if you include a personal side to your question . most infps seem to respond better to the personal & emotional , rather than the theoretical & abstract . if you talked about ... i know very little about type , so i can't address those questions . there is usually a logic to emotions , but they probably can't be understood by conventional methods of reasoning . for ... i wish i knew the guy ; he's the one that should be asking for perspective . i'd at least tell him , you shouldn't be telling her she's your daily motivation to be a better person , your ... wish i could give you a pat on the shoulder . do what you gotta do - not what someone else wants you to do , or what you think they want you to do . don't just do what the new guy ( or any guy ) wants ... '