' former leader of the uk labour party ; michael foot was a passionate orator , and was part of the royal society of literature . and of course he loved the glitter of all that circle with all the ... when i wandered off into analysing cognitive functions i realised what i thought was a very weak fe is infact an fi . someone described fi as the ability to listen to feelings and me and my sister who ... hello infp , hopefully you are having the most pleasant christmas this year . as of 2013 , i have donated approximately $ 15,800 to epilepsy awareness . it is a charity that i donate to because one of my friends ( and crush ) died from epilepsy . i will continue to donate to that ... wa is probably istp or istj . i don't know if this is an istj thing . you might be an istj if you think you're friends are not serious enough about life . don't be sorry : happy : let's celebrate that you are an enfj by dancing in zero gravity whilst orbiting titan . : happy : woah so many smilies that my mind has exploded and the vestiges morphed into a hawk and flew away . this is me to a tee . i used karl popper's theory of falsifiability in a climate change assignment . are you just arguing over semantics here ? a person with schizophrenia is not neurotypical . it certainly is genetic for the most part , and while mentally ill might be if you will a term to describe ... i think we should scrap income tax , and company taxes and impose a land value tax . does this sound like an nt thing ? i took my younger sister ( esfp ) out to a club since she can't drive yet . she was having a blast but i was bored , and i just ordered cocktails , i talked to a few ... i don't know i see conservative values in this light . there are three moral traditions . there's the intuitive morals that people have , and the morals that they upheld as an individual in the ... i'd appreciate any other opinions . i did this , hoping it would help . 1 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? ... thank you for the response . it is greatly appreciated . bump . i believe in pro-life . i was thinking maybe enfj .  what is his enneagram and mbti ? if i am threatened during perhaps a debate i will verbally joust and be on the offensive listing fallacies , or data that goes against their beliefs . if it is an work , or being threatened with my ... here are the processes from similarminds . cognitive processlevel of development ( preference , skill and frequency of use ) extraverted sensing ( se ) * * * ( 16.2 ) limited use ... thank you for your response . i did make some cognitive processes remarks later on such as introverted thinking , and perhaps introverted intuition . hello isfj'er . :) thank you for taking the time out to check-out my thread . i've kind of thought the isfj might be the more logical label . i'm at heart a conservative , and some of the conservative ... do you have a subscription fee ? also do you offer advertising rates ? also people that inspire me : margaret thatcher enoch powell f . a . hayek richard nixon cicero lee kuan yew i have often wondered whether i am really an istj / isfj rather than an infj . i have often questioned how my beliefs are derived . i think i observe the world and then contrast it to an ideology to ... that sounds quite interesting , though i have values , and beliefs , i generally have intellectualised them with premises , and it is with this as well as reflecting on my past experiences that have ... rcoai 2.5 % of women ; 4.5 % of men not relationship obsessed , withdrawn , risk averse , not wild and crazy , toned down , thinks before acting , fearless , peaceful , does not like to be the center of ... hey i'm capitalist ! :) my name is self-explanatory however i am more than just one definition , needless to say i've joined to compartmentalise myself yet again , and understand my beliefs better . '