' i believed in god all my life up until about a year ago . my mother was a very strong believer in god and encouraged me and my brothers to be the same way . she didn't force it down our throats or ... i lurk everywhere to be honest . i had a bunny . named lola . after the loony toon . she shitted on me once . i'm only 18 , really . frequently . i'm really a 54 year old man . i was thinking this . anyway , my brother and a close friend of mine are enfps . both are the shit . and i could definitely see myself with an enfp girl . not really my kinda thing . i fap with my left hand , if that counts as being ambidextrous . lasagna , steak , almost anything mexican , chicken wings , and of course pizza . don't really have a favorite restaurant . drake - show me a good time brand new - you stole i usually do it if someone says something funny or something i agree with . my family and i were at a store and i was arguing with one of the workers . she called the cops on me and they arrested my whole family for some reason ( me , my niece , my 2 brothers , and my ... - people who act gangster and wear huge clothes or whatever . - annoying couples who write extremely corny stuff on each others ' facebook walls all day . - people who say they don't like drama or ... hungry . i haven't had anything to eat yet today . radiohead - the national anthem i was looking up info about certain types with a friend . batman ( intj ) & iron man ( entp ) not an intp but : your existing situation needs excitement and constant stimulation . willingly participates in activities that are thrilling and offer adventure . your stress ... i do care about my image . i don't want people to think less of me than i think of myself . i don't care if people like me or not really , i just want everyone to know i'm the shit . pretty much this . no one really even goes on myspace anymore and i have no use for twitter , so i just have a facebook . dark midnight blue is what my favorite color is called apparently , but i like almost any shade of blue . midnight blue - wikipedia , the free encyclopedia phoenix - fences death cab for cutie - transatlanticism i think he's probably an infp . john mayer - vultures huge fan here . i can relate to a lot of his songs . i admire how confessional his music is and the fact that it has such a unique sound compared to most rap / hip-hop . i don't really look like any but i've gotten the smallville guy a few times . i'm pretty sure my mom was an enfp . i'ma go with house . '