' i'm not really embarrassed to like much . i could post backstreet boys , i want it that way , but i'll post an alternative song that masculine culture frowns upon , i guess . ... could take or leave the japanese ( or whatever it is ) , but these songs make me feel like i'm flying over an ocean city . ...  when i say ' research ' i don't mean anything scholarly . most of this ' research ' comes from general interaction with people and wikipedia . i didn't delve into the topic too much . intjs and entjs appear ... while listening to this song . i'm wondering because i'm an intj . from what i remember during my research a while ago , intps are the most similar to intjs , but one thing that differentiates them is that intps typically acquire ... free will doesn't exist . it was just made up like man made up god . based on current evidence , everything ought to be measurable and accounted for eventually . fmri can predict people's decisions a ... because of styles , people are separated . they are not united together because styles became laws . but the original founder of the style started out hypotheses , and now it has become the grospel ...  lawyersadvocate nice post ... yeah the thing is i don't know hot to make this supposed move because i've already recommended going on a date and also watching movies together ... does she just plain ... i just know people here aren't supposed to be good relationship types ... just wondering how you all feel about those games . i flirt with her already . i like her and we have a lot in common . today is ... but it's like i see everything she's doing when she's trying to bullshit me and piss me off . she's trying to hit my ego or challenge me and get a rise out of me . but i can see through it all lol . i ...  this is a good watch discerning which drugs are good and wich are bad , and taking advantage of all the good drugs , will greatly magnify the already strong analytical mind of the intj . so because some people disagree with me , i'm wrong ? that's ad populum fallacy for all of you logic lovers . george bush was popular once ... and then people got smart ( er ) . so i guess i have some waiting ... i'm having a hard time deciding if you're an idiot or trolling . but the only way this conversation is going to get anywhere is if you stop calling me an idiot , stop saying what i'm posting is ... uh k u trollin brah this video explains the fact ... but just in case you are too lazy to watch , i will sum up the view for you . your mind is constantly fed thoughts that you ... there is no choice . free will is an illusion . i missed your comment under the first cat video ... the fact that you ' dissed ' me by saying i'm high is hilarious to me . do you even know what pot is , how it affects the brain , or its purpose ? have you ... then how about you speak some words of wisdom lord garble ... just don't shit anymore cat garble in my topic , especially after implying that your life has any worth . i have a philosophy minor . i know what logic is . if you took the time to look at the page , then you would have your evidence . if you don't look at the page then you don't have evidence ... derp ... i don't care about ifps . i only have time to research my own type . the scientist , mastermind , etc interested in the big picture and collecting knowledge from one source to the next until he can apply ... my cause is based upon fact . if you're not onboard the fact movement then maybe you're the one that belongs over there . so keeping the board advertisement free for one topic which won't be a trendsetter is more important than freedom ? ! watch the joe rogan podcast with neil degrasse tyson . lots of bullshit detection ... get out . stranded on the high way . ( get it ? i'm sure you do ) funny thing is i'm a roadside assistance customer service rep . yeah it does but i guess if every government official / politician followed the law then people would never have to crack out the constitution in court . spiderman ... ' the fuck ? arizona republicans propose bill that would not allow atheists to graduate high school yeah , except the re-fuglycans and the authors of this article forgot one thing . swearing to god means nothing ... 1 . the legend of zelda 2 . resident evil 3 . grand theft auto 4 . the elder scrolls 5 . super mario 6 . red dead 7 . uncharted 8 . halo 9 . portal 10 . guitar hero decided to post this here since i'm considering law school . i'm a very analytical person and can see myself scoring well on the lsat especially if i put in a few months of preparation . but i don't ... this quote makes me remember there is truth in saying ' the possibilities are endless ' . there are so many ideas never thought of waiting to be discovered , we just have to think of them . and they can ... i could try that maybe well that sounds like a terrible life . who wants an empire with a 10 mile radius ? my hometown is terrible tho ... it's not coming back . had about 100,000 people 30-40 years ago and now it's down to ... because my thoughts are consumed much more by women than buttfucking men so my priority to fuck women is so high that i can't possibly take the time to be interested in anal sex with men . it's just ... lol no it wouldn't . not if u don't like it . but if u tell other people what to do with their bodies because you don't like it then that's closed minded . yeah i get it ... but i'd also rather be around people that make more sense or are at least are more accepting of people as a whole . it is just a label but i think it would at least have to be ... yeah i'll have to consider it but my first move will be here in michigan most likely , if not chicago . but i wanna stay somewhat close to home and then move farther away after . i like ann arbor ... yeah i'm thinking ann arbor , grand rapids , or dearborn , mi . hopefully i can get in with a good company , work my way up , and transfer to california . i say this because firstly , we're introverts , but also tend to be more individualistic too . but i feel like i'm sitting on a gold mine right now with about as much potential for life as anyone could ...  that sounds like me but i feel like i'm an intj . maybe having strong te gives me the confidence to know i'm right which gives me the motivation to spread my ideas because i see how wrong other ... and i suppose , if you want to , mention any entertainers in general . i wouldn't be surprised if there were a lot of intj comedians ... george carlin comes to mind ... especially in his later years . he ... '