' and he told me he is listeniby to the album he asked about and he is trying to get through the discography of my favorite artist . i thanked him for caring about music that means a lot to me and he ... i encouraged him to work on his music when we hung out . he is having trouble making it because of his living situation . today he sent me album art ideas , album title ideas , a poem and a 30 second ... same . i don't think it's the right time either . i think i get high from it but after awhile it makes me feel crazy and kinda ruminate which is unhealthy . thank you so much dude ! i think i explained that badly but he didn't actually being up past memories . what i meant was that he told me when we dated that he could be himself around me . and i'm just observing that he still ... if i could get more thoughts and opinions , especially from the people that told me he does not like me ... it would be great . i am still a little unsure . :( 650017 i did look pretty juicy yesterday just an update on my ex who i still have feelings for . i have other posts on our situation . we hung out for 8 hours yesterday . he drove 30 minutes to pick me up and bring us to hang at his house ... he has also told me that he is trying with our friendship . i got upset with him and told him that i am not a priority . that was unfair of me to say . he really is trying and i made him feel like his ... why do people keep telling me to cut ties when i have said that my instinct and heart are telling me not to . i refuse . so it's extremely patronizing to keep telling me that because it sounds like ... cognitive dissonance doesn't feel present in this situation for me . he told me he is open about talking about the past but i'm not ready yet . so that's on me , the closure stuff . but i am trusting my ... he does care about me . he told me when we started talking again . he is sweeter than any guy that i've met . i don't feel like i'm being toyed with to be honest . and usually i know when i am being ... he is inviting me over to his place to hang out in the evening :) wanting reassurance is completely fine . and if you read the posts youd know that i have multiple mental disorders . your post wasn't gentle and you didn't consider my feelings . i feel like i shouldn't have posted this . i feel worse from this honestly . i think it's a borderline thing . i know all of what everyone is suggesting and saying . and i'm not trying to push the advice ... thank you . i appreciate this . i am trying to be accepting . i am going crazy , but that's just a borderline thing . it is hard for me to stop ruminating and asking things over and over and over . it will ... okay . but i still think i have things to work on . i may have made him feel depressed . i wasn't making him happy that's for sure . but now i feel better so we have been happy around eachother . it won't ... wanting reassurance is not a bad thing . you are still being insensitive and invalidating . i have borderline personality disorder so my behaviors change . i understand deep down , but when my anxiety is prominent i will not see the light . i feel more reason minded . he told me he still feels ... i am so sure of not giving up but people keep trying to discourage me and i feel upset . the discouraging comments have no value to them and they are insensitive and close minded . i feel depressed and ... assuming how i will feel about him is ineffective . you can't just tell me how i am going to feel . if he has moved on , why is he behaving this way towards me ? he is still open to me . you are rude and inconsiderate and close minded . i did not ask an intp . you are insensitive and invalidating . and he has not told me he does not have feelings for me . things are still open . you are ... ugh i am really hurt by the discouragement . i ask that people stop that because it does not help me i am not giving up .. we still have to hang out and there is still unknowns . so stop giving me ... ugh ugh enfj lady that loves her ex boyfriend . howdy . we only dated for 4 months , but our connection was unreal . emotional connection because he is demisexual . so he broke up with me 6 months ago due to ... deleted threat because i do not like being discouraged . i do not like closeminded rude people . i think i responded okay ? also , i am sorry if that sounded critical . i definitely am sad that i have to wait longer to see you , but the most important thing to me is that you do what you need ... enfj here . maybe ? i'm not sure . i have multiple mental illnesses . every test i take comes out with a different answer . anyways , my ex is an infp . we are currently friends and he knows i still have ... i'm not sure what i am . i've had different ones each time i've taken tests . i have borderline personality disorder , anxiety , adhd and depression . i think i'm all over the place . is there any ... i don't have clarity on what i really am and it's bugging me . every test i take comes with a different one each time . does anyone have this problem ? yeah , i doubt you would ! neither would i . he just needs to figure his sense of value as a person by himself ( or with some professional help ) . if you guys get together though , my advise is you can ... sorry forgot to explain . when my ex-cheated one me . i assumed it was my fault or something wrong with me , hence a character flaw with me . ( not with her ) this was totally unhealthy and illogical ... if he knows you have feelings for him and he hasn't told you how he feels back , he's not feeling it . i really do agree with tryingtodobetter about writing a letter and telling him exactly how you're ... what if he will be too nervous and scared to tell me ? he knows we have a friendship . he wants me in his life and as a friend , but he also knows that i still have feelings . i know he doesn't want a ... i will next time ! sorry ! how does not feeling worthy of someone correlate with the fear of being cheated on again ? i'm really sorry ! i didn't think about it when i was typing . haha . he got therapy for a bit but stopped going , it may have been for financial reasons . i wanna see if he could get medicare to cover it ... he knows i have feelings for him . i think it's too soon for a letter of affection . i'm also 22 so lol . same but my post is super overwhelming lol it has crossed my mind but i am afraid if i do it too soon that it would scare him away or have him become distant i am sorry that it's overwhelming to read . i know . he told me i reminded him of his ex before he started having feelings for me , so idk if that changes anything . i think he meant it in an artistic ... i don't know if i'm officially friendzoned yet . but i'm not giving up on him ! hello . this is going to be just ... reckless babble ... because i am so overwhelmed by uncertainty and unknowns that it's hard for me to articulate this in a relaxed manner . some things may be ... '