' ia , ia , gentlemen fhtagn ! pokemon worship the old ones ! capitian cool or admiral awesome . i ate a pizza topped with cold chicken . it's surprisingly good . by years , do you mean aeons ? if not , i am waaay over the age here . i am 20 aeons old . now that you mention it , i do have the uncontrollable urge to eat cultists . i'd try to open an inter-dimensional portal between heaven , hell , r'lyeh , and the rest of the non-euclidean dimensions . then i'd sit back and watch the show . you need the computer for spellcheck . i am fluent in both english and the abhorrent language of the old ones . he believes in too many conspiracy theories ( nwo ) , he doesn't accept evolution or climate change , and he wants to end the epa . he has some good ideas , but not enough to overturn the bad ideas he has . but wouldn't all the energy in a singularity just instantly turn into matter again ? or would it destroy the black hole completely , kind of like a mini big-bang ? what happens when an antimatter black hole falls into a normal matter black hole of the same mass ? she is a troll . it's pretty obvious to anyone besides / b / tards and youtubers . i have dreams of unspeakable horrors . and ponies . and unspeakable , horrifying ponies . puns , especially bad ones . deadpan humor hidden refrences humanity's inability to see the cosmic horrors lurking beyond it's collective consciousness . the planet may be warming up naturally , but there is no denying that sucking up dead algae , and digging up dead plants from the carboniferous era , which was one of the warmest times in earth's ... i mean both the original and peter jackson's version . i am from the u . s . , but i plan to move to r'lyeh soon . king kong . i like the stance that giant monsters aren't pure evil . when life gives you lemons , you realize that you don't need to buy them . thanks , life ! necrothreading is the best king of threading : laughing : everythings going to be destroyed in the big crunch , so why bother doing anything ? unspeakable horror . i plan to return the old ones to power . i've always imagined living in an underground city , too bad there are none . it would be improbable for there not to be alien life out there . they could be hyper advanced or pseudo-bacteria . they could be vicious warmongers 100 times worse than us . what i am sure of is that ... i find them adorable . ok , maybe not that adorable i feel out of place , i'm not very good at math . but i think the greatest concept i've ever heard is that there might be infinite existences , and in those existences infinite universes . this is all ... i love any color that comes from a glowing source . i love all colors of luminescence . parties bore me to death . at least parties which most people find normal bore me to death , that is . anything over 9000 the military is like pandora's box . once you open it , it will remain for the foreseeable future . my only gripe with the military is war crimes , officers ' god complex , and the money it siphons from ... wow , this thread has over 9000 replies . 2 words : corpse explosion i remain ignorant of these higher powers , because realization of their existence drives humans to insan-ia dagon ! ia hydra ! ia cthulhu ! i have a fear of non-euclidean geometry . randomness is an illusion , caused by leprechauns feeding sasquatch nazi-o's breakfast cereal . horror movies look like my little pony when you open up terrifying vistas of reality , and view humanity's impending spiral into insanity , and eventually death . considering the fact that most of those people don't even know of the existence of mbti , yet alone join forums , this doesn't suprise me at all . this is the main problem with societies puritan work ethic . we have the automation to do most manual labor , and our computer programs are becoming better , which eliminates some of the hard science , ... 1/3 rd dragon , 1/3 rd man , 1/3 rd octopi , and variable height . i usually go insane from the revelation . i like me . so does my cult . hello , i'm chris hansen , why don't you take a seat no , i don't smoke . i don't want to waste my meth money on cancer sticks . this board reminds the great cthulhu to avoid eating internet trolls , and skin them alive instead . snake oil salesman . break your finger . the pain should keep you awake . i always thought intps are best represented by the humble sponge . we are porous , hollow , feed on bacteria by filtering water through our bodies , and we can be used as cleaning utensils how can you be happy when the great old ones are going to reclaim the earth and wipe out humanity ? the stars are almost right ... tell me about it . there is much forbidden knowledge that opens up terrifying vistas of reality , a reality humans are too insignificant to understand . you would either go insane from the revelation , ... '