' today at work i suddenly realize that this one girl at work reminded me of the first girl i ever loved in high school ( she ’ s the only one i have ever loved ) . but didn ’ t work out . ( we probably ... hmmm that ’ s a tricky question ... because how they treat their friends can be confused with how they treat their romantic partners , since they are just all so nice ” around all their friends in ... an isfp that is willing to have deep conversations with you and at the same time talks about “ meeting the right person ” , really strikes me as an isfp simply treating the relationship as “ friends ” and ... ok so although there is different enneagram / types of isfp ( i personally think the enneagram is a bit gimmicky ) but anyways . taking myself for an example you can tell an isfp “ likes ” you not ... i don ’ t know about other isfp but i ’ d think isfp would like books with pictures such as comics or mangas over novels . so yea any marvel comic , or naruto and bleach manga would be a few suggestions i really don't think the people you met are esfp's , my brother is an esfp but he is very nice and accepting , he doesn't like to argue and making a big deal out of nothing is the last thing you'd ... i hate it when they start moving away . sometimess when somebody does that , i just say fuck it , if this is how you wanna play then you aren't with my time but i kinda like the push and pull ... when you do well without much practice it is called “ talent i think you are interpreting “ practicing “ in your own way . of course isfp ’ s often say “ fuck practice i ’ ll learn while doing the real thing . ” but still that is still considered “ practice ” ... yea ... i didn ’ t quite get what the question means what is “ evilness ? ” . when somebody does something evil don ’ t they usually think they are doing something “ righteous ” ? at least in their heads ? ... well if you value feelings and being emotional then chances are that you aren ’ t an intp . from my experience and what i ’ ve been told by intp ’ s themselves , i have to say that they don ’ t care about ... you could be mistyped . i agree it is very stereotypical . if going by my own definition of feminine and masculine i ’ d say i fit both categories but probably feminine more yes but like all relationships , the general rules apply . attractiveness unless you are an n who donx 92t give a fuck about looks there is a lot more factors that comes in when you talk about manipulation . if we are talking about emotionally manipulative , then attractive introverts would be very good at it . story of my life . way more than 5-10 btw . even though i am isfp male . i agree that words mean typically mean very little to us , but occasionally some words can be mixed with actions that can make me very emotional . occasionally some ... thanks ill get back to you tomorrow , i ’ m really tired now . ehhh you remind me of ixim ... ok whatever you say man . hey guys i just wanted to point out that in the “ last naruto movie ” hinata shows fi - dom as clear as day . some people say hinata is an infp but i ’ d have to say that in this movie which is ... not all of them are thinking methods . therex 92s a shit load of things wrong with this post . and also , the author uses really bad sources such as x93 iq testx 94 and x93mbti populations both is weak thanks man i would appreciate it if you don ’ t post in any of my threads . you are fucking retarded and i honestly don ’ t know want any of that nonsense here . ( you are of course free to do whatever you want , ... how is that the key lol . so if i see someone being out going and awl ways having a lot of fun , then i think he is esfp , but then i remind myself “ not to associate stereotypes with types . ” now ... not bad , is more clear / straight forward but not sure if i would call it more accurate than tyanamiros . thanks . gtg to sleep it ’ s 2:00 am , cya tomorrow . edit : maybe tyanamiros is more ... best one so far . enfj is really accurate lol , my cousin is always telling me shit and saying “ it ’ s for your own good ” and i ’ m like “ yea ok ” . gets annoying sometimes lol . and yea isfp fits me ... you forgot enfj . name each type and the most obvious sign to tell you that they are that type in real life . i am going to use this , so please take it seriously . what i said was common sense lol nothing genius here , you make it sound like i had an good argument or something lol . and again , nobody said anything about iq being intelligence , or intelligence ... intelligence is subjective so that ’ s why i gave it a definition of my own “ stereotypical intelligent ” , which is what most people think of when they hear the word “ intelligent ’ . nobody said ... the nt ’ s are obviously smarter ( stereotypically defined ) than isfp ’ s , but that mainly has to do with that fact that they enjoy knowledge . we usually all eventually end up being at least average or ... astrology is for nut jobs , if you believe that shit you are retarded end of story . ok so i work at an restaurant and itx 92s amazing how fast i feel drained while working there . itx 92s really an extroverted environment therex 92s a ton of people and for some reason i just feel drained ... you made a lot of assertions in there . whether or not introversion / extroversion share the same aversion for mainstream i ’ d rather call that a grey area since every human is unique . but i think ... we think we are superior for the same reason that every human thinks that they are superior in some way . and you can ’ t compare any of this because everyone ’ s values are different . introverts ... well the reason i can ’ t do conversations with people is because i can ’ t think of anything to say . there ’ s always a reason for social anxiety , whether it is because you think you are fat , ugly , low ... from my experience this has nothing to do with the mbti . my cousins says he is a enfj but ix92m not too sure about it , anyhow he is definitely not an isfp . and he does the exact same thing , he ... ok smart one . you a genius , congratulations you win the internet ok so i noticed that a big part of me being awkward is because i ’ m scared about what others think of me ( and not knowing what to talk about but that ’ s why i ’ m posting this question :) but i realize ... i don ’ t know it ’ s really hard to say really ... i ’ m pretty sure my little brother is esfp 13 year old . country girls are fucking stupid no way all esfp ’ s are country girls if that ’ s what you are saying . but yea i think there ’ s a difference ... unless they are grading you on creativity skills , troubleshooting , hacking , gaming , philosophical / critical thinking etc ... then itx 92s pretty much memorization lol . ap students are just the cocky arrogant kids who think they are genetically smart but when in reality it ’ s all about memorization ( all grades is about memorization . ) to all you ap students : you ... algorithmics i really don ’ t get how an intp would be interested in isfp ’ s , isfp ’ s are usually dumb as fuck when it comes to intp type intelligence ( which is it stereotypical type of intelligence ... i find it almost impossible to troll a troll , mainly because they are already in on the game . they have already shut down all their feelings because they know they are playing the game of “ trolling ” ... it ’ s pretty much what frequinologist ’ s first post said i had this kind of thing happen to me before in 9th grade i was in 10th grade , i don ’ t really know if i ’ d describe the other girl as ... there ’ s always that rule that no matter what the type , you can ’ t troll a troll . trolling methods does not have to do with any type . imo all people love to troll . only thing i do agree on is usernames are not fun fe makes it least likely to troll '