' i think i agree with yudkowsky that rationality , defined as a method , requires more than abstractly following the steps of formal logic . raw logic itself need not make reference to real life ... completely disagree with the second sentence . we spend our whole lives trying to understand how other people make decisions and determine if those were good or bad decisions . ( it's probably why we ... it's a little hard to say . if i'd ever seen video of him , rather than just read his writing , i feel like i could fill in some gaps , especially i / e . you just kind of assume that someone like that has ... i think the basis for judging the rationality of an action is more or less just judging the argument / line of reasoning behind the action ( actual or perceived ) . which is complicated , especially when ... i do sometimes stay up until the sun comes up , and on a semi-regular basis . any hour is easy for me , since i don't have trouble adjusting my sleep schedule . but i just as often work those same ... both . like to be up ' til 12-1 am , like to be awake at 6-7 am . often alternate to get more like 8 hours of sleep , but when i'm disciplined enough i end up feeling more refreshed by getting about 6 hours . i really like how it is . it's a simple way to express that someone made a contribution you appreciated , without cluttering threads with i agree posts or turning every contentious post into a ... i'm also really curious how other people feel about the accuracy of the results they got , much more than i want to know what the results themselves are . ( people will inevitably just post some version ... these are the types that correlate with my big 5 results ( the aggregate results of more in-depth big 5 tests i've taken , which suggest that i'm high in o and c and low in e , a and n ) . i've ... ah , because reckful has just been posting on the subject , i found the original post that really cleared up my thinking on this some time ago . can't thank reckful enough for all his work here ... yeah , i haven't found anything in the cognitive functions that isn't an overcomplicated overreaching version of something we can understand by the way the four preferences combine . it just muddles ... if you're dealing with people who have fairly serious problems and are resistant to advice ... then yeah , any advice is probably inevitably going to cause them emotional pain , even if it is part of a ... learning something new and useful . discovering new concepts or frameworks i hadn't considered before that make a lot of sense and can potentially change the way i think about things . having or ... jeez , i didn't see very many new movies last year . i'll try to order the ones i did . arrival - 9.5 / 10 . solid sci fi concept , solid acting , excellent cinematic atmosphere , thoroughly fascinated ... i think the last new film i saw was edge of seventeen . it was all right , i'd pretty much see woody harrelson in anything at this point . mostly it felt like it retread of a lot of stuff , like daria ... i don't really want the specific question i brought up to be derailed by actual arguments which would be better placed in the debate subforum etc . that said , and while i'm not sure what your ... love the scientific approach , more personally interested in history , economics , politics , psychology , literature and ethics / philosophy . although i should point out , i am pretty averse to ... my explanation for the intelligence association would be that altogether intjs are inclined towards developing their rationality in particular ( which goes a long way in bringing out the full ... i give everyone the benefit of the doubt , and try to understand where they're coming from . i'm a skeptical but not suspicious person . at the same time , i'm not overtly nice or nurturing , except to ... god it's annoying being voted down on reddit for a thoroughly reasoned comment which contributed several points to the discussion , in a subreddit where downvotes are supposed to be reserved for ... this is where i think the tumblr school of function analysis tends to confuse people and distract from the actual psychological observations and cognitive processes which we can link with mbti . at ... no , you can live in the moment intuitively . it means your intuition is based on the here and now rather than the internal world . this is where information collection comes in - - s for primarily ... i agree , that is really solid advice for persuading people without just falling into the same rhetorical traps that confuse reasoning faculties in the first place . my question was more for how to ... introversion / extroversion isn't best characterised as primarily about how you take in information , especially according to all the studies of introversion / extroversion psychology which link well with ... i think poverty is something that any compassionate person has to be ready to approach with thorough reasoning and some knowledge of economics , if they want to make the situation better . i know a ... i think roughly : entp , intj , intp , infj , entj . i can imagine there'd be individual sensors that i'd get along with really well , etc . , but in general these seem like the most obvious ... i feel like this will sound ... intellectually arrogant as a complaint , but i expect nts in particular will relate to the kind of frustration i'm talking about , since they're more likely to be very ... oh hey , that was quite an old post ! funny to come back to the site today . yeah , my impression was that she's an nfp , not sure which , since she seems to be drawn to people and excitement but at the ... intj . for the most part , my favourites involve long-term strategy and management . long games of civilization v , or relaxing with harvest moon . when i just want to de-stress , i like big sandbox games ... i'm not sure i see the connection between that anecdote and an unconscious effect that you / intjs have on a group . am i missing something ? someone disruptive made a complaint about the noise you ... introverts can't universally take people or leave them . some introverts have a difficult time handling intense social situations . for that matter , some extroverts aren't social butterflies , but are ... i think the most fundamental step is realising that this emotional response is happening , and acknowledging that it's irrational . every time you can recognise those thoughts , acknowledge them and let ... have you considered just asking her in a no-pressure way if she'd like to go out on a date , just do something fun together ? if you're comfortable with each other , it shouldn't be hard to find a way ... first thing that comes to mind is that i really liked the true blood opening , of all things . it was distinctive and made the show look a lot smarter than it was . the choice not to actually show any ... first thing that comes to mind is that i really liked the true blood opening , of all things . it was distinctive and made the show look a lot smarter than it was . the choice not to actually show any ... you're too critical / you criticise things because you're mean-spirited . you take this too seriously . you're putting in more effort than you need to . you're not upset about this because ... sjs , although pretty much just esxjs . kindness i can go without . if you put something like decency , idealism or ethics i might have a hard time choosing , but kindness , like niceness , can be this false useless thing that glorifies ... esfp . type most likely to be the first person to step on mars ? both , alternating . sometimes i like staying up and having long quiet periods of getting work done until just before the sun comes up . other times i like waking up with the sun after just five or six ... i disagree that the proposed traits of aspergers are just int traits . for one thing , i personally know several people diagnosed with aspergers / autism spectrum disorders who are istjs . but for ... i don't really have that kind of trouble . i don't get any satisfaction out of anticipating things like that in advance , so i don't think consciously about what'll happen next or how it'll end if i ... i might not have internet for several weeks . i shall miss this place . probably . see you in the new year ! i can imagine people wanting to date me the same way i can fathom wanting to date people ; most people won't be to my tastes and i won't be to theirs , but i'm interested in basically the same things ... hit and miss , especially recently . there was an innocence about the earlier seasons that really added to the shock humour , whereas now it's too self-aware to have the same effect . i think one ... i was definitely at least as introverted as i am now . i was painfully shy and extremely insular . i remember being in my head a lot , having big ideas , trying to realise my ideas in the real world ... my room is neglected . every few months i look at the bare walls and remember that i forgot to put up posters or pictures since i moved in a year and a half ago . for a few minutes , it bothers me that ... a lot of my favourite characters are pretty much intjs . ozymandias ( watchmen ) , daria , i'd argue homura akemi ( and probably kyuubey ) from puella magi , wednesday addams , gendo ikari , trevor goodchild ... i think of toph as an istp , mostly because she's so independent , being alone and doing her own thing is her natural state . you can see how uncomfortable she is in many social situations because she's ... what about istjs ? i've known several people with asperger's and autism spectrum disorders who were confirmed istj , and most individuals that i come across strike me as much more s than n , in terms of ... '