' in six letters : ne vs ni a lion does not ask for permission before he eats a zebra . lions cannot talk and zebra will not listen . the breakdown of the problem is : - intensity because fewest can cope with it in its purest form and even if they do , it generates unwanted side-effects - deepness of feelings because rare are the ... i enjoyed reading your story but i just love the conclusive question terminology : i've catched in my net , i had to re-read it again : 1 ) he made you fall in love 2 ) you could not deal with ... estj - enneagram 8w7 8w7 granting him with instinct - which is misinterpreted as intuition . not only cool to listen to but watch too : not only cool to listen but watch too : upfront and to rectify a dogma of our society : in the reference book encyclopedia of wars from authors charles philipps & alan axelrod , out of 1763 listed wars in history of humanity , 123 i . e . less ... xsfjs are often background noise to me . especially when a conversation goes down to fe input . esfjs are great enhancers though : taking ideas & concepts , combining / enhancing them and make ... the distance was just an excuse to let you down . it was just too easy to get your heart and blow your mind away . the moment he knew he had already won , he was wondering : wait mate ! where was the ... you read the messages with the wrong lense : it is a mere fata morgana in your eyes and a sign of downturn in his . not sure you want to trade roles on that one . would be sad if we only had cynical terminator-like extjs around ;) as long as you still believe afterwards in what you said while being carried away , there ain't nothing wrong with it . i have difficulties seeing the point of this poll or much rather its result analysis i . e . possible correlation , witnessing the mixed-up questions . pm me - it's my domain of expertise . will be pleased to provide you with guidance . no - i just wanted to point-out the delicate way , although a bit obvious , you put that pitch together . je vous remercie pour le temps que vous m'avez consacré . nous n'ennuierons pas votre chenile plus longtemps , donc , messieurs ... mesdemoiselles ... je prends congé de vous et vous dis ... adieu ! i am not a big fan of napoleon and there are more flattering paintings of him but nice try . the magic with entps : you do not even need to throw a ball at them :) good sales pitch ! pride comes before fall , entps fall before pride . if you have many of those trees , you might want to go from tree to tree i . e . up the chain , you will realize to 95 % that the tree to be chopped and rolling is the one of the chairman / ceo . and the ... the true match depends on one's core values & motivations or to put it in m & a terms : are you able to achieve a close-to-perfect alignment of interests ? angela merkel - a person who claims it's for your own good , while you get every piece of evidence speaking against it . don't be crazy , it just doesn't make sense - you sound like angela are you saying xsfps have remained stuck in stone age ? ;) with isfps - at least mature ones - i arrive to same logical conclusions . the only difference being that they can't tell about the what ... thanks - will add those to my blacklist . what a waste of isfjs : the battle of thermopylae was over . leonidas and his 300 spartans all lay dead , as did the 700 thespians who had stood by them . the persian dead were said to number around ... nope but would you mind moving out of my sight ? persians are getting impatient . ... short-medium range : sig 552 - commando or sig 553 sb meritocraty is such a lonely word . if this discussion was a fight , you would already be toothless as long as it's not mine ;) i have an african male friend ( isfj ) who tried several times to hold my hand when we were having a walk ... i understand it's a proof of friendship over there but it's ... i do not expect anyone to wear whatsoever ( as long as it's decent ) and certainly not heels . if a woman thinks heels give her super-powers or not - she's right . btw - to the cuddling squad ... you could argue that about pretty much every piece of ornament then - starting with women's armament . at the end , i do not care if you wear a jean / t-shirt or a suit , what counts is how much ... i dislike wearing suits . receptionist : did you come to fix the electrical problem ? me : no , i have an appointment with your managing director : cool : rivulet my main point was and still is that infps are too much sweetness and in a too explicit way to be material for relationship - to me personally . despite making little sparks when getting ... i was thinking of sweet but going through your list , i would add boring . and that's why i usually don't intervene on infp threads . it ends-up like hitting moles : what would you associate with honey ? indeed . russia has means to bark - germany ( and eu generally ) hasn't . si vis pacem , para bellum it's like having honey for breakfast , lunch and dinner : bored : if you want to have the right to bark , you should have the means to bite ( to a ukrainian friend about politics - 2015 : germany scrapped / sold 90 % of its tanks - russia got 1,200 delivered ) do you wish to be great ? then begin by being . do you desire to construct a vast and lofty fabric ? think first about the foundations of humility . the higher your structure is to be , the deeper must ... estp sub-forum - the most empty place around ; probably filled with mistyped fellows .  agree on the color , disagree on the model , i would go for the cayman gt4 - way cheaper and it should be located in germany ; otherwise we could as well share a toyota prius ... btw - is it me or is ... when your friends speak about the car of their dreams , while you are working on getting it . when the person reminding you constantly about it sounds like that istj accountant you worked once with . humility , magnanimity ( greatness of soul , great-hearted ) , cardinal virtues ( prudence , justice , temperance , courage ) '