' at first , it was pure envy . brother graduates high school in top 10 percent , and i'm barely getting a's in middle school regular classes . also pure spite . a girl who left me in the dust was in ap ... look , i respect enthusiasm and personal weight , but there comes that point where lectures become her excuse to vent about injustice and politics . we get you don't like trump and racism , now can you ... i'm liking this post purely because someone needs to tell this to my mexican american history teacher . sorry , carry on . thanks for the resource . i wanna have confidence that something drastic wont happen , but her emotional ventings never sound comforting so this is good to have just in case . passive aggression . if it gets to that level , i wont stand for that shit . if she threatens suicide , i'm just going to walk away after expressing my disapproval . her life is in her hands after that . i'm fully aware of ... she did cbt . she doesn't go much anymore , though , from what i found out . who is saying things are equal ? fair point . yeah . i'm being very careful about telling her what to do and am fine with doing emotional support . i also do occasionally let her know that i'm always there to listen . never heard of that specifically . for now , i think general counseling can help alleviate any anxieties about herself and the future . she already has therapy . she attends therapy for her depression , but that's the most she can do . counseling sounds like a good recommendation , though . ultimately , i think her moving away from her family will do her ... so i have this one infj friend who's in her senior year in high school . she has depression , attempted suicide at least once in her life time , and has unhealthy religious parents who either neglect , ... so i have this one infj friend who's in her senior year in high school . she has depression , attempted suicide at least once in her life time , and has unhealthy religious parents who either neglect , ... well to clarify , i was just joking and wasn't making a point by saying what i said . just trying to bounce off of ikusagami for shits and giggles . you do you , though . you probably made the better ... i think we're all trolls in our own punch first ask later way . this is the part where i add the : tongue : right ? yeah . that's one of the ways i thought about when it came to tackling the concept . it kind of is about sides if that's your mentality . one side that's right , and one side that's wrong . but that's semantics . look , we get it . gender roles are dumb . now there are many ways to how ... ah . honestly , i get where the females here are coming from . i remember being made fun of and ignored because my positive masculine traits weren't well developed growing up . wasn't athletic , wasn't ... what's the end goal of this thread again ? i feel it's lost in between the i'm oppressed stuff and the no you're not stuff . i think we all agree that gender roles are kind of dumb . one side sees ... can't spell essay without ass . blech . that was an uncomfortable assignment . individual circumstances . teeth probably do look more confident and outgoing than stoically staring at the camera . i was also curious about the event . it looks formal . casual formal at least . another college question . how much sleep do / did you people get ? i swear i've seen something similar to this in the dark knight . what occasion was it that made you smile ... if it works for you , then it works for you . i'm going to see where i go with my method and am willing to adjust within different classes . as long as i sit close to the professor , then i'm good . ... i get ya . the issue for me is that i'm planning to transfer after freshman , but i'll write this down so when i do transfer , i have initiative .  ... i only see overcommitment if you can't make it work . will reply later to college advice when given a computer . mobile perc sucks in my opinion . double post alright . thanks for clarifying . * cautiously unthanks * i thought you were saying entjs finger the asses , and that people under them appreciates it despite the discomfort . i think that's very sweet . i mean , sorry you had such negative experiences with those people . really , the bully doesn't sound good at all . that being said , you still have to grow out of those five year old habits from what ... well you're not better for doing it . i recommend just turning back . i don't see this going anywhere good for you . now you just jabbed entjs in their appreciation thread . congrats . you did what you just denied . first , i agree with the op . second , i find it possible to be proud of oneself without accomplishing anything that would earn the attention of a country . i'm proud to be myself because i grew up ... in the same post you reference , the user clearly indicates that it's for jokes and is not seriously typist . pet peeves ? well , do you know when you play chess and don't see the bishop's line of trajectory until it's too late ? i don't think in terms of morals . to me , there are three people : there are the people i care about , the people that are merely there , and the people that are assholes . one person can switch between ... i seem to appear as the person who takes advantage of others more so than they take advantage of me . no one seems willing to physically want something from me other than my time for simple small ... thanks y'all . i'm applying what's said to my habits , and i'm more organized and focused because of it . do any of you have study tips for dense college courses like biology ? i like to think i'm selfless i'm selfless with service , not goods . if i can give you my time to benefit people , sure . i don't do it with strangers , but with people who i know who are willing to put ... i've had the i never said that / yes you did ? on both ends . usually , i just try to jog memory by recalling situations or with evidence if it's text based . i have this ability to call it off or ... i'm the type who doesn't really give the needy money anymore . like , charity organizations are one thing for me . charity itself is another . if i pay the homeless man one dollar here , what's stopping ... i respect the entjs i've constantly interacted with or read from on this site . you know those ones . stawker ikusagami fumetsu duo bigjake 111 msbossypants mr canis handsome jack ... civility is merely a set of guidelines , and it's a rather subjective one at that . back in the 1700s , you would call out duo improper for having an opinion , let alone , talking back to a man . what's ... totally . getting into an interesting and respectful discussion over a topic , and explaining our opinions and thoughts over what it means ? fun and engaging . arguing our opinions like facts until ... i told someone to fuck off when i was 12 because they mooched off my lunch money . never went back . yeah . i edited my post with logic and walking away because i would let the result of my strategy speak for the rest of the thread . i wasn't going to get into a long and spiteful forum debate ... '