' my eyes can either look blue , green , or grey depending on what i'm wearing i'm an infp ocean blue , emerald green , bright yellow usually i'm a night owl with all the schoolwork i've had to do lately though , i'd probably be both : crazy : i just don't get enough sleep period . i procrastinate way too much through the day , so i ... hmm .. i really like esfp , isfp , and other infps ooh , i like fml too . and this one : postsecret whoa . xd that's awesome lol i'm not in any closet , i'm hanging out on the moon with the other infp's : wink : : crazy : sry it was hard to find a pic good choice though , it looks alot like where i live too ( except much warmer than it is here now :d ry :) lol , not at all : crazy : helloquizzy.com : the late bird . helloquizzy.com : the professional hmm .. actually , i get pretty depressed if i stick with the same routine for too long . i agree with surreal though , if everything changed at once , that would be scary yeah , he's old : tongue : so what ? oh , and i should have posted this too : huh ? ? : confused : i don't get : - why everybody thinks george clooney is hot - why people actually pay for the snuggie or shamwow - those candies that are supposed to taste like soap i know there's ... not like an alergy or anything , just alot of food i don't eat because i don't like it i don't like chewing gum or ketchup for example , which probably makes me pretty weird : crazy : awe , that sucks : sad : haha okay , i guess i'm going to have to try it to see then , even if its gross . salad with no dressing ? : shocked : lol i can't eat that , i always have italian vinaigrette ahaha , okay that's what everbody else says too . does it taste like anything else ? or just gross ? lol i've still never tried blue cheese : mellow : medium / sharp cheddar , pepper jack , feta ohh , and does cheesecake count ? :p roud : type 1 perfectionism | | 54 % type 2 helpfulness | | 84 % type 3 image focus | | 54 % type 4 hypersensitivity | 68 % type 5 detachment ... lol i'd be in havenpaw too : laughing : ahaha : ) so did i ! oh , except i don't remember if it was an audition or just a contest . i was only like 4 years old lol i'll listen to pretty much anything , but if i had to pick genres they would be : punk rock reggae / reggaeton anything sweet & romantic :p roud : i'm such a girly girl : crazy : the only genre i ... * hugs * sorry that ever happened to you : unsure : 1 . i am really sensitive to colour.if i see certain colour that i don't like , it actually really bothers me 2 . i am in love with all suspenseful movies <3 3 . people think that because i smile ... ok , i googled it , apparently she's an infj well , at least it's close : blushed : anyways , i kind of phrased that badly . i didn't mean to say she's an infp for sure , just that she has some infp-ish ... hmmm ... maybe mulan ? i think she could be an infp thnx ! : happy : the song you posted is really good too , i've never heard it before . anyways , right now i'm listening to this one : youtube - sara bareilles - vegas and i was just listening to ... ahaha , i do too ! : cool : lol , i'm definately a child at heart . i still can never sleep on christmas eve because i'm always so excited for christmas : blushed : hehe youtube - fail during an infomercial youtube - man plays mario kart with real motorists in france these are kind of cool :p roud ::  : sad : * hugs * i feel your pain . i think my boyfriend is an estj too , and i really like him . but sometimes i think we're so different it can be hard to understand each other i wish i knew how to ... arctic monkeys - brianstorm game rules ` 1 ] put your music player on shuffle . 2 ] for each question , press next . 3 ] record the names of the songs . if someone says is this okay you say : pain - 3 days grace what would ... just saw taken with a friend dont go see it it was so corny : crazy : [ quote = surreal breakfast ; 28890 ] [ color =D arkgreen ] oh sh * * , it wasn't even on that wikipedia list , i think that some other very good movies are missing from it too ... a couple years ago , i had given up in a way . i was stuck around a group of people who didn't really understand me , and i needed change , but i didn't go looking for it . i just let myself fade ... haha i haven't seen that one before : crazy : ahaha is being cheap an infp thing ? i have that problem too : wink : i just loaded some paintings that i finished a while ago to my profile page . i've only taken beginner classes , but i don't think ... artist : happy : anybody else here who likes painting ? agh that happens to me all the time : confused : or ill get up to do something and get so caught up thinking about other things that i actually forget what i was supposed to be doing in the first place u are definitely not the only one , that is so much like me ill text people , and then decide that my text isn't good enough , delete and re-type it a couple of times before i actually send it : tongue : definitely hockey ! but i'm canadian so i'm biased lol : tongue : ahaha yeah people always assume i'm innocent my friend told me the other day you're the nicest person i've ever met , but the day you get mad at someone , the world is probably going to explode ... <3 33 suspenseful movies , the ones with twist endings and all that good stuff : happy : - seven pounds - the sixth sense - the secret window oh and btw i liked stranger than fiction too : ) i'm glad ... '