' creme de la earl grey tea . so delicious it could be food . i really want to have a serious discussion about feelings in this relationship i am so jealous of this . that is true , however , an sp senses the world around them with more relaxed tendencies which with drug use , could lead to an almost euphoric state for oneself . i do agree with you on the t vs f . i feel like an esfp would . extrovert , as you stated would be more likely in my mind . i think the s or in could go either way for different reasons , but an fp would be more likely to experiment in ... i dreamed my brother died and my boss wouldn ’ t let me take any time off work . it was actually very depressing . i woke up actually thinking he was gone and i thought , well that sucked . because people are assholes . thanks for the pictures everyone , now leftover moussaka doesn't seem so amazing . you begrudgingly go out to a party , only to regret your decision 5 minutes in . to be alone watching netflix with a glass of scotch . when feerlers ' make you out to be a heartless sociopath , when in reality you're just a realist . i never know how to act around children . i'll look at a 2 year old and converse with him how i would an 20 year old . my soft spot's with animals , i could be around them all day ( minus snakes ) . at work , not wanting to work . intj degree was in psychology but i got bored . certificate in auto mechanics but i got bored again . current : accounting how can people actually look at a baby and think it's cute . entp skyrim , still . interstellar , looper , dredd . the king of kong : a fistful of quarters i've changed my mind 4 times regarding career paths . went to school for english literature right after high school . changed to psychology after 1 year . went into auto mechanics after 3 years of psyc , ... intj . i love a wide variety of music , i have everything from top 40 , folk , classic rock , rap , electronic , movie themes , and disney on my ipod . my favourites however , whom i always go back to ... ... i love this . could not have said it better . tinker tailor soldier spy definitely one of my favourite movies , it helps that every actor in that movie is absolutely fantastic . my version of working . thin ice - pink floyd doctor who sherlock game of thrones walking dead sons of anarchy i've never actually watched buffy so i started that up on netflix recently . i just can't seem to get away from playing skryim . i'll put in assassins creed and play for 10 min and think nope ! not skyrim . i can usually play grand turismo 5 for an hour then put skyrim back in . i have about 5 books on the go : dantes ' - divine comedy george r . r martin - a clash of kings h . g wells - in the days of the comet bill bryson - a short history of nearly everything the bedside ... this . 1 . before you came to this ' ere site - were you happy with your life ? did you think you were happy , but on reflection , probably weren't ? where would you be now if you hadn't discovered mbti ? i ... personal ~ * name - kate - any nicknames - slider * female location - born and raised in vancouver , canada . if i could , i would buy the first ticket to norway . age - i'm 24 years old . i ... '