' i think the experience you described is incredible . in your mothers time of complete vulnerability , you were completely there for her . i think that is exactly what she needed , and your sensibilities ... i actually know quite a few intjs . younger brother : he's rather neurotic , but only because of some fear of being vulnerable . he's a varsity baseball player and he's actually getting some ... i am majoring in math . specifically math education . i like how objective mathematics is . i have gotten very very tired of catering to english and history professors opinions . there is none of that in ... keep on keepin on ! it's decidedly postmodern , which is difficult to find in film and i really love that aspect about it . on the other hand , it seems like a bunch of spoon-fed ideas from philosophy lectures that i would ... from a functioning standpoint , i believe introverted feeling as our dominating occupation seems to affect a lot of us into coming off as sensitive , complacent and weak . many infps seem to help others ... oh lawds . yeah i was talking about phillip lol ! lol i'm trying to think of fry as a hero in a classicist context and i can totally see where your coming from . his story is truly an epic . my mom is enfj and my dad is estp . for the most part , they encouraged me to think independently and to be myself . i have two other introverted brothers ( istj and intj ) so my parents don't see me as ... walt whitman george harrison the current dalai lama noam chomsky there's more i'm sure hah ! hey i agree :D . it's impossible to type all of humanity into 16 types and i think all of this is just pseudo-science anyways . nevertheless , it is a good tool to help critically analyze yourself and ... i think that love as american hallmark co . culture defines it has implications of divinity and i'm an atheist . on the other hand i'm obsessed with my girlfriend and i want to spend every waking ... harry truman lol ! i notice people try to but i'm good at keeping things like that level . i think growing up with two brothers and being the middle child probably helped in this case . checks and balances yo ! oedipus rex is an interesting play too . lol i could go for a little male / male cuddling . i mean , so long as i'm the big spoon . on the real though too far for me is when affection turns sexual . it's got to be appropriate , ya know ? as for ... it takes no one to know one . i say fuck sacrificing authenticity for the sake of the group . i find myself associated with intuitive people . my girlfriend is enfp . my best friend is intj . this doesn't mean much though . my older brother is istj while my younger brother is intj and i relate to ... i'm not familiar with you but i am familiar with college life . pro's - i love learning new things , participating and listening to class discussions a lot of classes are very large lecture ... x-ray vision >:D . jk though lol ! the ability to fly would be pretty cool and so would super speed . either or ! does 4chan count ? >:D i'm weird . i will often act cofident yet reserved , kind , intelligent and funny while other times i will not give a girl the time of day . it really depends on my first judgements on the person . while ... being an infp is pretty cool i suppose . i mean , i feel like i'm just another person in the structure ! everyone has a role and i'm just playing mine . i don't think i'm hiding like you suggested , but i ... i've been to jail . i mostly read the books that they offered . i stayed in my cell the majority of my time reading the cheesy romance / self help books that they refreshed daily . i had two cell mates ... i buy clothes from the internet mostly from stores like urban outfitters , american apparel , and levis . i thrift too . some people are thrift junkies but nothin's better than a nice new pair of levi ... living as a hermit is a novel and romantic idea but i'm too attached to society and unfortunately , i can't grow a beard :( i would say something like don't be gay . he's just messing with you . on the off chance he isn't , don't let him take advantage of you . keep an even playing field . i used to smoke a lot but have since quit . the majority of my friends still smoke so i am around it often . i think that exploring the opportunities of the mind , whether it be drinking , smoking weed , ... i play a light side rakata imperial agent . i chose the operative spec and i'm conealement . i unsubscribed today hah ! i too worry about my mark on humanity but i don't quite grasp your question . hmm , after some reflection i value questions more than answers . answers static and constant . i prefer the fluidity of questions and the process of creation as opposed to the end product . i guess in a ... i don't have one ! after graduating high school , i went against the grain of my friends who went to the large party school and enrolled in a very liberal and fairly large school in a hip little town . i expected ... i often come of as a stand-off or perhaps otherworldly but when i like someone i usually open up a lot quicker than normal to her . taking interest in what they have to say in hopes that they ... i can relate to that ! i always end up healing end-game in mmo's because it's a fun role and i relate to the classes and play-style way more . i would much rather be a cleric , druid , or shaman as ... my best friend is intj , he's cool . my younger brother is also intj but i'm not on talking terms with him lol . i know quite a few intj folks though come to think of it ... i usually just avoid people altogether . problem solved ! : confused : im an english major , but im in a cultural anthropology class right now ! woah . i haven't considered that . i guess the leap would be a realization . in my situation , it would need to be . i'm not talking about self comfort though it does follow what i'm talking about . i'm ... i agree with a whole lot of what you're saying and thanks for the input . i feel like there is no truth in my subjective reality , which is a part of why i feel the way i do . i mean , if i took a ... unless i'm misunderstood , soren keirkegaard wrote that us human beings take a leap of faith to believe in the supernatural although there is no empirical evidence to support the existence of the ... i am really competitive . i am a poor loser but in all honesty winning all the time isn't fun either . i guess what i'm saying is that winning or losing all the time isn't competitive . i like a level ... mom - enfj dad - estp older brother - istj me - infp younger brother - intj i think it's interesting that my extroverted parents had three introverted sons . also , a family of five with all ... i consider myself strange but i come off as pretty normal . with that as my skewed logic , i think everyone is strange , just burying their quirks a bit more than us infps . i knew an estj girl once and ... “ when i saw you i fell in love , and you smiled because you knew . ” god knows who actually wrote this and i can't speak for everyone but it's is true for me . in a short story i wrote the guy is probably infp , in that i related him to myself a lot but he was a bit of a hard ass and rather concrete and perhaps the girl is isfj but very manipulative . idk ! i appreciate the docility of isfj's ! i just got my four day pass ! me and my girlfriend are taking a vdub vanagon down there , it's going to be awesome . any other infp's going to be there ? what do you guys think of the line-up ? 2012 ... i can't speak for everyone and i don't know if i really have a preferred type in terms of mbti but i am attracted to intellectualism and i am dating an enfp . we get along just fine ! '