' i cried a lot , especially before i could hold my head up - apparently i settled a bit once i could see what was going on . early favourite words included ' i can do it myself ' . this - it's that asking that's the key thing . a capacity for empathy makes us very supportive , but you have to help the other person to recognise what you need or you just end up getting irritable . ... i like white tea with orange ( though am also very fond of really strong black coffee ) . have you seen those ' blossoming ' teas with a flower that unfolds in them ? i don't think it's at all unreasonable for you to have lots of female friends - inf men i know seem to have more female friends than otherwise , and it really doesn't look anything like a harem to me ... are there really that many valkyrie-esque women , even in the netherlands ? i'm 5 ' 2 , and was once accused of discriminating against short men because i hesitated when a friend asked me if i'd go out ... this . i'm always good at gauging how nervousness is going to affect me - sometimes i'll be very silent , sometimes i'll gesticulate wildly . i smile a lot , but the set of the mouth and eyes is ... everyone always has problems of one kind or another , that's the nature of life ! i do think it's probably fair to say that people who are having a particularly hard time are more likely to seek ... i'm not sure which bit you mean - i've seen both emily and charlotte classified as infj on other sites , but that's speculative as the test has a subjective dimension . i may well have misremembered ... amanda 32 ' s comparison to a tornado in an hourglass captures how i tend to feel about myself - it reminds me of baudelaire's description of les liasons dangereuses : if this book burns , it burns as ... i don't believe in astrology though there's a certain historical interest ( it gets a lot of attention in the period i work on ) , but for the record , i'm an aries . as other posters have said , i wouldn't get your hopes up . but , if i were her and in a relationship , i've made sure that you knew that . as a shy woman , i've had some difficulties in handling ... i love tool and a perfect circle ! my staple favs include nick cave and the bad seeds , nin , the pixies , iggy and the stooges , the dead kennedys , the tiger lillies , the decemberists , the black ... waiting five days shouldn't make a difference , and if you give her the cd then i think she'll be especially touched to know that you were thinking about her in the meantime . she'll probably have ... someone articulate and intelligent , but not overbearing ; confident , but not arrogant . i'm always impressed by wit , and i like people who are passionate about their interests and beliefs , a little bit ... those'll be the gay people you noticed were gay . a friend of mine didn't come out till he was 30 because he didn't like the public persona a lot of gay men adopt , and it took him time to get used to ... a lot of women like the slightly androgenous look , and big eyes with long eyelashes , with a slightly shy look about them never did any of the heterosexual men i know any harm . use of the phrase ... i like to make eye contact , but i don't tend to hold someone's gaze very long . i'll look and look away , both when i'm talking and when i'm listening . eye contact feels very intense and intimate to ... i don't usually speak on the phone - the only exception is my parents , and i call them because they don't like to intrude ( though that's really a change since i moved in with my partner , about seven ... i think this was more of a problem for me when i was single rather than while in a relationship , and it's still a bit of a problem when it comes to meeting people i'd like to befriend . i do sometimes ... i agree - i'm very shy , and quite difficult to get to know as a result , but i don't think many people would describe me as cold . when i'm thinking , i can get what my partner calls my haughty look ... jane eyre's usually classed as infj , as is lucy snowe from vilette ( and charlotte bronte too ) . and frodo baggins . this may not mean much to most folk , as i don't know how widely read diana wynne ... ah , finally found a decent video of the bright eyes tune i wanted to post here : youtube - bright eyes - i believe in symmetry thanks to everyone who mentioned finding the phone distressing . i was worried that was just me ! written communication has always been easier for me , but i hadn't realised quite what it is that ... has anyone here been given a belbin questionnaire before ? i find the distinction it makes between management and coordination quite useful - i hate making people do things , and got no points at all ... i think i know what you mean - i've a male infp friend , who is great to talk to . i'm very fond of him , and we generally get on very well . but , sometimes i get frustrated that he won't open up enough ... i do love the tiger lillies ! and they are so much better live . though i have occasionally been slightly hesitant about recommending them to people i don't know all that well yet , and who might ... mostly i change not because other people have indicated i should , but because i like them . i'll emphasize aspects of my character or interests that are appealing to them and that weren't quite as ... have you heard any of the tiger lillies songs based on edward gorey's stories ? tiger lillies :: recordings there're some on youtube here : youtube - tiger lillies - gin youtube - the tiger ... i like bill hicks and emo philips , and generally anything that tends towards the sarcastic . there's a degree of vicarious pleasure in it , i think - people who voice things i might think but wouldn't ... veronica mars ( in the first season of that show ) and , i wouldn't want to be like her , but the marquise de merteuil in les liasons dangereuses.in my opinion , none of the film versions capture quite ... absolutely - as long as it's actually helping the other person , it's a useful thing for both parties , but it's dangerous if this kind of help is understood as a rationale for emotionally blackmailing ... i'm an only ( my parents met and married late in life ) . yes , i feel this : i often find it easier to work on doing something for someone else when i can't determine what i need to do for myself . i can see how to help other people better , and often doing so ... that happens a lot to me too , decided , and it sometimes amuses me when people don't realise they've been prompted at all . i think it's a really useful skill ! the difficulty i've had was less ... i think the relationship i'm in works as well as it does because i had no expectations when i met my lover . i was 19 , and had spent a year being single with a terrible crush on a friend i'd been too ... sometimes i've run into problems because i have such a strong sense of what other people want and need that i forget that they don't necessarily have the same insight . they need me to sign what i ... yay to the medieval philosophy , amberheadlights ! which philosophers ? my favourite's boethius . one of my absolute favourites is chodleros de laclos's les liasions dangereuses . i'm also extremely fond of umberto eco . i need to read more philosophy though - recently have been enjoying zizek very ... i'm totally with you on this , and i don't think i've ever not scored 100 % on introversion anytime i've tested . time alone to recharge is absolutely necessary , and i can't always summon up the energy ... it depends on the reasons for the infidelity . i don't understand people who want to collect notches on the bedpost - it sometimes seems to involve a peculiar attitude to people , treating them as ... i do feel skeptical about marriage , but not because i doubt my relationship . i tend to think that the way we feel about each other is private , i'm uncomfortable with the idea of a public declaration , ... mostly yes , and i am currently semi-doing / aiming for one of the listed ' favoured careers ' . that said , taken as a whole , this sounds rather more insecure than i feel now ( though perhaps not during my ... fair enough . i liked it this time round in part because i found the way forster talks about the government of love really interesting . it's a great reflection of some of the early literature i've ... i smile a lot , just in general , but if i have to hold a smile for a photo , it looks really strained and uncomfortable . also , i seem to blink rather a lot , so getting a pic where i've got my eyes ... i did - the back of the class in my school was for the hard kids . i sat towards the front and at the side , aiming not to be noticed and failing rather more than i'd like . i agree ! and , in case it's of interest , now i can post the link : what i believe ( by e . m . forster ) i think the whole thing is excellent . it's from a collection of essays - at some point , i'm ... the types are definitely more like guidelines , and i wouldn't rule out a successful relationship with an exxp just yet . i'm not terribly sure what my type best fits my long term partner , as he's ... i run , and try to get to the gym at least once a week , though i'm lagging behind on that . the running's a relatively recent thing , and i did hate it at school , which is one of the reasons i was so ... i like this bit too , which is a bit more famous . though i don't hate the idea of causes so much as the idea of causes that might supersede personal relations - a really good cause wouldn't force you ... and i've never read anything by stephanie meyer , but it looks like a bit of a desperate effort to fill out the esfp section . '