die clean white man from town , die clean ! that does sounds like a nightmare and not worth it . i would quit right away . aesthetic perfection - never enough i work in construction for my dad , doing either drywall or taping , while studying in school . my dad puts me in a room to work by myself , i just put on my earphones and work . while i'm working alone , ... what do you think what jobs are bad and not idea for us infps ? only thing i can think of is sales / customer service for me . i can't really socialize not much and i do get very drain from talking to ... tucson az sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk turn off the candles close your eyes follow my voice beneath the black hole you'll find the answer open the chest bling bling your life has turn around 180 degrees look into the eyes and wave . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk the darkness has arrived let the torture begin get down on your knees scratch my stomach let it bleed suck on it you need your thirst to fulfill your addiction and hunger screw you cave stuck in a cave no where to go no where to hide losing hope seeking to reach the stars depression out of control i believe in you shakira please give me strength nah , i don't work well with my dad . been wanting to quit for a long time . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk i play all kinds of games ... skyrim the witcher 2 borderlands 2 payday 2 bioshock infinite fear 2 dead space gears of war 3 i'm currently unemployed . i used to work in construction , doing drywall work for my dad for almost 4 years . i was getting really tired of it , and depressed . so i quit about 3 months ago . gonna go ... just curious to all you infjs have a good time at the show , and dance . i pretty much go to punk rock , metal , and aggrotech concerts . at first i get shy , and get it a feel for the environment , but i ... when you laugh at yourself in public places . you start imaging weird , funny stuff . and people look at you , think your crazy . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk haha , i do have sound isolation earphones . that's what i like about it . i can enjoy peace , and music . i used to have the shure se315 , and it was great . until i lost it lol . sent from my nexus 7 ... when you can't never have casual relationships . you'll get to attached by it , and you don't want to get hurt . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk when you can tell people in the streets are gonna ask you for change . and after , your usually right . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk that's pretty much me . i look very quiet , gentle , but my mind is all fuck up haha . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk when your walking . you feel that route is fishy . so you take a different , longer route back home . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk 100954 1009 62 yep that's me :p sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk when you would rather go the grocery store instead of going to the night club . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk why ? lol sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk i'm a construction apprentice doing drywall for my dad's company . i also go to school part time to major in graphic / web design . sent from my nexus 7 using tapatalk 4 empty despair self hatred confused what can i do ? isolate myself , shut down , turn off the light i can't relate to most people if i share my secrets they don't understand feel misunderstood just curious about it . i don't like to be in a hurry at all . it stresses me out , and sometimes i get overwhelmed by it : frustrating : sometimes when i'm working in a project , my dad tells me to hurry ... struggle obnoxious cant sleep tired feeling committing suicide by sleeping getting plenty of rest wake up from the dead feeling great sometimes yes . i'm friendly around people . usually when they approach me in the streets i do get a bad feeling , and pretty much asking me for money . when i feel comfortable i know most likely its ... afraid of letting go i'm disappearing myself destroying my health slowly i don't care no more my addiction is a demon that speaks to me someone who understands it's like having a best ... isolation isolate myself from the real world please leave me alone don't judge me who i am you don't understand my dark passenger closing doors recharge hello , just join cafe . been looking at it for a while , lol . just here to connect with people , learn , and have fun :) some stuff that i notice i do ... i'm very shy around people , very hard to ...