' ambassodors - litost sedated - hozier let it be me - ray lamontagne <br> <br> <br> <br> recognizing all the awesome ways that god is working in my life brings me joy ! literally every single aspect of my life is being affected for the better and it's the most awesome thing ever . all the ... my life is soo freakin awweesssooommmeee ! ! ! cant wait to see what's next ... i just found this devotional and i can't believe how often i lose sight of this principle ... it's about ephesians 9:7- 10 ... i'm so glad i stumbled across this tonight ! ! go , eat your food with ... therefore be imitators of god , as beloved children ; and walk in love , just as christ also loved you and gave himself up for us , an offering and a sacrifice to god as a fragrant aroma . but immorality ... stories like these are , amongst other things , why i want to get marriage right .. not suggesting that the op hasn't , but just sayin .. there are tons of stories that give marriage a bad name but that ... this thread is probably my favorite of the entire site ! ! it's soo refreshing to be mentally renewed and reminded of what god has to say . i hope this doesn't come off as disingenuous , but i really do ... could be fun ! makes me nervous just thinking about it but i would probably give it a try just so i could finally meet and interact with another infj .. hey erin .. when did you first discover that you were infj and what led you this site ? ? as far as what to do on here , i read more than i post . it's interesting learning about how different we all are ... i'm non denominational if you were talking to me lol . hey i hope i can be a help .. i'm a christian and infj so i'm sure we'll be able to relate to each other at least in some ways . i grew up going to church but didn't come from a religious family and ... i'm a silly goofball when i'm over tired lol .. for the most part , i do pretty well with only 4 or 5 five hours of sleep a night and have always felt like sleep was just a waste . something about ... prayer works ! ! i'm gonna be applying to pa school when i finish my bachelors and i get nervous just thinking about it .. i can imagine your brother was a nervous wreck but he's gotta be on cloud nine ... i haven't seen hillsong in concert but this song has to be awesome live .. our church plays this and it's the most incredibly amazing feeling ever to have every hand lifted in complete surrender .. it ... loveee this song ! ! ! the words say it all . i would love to randomly meet an infj girl in real life .. i guess there's a chance that being so similar to each other would lead to rejection , but there's this other side of me that can't help but ... i'm not an infp i'm ( infj ) , but i can definitely agree and see where you are coming from . you are in the minority when it comes to your empathy and passions and the fact that you care about the ... i don't think i could tell you anything that you don't already know . i really wish you the best and hope that both of you make the right decision because it sounds like both of your families are at ... someone implicitly / explicitly saying that they no longer wanted me to be a part of their lives . not sure if it's the worst , but it happened to me recently and it legit feel's like someone punched ... ^ ^ lol not sure if other infj's have done that but i know i have .. hahaha same look and all it's hard to say but my opinion is that him forwarding that email and commenting on your fb wall wasn't an accident . maybe it was his way of opening back up to you but even if it wasn't , , you should ... you and me and rest of my life by soja are two others jason mraz - im yours some others that came to mind country : i wont let go-rascall flatts living on love-alan jackson it's so interesting that this topic came up off all nights because i literally just met someone tonight and caught myself doing the very thing that everyone here is talking about . that being said , i ... yea i'm an infj too so alot of what you said makes sense ( as far as how you handled everything ) .. when i try to put myself in his shoes i wonder if he was a little offended at the fact that you hadn't ... i'm not sure if dating an estp would be a good idea or not . i guess a lot of it depends on the two individuals . either way it sounds like it could b fun , , , i just wish i knew more of em irl im an infj but i got imperial and my archetype was chief angelina jolie mila kunis taylor swift i imagine one of the greatest attractions that my future wife would have for me would be my faith and my beliefs . i've only ever dated one other girl and she was a christian so i can't really speak ... i have an esfj mom and she is the lost loyal and unselfish person ever .. almost to a fault . she has some emotional issues from childhood but she's still the most amazing person ever . i'm soo blessed ... cuz god knew what he was doing lol lol the only thing i remember about kindergarten was my first crush , kayla . i can still even remember what she looked like even though i ended up moving away the following year . . what exactly about us is it that drives you insane 27 only one above average .. not sure y that bothers me soo much lol it takes me a ridiculous amount of time ( never less than like three hours ) to go to sleep even when i'm super tired . this used to bother me sooo much especially when i'd be wide awake at like three or ... sorry you're going through all of this . im an infj as well and i know it sucks to have such an amazing connection with somebody and then have it diminish ... i think all you have to do is just be ... one of my all time fav's is proverbs 3:5 , 6 trust in the lord with all your heart and lean not unto your own understanding . in all your ways acknowledge him and he will direct your paths . ... hey neshema and welcome . i'm infj but i've been kinda doing the same thing as far as following the community for a while but keeping my distance .. today is the first time i've posted anything and i ... lol my scores were 8 physical touch 8 quality time 8 words of affirmation 3 acts of service 3 receiving gifts i almost couldn't choose my preference on some of the questions so i guess my ... '