' wow ! i'm surprised that someone brought this post back to life after so many years ! just a small update , if people are interested . my relationship worked just fine after all . we ’ re still together ... wow ! i'm surprised to see someone else with an interest in pharmacy . i think it's normal that you may be disilusioned after a year . they teach a lot of technical stuff and they don't really talk ... nah , me liking intps is a year round thing . i was just away from this forum for quite a while . still with my intp after a year . :) it's sad that you have to go through something like that . i don't know if you're like me , but when a relationship fails , i feel like the person is leaving with a tiny bit of my heart . it does get ... lol ! i love it xd intp : we can have interesting conversations and an intp helps me see things from a different point of view . i connect with him on a level i can't really explain and understand , but when we clash it's ... i like the way you put it . it fits well with the intp's desire to explore endless possibilities . you say normal sex is boring ? i'm curious now .. doesn't normal sex help your brain shut down for ... i guess that's pretty close ! do you ever feel a bit lonely ? i do ... most people around you must be of a different type . i can't type everyone i work with , but i can tell most aren't infjs for sure ... i really hope you get to experience that with a partner someday . open communication and analysis is the best thing ever . it takes time , but i assure you it's possible . intps and curiosity ? that's a given . i'm very curious too so i like that . it took a few months for my partner to really open up about more specific intimate stuff so i think your statement is quite ... not sure i need a second one . : laughing : i'm a pharmacist . the day i meet another infj who is also a pharmacist , i think i'll go into shock . : laughing : why pharmacy ? i feel like i can help people and be of some use . i'm just a little sad ... hello everyone ! i have a bit of a kinky question . i already know that most intps enjoy sex a lot . don't we all ? of course , but you guys have a reputation and from my personal experience i know ... this sounds a lot like me . i have always had good grades in school and i have to admit that it wasn't that hard for me to get a high score . i am an artistic person , but i studied medical sciences . i ... lad : it did struck my core . i don't think he is a bad person . i just cannot understand it and when i can't understand , i can't accept . i get the progression you are talking about . it makes sense but ... thanks everyone for your inputs . i don't know how to add a spoiler to my message but anyone easily offended please don't read the rest of this . i'll give a little bit more details ... it's not ... by the way , it's a completely different topic but i'm glad to see quite a few names i recognize on this forum . it feels good to see that some people i love a lot are still around . :) hi everyone , i haven't been around for a while but this is the first time in months that i am distressed enough to feel the need to talk about my feelings with fellow infjs ... i have recently ... i feel so lonely it's scary . why do i feel that lonely ? i just wish i could give a big hug and fall asleep close to someone who makes me feel safe . no need to search before making a thread since i'm not looking for a particular answer . i know there have been threads on this topic before . i don't really care though because my goal is just to get ... for those who know , what's your enneagram type ? does it make sense to you , fellow infjs , if i say that i'm madly in love with love ? i crave it , yet i hate it . it makes me feel so happy yet it hurts me so much it's nearly unbearable . i feel like ... no , but it seems most of you just don't understand after all . the accident was in no way my fault . again you go assuming some thing you have no idea about . i was hit by a driver who was speeding and ... all i can say is gain some maturity and stop giving your opinion when you have nothing intelligent and insightful to say . what good did your post do ? none at all . if you want to laugh at my behavior ... i can see this has never happened to you . my whole car is wreckled , airbags popped out , the impact was rough . i ended up skidding across 3 lanes from the impact and it finally stopped once i had ... what i read is you have no respect for me and you sure have 0 comprehension of how infjs behave or who we are to be saying this kind of crap . infjs are kind individuals who would give the world to ... no , i just wanted a bit of compassion . i guess i might have been looking for it at the wrong place . i just expected a love partner to feel the yearning to do that quite naturally because that's my ... i can see how you relate to my post because of what happened to you . just out of curiosity , how did you finally snap out of it ? has anything helped you get through it ? hello ! here is my advice as a pharmacist . being a bipolar type 1 , you have to be careful about antidepressants . some antidepressants can cause what is called a switch . it can basically make you ... hello everyone , i haven't been around much lately because my life has been going downhill a lot . i think i really need advice and insights from other people who might have gone through the same ... hello everyone , some of you might recognize me from my numerous previous posts in which i have been trying to gain a better understanding of my intp boyfriend . for others who don't , here is a ... hello , yup and i can understand what you're going through . trying to make changes in your life is difficult . there will always be obstacles in the way and it does get frustrating . i just hope you ... relia : i'm an infj in a relationship with an intp . here is what i think : i think you get intps more than you think , but that's just another infj's opinion ... he probably felt something intense ... so , you basically buy peace even if you think you are right ? i tend to do something like that because i hate fighting so much ... i really feel bad about conflict . don't you think it's not really ... when i get mad at someone and fight with that person , i always feel like i should try to fix things as soon as they go wrong . i guess that is my j speaking here . i noticed that when i try to do that , ... hey everyone ! i'm looking for a fun game to play online with friends . i love mmorpgs and strategy games . i don't like having the feeling of wasting my time so i'd like to see some character ... hey everyone ! i'm looking for a fun game to play online with friends . i love mmorpgs and strategy games . i don't like having the feeling of wasting my time so i'd like to see some character ... hey map , yes , i have . exercising has helped me feel more healthy and more at peace . the problem is , a few months after i started regularly exercising , my motivation dropped ... i'm trying to get ... : to answer your question , it does not happen often . in 3 months , it's the second time . both times , we were very stressed by other factors . i think stress is just the catalysis . it is all ... theorycraft : yes , we still talk frequently . he gave me the silent treatment one night , but pretty much went back to normal after i simply told him that i want to understand what he's going through ... i think it might help if i give more details . my partner is currently under a lot of stress because he has important exams to pass , is indebted , feels like he doesn't have that much free time ... it's hard to do that because he feels guilty if i help him too much since he is in no position to reciprocate . he just won't accept my help ... hey everyone ! i'd like to hear what you have to say about how to deal with an intp who has gotten emotional . for instance , what would be best to do when my intp expresses that he feels mad , ... my heart aches ... tears stream down my cheeks and i can't even control them . i feel so weary , exhausted , so sick of fighting for that little piece of happiness that always seems so unattainable . in ... okay , relapsing here ... i was rather happy because my most immediate problems have been fixed , but here i am worried again about the future . my worries made my behavior switch from normal to almost ... hello everyone ! i started this thread in the infj forum but as usual , i'm interested to see what intps have to say about this as well . i'm curious about your beliefs . do you believe in the ... no don't be ! that conversation between the two of you was really interesting to read . i like that you are open and curious and that kelsey has strong beliefs backed up by her own personal research ... that's something i wonder ... can you imagine that nothingness ? during a lifetime , we are always something even when we sleep or we are unconscious . we still have thoughts , dreams , brain activity ; ... i'm really happy about that ! it's great that this thread has been helping you . it sure helps me and a lot of other infjs as well . thank you ! hello everyone ! i'm curious about your beliefs . do you believe in the afterlife ? if you don't , what do you think happens after you die ? do you think human beings have a soul ? will some of us be ... '