' have any of you ever been depressed ? how would one help an entj cope with depression ? how would an entj get out of it ? as above : kitteh : loving dat use of megara everywhere . i've been stressed enough recently to go into shadow istp mode , which actually feels pretty cool , in a weird way . and oddly empowering as a woman with one of the most stereotypically female ... that is , your unhealthy state ? ladies can wear fedoras and have swag too : wink : istj infj this is me . istp intj i'm good , thanks ! it's freezing here too , brrr : frustrating : looking forward to the holidays , though ! hope you manage to find the balance you're looking for . i always find this time of year pretty ... i'd love to be in dauntless , but i'm not an enfp and even so i definitely think more than one appeals to me too : happy : also , good to see you again too ! * seconds ai.tran * how is everything ? :D oh , right . best of luck with prepping :) i gotta go and cook dinner , was good talking to you though : kitteh : * virtual fe high five * thanksgiving sounds like fun ! we don't have that over in the uk : s are finals just before christmas ? ( exams / coursework tend to be after them here ) . i'm good , thanks :) just trying to finish some work off before christmas . yourself ? laughing too hard at that gif . : laughing : i'm sure you will too :) fe is the best :P if i knew an enfj christian girl i'd send her your way :( / willkeepaneyeoutforyou the fe is strong right now . : sad : : sad : : sad : : sad : : sad : why can't you see it ? :( it was the perfect response . blindly countering may not be wise ... * ebil laugh * being a hipster seems like more of a fi than fe thing to me , could be wrong though . a lot of the hipsters i know are isfps , ties in with often being very into art too :) thoughts ? enfjs don't bite :p quickly - 2 is se , 5 is p , so is 6 . 7 is fi :) not sure about e / i but you should be able to figure that one out ? i'd say you sound more like an esfp :) all the hugs for you :D : happy : you're welcome :D this not really . do you think that would help ? sorry , should have explained - we're not together , never were : laughing : i just have a massive crush on this enfp guy i know , who i also know is not a ... i'm trying to keep busy , yeah , and i've actually been so busy with work i haven't seen him much of late . he's just very hard to forget about , though , even when i am doing other things . it's annoying ... how do you get over someone who you know is not right for you ? ( too flirty with loads of other people , does drugs , not many shared interests etc . ) how do you get over someone who you know is not right for you ? ( too flirty with loads of other people , does drugs etc . ) cheers man . i won't chase him , then :P . do you also wait till you can spot signs of interest in a girl before you show any interest yourself ? as in , you won't chase / flirt with a girl you like without ... enfj here but thanks :) i'll keep an eye out for the latter in the guy i like lol . what kind of signs would you take as someone being attracted to you ? as an enfj old school girl i don't really like to ... thanks ! :) so it's kind of on purpose , then ? stick around in a friend sense ? ( enfp male friend ; trying to deduce if he likes me ; as an enfj , defo not asking outright : laughing :) would you ( especially the guys on here ) say that you flirt with everyone ? if so , do you do it on purpose or is it more of an unconscious kind of thing ? how can you tell when an enfp is flirting ... thanks , guys - sorry for the late replies , i had a busy weekend and couldn't come on here . basically , i was out and about on friday when some guy harassed me , but thankfully i've spoken to the police ... ( 1 ) when would you say it's better to be single than in a relationship ? ( 2 ) as an enxj , do you find that you plan the future ( including what kind of partner you want ) a lot , and have high ... thanks , will do :) worst day ever : sad : can't tell those i know about this , wish i had someone to talk to . i haven't known many intps , but ( at least for me ) , among all the types , the intps and intjs i've known have seemed the most similar ( between any two types where there's just one letter of difference ...  any thoughts on enfp guy / enfj girl ? : tongue : and yep , used to know an estp guy i really liked ... yeah , james franco seems like an entp to me , actually :) that video was hilarious lol it's quite nice , yep , nothing on sf though imo : laughing : nice song ! very thoughtful and deep : happy : i ... really ? i thought that kind of humour was a ne thing ( one of my best friends is entp and he's the biggest troll you ever knew - still trying to get the super glue off my rucksack lol ) . i'm not very ... '