' actually i know what you mean . even with good friends i can only keep the conversation going on for a short time before i am struggling for something to say . i tend to listen well and ask questions ... enjoy ... ... i remember taking that test and being freaked out by the results . you are right , the descriptions do sound like infp descriptions , although i think we show more emotion and i think that the ... i just want to say that you were amazingly brave for going without your friends and i know that feeling of being totally alone in the room and feeling very awkward . i love dancing , so that's not a ... that's cute : happy : . i totally relate to what you felt . i was doing chores at the weekend and feeling a bit resentful that i have so much to do and no one to help me and no one to say wow , you are ... sounds like we have a similar style of parenting . perhaps an infp style ? i can understand that if it affected you badly that you wouldn't want to make up things for your kids . i respect people's beliefs etc . and their way of celebrating or not celebrating special events ... you once again sign up to be a financial supporter for a charity even though you know you are actually financially kind of struggling , but you know that it's a very good cause and if only all the ... i have 3 kids and i have done the santa , tooth fairy and easter bunny stuff . i think these are part of the magic of childhood . they bring a huge amount of joy and fun to children's lives and seeing ... ok , i ’ m ancient so i have had longer to do stuff ... i have : made out with a man broken a bone-ankle and wrist given a blowjob had a filling fired a gun stayed overnight in hospital had a baby ... i have given up the search to find some perfect career fit that defines me as successful and impressive . i can only be me and try to be the best me . i need to make money , but if it's just a job to ... i agree with sugaskull , we can't get inside her head and know for certain . i suggest you have a heart to heart tallk to her about it . one possibility isthat she has it in her head that you have ... i am often able to see the potential in people and see where their gifts lie . for example my ex-husband was unhappy in his career and i suggested he would be well suited to a career in computing and ... ... when you go to the local market and feel bad for the people who don't have anyone looking at their stand so you go over and look just to make them feel better and then end up buying something ... i personally admire people who are brave enough to be their true self in the face of all the pressure placed upon them to conform . i know i am considered different and still feel pressure to be ... thanks for the laugh . i sure know what you mean . i have been known as a quitter by family members in the past . not a great label to have . i find that i am interested in so many things and there just is not enough ... i have just come to the painful conclusion that although i love being by myself , those feelings of overwhelming sadness that sometimes happen when i see or know that others are having a good time ... clearly it's aliens : wink : some new zealand sounds i am loving right now . yesterday morning , i wake up and am thinking about what special thing i could arrange for my mother's big birthday thats coming up . i decide to organise a hot air balloon ride for her , my brother ... lying in the garden naked in the sun reading of other worlds happy in my own honeysuckle scent bird chirping in the tree happy in the sun with the sun all over me . i wonder if this is the main part of the problem . the inability to express ourselves and communicate the way the other person wants us to . i am sure i have this problem . for example at playcentre i ... here i was thinking everyone was messaging each other all the time and as usual i was not included . : blushed : i don't think i have even looked at anyone else's profile because they would see i was ... my damn mother . why can she not show any empathy towards me ? why would i think she will ever change ? i come away from time with her feeling so bad . i want to cry . i don't have many peope to ... i'm looking forward to christmas day and my youngest son's excitement of finding presents under the tree . he's 3 and i am enjoying the magic of it all and remembering the excitement of when i was a ... my son's names are lennix and haika ( pronounced hiker ) and my daughter's name is tia . i also love the girls names isla , veda and sola . i never invite people over because i feel like i need to entertain them and i find this really really draining . i much prefer to go to someone else's home or out somehwhere together where i can ... harsh . understandable that men want to be wanted and appreciated for their aesthetic qualities ( which they are ) just as women do . i totally agree with you about the overload of beautiful airbrushed ... you feel really hurt that you weren't invited to the party , even though there was only a 5 % chance you would have gone if you had been . you feel relieved you weren't invited to the party , so now ... i applied for a job because people were telling me i'd be great at it and even though i thought it would be a major challenge for me , i saw it as an opportunity that had come my way . i thought about ... i will have to join the club . i'm resigned to the fact that i'm not going to meet anyone who i love and who loves me back and who i can comfortably share my life and space with . i've given up the ... i hate that you make me feel like i am ungrateful and spoilt and selfish . i feel depressed about what happened today . things have been getting on top of me and this was just one more thing , the one ... if i retreat into my cave when i've been hurt it isn't to hide that hurt from the other person so as not to hurt their feelings . i will be hiding my hurt from them so that i appear to be strong and ... firstly , hugs , fellow infp : happy : there are many wonderful things about being one of us and you may think that many of the infp traits seem unmasculine but actually where i come from the strong ... i did once strongly believe in fate , destiny and karma , cause and effect etc . i would consult astrology , tarot , numerology , runes , whatever other sign i could find to give me direction and clarity ... pstypes enneagram test results the distribution of your scores type one : 26 type two : i have 3 kids . my daughter is nearly 13 , my oldest son is 11 and my youngest is 3 1/2 . i am a single mother , my older 2 spend a few days a week with their dad and my youngest's dad is no longer in ... decisions like these are really hard to make . i completely understand what orangeappled said about taking opportunities as they arise and new opportunities coming from those . but you also have to ... volunteering in the area you are interested in is a great idea . if there is a particular place you really want to work offer your services for free . you get to know the people , see what they do , ... this is a difficult post to answer because i don't know you and i don't want to offend and i don't have the answers but ... shaving your head and changing your name may be a bit random for some ... wonderful . i can't sleep . i keep going over things in my head . i saw an article on an old friend in the local newspaper last night . he is coming to town to do a gig and is obviously somewhat famous these ... this is the subject i came to vent about , but i'll put it here ... i have just been trying to work out my mother's type to work out why she appears to be such an alien . estj seems to fit but i'm ... my pup is a blue heeler . they are very cool but quite a handful ! i have had both all my life and i probably always will so choosing is really hard . if i choose dogs i feel disloyal to all the beautiful cats i have loved and who have consoled me with their presence ... totally agree with that . love the fear and loathing quote btw . i'm better with working in groups these days than i was at school or university . back then the mention of group work made my stomach flip out and i actually avoided science altogether because it ... i spent the entire weekend painting my 11 year old son's bedroom . it looks so great , the blue walls look amazing next to the carved wooden fireplace ( kind of beachy ) . i can't wait to put his posters ... why do some people feel the need to tell you something awkward or rude about another person who is right beside you ? if they can't contain their enthusiasm for gossip for a later , less awkard time , ... '