' lies are the worst . even if they're little . even if it's just stretching the truth . i was with a guy for a long ass time , and no he wasn't what society accepts as a catch as far as life ... more often than not , authoritative figures create inefficiencies and fallacies in their speech and policies , and the assume they know what is best for the general masses , though often work a secret ... yeah i love writing if it's interesting lol yeah i'll forget where my body is and run into door frames / tables / poles etc . happens in first person video games too . i'll be stuck and frustrated for a minute then realize it's because i have ... i don't . i will do the least amount of work necessary to get whatever grade i feel like getting . if homework / assignments are 10 % or less of the grade , i often won't do it , or do it ... i did one of those stupid career classes ( got as far as the first personality test ) and it told me nothing i didn't already know . we ( as entps ) tend to have a very wide range of professions in which ... when you spend every single day on perc for a month , then forget it exists for 3 years , then decide to check it out again on a daily basis . hmm i think it really relies on what your natural instinct is . sure things change due to the situation , but mbti really tries to describe the personality patterns you fall into when left to your own ... yeah , your writing style confuses me and i forget why i'm reading it . ( not meant in offense , just an observation of my own mental state ) . and now i've forgotten what i had intended to write .  ... i actually have found that i'm highly self critical and frequently have slightly higher expectations for myself than for others . perhaps that's just me though . i don't do much in the way of crazy / risky shit , though people always assume i do . i speed , and i drive cars hard ( aka , how they were intended to be driven , not retarded douchebag i lowered my ... you're probably right . it's also probably a defense mechanism , because feelings get in the way and they're the cause for a whole lot of grief that can be avoided if i just avoid them in the first ... my interests are generally more in line with guys than with girls . i have a few close female friends , but i don't see them on a daily basis , and i'm okay with that . it pisses me off when i ... yes . anger is the emotion i am by far the most comfortable with and the most accepting of . i don't frequently cry except in times of utter desolation , which happen few and far between ( usually ... hilarious . i'll figure it out in about nine and a half years . agree . ( probably an entp thing , i guess .. ) doesn't feel like i go out that often . perhaps because i don't plan things in advance ( a week or more ) 80 % of the time . yet friends will still call me on ... what about a look ? (: oh . if i see something i own on someone else ( especially if i decide it looks better on them ) i will stop wearing and usually give away mine . even if i liked it a lot when i bought it . haha yeah . i was wondering what we were supposed to do with this besides acknowledge each other ... i'm naturally nocturnal . it doesn't depress me though . i know why , anyway . i really enjoy the quiet of a house asleep . i've never been good with mornings . of late , i've been going to sleep after ... i dated an entj for a bit . i got emotionally attached , and so when he broke it off , i was distraught for almost a whole week . then i got over him in a single instant ( saw a picture that embodied our ... i met one once by chance . one of ( i say one of for benefit of the doubt only ) the most interesting people i've ever met . hands down . unfortunately the relationship was short lived as we live ... hey . sup bitches . so this topic looked interesting , so here i am . i'm very much entp , but i do find that i actually do this too . i don't know so much about a mirror per se , but i do morph my observable ... it's like reading my own fantasy ! ... if i fantasized . :P haha yeah i do this . i usually don't talk out loud though . if i'm alone though , i'll get as loud as mouthing the words , but i'll add hand gestures and facial expressions . it's always conversational ... definitely the psycho thing for me . ;) to add to the bit about our hate thread being longer ( even if that is because a vast majority of people tend to focus on the negative aspects of others ... ) , i'm noticing a lot more entps posting in ... friends in general , it's about 60-40 guys ( but that could be because i'm in my early 20s , and don't look hideous ) . close friends , probably 60-40 girls . but i get along with guys better from the git ... i think intps are terribly interesting . even if they don't think they are . i've dated an infj ( can't stand him for more than about 2 hours now ) , an enfj , entj , enfj , estp ( physical ... i was the universe last year . ... wear the costume still on a daily basis ... > . > i was thinking about this a while back , but i've forgotten . my memory's just like that ... : oh ! i remember ! ... initial observation ( no interaction ) i generally get : ditzy , crazy drunk bitch , chick who dresses really strangely ( but god , those tights are glittery .. ) , hot chick who they'll pretend to listen to ... off camera , yeah probably entp . your mom's right (: friends with whom i click best with / get along best with : enfp : 5 entp : 3 intj : 2 entj : 2 enfj : 2 intp : 2 hmm i think enneagram has some validity . not necessarily in this case , though . still stand by munchies , it's very situational . we can only say so much . it's really up to self analysis . what ... ... yeah i just bought it ... > . > god , i would like to start out by stating that i agree with every point you made , so this is not an attack nor a defense , merely an elaboration . aight . so i'm thinking stupid people = those who ... mmm weed ... yeah i actually had to step back and force myself to stop smoking for at least a month cause it was getting out of hand and i was going down the stoner path . hopefully i'll be able to ... sj types . i'm trying to think of someone i know well who's sj and i can't think of one . isn't that one of the more common types ? i guess i just have a tendency to be very picky in the company i'm ... made a universe outfit for halloween . wore it . friends asked if it was for halloween or just ' cause . also . neon green capris . dig it . i'm almost always out with friends . i have a wide variety of friends too from all different corners of life . some of the social circles overlap , usually because of my introducing them to each other . ... - lmfao . that is all . and if we use that video as a definition of stupid people then - i deal with stupid people by finding the humor in what they are saying ( and try not to get too ... if i'm not mistaken , the iq test was originally developed when public education became a standard in the us . it's purpose was to determine what levels to place children with no educational background ... learning is the shit . it's the allure of something new and [ figuratively ] shiny . i totally get it . i'm always excited to go back to school , but as soon as it becomes a routine , i lose interest and my ... i mess with people . confuse them , freak ' em out , but i always set ' em straight in the end . i never maliciously manipulate people . sometimes it's read as such though . especially with guys - they ... hmm i think stupid should be defined . sounds odd , i know . personally , i don't necessarily consider someone who does non-thought-through things to be stupid , nor someone who can't argue . some ... you find that it's 9am and you haven't gotten to sleep yet because you were on a roll trying to hack your cell phone / reading interesting things on a forum / downloading new music / editing music ... what ... mess with ' em . or limit conversation with them to close to none . i'm in partial customer service , so i have to deal with them on a daily basis . i have a routine set of questions , and if they're ... type 8 entp sorry i'm late ( but i'm worth the wait . fuck you english for rhyming words i don't want to rhyme . fuck . you . ) . '