' yep ! you're right ! i agree with you ! ! i think seeking pressure is more relevant than danger , but it must be a very strong pressure to me . i would say , very close to danger . about your ... it would be nice to know what you think about it . : joyous : thanks everyone for the replies ! right now ; when i think about it ... i believe i was way overthinking about it . let me explain you why . i had a discussion with my grandfather's cousin about that ... i totally agree : to me ; if i define something black or something white , it's allways a matter of perspectives or feelings or subjectives things ... defining something black is a subjectiv action ; not ... i did an awesome thing to an extreme level ! my friends who knows ... allways smile when they think about it . but to tell you the truth ; some things should stay secret ... if you know what i mean i don't think the rules are particularly stupid in an evolutionari point of view , specialy the first one . let me explain you why : because : in the past , most of the time , people used to set up ... i absolutely agree with you . and i think , ne is undervalued in western society . ne could make a lot of money , but it's way too unpredictable with low probablitys of success . i think i don't make videos of myself because i really don't like talking about me , my story , my life , my thoughts and specially my feelings . on personnalyty café it's fine because nobody knows how ... 86830 about entp part ; i'm not surprised at all . it makes sense , even if the graf isn't perfectly accurate for multiple reasons . most of the time incomes are better for js in fact : esfjs / ... about entj and entp part ; i'm not surprised at all . it makes sense , even if the graf isn't perfectly accurate for multiple reasons . most of the time incomes are better for js in fact : esfjs / ... thanks everyone that's really interesting . i think i get it now . i'm gonna try to summarise everything i understood don't hesitate to tell me , if i'm wrong , because i don't speak fluently ... my oncle's best friend is an entj , who seem to have exactly the same attitude as you describe . this entj really like to be with my entp oncle because he feels that he can talk freely with him and be ... hie fellow nts what do you think about management ? how do you manage to be so efficient ? as you can see ; i'm an entp ... and i'm happy to be one , but sometimes i wish i was entj . in fact , i ... i think the same way for my experience ; being called sweet allways has been a bad thing for me . i meen if i wanted the women interested in me romantically speaking . some women could be ... lol , i understand . and to tell you the truth , i tried to date on internet and it was unproductive ; i spent too many times for no results at all . that's why i prefer real life ; it's much more ... i don't know , but did you ever felt you doesn't belong to some place ? or groups ? because , i never really fell in love with anybody ; i was happy to be with my exs , but i didn't really care ... i never ... hie everybody i know that your type is very rare and i never saw any infj woman . and some say , we are the best match entp + ( infj or intj ) . i'm an entp male , and i really would like to find and ... family / friends / freedom / knowledge / power / and fun did you see limitless the movie ? i think he is an entp from the beginning . he was an unhealthy entp and became a healthy entp thanks to the pills . do ... like you said , i think ; building a wide personal networking is really important . it would be great if the personal networking was composed by many different mbti types ( nts / nfs / sps and even sj types ) ... he doesn't seem to be entp to me ; i didn't see any fe , it was fi function all around the place to me . i don't know if he got intuition but i would probably say ; he is esfp or may be enfp but i ... as an entp i think i would probably don't care about religion and political stuff , like i do for real . i would probably try to find a way out , try to find better places . if the population would ... i used to smoke weed too . i stoped 6 years ago , and i don't feel the need to smoke anymore . this is what i did : - i stopped seeing my friends who smoked - i put all my weed in my toilets - i ... i would say : start something , and start with the career you love the most . and obviously ; the only thing you really want to do in life : is starting up a firm . why don't you choose to start up a ... yes ... even with sjs i used to dislike . even if they can't see the big picture as we can do , or see possibilities everywhere ; they can be usefull , and become an asset to the group . but to ... my dating game ; it's like hunting , in a funny way :p roud : i have strategies / tactics and so on ... but let me be clear ; it has to be fun . because , i don't really like to flirt with people i don't ... i understand now ; thank you . before mbti i also used to consider most people stupid , but today i consider things a little differently ; to me , most people have a different kind of intellect than ... i'm sorry i don't understand what you mean by : most people are stupid ... still working on reconciling the two . cause i don't speak fluently english . could you explain ? being more specific ? index = 270 ... it depends : i would say ; if i had to work for someone else , i would choose option 1 , and spend the rest of my weeks , having fun / and may be ; if i could work thoses 4 hours on my computer thanks to ... i think entps have more chances to be heterosexual than gay , and enfps to be or like what ever they want ( gay / heterosexual / bisexual / etc ... ) i know people are going to scream at me ... but don't ... sorry i don't understand the question . what do you want to know ? i like broadway and other stuffs like this too . that's interesting ; i allways thank an entp could just be straight or bisexual . i allways thank personality types could only influence our sexuality ... i don't know what the other entp i know ( in real life ) think and need about the game ( i mean seduction ) . but what i know for sure about the 4 entps i know and i about play ( in general ): - we love ... when i learned about mbti , i was frustrated to find that sjs were sooo numerous . and i was very angry about it . and i was just frustrated that sps were numerous too . n are like 30 or 20 % of ... if i understood everything you wanted to say : i think it's a really good point of view . your vid is great . i think the same way , for the most part of the things you said . you shared good angles to ... no ! what matter is success ! ! ! nothing else matter . like i said , i'm tired to see my friends unhappy with there lifes ... because they don't want to see the real world . i just wanted to help a girl to ... i would love to know how you pick-up women ; with your evolutionary biological theories . did you tried only once to meet a friend of yours and said : i love you , do you want to be my girlfriend ? ... i understand , you could see him as a mirror of you . maybe his functions ( ne / ti / fe / si ) are the same as yours , and maybe he is open to relationship , but he is an entp male . you see we are ... at least , could you say why ? and propose something else instead of ; he deserves to know how you feel . by the way , that's not what falling down asked ... she wanted to know how to become his ... i would say : don't tell him right away if he didn't do anything already ; that's probably because of something ( maybe he has a crush on someone else or he already loves her / maybe he doesn't like ... yes that's right ! ! ! we spend too much time focusing ourself on what mbti says about us . entps have focus problems , but we still can focus ourself on something . even if we have potential issues , we ... if you want to find the best way to stay focus and to accomplish anything : - just try to make it funny it will help you to stay motivated ... trust me . i learned spanish just by watching movies in ... in my experience , enfps tend to be more entertainers than entps . they tend to be warmer than us and sometimes they look for emotional bonds ( while they doesn't really care ) . they tend to show their ... first thing to do ... apologize your parents and pay them off with interests ... apologize your parents again and pay them off with interests ... and for the rest ; just do what the 3rdpower ... yes we can ! ! ! you can go from being friend with a woman to being a lover . but its ' really difficult ... i know for fact . it depends on the way she sees you . - because she can be your friend ... if i want my energy and motivation to jump into something , or to be unstoppable ... i just have to get short deadlines / to make my goal really difficult to achieve because of a short deadline . and ... you're right ! for work , it could be great to have some sj's working for you . but living with an sj is totally different . we don't share the same goal in a relationship as in a job . i used to ... isn't it dragon ball z ? i think entp could be lazy , because society wants us to have an sj state of mind / to act like an sj / and to believe in stupid things like some sj's could do ... ( sometimes : wink : ) and it's sooo ... '