' - they're like people who baked a beautiful cake and want to show it to everyone in instagram because they're satisfied about it . look what i've done . i feel like i've improved ! - when ... that was not my intention i can assure you . i'm sorry if it came off that way . the question at the end is a genuine question , purely because i don't see extjs as being as sensitive as my own type , ... if this was sports i'd treat it with the simplicity we treat a game of win / lose , but its not . braggers are more likely to become unpopular if they cash their bragging rights too often in a social ... its the way they went about it that i find very amusing , almost silly , but no it doesn't irk me . i think te's low self-reflection hits at my fi's over self-consciousness , its impossible for me to not ... what i meant is that the purpose of each function is essentially the same , to process information , but how they choose to go about it is different . i mentioned its the people irl in my first post . i never tried to convey that the entire type is the same way . we can say the same for every other attribute , positive or negative , does the type ... yeah , thats the shit thing with asking a potentially negative question across the forums , negations are belittled as stereotypes we're feeding into , not that we could possibly have encountered it and ... work speaks for itself , thats the measure i went by . i posed the competence analogy as one probable but unlikely reason to me , but of course i don't wish to decide for them hence the question . ( i ... i'm still studying them , i did make a generalisation there . i assume outside validation is sought in situations where one considers oneself to be incompetent / inexperienced . why would you seek ... i've noticed the te-doms i have interacted with irl to be self-congratulatory . its usually subtly interspersed in conversation and regarding a past experience where they put someone in their place or ... second this ^ i see it as two groups that diverge but are heading to the same destination . kiss : istj marry : enfj bed : estj next : infp , enfp , esfp any examples of how you , an individual entj defy your stereotype ? any examples of how you , an individual estj defy your stereotype ? which comedy drama ? ? its helpful to keep in mind that te doms ( extj ) are difficult to please unless you do things their way . nothing else works but the efficient way they know . which might / might not be right , but us ... agreed ! i don't relate to the over-flakiness in isfps , but every other personality has experienced so . lol how old is the esfp ? if she's old enough to make decisions for herself then talk to her directly and convince her to seek professional help . i'm not a male isfp but this feels like being bulldozed . i think you need to remind yourself that he is insecure about women because of his past hurt . you reached your decision fairly early i ... i would prefer an introvert child as they are comparatively lower maintenance for an introvert like myself , but i have no doubt that parenting regardless of the child's personality is work . if i ... i see a few possibilities 1 . he is insecure about something . 2 . he hasn't sorted out his feelings for you / isn't sure about ' what ' he feels and if its worth pursuing . 3 . did you enquire about ... i love being around kids who are respectful and not too hyperactive / uncontrollable . i would like to have children but not in my 20s , i have much to explore and giving myself time to live and grow ... well .. nothing worth a story telling session at all . smoked weed once . thought i was going insane when i saw my friends turn into hdr instagram filters and cried bitterly ... the rest is just as lame , ... what makes me happy are threads like this lol .. gives me a reason to reflect on good memories ( usually ) involving people i'm close to . and long walks . summers - swim in the sea in general - a good ... early on tried online tests , consistently typed as isfj ( due to my own understanding of and bias towards hardwork and being organised , which were what i idealised at the time . ) spent a strange , happy ... i click the bloody thank button and it doesn't show , i don't know why ! but i can relate , lol . we seem to possess a childlike excitement to things that matter to us . no finesse to it , just raw ... by ' romanticising ' do you mean distorting these incidences , or replaying them and reliving the emotional state you might have been in ? i relive happy / sad experiences then bounce to a future i'd ... . hi there , not intp but i do feel feelings loud at every possible moment .. whaaat i mean is i can empathise . you are trying to get over someone you like and are obsessing over him as a result ... dear intp , infj and enfp i hate not being able to see you in person any more :( waiting for next year already , isfp belly laughter with friends + family . having this combo meet is a blast , and being the connecting link you tend to become the butt of jokes , but all in good humour ! isabella rosselini and audrey hepburn for their elegance , their expressive faces and sincerity with which they live ( d ) . haha . we're a family of 4 too . and my parents are infp + istp . i honestly don't know ( nor ask ) about their sex lives , and i'm away from home . i assume sps have a moderate to high sex drive * ahem * ... that's terrible elusivefeather since you've acknowledged how her presence has negatively affected you , you're already half way to ending this ... sour friendship . she might be a helpful person , but ... you need to ask her if something is bothering her . speculating here won't give you a final answer , and we won't be of much help anyway . she's the only one who can clear this for you . i try and recognise situations in which i'm more likely to be uncomfortable ( and hence appear shy or reserved ) , and before engaging in it give myself a pep talk i . e . if all goes badly , i can just ... dad ( istp ) blunt and extremely chill , kinda balances out interacting with my overthinking mother ( infp ) . my brother is isfp so we understand each other quite well even if we don't seem to click . my ... my immediate family is entirely introvert perceiver . our favourite joke is planning ahead . because of my discomfort with hospitals / clinics i've gone 3 years without visiting a doctor for ailments ... more estp when drunk . more esfj when good high . this . i care deeply for the ones i know , but conversation seems to go either way . i've found them very open-minded when talking about social institutions but extremely wary of people , having been let ... i can't help but feel that your avatar fits your reply ( just a joke scrooge , don't knock me down with your hammer ) do you have a link to who made this law ? did the women soldiers collectively ... i realize i should have given the context .. i can tell with certainty i am not insecure about myself . my feeling of being ' trapped ' is an inability to articulate my feelings without it leading to ... it's not a fight against men , they too can be victims of patriarchy . and feminism is a fight against patriarchy ( from an inaugural speech ) i guess it's an obvious statement , i've always looked ... double post i don't create enough for it to truly affect me if i stopped :p i'd probably socialise more than doodling in public . it depends on the individual really . sometimes it's nice to not have to think of the future ( if youre not ready for commitment ) and just enjoy the moment .. just adding to what bijouxx and internalrealm said from all known cultures have some form of art . this universality suggests that art ... i've noticed that such experiences being so simple ? on witnessing , i rarely share how strongly they affect me . my favourite , which i'm lucky to relive , is driving by the sea at a long curve on the ... fast friends were forgotten in the fast imagination . they never stuck together because summer felt free food . so they had to find fast food in hitler's restaurant . stalin wasn't allergic to barbecue ... '