' comptine d'un autre été well i think more of who's the ideal character you would want to meet and i would say charlie from the perks of being a wallflower . smooth . very smooth . haha haha . but what about music ? lol oh man . i probably would have believed you too . no i dont equate real people to that ... forget i ever said anything . it came out wrong ... i need to really think it through before i type . i started reading on the road ... i never finished . the library took it back . and i haven't had the chance . see now i understand what your saying , sometimes i consider everyone around me vapid ... but ... im constantly thinking , i can never stop , except this one time when i was trying to go to bed , and i tried really hard , and my mind went absolutely blank , and it was so peaceful . but that's besides ... haha i know , i know , im just too cool . yeah , like when i watch a british movie or something i always have to put on the subtitles . lol especially irish too . one time me and my sister put gum on our gums and then told our brother we were suffering from a fatal gum disease ... and he believed us ! it was a cool 10 minutes . and that was ? haha are you in love with your husband's accent ? if i had a british husband i probably would be . i love salmon ! more then any other fish . i've heard of the fishatarian thing , or pescatarian ... and ... well thankyou jolly fine sir . haha its ok , i know that not everyone is going to like what i do .. its just a part of life . and i happen to enjoy regina spektor by the way . especially that one song she did with the strokes . i used ... yes i know im not amazing and it was offbeat and such . and i wasn't trying to be revolutionary or anything , its just what i like to do . but thanks for the input . im a vegetarian ... but i eat fish ... is that bad ? i can't help .. blame the japanese and their sushi goodness . whad'ya think . i want to do this for the rest of my life .. so be honest . yay or nay ? are you suppossed to be snake ? in your picture . that dude is old . what has this thread become ! ? its not a conspiracy , i came home and i was bored . lol i was dying silently , because i can't laugh out loud really . it was hysterical . but you dont want to meet him because he is annoying and doesn't stop shushing people every three seconds , and he's ... oh i see , its just like visualizing a memory , and slowly getting yourself to calm to that emotion ? i dont like the scientific method because i just dont , i'd rather do it unconventionally . i wouldn't ... not at all . do you know what your saying ? lol my math teacher tried to explain trigonemtry through child reproduction today . if you look on his profile .. theres a girl . ohh . im confused . your a guy or girl ? .. head games ? hey my cousin's gay ... he's a rican . no nevermind ... your a girl . but your a guy ... ( 0.0 ) tell me something interesting about yourself :] i always end up crying when im drunk and tellling secrets so no its not fun . : x well i would like to say no and yes , because i could not like something ... but i dont neccesarily mean that its bad , its just not my taste . like led zeppelin i've tried , believe me and i just dont ... haha cool . can never get into the smashing pumpkins . but sometimes i need mature into things . so what kind of practices do you mean ? in terms of thinking is it like the scientific method ? i dont like the scientific method . thankyou ! hey is your name from the strokes song ? or the dickens novel ? ( i think ) i whisper in ears . this one is favorite . you . she never wakes up . perfectly still . a steady heart beat . mine irregular and weak . quicker and bitter . we eat breakfast ahh its nice to know that ... most people i talk to have no idea what im talking about . yeah i used to have a hard time saying no to my mom , or someone i loved because i didnt want to let them down , but i've gotten much better at not caring lately , not in the bad way too . i like your ... no i know what you mean about the identifying thing , like ever since ive got on here , ive been in a bit of a better mood , and i just find myself laughing and enjoying the littlest things even if im ... i love the twilight books as well i have to admit , they fun to read . im not obsessed or anything . i love howls moving castle , and spirited away , so is that like my neighbor totoro ? i like the rolling ... lady gaga - disco stick .. i just hate lady gaga . wth is with her name anyway . haha cool , im also reading the motorcycle diaries , and then kite runner soon i mean thats a good combo i suppose . hey i just picked up the hobbit the prelude , like two days ago , because they didnt have the fellowship of the ring . eternal sunshine of the spotless mind yeah , thats cool , i just love them . just seems like sometimes were just so awesome . even if we are depressing . im learning to play guitar , and i love billie holiday , nina simone , the beatles ( duh ) , the smiths , the ramones , the ... im kind of serious , sometimes too serious . except when im with my sister , she's the only person that can make me crack up , to the point of suffocation . were nothing alike too . so most people kind ... thankyou . i like the way you like the way i phrase things . yeah , im kind of trying hard , and if it doesnt . im going to move to alaska . like into the wild . yeah your right , and besides my friend tells me im intimidating because i always have a sad face , but seriously its just my face , i have to explain to everyone . '