i don't think older self reflects your mbti , people change overtime . why isn't there a middleman between ectomorph and endomorph ? i don't consider mesomorph an in between . how if you're average but you aren't muscly / toned either ? to be honest , i don't think it's natural for a lot of infps to be taking therapies . sometimes i found this subforum depressing . i'm often the last who gets a joke . that's actually due to my hearing problem but i love it when people laugh . i just tried the meds for my anxiety / ocd issues prescribed to me over two months ago and it does stop my obsessive thoughts ! omg ! i'm a 4 , i think 9 is more emotionally stable though . 4 is more of an egotist . i find the idea of being a ' pushover ' interesting but i just can't allow myself . explosions in the sky - memorial i'm sure i got ravenclaw when pottermore was a thing but i just tested again and got slytherin . i was reading an article about hypersensitive people and it said they're prone to anxiety but only when they have a bad childhood . how lucky is it not to have anxiety ? just remove some factor from ... i cringe inside when someone compliments me for something i don't think deserve compliments . if you're unhappy with one aspect of yourself , change it . um , personally speaking , infp lol type most likely to hate you in silence ? from the description i relate to ' the idealist ' more but my 16personalities.com result suggests i'm a dreamer since the p usually sits in the 70 % ' s . because you're an i , the innate desire to talk to people aren't hardwired into you . conversation thus doesn't flow and it feels really tedious to maintain a conversation specially if the other party ... enfps are my kindred spirits i started many blogs only to abandon all of them . tumblr is the easiest to maintain but i only post arts and reblog stuff so yeah , writing ... it really depends , i used to watch documentaries / travel channel as a kid but if you meant a feature film , i prefer fantasy if given the two options . aggie from paranorman , usopp from one piece , and yes , luna lovegood , when i read the book upon reading her description , i thought ' me ! ' . indonesian here cow ( english : mooo ): mooo pig ( english : oink oink ): grook grook cat ( english : meow ): meoong rooster ( english : cock a doodle doo ): kukuruyuk goat : ( english : baa ): mbeeek duck ... the s is strong in this one . bad news , yes he doesn't consider you his best friend or he's not comfortable with you . it comes from me who think enfps are the coolest people on earth . my best friends to joke around happen to be ... when you got in trouble at college because you forgot to sign your attendance sheet since you think it's no big deal and stupidly , you truly believed the lecturer would let it slide and now i'm at ... i'll let it slide just for you <3 his paintings have this lonely , empty feeling while at the same time makes it grand that appeal to specifically 4s , i think the romanticization of sadness plays a part here . i feel the same vibe with ... hmm , do you actively pursue for someone ? aww :/ someone suggested me that this has more thing to do with socionic's erotic attitude . also from my observation , i think he's closer to entp than entj . honestly i feel nervous about the idea of asking ... maybe because she wasn't used to the dress . i get overly insecure when wearing a dress or wearing makeup , makes me naturally try to ' fix ' things or think that all eyes are on me . entp , how do you flirt ? he still chats me . i live in a culture where things aren't so straightforward when it comes to dating so he just strikes me as weird . hmm you say you also do this , how would you like her / him to ... what did you mean by playing games ? a distant acquaintance ( who could be trusted ) <-- the key . between a stranger who can be trusted and distant acquaintance who can be trusted , the decision is probably based on impulse . i can get ... i've taken this before and i got true neutral i hate myself . so i know a guy , 2-3 years younger than me . we attend the same course at university . it all happened exactly two month ago when i borrowed a pen from him and ended up having his ... something is definitely wrong if you suddenly get super rich though haha no , that's the reason i dumped the idea of art school :p also getting rich means your kids will be well off , so it's not just about you . lol , are you sure ? you probably don't desire being ... i cried . seriously , today was stressful . someone recently pursued me , i like his face actually but i don't like his game . if only he was more subtle . i have no idea if he's still interested but he still texted me once in a while just ... most people are mystery to me eeh i think i can do this naturally ? stock notes app works wonder . i think we work better without structure so an app without the frills will work . having too many features make me focus on how to utilize all the features . hahaha the description for 4 is spot on ! i'm infp and i like ( easy ) rpgs and ( easy ) platformers for consoles . i hate survival and fps games . are most people really that afraid of giving presentations ? why ' most ' ? i've seen both extroverts and introverts sweating before public speaking but i'm not sure about ' most ' . my high school crushes were probabably estj , intj , in college , pretty sure enfp , and the guy that tried to hit on me is entj though i didn't respond well and now i regret it lol hmmm ... intp ? i like you , i don't hate you , comeback please . i have so many ideas . no , don't stay away . come here . talk to me again please . i hate myself . did i fuck everything up ? don't stay indifferent . sorry . i ... like you , i have the intention to become organized so i love checking out new apps . here's the list of apps with its purpose - day one : journaling - this is popular with developers and got a lot ... i still say there are far many people who love beyonce than lights out asia . on the internet your quirkiness may become common but irl who knows ? people have never called me cute i'm sad , call me cute please free range and played regularly . i think that has to do with the type than the childhood . some people are bullied yet have no problem with social life .