' so many , but i'd say there's a tie between groundhog day and as good as it gets . ah , the 90s ... intp here . i don't play much , but i like well written stories mostly , something that i can engage in , although i like different kinds of games . i'm an old time point-and-click fan , i also like some ... oh , man , i love to travel . you see , i'm like raiza 1990 , i live abroad now and mostly because i enjoy things that only a different culture can offer . in my case , i come from a place where i never ... it depends on many factors . i'm someone who gather more information when i hear something than when i read something , considering that i prefer non fiction , audiobooks are useful in this aspect - ... no particular order , not necessarily the first , original version and i don't know if they're indeed my top 10 , they just occurred to me - truthfully , i'm more of an album person , anyways : ballad ... ha , yeah , heard that before , cool term - i guess it's one of those latin based words , at least , finestra is window in italian . i like the idea of law , but not the idea of rule . i understand that laws are originated from logical and abstract reasoning and help to manipulate , maybe even ordain , the empiric world in a certain ... people who distort your words and your train of thought to win a debate . people who think that talking louder , interrupting you , insulting you and ironizing your arguments will make them win a ... yeah , it could be , i relate to you a lot , actually . i used to be called pretentious too frequently when i was younger , not sure anymore . at that time , the problem was that i disassociated so much ... hm , some i remember as really liking , but there are many others ... wings of desire mulholland dr . fargo down by law paris , texas reservoir dogs 2001 : a space odyssey in bruges oh , man , i guess you'd detest me then , for some reason i feel that every word that leaves my mouth - or fingers , ha - come off as pretentious , hm , my own person comes off as pretentious , but , yeah , ... oh , i used an username generator , you see , of the list this one appealed the most . thing is , last time i chose an username for myself - the one i use for games - my friend gave me a hard time saying ... i always thought they appeal to this general self-affirmation mentality we see too much these days . i mean , people need phrases and objects and images and things to defines themselves , tell others - ... becoming so self absorbed that i forget about the others completely . loosing all the empathy i have . loosing my mind . loosing my loved ones . being worthless and / or a burden to the people i care . i relate to your feelings sometimes - what i wouldn't give to be some kind of thoreau of this very age , ha ... but , in the end , it's truly only an idealization and an escapism to me . right-handed . i . i'd say 5 , probably . i like the idea of being alone as much as the idea of falling in love with someone that makes me change my mind about being single . ii . i don't know , i'm open minded and ... hm , i think i see , maybe ... well , i think that when you use the argument of intuition you're naturally assuming that knowledge transcends the object it wants to investigate , right ? that's the natural ... oh , man , i feel i'd like to address this questioning , but not even sure if i got it right though , oops ... to me it looks like an empiricism vs . rationalism discussion , is it ? i really like the countryside and the stillness of it , the silence ... even the empiricism of the experience , per se . but i wouldn't live in the country , to me , incredibly big cities with all the ... well , law is actually a very versatile area ... in any case , in my opinion , there's only much you can expect from your job - sometimes concessions should be made , you can't expect to be active in a ... i don't care about longevity , per se . neither about being healthy , i guess - although being able to live more efficiently in a physical manner certainly is a goal . what i do care is feeling the most ... are you asking for my detailed situation ? it's not so easy to explain - i don't mind talking about it , as you might imagine - but it's a bit of a long , not interesting story , ha i understand what you're saying and i agree in parts - i also relate to your husband , ha . but i think it takes a deeper relationship to actually see through the other person's walls , another level of ... yeah , i guess you're right , i mean , the wise thing to do would be letting the person be with someone more giving . in my personal case , the person i'm talking about is not a friend or someone that i'm ... i'm always feeling embarrassed for no reason whatsoever . i like to think i don't show it much , though and i certainly try my best to avoid doing anything that makes me feel even more embarrassed ... hm , not even sure if i should ask you this , but would an enfp choose to date and eventfully pursue a relationship with someone who showers them with affection over someone who they're more attracted ... oh , i'm curious to know your opinion about gender and also the binary comprehension of gender / sex . i might be way wrong , but i tend to think that many transgendered people denounces the idea of ... hm , autopilot . i guess i walk around the area , sometimes make some random hand movements as if i was demonstrating to someone what i'm thinking , colliding with stuff along the way . if there's someone ... i don't mind being with friends - even for long periods - , i like it in fact , knowing i'll eventually go back to my solitude when the time comes ... with strangers i feel very uncomfortable , and the ... well ... i live with an intj friend and i guess we're the people that are most satisfied in being alone that i know . but between him and me , i guess i'm even more of a hermit , so i'd say intps . i think ... hm , people in general seems to like me when i try to make the effort to open up and interact - i come off as being funny in a weird , witty way , as some say - , but they are not very comfortable around ... let me think ... well , my best friend ( and now room mate ) is an intj and we get along fine . i don't have many friends - or more meaningful human interactions so to speak , ha - so i don't have a good ... hmm ... i do have feelings , quite a lot actually , but i guess i tend to place them under some sort of quarantine . don't get me wrong , i don't mean that emotions are inherently noxious - at all - i just ... '