' socionics has it's own board . you don't understand si and se . it is in the question . within tj and fj . female and i prefer fj and tj . i like ' em too . they make me grin . i had a roommate who bought a cat after we agreed no pets . this cat loved my room . always going in there whenever my backwas turned . that himalayan puff ... i'm curious now . do you ever visit the other types forums ? some types more readily call things abuse . when i was 13 i was raped and beaten and was convinced i was going to ... you're unique . just like everyone else . where do you get the impression that everyone else relates to other people more easily ? your ni isn't working so well . finding other estp's doesn't ... actually , taking drama is a good way to do this . i hated drama . emotions ... on purpose . why ? anyway , i took drama for two years and recommend it . i was the worst in the class at the beginning of the ... this joke has gotten so ollld and boring . if you're gonna keep on quoting me at least be entertaining . where did i say i don't like esfp's ? absolutely wouldn't date doesn't mean i don't ... are you trying to yell at me with a size 5 font ? where have i tried to control anyone's choices ? the estp forum is very slow , but you're welcome to it . unless you want to make a secret society of ... : rolleyes : no , it's not . it's really not . here's a clue , you're not as good at typing as you think you are . prime example of inefficient intp communication . writing entire books for things an ... oh the heartbreak . don't you think a sledgehammer would be more fitting ? match making theory is unnecessarily limiting . and the lists posted had n / s dichotomy , as usual . most of us are commitmentphobes like other exxp's . a little tricky to find an estp to will marry you . yes and no . it's not about this specific character or specific poster . it's the pattern of behaviour happening in group think . well , in that case , let the sheep follow . yes , yes , you think everyone who is awesome is an entp and feel the undying need like other entp's to correct everyone to enforce the view that entp is awesome and there are no awesome versions of ... oh christ , more slotting people by n / s dichotomy . : rolleyes : that's why my husband is awesome ! he does what he says he's going to do and comes through for me unexpectedly all the time . he is sensitive and thoughtful and caring . most people aren't . that's why ... learn to chess ! : laughing : come on , you've had your entire lives to realize that people aren't thoughtful , caring or sensitive . i came to realize the importance of depending on myself as a kid . as awesome as my parents are , ... but cats can be fun . anyway , i wouldn't trust an estp alone with an unlabelled red button / lever / knob . i agree with your op , but then , i've been accused of being crude . in one discussion , someone was saying how words change meaning and aren't necessarily insulting . his example being that ' black people ... overwhelmed ? nope . some people are much louder than me and dominate . as long as they aren't trying to control my choices , i don't see a problem with that . i've seen this issue for some time now . the amount of times estp and estj's are lumped together when we don't share any cognitive functions , is astounding . we are nothing alike . people give excuses ... this isn't something that would upset me . whether the guy on the bus was right or wrong , i'd sling insults at him and forget it about it momentarily . he's a stranger , i couldn't give two fucks what ... hmmm ... my father started teaching me meditation when i was a little kid . i had an explosive temperament . like embarrassingly explosive and ridiculous . i started learning about 4-5 years old just for ... i don't expect strangers to share my native language , let alone share my function stack . : rolleyes : i haven't found any cons of new years . it's been my favourite holiday since i was little . while i know i'm awesome , i'm not sure that's what you really want . keep in mind that extrovert's are statistically more likely to experience traumatic events . risk factors for ptsd-related traumatic ... strangers don't know or care about our function stacks . don't expect them to . depends on the stage of my life . what i was looking for in a relationship at 18 years old vs what i was looking for in a relationship at 22 is a different kettle of fish . at 18 i didn't anything too ... my therapist had me keep a diary when i was 13 . it was a really dark time in my life , i'd experienced abuse and a near death experience and felt isolated from society . i had a lot of questions that i ... show me your sorry . make amends . the way to make amends changes depending on the situation at hand . it could be something small or much larger . the best way to get over a man is underneath another one . violence is the answer ! was i staring at you ? sorry , i was just planning where i'll hide your body . to be happy , i need to get out of the house at least once a day . i don't even have to socialize , just not being trapped inside 4 walls day in and day out will make me happier . if he's an estp , pay less attention to his words and more attention to his actions . that's what counts . i don't use crutch words a lot , but had a terrible habit of using a certain sentence as a crutch when i was a kid . every time i started saying a sentence to an adult , i'd start with in an ... i take offense to this . we would plan it out carefully and make sure it made money . if you're gonna make porn , it would be extremely embarrassing to not make good money from it . : tongue : sure . these days any time someone hits and kills a cyclist the reaction is : it was an unavoidable accident . looking at these stories , they weren't unavoidable . the driver sucked . it's like people think ... i'm yes and no to christmas . i don't like that it drags on for so long . i don't like shopping . i don't like malls and big stores . i don't like seeing my mother-in-law and oldest brother-in-law and ... sure , but there are minimum ( subpar ) standards and they aren't even in the ballpark of those even . the police should have taken her license away . parking lot video of ' calgary's worst driver ' gets millions of views | ctv news oh my god ! i see bad drivers . they're everywhere ! make the bad people go away . i just don't understand how ... lader i don't think a restaurant is a terrible place . it's when you have a captive audience it gets rude . most people in a bus or at a station or airport departure lounged are pretty much forced to be your ... two people talking on the bus ? yeah , is irritating , but you can ignore it . when it's only one half of the conversation , your brain tries to fill in the blanks . it's annoying as hell because even if ... you know it's rude to talk on the phone on public transit right ? my guess is you were on the phone , annoying other passengers , probably bumped into other passengers while you were moving around the ... and there goes another backhanded compliment . '