' mr . isfp was about himself , so much that he forced us into having sex the first time when i wasn't ready . never progressed in skill , took 8 months before i could start to feel him inside me . he took ... i find that interesting and there's 74 million out there like me . i think i have withdrawn too much from socializing of late and i'm hoping to find someone who would be interested in talking to me via typewritten conversation on skype . obviously we may not click so ... i'll start : i love rainy days because they make me feel at ease , the sound of rain is steady and calming , walking through the cold rain with no umbrella makes me feel like i can connect with the ... he accepts me for who i am and admires my strengths when i myself fail to see them . he also gets a bit unnecessarily moody over my non responsiveness when i am busy with a task at hand . in case you don't understand what the above posters are talking about , while entj and enfj seem just one letter away , their preferred cognitive functions ( priority / preferred mode of thinking and ... oh my god there it comes , we haven't seen it for centuries ! quick , look through the archives ... what is this thing called again ... an e ... en ... no , ... es ... by the way i believe this sighting ... so you mean ... can things psychopaths do possibly have a function ? uhm ... yeah , i guess ? could what they do be convenient for them ? contribute to their success in life ? ... uhm , yeah ... i guess ? ... on-oh nevermind , it's been mentioned . in the divergent trilogy , members debuted into a faction when they are relatively young , sometime in their teens if i recall correctly . this means that most people will make choices while they have ... personally i have problems coming out with opinions when i think the statements i can conjure up at present are too bold and assumptuous or rough / vague and doesn't accurately represent how i feel . in ... hi lvi , if your ultimate goal is to be with her and resolve this bad beginnings of your relationship and any fears you may have placed in her heart , start spending more time with her and ... hi catherder , there could be many reasons as to why he would not want to commit . your best bet at an accurate answer is asking him yourself , and even then you may not get the whole truth . if you ... hi lostthemarbles , i would disagree that if the other guy's so great , she doesn't need you as a friend ... sometimes friends require certain qualities that partners lack , and when ... hi millionbucks , my nf is very moody and down about attending medical school and leaving the country come new year's too , so that makes two . apart from what the infjs have said here about ... i believe it depends on whether the person voicing the joke believes the material itself to be ironic . it is usually laughable if the person is implying irony ( does not have to be through sarcasm ) . i don't have problems bringing ideas to fruition , because the realistic plans i make become projects and the unrealistic ideas become story ideas . i must admit the details of daily life are not very ... bumping because i want more < : 87063 jayde i have multiple handwriting styles too ... ; v ; this is my default font when i have to do a ton of notes . deal with problem at hand : re y / n to - i want to have good grades . if y memorize , if n memorize enough to pass . learn about theories your own way in your free time , even if it is after the course ... hurricane > : poor you , getting shooed from populated areas . i would caution against such statements . hey guys ( and those of you who call yourselves womyn because you think it's a great idea ) . just curious how many nts out there were abused when they were younger . you can choose to go into details ... i was left handed before the plebeians running the kindergarten i attended decided it was a satanic sign and beat it out of me . i am now right handed , but hardly more angelic . i spy several other ... someone prove this to me please . i dated an sp , never again . i thought his thought process was sexy until i met the nt / nfs . ability to act on their libido . settings , i was once overburdened with carrying bags , then i identified it as a problem , came up with a solution , and now i am never overburdened with bags . good luck finding me based on ... i never finish my beer , but it gives me an excuse to act like i have half a brain . it is a nice change . they don't exist . it should be illegal to make oneself sweat . dear god . hm . mbti and keirsey aren't the same thing ... keirsey didn't really comment on cognitive functions in please understand me ii , if i recall correctly ( i could be wrong ) . keirsey did say that ... firstly , i commend you for becoming more capable of handling your feelings , and reaching out for support . please bear in mind the strengths these imply while you are going through hard times . ... carry a teeny notebook , ask newly met person their name and birthdate , write it down as soon as they turn their back on you . rehearse name-face connection in mind . please define what you feel is the definition of being female . your topic is misleading . keirsey didn't say intjs are good with enxps . feel free to quote his literature to persuade me otherwise . you have simplified a very complex topic . for example , by ... i like your post rank . the information you provided is very vague . it doesn't illustrate how severe the issue is on the linear spectrum of shy personality to pathology . what is the quality , ... did . i won't list all the reasons , but for myself , my heart doesn't handle caffeine well at all . yes , there are , and most of them are conceited enough to believe they know a shit or two . those are my favourite customers - we both come out of the exchange feeling superior . jokes aside ... ... hey guys , i've always wanted to do an instructional guide on this topic , and i finally got around to making the basic guide for hot beverages today . i would appreciate it if you could drop by , have a ... hey guys , i've always wanted to do an instructional guide on this topic , and i finally got around to making the basic guide for hot beverages today . i would appreciate it if you could drop by , have a ... it is not my premise i am ridiculing . if you cannot ( 1 ) recognize your own premise beneath all the clutter you've written to me in the previous argument ( 2 ) engage in a civil debate without taking ... sherkanner o : alcoholic elements ! i need this glorious revised periodic chart . please note the age / details of benefits / costs at present and before 2013 are inputted randomly for demonstrative purposes only . it comes out as an ' undesirable ... x is a rare event so it must be precious . x is a rare event so it must not be wasted carelessly . [*= 1 ] i happened to be in the right place at the right time to advance my career as a physician by ... thanks for the unique stories you've shared so far . i look forward to reading more . (: i'm very obviously sold , sir . lol . i for one have been abused emotionally and physically from when i was younger , but unlike op and some repliers , i have physically developed to look normal , and have some degree of social ... i have no idea how a thread got so long so fast . o_o first point - i've never been married . third point - no i hate it when people try to make me wait for them to read or watch a movie together . ... * includes any adopted or picked up siblings your gender : your younger sibling's ( s ' ) gender : whether your younger sibling is related to you by blood * : comment : reasoning : if there is a moment where you realize there is nothing in your life you look forward to - no experience you want to personally have , no future that isn't predictable in a general way , what is the ... '