' sei 35 i'm sorry that the people you trusted in let you down . i sincerely hope that you will meet believers someday who love you the way you were meant to be loved . and until then , i urge you not ... is there any ounce of you that believes there might be hope ? do you think it's a possibility ? what are you willing to try / consider , and what was your intention in creating the thread ? i don't think ... sei 35 how have things been for you the past few days ? what do you call a man with a rubber toe ? become okay with being good enough . and i mean good enough in your own eyes . the problem with perfectionism is that it tells us good enough is absolutely not okay , when , in fact , it is . it's ... taking a stroll alone in a park or on a pretty trail , calling my mom because she is always encouraging , watching a movie that makes me feel - all things that lift my mood and inspire . there is also ... the changes we want to make , the changes they come so slow . to walk or to wait , to chance or for fate , it's never for us to know . so wait we must , till we turn to dust , yet choices ... i think infp or enfp , but i'm leading towards enfp because everything you said reminded me an of an enfp i'm extremely close to . you basically described her . ok now , for me : 1 . when i ... the fever series . it's considered urban fantasy / paranormal romance , according to wiki lol . i'd never read anything like it before , but dude . it's good . i haven't met anyone who read it and didn't ... bigbang , a couple songs by bts , and a couple by got 7 . nell , but they're not really considered pop . does jay park count ? i live in korea , btw . :) the prestige pretty much anything by the paper kites . : shocked : that was intense . i'm seriously impressed by all of the information you've accumulated ! can i add one thing ? and forgive me if you addressed it & i missed it . - follow through , aka , be ... my best friend ( enfp ) and i . take a wild guess at who is who . : wink : 642249 and me on a really pretty day in the fall : 642257 it's reassuring to know my concerns are reasonable in the eyes of another entj . and i couldn't agree more with the logic of addressing those concerns as they occur , before they have the chance to ... i suck at making number estimates or judgments ( and just knowing them to begin with ) - that includes populations & bodies of people , distances , height , weight , whatever . don't ask me what the ... ashorley thank you ! ! :p roud : i haven't done this in awhile , but for the longest time , whenever i saw even the tiniest , most inconsequential bit of trash in the carpet , i would pick it up , close my eyes , and proceed to throw it ... a couple photos of my babies : 6419466419 54 and a few others i've taken through the years : 6419626419 7064197 8 i'll go for it next time we're together . he's older than me , so i worry about being perceived as immature , but i guess it's better to know now if that's what he thinks ! i tend to find humor in the ... ok , here we go . i've been dating / talking to an entj for about a month now . keep in mind he's 10 years older than me . so , a few questions for the entj males out there : 1 . in what kind of situation ... thank you for this ! i've heard it before , which is why my eyes are wide open and i'm trying to take things very slowly . i figure if he's only after something casual , he will eventually lose interest ... so far , today is beautiful because ... i am fortunate enough to be living and working abroad . there is at least one person in this world who loves and understands me . these two poems ... yes . thank you for posting some 80 ' s music . i grew up listening to it because of my dad . he loves toto , so ... what has worked best for me is finding some way to keep busy . who is hosting the party ? help them make drinks ! are people hungry ? order some pizza or make some brownies . you can also help clean up a ... that is something i keep reading about istps - it's all or nothing . i hope that's the case with him . thank you . so , here's a situation i doubt has been covered in this thread : what if an istp is from another country and hardly speaks any english ? : confused : specifically , korea . i'm living and teaching ... the world would be a better place if more people thought that way . and thanks ! i've been a member for about a year now , but rarely do i post . reisiger ( sorry , i'm still a newb ) to be clear , we only remain friends to this day , but it's wonderful to see him progress through seminary . i will always be thankful for the way that ... i think the most effective strategy for helping others will vary by individual and his or her own strengths , as i think others have said . as for myself , i have struggled with this question ... i'm a night owl by nature , but on those rare occasions i do happen to rise with the sun , i love it . i don't like to sleep my mornings away even though i tend to stay up late . it's one of my favorites . i grew up baptist , but actually worked at an episcopalian church camp for a couple summers because my boyfriend at the time was episcopalian ( who is now studying to become a ... thank you for the reminder and your kind words . thank you for the reminder and your kind words . ramblings from my friday night ( i'm in korea ): in these moments , i understand on a very deep level how weak my mind is , how vulnerable i am to my human desires . i know what is right , and i want ... this is great advice , and i'm definitely going to look into that website . i was just waiting until i had some time to devote to it . figuring out what motivates me will , i think , be really ... putting it in those terms gives me a sense of relief . yes , i will be in a new country facing barriers of all sorts , but on a day to day basis , i will be settling in to a new job , meeting coworkers , ... i so appreciate your response . i wasn't expecting to hear from someone who had actually lived in korea ! i've run across several people who have lived there and loved it , and i haven't heard a single ... i've noticed a pattern in my life , and i want to know if anyone else can relate to it , and better yet , help me keep it from reoccurring . there is something about commitments that make me ... change my ... update : it's not nothing . : confused : yeah , that exactly . i adore my alone time , but there is a point where i get too inside of my mind , especially if there is literally no other humans around ( say , in the next room ) . it's like i need to ... hey , you can rest assured that you are definitely not alone . that's one thing that brought me here , too - knowing and seeing that there really are people just like me . thank goodness for the ... lol , no problem at all ! the way i behave in a group completely depends on how comfortable i am in said group . the only time i'm my natural self is around immediate family ( mom , dad , bro ) and a group ... i love this question . i haven't seen a lot of threads for christian infjs , so i'm always on the lookout . i may be repeating something that's already been said , but ... i get you completely . here's ... well , i'm not sure how much of a factor social anxiety is here , because i do struggle with it to an extent . but personally , while i know that i have the ability to take on different personas , i ... my first outlet is exercise . when i'm feeling overwhelmed , if i'm in a place / have the time to go for a jog , that's what i do . it immediately eases any nervousness and tension i'm feeling . it doesn't ... i ended a serious relationship / engagement 8 months ago . since then , i've been sailing , happy to be me and free and happier than , i think , i've ever been . i met someone last weekend who has completely ... i never expected him to make any notable sacrifices for me , really . concessions may be a better word - or the effort on his part to do things that would have made me happy , things as small as going to ... '