' my oldest sister recently came down to visit . shes stayed with me in my apt which ill be moving from in a few days ( god i love my apt ) . my initial reaction was to have her stay with another sister so ... im 29 . still havent had a relationship but i cant wait until i do no no , splendiforous is a word :D lol i have a weird relationship with coffee . i teach 4th grade ... drink a cup every single day of the week . but on weekends , holidays , summers ... i never drink coffee . it doesnt really keep me awake or ... - you have a gentle spirit about you - youre so quiet ! - you have a sweet soul reading this i couldnt stop laughing . sounds like me to the letter lol . i havent figured out a way to recharge my ' battery ' without locking myself in my room and laying down . hmm i just test infp using that test . i took the myers briggs a few years ago as part of a team building activity at my job . i wouldnt put too much stock into this test seeing as to how short it is ... ill hug myself , since no one else does ( cue the violin lol ) - ive been exercising off and on for the last few years . i actually started again this past monday ( happy to say that ive worked out every day this week ! i know its good to let ur body rest but im in ... i dont understand y responders are explaining why theyre not christians ... ? : unsure : so much for steering clear of negativity i awlays tell people that im fine . the truth is , if i were being honest and told them what was wrong with me or why i was looking sad , theyd awkwardly laugh / wince and make their way towards the door ... ive been called lazy by some family all my life bc i have to take naps several days a week . if i dont , im extremely sluggish . i also take vitamins now and exercise 3 days a week ( not a lot but its ... gone , in my opinion . lol i do the same thing :) i end up never needing to .. everyone always comes to me with their info / drama / etc lol i did this a lot when i was in college . i would purposely do it very late / early in the morning ... 1am - 3am . it was very peaceful and beautiful . i was able to ' clear my head ' and i always felt better ... i feel the same way about my books ! its bw autumn and winter . i love seeing all the pretty leaves changing color . i also love the month of november ~ all that cooking :D lol i adore winter bc ill always rather be cold than hot ... or ... its funny . i just had a major argument with my sister who is bisexual . we dont see eye to eye and i pissed her off . ive always ran into issues with others bc of morality issues . by god's grace the ... wow ... youre like ... the male / white / younger version of myself 7 years ago . i still suffer from some of the stuff u mentioned but im getting better ( slowly ) . if i could go back in time , i would have ... im extremely territorial . especially when it comes to someone who i consider a friend . ill sit somewhere pissed off if i know that they are hanging out with someone else . i always feel bad about it :/ hey ! i too am extremely awkward around others . ive been in therapy for about 1 1/2 years and its helped a lot . im still nowhere near comfortable around others but its a start . i have to put myself in ... if only i were beautiful , i could find someone to love me . pro-life regardless of the situation . also against the death penalty . someone mentioned hoping this thread wouldnt turn into an argument . i doubt it , everyone here is always so level ... im going to be my own valentine this year ( and like all the years past ) . the only difference is that this year , i love myself a little ( emphasis on little ) bit more than i ever did . wow , nice eyes . very much so . in fact sometimes ill try to play down my happiness ... to mentally prepare for the upcoming doom . thats such a horrible thing to do , and i hate myself for it . this week alone , my coworkers have asked me hey ... whats the matter ? what are u thinking ? everything ok ? you look deep in thought ... whats the matter ? lol i drift off constantly , but i dont want ... - eating an entire 1/2 gallon of edy's french silk icecream :/ its sooo good - dipping my french fries into ketchup and mayo - smelling my own breath after i eat something really good ( im strange ) ... medium regular with cream , 4 splendas , and caramel ... mmmmm ~ a lot of women , including myself , like the idea of being forced to have pleasure ... not rape though . its hard to explain , but not rape . this person could be ur soulmate . i dont mean in a sexual / relationship type of way . the older i get the more i start to believe that marriage or just being in a relationship with someone may not be ... 28692 if i ever get married , im totally stealing this pose after reading this i thought to myself , wow if this was a guy sending a girl all those kinds of texts , id tell her to watch her back . then i realized gender doesnt matter in a situation like this . so ... one of my dreams has always been to own my own bookstore ! i own well over 200 romance novels--been reading them since i was 12 lol to figure out what i want to do with my life and to have an outline for a plan of action by the summer . push up bras , hair dye , colored eye contacts lip gloss or lipstick , mascara ... heck , makeup period ... , hairsprays that give us body ... they are all deceptive if you want to be technical . i say if it ... i told my family to only buy me things that i can actually use . i hate people spending money on things that i never end up using . sooo ... i got a 24 pack of toilet paper , 12 pack paper towels , an ... when / if i ever have my own family , i want to remember every lonely night ive had as an adult . i dont want to take nething for granted . i saw a nice family dressed up tonight .. probably on their way ... i don't want to teach anymore . im in no position to go back to school , im broke all the time , and most importantly i have no idea what i want to do . the thought of starting over again makes my heart ... 28 and still a virgin . ... there are others like you lol hang in there , and lay off the ice cream i was in this same situation 10 years ago when i was 18 . i decided to totally ... go into myself and blocked out potentially great relationships with people . time flew by , and now im on the verge of 30 ... i hate that u went thru this also , but it makes me feel good to know that i wasnt the only one ( make sense ? ) i felt / feel like such a freak sometimes : rolleyes : im 28 and been single all my life . im lonely all the time , moreso within the last few years . def not a good feeling . ive had problems with anxiety since i was a kid . separation anxiety involving my mom ... i would have panic attacks ( didnt know what they were then and neither did my family ) when she had to go ... purple , pink , blue , sea green , and more purple :D increased my prayer life .. not nearly where it should be but its increased . been in therapy for over a year . lost about 30lbs :D ive been an elementary teacher for the past few years . this year has been very difficult . it seems that theres a new law each day that makes my job harder to do . the pay is bad ( to say the least ) lol ... '