' i'm an isfj and i enjoy country music and i tend to enjoy really sentimental songs . ( my favorite song is landslide ) i'm willing to listen to most things popular , but i only really connect to certain ... 1 . you should . 2 . right . 3 . that makes no sense . sometimes people need assurance . it isn't coddling to try to help someone ; we all need it from time to time . your bloated sense of self-importance is embarrassing . i don't know if you think you're being blunt or showing tough love , but you just come off as a prideful asshole . to actually respond ... i don't think you can accurately assess them from their reactions to these sorts of things , despite the fact that most of them are in multiple videos . ballpark guesses , maybe . hey there ! this isn't a stupid question at all and it is a very common thing for someone seeking to understand their type to struggle with . you're not alone there at all , and the ... people who think they're better or smarter than others for starters haha . it sounds like you could be an si-user based on what you've shared here . i encourage you to explore mbti further and figure out your functions . you could very well be an infp but it's just as likely ... looking back on my original choices , i think caitlin is definitely an istj now . fits far more . i wasn't aware of that ! youtube seems more inclined to his personality type , but that's interesting to know . i don't think i really relate to what you're describing . it sounds slightly like fi , but i can't be sure . angelcat , i dunno if that's a fair assessment . if people understand the functions and align themselves with a certain type , who are we to tell them you can't be this type because x ? while many may ... well , his line of work kind of calls for a presence on social media . but you got me . pretty much this . i consider myself a teetotaler . jon snow seems more of an isxp to me and katniss is an istp . other than that we're in agreement ! i'd add sansa to the list of awesome sj starks , though . ( personally i think ned is isfj , cat estj , ... i think our understanding of mbti and stereotypes ( which we're both using ) are very different . as are our experiences with the types . conflicting si , oh no D: @ the bolded ... i definitely ... the popularity of certain topics and interests suggests lots of intuitives and especially lots of fi-users . there are a lot of infps in particular , from my experience . i'm not suggesting all infps ... while you have a point , i think there is definitely an mbti or at the very least a personality component to it . for example : ns are more numerous on the internet than in real life . not a ... haha this is a great thread but this one little thing got me ... i'm sure there are some , but tumblr ( and most places like it , like reddit , etc . ) is the one place where there are probably more ... it depends on the guy ( look at mammon and i - - both isfjs but have a very different idea of the ideal girl ) . i'd say an esfj would be interested in someone who's down-to-earth and practical and ... i think this is si and fe working together , to be honest . si remembers what fe felt during the conflict and it can cause an isfj to hold a grudge or obsess over the conflict or simply bring back ... you do sound like an isfj , if i had to guess ! especially the bit about wanting to know the background on something before watching ( i always do that with movies / tv / books / video games - - i want to ... i think measuring intelligence in general ( especially when ignoring that there are many different kinds of intelligence ) is a fool's task , but applying sweeping generalizations onto an entire portion ... i shouldn't be surprised by this , or this thread in general . i'm on the estp forum . but come on . you people could really use some sj caution in your lives . you're gonna regret doing whatever some ... there's the thing : intuitives do the same exact thing to sensors on this forum . you don't like my completely unpractical theoretical blah blah blah ? ( no offense , but some of you ne users are on a ... i consider myself devout ( though i'm not always a good christian ) . i think it is probably common for most isfjs ( sjs in general probably ) to have some level of religious belief depending on what they ... people tell me that i am . but i honestly feel mean . at the risk of stereotyping , many intuitives ( especially younger ones ) have very ( ironically ) shallow ( borderline pretentious ) notions of what depth really is . intuitives in general are more likely ... does sound like a typical isfj guy to me ! but while type isn't a real barrier in relationships , i've noticed that it can be difficult when two people are very similar in temperament . i can't say ... wow , i like the article but this is something that can be really hard for me to do . number 3 especially rings a bell with a certain person in my life . taking the advice is going to be difficult , ... spy : istj villain : intj rock star : esfp knight : isfj princess : isfj bodyguard : istp heir to a large company : entj martyr : esfj soldier : istj overprotective parent : estj well , this is just my opinion , but if i had to rank them , from most extraverted to least ( or least introverted to most ): esfp > esfj > enfp > estp > enfj > estj > entj > entp > infj > isfj > ... this is an interesting thread . i would think entps to be not very organized at all ... you know , inferior si . bronerd and foodcourtfrenzy - - i find it super interesting that both of you , entps , ... he definitely wasn't . i can't stand when infj's try to claim him in any way ; no incarnation of batman has been an fe-dom / aux . i definitely don't see intuition at all for supes , so you can scratch ... this is highly subjective . some people may think you are , some may think you aren't . it really depends on the other person's opinion , not so much how you are . why not ? si-fe can manifest in different ways . it is the movies that are different , not the character . batman is still an ixtj in the more recent depictions as well as the older ones ... those were a ... was my answer not good enough for you ? :P he's definitely an isfj . he's the quintessential isfj . comics he's an isfj ( sometimes portrayed as an fe-dom , exfj ) and mos he's also an isfj . not familiar enough with the other two . if type is related to behavior and thinking , and those are related to sexuality , then type is related to sexuality . as for those masculine gay guys you met ... yeah i met them too . i also met a ... i know a lot of extroverts that are like this , but i'm not sure about esfjs in particular . esfjs tend to be fairly open , but they ( probably ) will be hindered by their fe ... so most deeply personal , ... we are the prime examples of hufflepuffs , actually , dragongirl ! ( sjs in general but sfjs in particular ! ) nice post . :) it may be cliche , but i feel this way about the song landslide by fleetwood mac . probably lesser known , but i also really love the song the call by ... apologize to her , genuinely . don't just be sorry you got caught . give her some space for now but try to mend the relationship . admit that you were wrong . this is a difficult scenario . she probably ... i think there are far more mistyped infps then isfjs on the infj forum . but that's just me . shortage of male feelers in there . 28/36 and incredibly observant on the playbuzz quiz , cheapsunglasses . but it was a lot easier than the other one . take it from an isfj ... she's an istj . :P i think she's a pretty obvious istj . changing your personality type goes against everything mbti and typing systems like it attempt to explain . you understand that , right ? leaning a bit more s than n ? i don't think you fully ... i'm not impressed . personality develops over time , yes . you said type changes . it doesn't . consider me enlightened . i'm open to the idea of being wrong , but we're talking about mbti , i don't believe i said anything that conflicts with the theory . you , on the other hand ... '