' entp . or intp , i have blood type a + entps have the second lowest gpa of all types ( i googled it ) and yet i have got a 96 % and the only things i didn't get an a is in languages and history . i know i am constantly trying to grab her attention .. that infj girl . i think i love her or something . you people found any patterns ? how do you act when you see someone you love ? do try to grab attention ? treat then nicely .. ? since entps like change , and get bored easily , does that mean they're not loyal ? how deep do you ... i sleep fully under the covers sometimes on my back if it's hot , on my stomach if it's cold , on my side if i'm reading usually with one knee bent this is a bit off-topic , but how can god be human ? how can human make humans ? anyways my questions to god 1 - why do u have only one son , and why is your son human , if ure son is human does that ... i though god doesn't regret .. it's amazing how we all think of god differently , it's interesting to know what people think god is like i think you're a good person but you should have done things differently . you can't just hit some guy and brake his nose i think it could have been better in another way . i don't know i mean you ... omg but i thought i was a type a personality 😱 i swear i really think i'm a mistyped intp ! well if my friend asks me to go play basket ball with her i honestly would feel lazy to do so . but if i have chores or homework , it's not that i feel lazy , but i'm usually doing something else more ... i usually get really nervous around guys in general i think i have the same problem .. i thought it was my bad self esteem or confidence or whatever , i never thought it was because i was an i and not ... ok this is frm my diary so it's not well done me last thing / do u really believe we all ( every single intp ) can relate to the same things exactly ? really life would suck if there was only 16 types or exact same people . it's impossible . so ... maybe the f is strong for girls , cuz it's in our nature ( science proves it ! ) but maybe there is no such thing as a perfect personality because we all have different percentages , different ... something like that i get a lot , i totally relate really . but sometimes i feel like i need to be more scheduled but i can never follow one ! so i'm trying to be a j ( more planning less chaos ) . ... wow u troubled ppl thanks god i'm still 16 well i on the other hand . had to literally reject a few guys before they even approach ! im not saying i'm so lovable or anything but i almost always have a guy who has a crush on me ! i'm not even ... btw i'm a women and i feel ! ok ppl don't think i score 100 % on the t scale ya i wanna know omg i don't even know if i'm an intp but i always get the same result so , idk being so shy and nervous at places , but crazy wild around well known people :D always the odd one out and i don't know if it's my personality or the way i look or if it's just me feeling things ... wow infj ? i'm a fan of u ppl ! hey iq is supposed to test your introverted thinking and intuition and thinking , and ability to solve new things that's you have never seen before ( intp ) literally intps have all these traits which ... ya i think low self esteem and procrastination lol i googled it infjs are awesome wow how easy is it for u to study :/ i'm so jealous . really i don't know i shy away automatically i swear i don't understand why u think we're incestuous omg : | omg guy shy it's guy shy ! ! like red tomato cheeks nervous lool no joke ok dude intp girls are not that bad , like a lot of guys think i'm fine and i'm loyal like very loyal and easy going bla bla but i'm disorganized so .. idk i think enfps or infps wud be much more of a girlfriend and i guarantee she will make u happy or any other guy i also think girls with an f are much better i dunno abt other intp girls but sometimes i lie to say i'm taken just to avoid any guy even to think about approaching unless i actually feel attracted to him i hate making guy friends they make ... i believe i'm some where around 110-125 somewhere in between .. but i'm not sure i could be 109 or if i'm very lucky 126 .. i always thought i was one step ahead or my friends , however now and the ... financially entjs make sooo much more money than any other type like way up the scale entj's make ( by far ) the very most amount of money , and they're pretty successful ide say trying to be more open and extroverted will give u better chance with jobs and communication skills that are ... what is self oral 8-0 ! omg lol i have music in my head a always too i really am starting to unrelated to intps the more i know about them .. i don't know why i'm an intp . i not a mathematical genius either . i network and google all the time but books i barely touch ... hey i'm an intp girl low confidence or low seld esteem , sometimes bulimic behaviors and wanting to be perfect . procrastination is another thing and being unable to follow a plan all interfere with my grades and trying ... one reason why i never actually asked a guy out is because love for me is uncommon . another reason is even though i fall in love like intensely . like i would think a bout conversations with that ... hey i'm an intp and i always go through such stories , but because my friends and childhood friends ( very close : almost like family ) thanks god i don't lose them - i hate having to deal with people ... my love story ? loving someone and chatting with that person online for like many hours ( maybe 12 ) non-stop is very much like love to me . the farthest i have went is to get close enough to ... hey , i'm also intp , and i also feel this abnormal attraction to this one intelligent girl in class , believe it or not i was attracted to her before i ever knew she was so intelligent and the more i ... '