' thanks these are all great . not sure about constantly isolating myself though , but what i will do is leave the hang out when i feel i've recharged , and maybe scream quickly at other extraverts every ... also fire in more funny ones for st and sj types . its ok , none of them are here ! estj : power negation , because they'll never accept any of this . omniscience would grant all of the data and all of the actual patterns without having to learn anything . the only difference with having telepathy is that you'd have to go around the world reading ... estp : cold and ice manipulation , because their thirst for instant risk taking is likely to lead to having to put out a lot of fires . isfp : waterbreathing , because they're physically talented and ... yeah i know someone like that who i'm pretty sure is infj , only the alternate future / plan is implemented through reality warping in the form of magic mushrooms . i'd say her mind gets hurt . anyway ... fire in more if you have suggestions . entp : merging , because they see what / who can be merged and consider if rationally it's a really bad idea . entp : cross-dimensional awareness , because they ... send me a link to your thread . i wanna compare notes on this frontier of science . i'm an entp 7w6 . i would describe my life at the moment as a wide and thinly spread mess of unfinished projects . anyone got any tips for staying focused on tasks until they're done ? ? or does ... hi . i have no idea what its like to grow up in a third world country , but i'm also an entp . i was an entp at your age and i can give you some advice that i wish i heard at your age ... focus on ... i'm breathing new life into this one . i saw a similar discussion on another forum where they were arguing to death about mcnulty's type and people were calling him entj , entp , esfp , esfj , estp . ... was looking through to see if i have a type i might be attracted to without knowing . seems i agree with a lot of other entp entries , and i don't relate much to the others or don't know who they're ... yeah enfps and entps use extraverted sensing the least out of the 8 functions . it means you don't notice stuff that you could bump off or trip over as quick as other types . it sucks but i find ne ... i thought about if a superpower manifestation would be at its best mainly assisting in the inferior or the blind spot ( not sure what you call the function you use least ) . the conclusion i came to was ... [ precognition rather seems like an extrapolation of ni . intjs are ni-doms so it would fit better than telepathy . ] precognition would also fit , however it took me a minute to understand what you ... precognition would also fit , however it took me a minute to understand what you were saying in light of it being grammatically sound , which kinda proves my point . i'm thinking that intj types are ... oh definitely . immortality would be pretty crap if you kept aging . it'd be pretty hard to make new friends in the distant future if you were a skeleton with eyes and a skull full or porridge . i ... i was hanging out with a friend . i was barefoot . i had sharp toenails , and i used them to pierce and wear grapes on my toes . my friend was very amused . strange thing is i'm never hanging out barefoot . i'm interested in doing the soundtrack . i've been a soundtrack artist on an animation and on a few unfinished mobile games . i was working for a start up games partnership that got liquidated . i ... immortality wouldn't suit any of the fj types . teachers , counselors , providers and protectors would go nuts if they kept outliving their friends and families . i'd say immortality would suit entp , ... come on people throw you're thoughts in on what your superpowers could also be and why . if i get enough i'll sub-catagorize them by enneagrams . in time this could be the most accurate potential ... i showed this band to a confirmed infp friend recently now he loves them . they've always been a favourite of me and my entp brain . ... beige and grey . i find them lifeless , dull and uniform . they sap the magic out of the world . apparently i value individuality and energy . vibrant deep purples , reds , pinks , blues and black kick ass love this film . can't wait for the sequel . lemme know what you think . this is my first time doing this and i gotta say its harder than i thought to pinpoint personality types in films where everyones ... yeah i also tend to slip into a brittish accent if i have to say something that feels uncomfortable . its sorta how i sugar coat my words . i think being able to instantly sleep at will would also ... i'm a lyricist some of my all time favourites are ... you can't see the forest from the trees , you can't smell your own shit on your knees - marilyn manson , the beautiful people ( complex , ... i see where you're coming from but i disagree . with elemental transmutation you could turn stuff into gold and use the riches to buy a fighter jet and a jet pack . plus you'd also be stinkin rich ... interesting . one of the main reasons i'm interested in all this is so i can learn how to instantly change from being really entp to other types via xxx to enjoy and maximize on whatever life throws ... i'm seeing more conflicting opinions about types in lord of the rings than any other fiction , and this is my new favourite pastime . i'm usually one for analysis and never ending debates ( entp ) , and i ... teleportation would be awesome and i've considered it as a likely manifestation for entps seeing as its near impossible for me to be on time for anything . i too am very clumsy however , and i like to ... maybe you're already living the life of one person from history . the matrix has you ... probably kurt cobain . i like the idea of total artistic and emotional liberation in front of massive ... i arrived at these decisions based on which superpowers would best support our existing personality traits . my theory is that if superpowers were to manifest , they would manifest in conjunction with ... yo . thanks for the welcome wagon . about to post my theories on superpowers ( comic books , not political agendas ... fun ) hope you can all find it ! hello . entp and i've been obsessed with the revelations this knowledge has brought forth for a few months now . i've always been a pro-strange , misunderstood hybrid of ingenuity and stupidity and ... '