' aimless drawing is the best kind of drawing , in my opinion . it's always nice when the drawing turns out the way i want it to , though . but definitely , when i just put my pencil down on the paper and ... here's what i did with the ' drawing with a single line ' idea : uploaded with imageshack.us that's beautiful . i certainly couldn't do any of that , as i have major problems with color and composition . a passion for beautiful things is a pretty normal artistic inclination to me . with that ... i'd like to hear why you think the idea of inspiration is a load of bs . ;) personally i try to find something inspiring about everything i see , and analyze the world through an artist's eyes . this ... if women had more rights and power way back when , i think that might be a different story . anyway , i'm going to avoid the inevitable feminist debate by leaving the matter altogether . in his defense , there are plenty of women out there who wage war , rape , murder , stalk . and they often do it more ruthlessly than most men . image streaming ? i've been getting tired of my current style for awhile ( i've exhausted nearly every anime style i could come up with .. ) so i've been trying to change it slightly so that it could have more of a ... i don't know what i want to do with my art . visual arts has always been one of my passions , but i could never do it proffessionally . i am looking to improve my skills , though , and get better at ... that makes sense . writing or drawing something in a vacuum is really difficult . another problem i have , even when i have a stroke of inspiration , is a sense of apprehension . i'm always worried that i ... both the arts are equally difficult for me . my skill set is limited to a pencil , and some digital art . not much to work with either . xd always remembered it , somehow , as i need to pee . i was thinking visual art , but i haven't written a single thing in months ... how different are they , really , when you're thinking in terms of finding inspiration . i know some of you out there ... somewhere ... are artists . and judging by the previous art threads i've seen , a lot of you are really , really good . so tell me , how do you find inspiration ? i'm in a ... i have no idea if anyone else is like me , but that struck a chord . i sometimes try to seek out conflict , often without realizing it . us intps like a good conversation , and if it is a debate ... how can an intp stop themselves from trying to overanalyze everything about their partners , but conserve their own awareness ? weird question , but i've had this problem way too much . :P i love how my death glare stirred up this nice discussion .. :D i didn't read it until i posted before , so i'll give in my two cents : as an asian ( full-on , i was born in vietnam ) that mainly ... it'd be interesting to try to apply this to other cultures , i . e . how large is the percentage of intps or any type compared to the rest of the populations ... because cultural influences affect ... i've noticed this as well . conversely , there seems to be a large number of american / european ( white ) intp males on perc . but seeing as whites are statistically more numerous almost everywhere ( at ... . ___ . dear enfp , even though you're insufferably annoying at times , i think you're an amazing person . quit being so self-conscious , it's all in your head . take it from the girl who has analyzed every ... dear isfp , please see beyond your own desires for once and consider how others might be feeling . i know you have no experience with this stuff , but it would be nice if you were a little more ... i agree that learning generally isn't the problem , but then ... what is ' ambient life stuff ' ? i feel a little out of sorts , reading all these posts . i've always done remarkably well in school . i got high grades on all of my standardized tests , tested into the talented and gifted program , ... i have issues walking . i have a really bad habit of turning around to walk backwards when i'm talking with friends in the hallway or just thinking . it just calms me , walking backwards . thus , i bump ... any reason why you said bonjour specifically ? why not konichiwa or .. uhm .. hello ? xd so today i participated in the day of silence at my school .. i didn't make a sound for an entire day .  .. it was surprisingly easy . my friend and i were walking home from the bus stop , and we come upon this tall lady , with gray hair and a cane . she turns to us and we're startled to see that ' she ' has the face of a man . ' her ' eyes ... i don't know how to attach images properly , fml . my handwriting is really , really illegible . especially for a right-handed girl . sigh . ... at least i'm not using words like ' unpractical ' , infp . * impractical .. i just took the entrance exam that was required to enter the ap language class as a sophomore ... and i don't think i did too well . curse formulaic essay formats ! why can't we just write down our ... wearing a shirt that broadcasts to the world that you're introverted is kind of contradicting your actual introvertedness , isn't it ? you're extravertedly expressing the fact that you're introverted ... that makes sense ! thanks . xd that's what i'm wondering . the average human is naturally selected to have a larger social circle in order to survive . so if any human who has a below-average social circle , such as an intp , does ... i have no problem with paying for my own meal , i just said i wouldn't mind being paid for , because i'm cheap and any excuse to not spend money is a good excuse in my book . xd i do agree that one ... that's very true . i read somewhere that much of the brain is used in dealing with social interactions and it was because of this necessity to travel in large social groups that we developed ... are intps evolutionarily obsolete ? is that why we're supposedly so rare ? honestly , i myself can appreciate a guy who would hold doors open for me and make the first move . i have no problems with making the first move , but i gain respect for the guy if he does it . i also ... same ! i'm asian ( not korean .. vietnamese ) so pretty much everything i eat is waaay too hot bro for my non-asian friends . xd spicy food ftw learning that i was an intp helped me in a lot of ways . i always sort of wondered why i didn't have a bunch of friends or particularly cared about fashion / makeup / shopping ( you know , stereotypical ... oh my god ... i hate that show . so much . it's just so horrible ... i really hate people who lie because they think that i'm as weak as they are . i can take the truth , believe it or not . so don't treat me like delicate glass or something . i want to break ... libraries , bookstores , coffee shops , school , home . those are the only places i ever go . xd i find it interesting that he never answered the question . what are you planning to do with us once you find / capture / locate us ? o . 0 my username has been a running inside joke between me and my friend . whenever she got mad she would always say , i want to kill something ! and then somewhere in my mind i'd wonder what exactly she ... when you break up with people ( whichever way that goes ) , what do the remnants look like ? there's a lot of avoiding , and ignoring . we tend to go our separate ways and don't communicate with each ... i can't solve a rubik's cube . i refuse to look online or anything to find the solution ( because i know there's something math-related to do with it ... ) because that would be cheating . as a result , i ... my desktop is messy ... i hate to go searching for things or even spending too much time searching for things in my browser , so a lot of my favorite sites have shortcuts on my desktop . my desktop says ... don't ever ignore your kid , even if you had a shitty day at work and just want to lay on the couch and conk out in front of the tv . you signed up for it , don't shirk your responsibilities . my best friend is an enfp , i've known her for over five years . at some point in there i sort of gave up on talking with her about anything scientific / intellectually interesting . we spend a lot of ... '