' i think it's time for me to graduate from perc . i hate you all . see you bitches never . i'm indifferent to most . the only reason why i am for them is because of having off-days where i can be lazy and not get scolded . i used to look forward to holidays as opportunities to drink whatever ... to get back at you meddling kids . ew . online . even as an organized , neat-freak j-type , i struggled with online classes . work on your time management since the workload is rigorous and time-consuming in comparison to face-to-face ... sometimes it's difficult to determine one's boundaries though . in these cases i just assume that my partner wants the relationship to be strictly monogamous unless otherwise stated . ideally , i'd be ... making decisions in relationships has sparked some interest within me in how nts normally interact and solve issues with their partners . interestingly , i've noticed that the older i get , the more ... cheating leads to compulsive lying which i do not fuck with . yes and as far as i know there isn't another person out there that shares my full name which is why i dare not give it out and why i go by my common middle name online . last time i googled myself i ... game shows will get you guys rollin ' in the dough . shame that i have to drive nearly an hour away to get some really good thai tea . i don't realize it until the woman whose bewbz i was apparently staring at yells profane things in my direction . getting ready for the beginning of my very last semester at this dull institution before i transfer ... severe cases : act > cbt although cbt is the most common form of therapy and it can be affective , it takes a lot more physical effort which is draining . it was the first method i've tried even before ... how to make 100 on final paper with a professor who assigns books known for shock value : incorporate at least one nietzsche quote . easy peasy . the music scene where i live progressively just gets worse and worse . what's next on the setlist for september , bluegrass-screamo ? :d ry : i burnt my hand baking brownies . thx michael phelps . 567346 guilty of that a few times as well . : laughing : i don't know about other intj's , but if it was just an unfortunate mishap with no malicious behavior involved , i cannot bring myself to hate someone for that . a lot of intj's , at least from personal ... really the only useful story i got out of watching the news tonight is that the girl scouts are selling a new cookie flavor . turns out my doctor is still on maternity leave , and my military id expired which i did not realize until i tried to enter the base . not a good week . ick . considering that i never experienced it at full capacity because i always attract messed up people having issues with their ex and had only used me as a temporary distraction until the ones that ... hmmm , sounds like just another episode of the bad girls ' club . the great lengths i will take deleting and moving files onto my phone sd card just so i can watch the olympics without interruption . : frustrating : dude it's like you're not even trying . how pathetic . should i shave my head or nah ? smoke . eat cake . smoke some more . it's blatantly obvious that you have no intentions of trying to get out of your current situation . i don't know what to do . my ass . nothing annoys me more than someone who complains about having ... just noticed that every avatar i've had has been of cross-dressing men . ayyy rupaul hook me up with a sponsorship or something . yeah , i don't really pay attention to typing when considering relationships . asking someone their mbti type in order to decide whether or not i'd give them a chance is like the equivalent of asking , ... without my makeup on , my hair up in pigtails , and dressed in hello kitty pj's , i look like a suspicious 12 - year old wandering around the liquor store . ( and i just turned 23 last week . ) florida is like that estp getting themselves into all sorts of wild situations out of nowhere . because of the extreme weather and frequent natural disasters , there are so many storm-chasers around ... aren't xstj's overrepresented among doctors and engineers though ? in my dad's case ( istj ) his decision to obtain two masters was more to do with practicality , not so much for the fun of it even if he ... most of my friends seem to be xnfp's though i cannot be too sure . one thing's for sure that i attract a lot of perceivers . my two best friends growing up were both xstp's for some reason so there is ... if you also count xnfp's as rare than yes , i have an infp brother and enfp sister . the rest of them are common sensor types . oh joy . the westboro craptist church is protesting outside and one of them is in a banana suit . should i disrupt by putting on a gorilla suit and chasing him out of the area or nah ? i hate working out because my sweat smells like soy sauce . * casually waiting for the next wave of age falsification accusations against china during the next few weeks at the olympics * make sounds effects . it works like a breeze . is it possible to see a specialist ? whatexistsnow that you mention that most of your attention is turned to your emotions and the like , i'm starting to slowly revert back to intj as this is something i just don't do . most of the time , ... size 2 gauge in each ear . i almost always wear tunnels simply because i like the way that they look . i see it as a healthy alternative to self-harm too . but it's all natural ! lol even the occasional pot smoker like myself knows that this is a ridiculous argument . : laughing : i've spent most of my time on perc in the intj forum and that's part of the reason why i feel like home there . i don't feel that sense of belonging here in the isfp community , but maybe that's ... op can be my slave . maybe . i have and every test has come out intj with pretty high fi . although i do not trust those tests because they seem to inflate some scores . isfp traits i relate to : - recognizing that everyone is ... these are my exact concerns . i know i should not base my typing off of stereotypes but i do fit both descriptions of the intj and isfp . my se seems quite weak in comparison to te , but there's also ... only if they're not doing anything to change it . everyone has some insecurity that can potentially damage their confidence , so i'm just being realistic here . anyone else feeling like a piece of shit and down to show up at my window with a six-pack , some dope , and an invite to the strip club ? '