' to answer your question , yes . people are capable of using their iphones to record and take pictures of you if they please . every iphone comes with a camera and voice recording app pre-installed . ... there's a simple rule of thumb for people known for taking shit . if they're going to talk about someone behind their back to you , they're more than likely talking about you behind your back to ... death by black hole - neil degrasse tyson crazy and extreme thoughts are not uncommon . the human mind is designed to , and will drift off to thousands of topics every day . many of which can be unpleasant , although that is not your problem , ... disney's aladdin for sega genesis . it was the first game i have any ... a study in scarlet - arthur conan doyle something like this could be a wide variety of psychological and physical conditions and ailments . it could very well be a hormonal imbalance , medicinal effects , or even exposure to something in your ... open ' settings ' at the top right , on the left side of the settings page , there will be a ' my settings ' tab , under that click ' edit profile picture ' , then follow the steps to either use an image ... i am sure that it was . as i said , for anyone that hasn't read the comics ( and maybe should rephrase that as , anyone that's not a big dc comics fan and has been following along for a while ) , a lot of ... the last movie i saw was man of steel . if you've read the comics , you're going to sit there saying , no . no . that's not how that went at all . you're wrong . no . please stop . for two and a half hours , ... the main thing that people don't understand is that homosexuals do not choose to be homosexual . today's world and most modern religion completely rejects them and treats them poorly . in most us ... i create to express my inner thoughts and feelings that i otherwise could not portray . i find it to be a very ample means of dealing with or understanding my own emotions . two years ago , i was in a ... photo and image hosting , free photo galleries , photo editing would work perfectly . you can create different albums , leave a title , description , and have comments on everything you upload . it's free ... kingdom hearts 2 and birth by sleep have both done this . by that same logic , why limit the better gamers ? if it's the same game but more tedious because nothing but enemies that take twice as much ... i know of several titles off hand that have given more content for playing their games on the hardest difficulty . batman : arkham city and several of the kingdom hearts series have done this and many ... what bothers you about video games that you feel game developers need to know and understand ? there are a couple of topics i could go into that bother me about modern video games , but the biggest ... i am agnostic . a few years ago i was a christian , but began analyzing and trying to figure out certain aspects of the religion and ultimately did not agree with them , but don't want to go so far as ... resident evil 6 . generally an absorbing story of some kind , a movie , good video game , novel , or something an elder has told me is what motivates me the best . i see each as a piece of art on it's own and often like to ... in my opinion horror movies don't reach just what fear is . fear is a very basic emotion based on survival and wellbeing . there are many of things that scare people based on this , and even more that ... adding to your stress by worrying about your stress isn't going to help . at the least you need to convince yourself that failure or these feelings won't be the end of you . these circumstances do not ... when moving , you want to pack in the order of how frequently you use things . start with the least frequently used , and move your way up . also put them in the moving van / truck in this order as well , ... assassin's creed : bloodlines . kingdom hearts : birth by sleep final mix . if you want to put your youtube channel out there and get more viewers , then you need to make videos that people want to watch . good , original content gets a higher number of views , while boring , ... bram stoker - dracula . i see . so which part of europe are you in ? so , did you pick the username because of the quote , or quote because of the username ? ' winning again . and i don't mix well with the visually impaired . no . allow me to consider it . i win . star fox 64 . i believe that you need more self-confidence . commonly the root of secrecy about one's self is out of fear , or insecurity . somewhere along the line someone criticized you ( more than likely more than ... i'd like to suggest that you use the application rescuetime . this software monitors your activity and gives a weekly e-mail report on how much time you've spent on each application , or website . in ... i've always found william shakespeare's work appealing . the dry , desperate tone always gives a very scarce perspective , and tone at what seems to be an ample amount and ratio . the dramatic style , ... my first console was the sega genesis with the sega cd attachment , which i am still in possession of . '