' you're not even worth my time . have a wonderful day . no there is nothing wrong with that . actually your reasoning is why i like my villains . they generally have something that went wrong in their lives and they are seeking revenge against those who did ... don't worry red , there's nothing wrong with that . just listen to yourself . you said you can tell people's emotional status . that is a wonderful gift in itself . give yourself time . you'll find the ... that was me . at least have the respect to address the person you are talking to and not lump them all together . you did not simply tell us about that theory you claimed it to be true in your usage : ... then why do people sacrifice themselves for a higher cause ? why did the buddhist monks burn themselves during vietnam ? i've heard your point so many times before it almost sickens me . you are ... i think he was reading a bit too much into your posts tyler . any job that becomes repetitive can really make me tired quickly . i like jobs where i'm actively helping people ( mainly with emotional problems ) . the funny thing with me is i have to turn the music off sometimes because i get overwhelmed . and i don't really even listen to the music really loud . i generally have to be doing less intellectual ... the female body is a thing of incredible beauty but i find myself attracted more towards the face than anything else . most of the time , though , the girls with beautiful faces also have beautiful ... the creation of symbol systems is merely a part of the way most nf's express to others ( and themselves ) what they perceive or intuit . for instance i used the symbol of the web to express my ... yeah i always felt sorry for them too . especially the ones like dr . doom and darth vader . they had really crappy lives and always seemed to have the world / reality against them . i guess all of my ... yeah i never liked superman or spiderman either . vader seemed almost like a force of nature , something powerful and unavoidable . exactly ! i don't like a lot of villains but , like you said , the ... yep . couldn't have said it any better . :p roud : people are usually cruel because they are afraid of the pain that they , themselves , feel . they are driven too far by their egos to even consider to sit down and talk about it . so they like to take it ... yeah i can see that . lex was put through a lot growing up . as for the friends , that's kinda another thing that irked me about the heroes . the villains always seemed to operate on their own and i did ... when i was growing up and most kids would play as the hero , i would play as the villain . for some reason i would always gravitate more towards those characters than the heroic ones . now , the thing i ... here are a few good examples : today i was walking by the phone , and it rang . instantly in my mind i thought it was my grandparents . it was . i had no reason to think it was them but it just came to ... amen dude . i can totally agree with that . welcome sister infj ! the thing is i seriously doubt that this individual is an infj . infj's particularly like to preserve the peace and be harmonious . this individual does not . also infj tend not to show emotion to just ... it's not really that i'm indecisive , it's just that i don't care . i'm apathetic about a lot of things in life except for the things i perceive as truly mattering . i wish i could be that way . however , having observed the behaviors of most people i know that i can only be friendly towards them . not friends . simply put the behavior of a lot of people ( especially ... well i did pretty much the exact same thing . i've never really pursued much in life in depth . as my father says all the time about our family we are a jack of all trades , but a master of none . i've got a lot of people i know . but no one i really can call a true friend . it's similar to the topic of true love with me . i have yet to find a true friend and i seriously wonder if i ever will . yeah i'm a health nazi though so i don't do comfort foods . unless you consider apples , pumpkin seeds , and water comfort foods . those are just my snack foods . i dunno . i'm not one to wish i could change a lot about myself . i mean my weaknesses are who i am . even though they do limit me it's who i am . if i didn't have this weakness i would have that . life ... and you know for a fact this is an infj ? i'm not doubting your story i've just never really heard of an infj acting that way . chances are they've got a really negative personal life . yeah i totally forgot to mention the high i get from working out . good ol ' endorphins have saved me many times when struggling through stuff . naw dude your just expressing your f . for instance , like decided , i enjoy emotional highs . but at the same time i'm a notorious speed demon . going fast gives me a pleasant feeling . that's just ... yeah i've been trying to do a lot of that lately . i get a lot of premonition-like impulses . normally when i get these feelings i don't act on them but they end up being right . i'm really going to try ... thanks dudes . it's good to be here . yes , i totally wish sometimes i could step outside of myself . i really believe that i have some degree of add . my thoughts are almost constantly going . unfortunately , my thoughts can tend to be ... thanks sooo much holly and red riding ! @ holly : i've read a bunch of your other posts and they've been extremely uplifting for me . especially the one on how depression doesn't make you a freak ... all things are a progression of what has been . how could anyone not feel the way i feel , being who i am and having had lived out the unique experiences my life has had in it thus far ? yes , your focus ... yeah , i get that feeling a lot . i get soo worried that if i act in a certain way people will think that's how i always act or make assumptions based on that one action . that must be nice to have ... not my religion i donx 92t want your religion . ix92m hard enough on myself as it is . i didnx 92t ask you to die for me . a noble ideal twisted by sadists and perverts . i donx 92t want your yahweh . you ... thanks so much evilbyte ! your words mean a lot to me ! i know i'm complaining a lot but it is just so hard . i've been holding onto hope for sooo very long . the only relationship i ever had with a girl ... searching , observant , sad , emotional , and wanting . i speak from experience : it is extremely hard . especially when you become attached to someone when you've only just met them . i keep getting the feeling , based upon what i see and read , that my want of love is something that can never be truly filled because of the nature of other people . do any other infj's experience ... i see orange when i hear anger . normally you would think red , but i don't see red . also , i don't respect anger . so when someone is yelling at me i automatically become rebellious towards them . yeah in retrospect i can see how i rushed romantic issues . it's just like you said though , i've never had a truly comforting relationship with someone so i want it so bad i kinda unload up front . ... 1 . how are you today ? not good . need a beautiful , smart , kind female in my life . 2 . what are you thinking of right now ? that there is no way i could possibly prepare for the bio . exam i have on ... you know your an infj when you kill a snake when you were younger and cried about it for days . you know you're an infj when you put back a baby bird that has fallen out of the nest and the momma ... yeah . i need someone though . i was a-sexual for a period of my life ( or i told myself i was ) . i was just fooling myself . i really need someone to hold and be intimate with . will i ever get that ... good advice again . i just wish i could help a girl and show her that i want to be romantically involved with her at the same time . as for the overeagerness , i've had it explained to me like this : i'm ... haha thanks . all points were valid and well said . but maybe i should clear something up . i started talking to her a few months before i even knew she had a boy friend . she started venting to me ... trying to find someone beautiful ( outside and in ) who wants me for who i am . well i think it's because he provides a stabilizing force in her life . they first started dating right after she moved to my town ( that was two years ago ) . i think she's afraid to leave him . and ... go ahead . i'm all ears . '