' wow , pretty mature response from both of you glenda and tridentus prettty unbelievable . i don't think i'm an enfp ... more enfj i think but who ever knows anymore :P but regardless , i think its a ... m_dogg yeah i didn't mean that when i said most isfp's ... sorry guys ! i noticed your post earlier and i admire that you have taken that step to watch out for manipulation . most people don't care ... actually the book is called in sheep's clothing and it is by dr . george k . simon ... i looked up books on manipulation while dating the isfp because she was screwing with my head so much and then i ... type b thanks for not taking my post as an attack ... and thank you for responding nicely because you could have freaked out at me :) here is my take on things : on a slightly different note , ... enfj here ... my experience with isfp's has been all negative . i can intuitively sense when people are being manipulative and i have consciously removed that sort of behaviour from my life ... so i can ... thanks ! i have had some really wonderful teachers thankfully . but i guess i just wanted to reassure you that there is a light at the end of the tunnel ... i live very vulnerably now ... so i feel it when ... the way i have found to deal with being rejected once you open up is to be open with everyone . i have made my life such an open book such that nothing anyone finds out can hurt me . once you open up ... my experience with isfp's has been mixed . i find i get frustrated with the illogic in their behaviour and the fact that if they are very private , they may harbor negative and unrealistic views about ... epic post ... i can relate . i say take a chance ! :) i mean ... i think you should ... cuz otherwise you will be left wondering all the time . if it doesn't work out at least you know you tried and then you can start looking ... the fact that they whip you into the present moment . keeps me grounded . they're fun :) their memories and the things they notice are pretty cool . i usually only remember things that i have an ... dont you just love it when you finish writing your message and just as you are about to press send your computer decides to freak out ... haha alright round two ! kaly cool name btw ! :) you said some ... okay ... so i am a male enfj who has goals of one day being an amazing father and husband : blushed : dont laugh ... i know you wont :P okay but that said , as a guy putting so much effort into ... wow ... interesting thread ... im a bit more open with my feelings than your classic enfj but here goes : if there is someone im interested in , i generally spend more time with the person than anyone ... i am fascinated by this question in my own life . i want to pursue my own path but i am aware that doing that means i have to limit my interactions with people in my direct environment ... then the ... alright well here's the deal . you deserve better than that . if you allow her to treat you that way , then in theory by you sticking around you are letting her know that that kind of behavior is okay - ... i think you know the answer to that ... <3 isfjs <3 the isfj a little about me ... dangerous question . i could talk for days ! :P haha jk ... i've had a pretty crazy life so far . i am studying medicine in ireland currently but i am originally ... thanks for the replies guys ! :) shadowdust sorry to hear it didn't work out , but it sounds like it worked out as well as it possibly could have . it's nice to hear that people can still provide ... hi isfj's , i'm relatively new here , but i guess i fall under the enfj / enfp category ... i'm barely a j ... anyways , in the sense of relationships - i have the enfj loyalty and place great deal of ... thunder thank you for the additional insight . i am going to keep these posts close to me to help me work through the coming time . the reason i post such reactions and detailed explanations is because ... bluegiraffe wow , thanks so much for your reply ... i know that probably took a lot of effort reading all that and breaking it down . i'm going to consider the things you said . thanks for the advice . i ... if this might offer some more important information ... she is basically doing exactly to me what her ex did to her ... except without the relationship title ... because she thinks that that protects me ... bluegiraffe you probably wish you didn't ask now :P the following might confuse anyone and everyone with a brain , but i will try my best to articulate what's going on in my head . i have taken the time to try and figure out how i would ask these ... thanks for fixing my car love it ... wicked reply . i like you . ah , vagueness . my evil nemesis . ok . i am trying to achieve a serious relationship with her eventually . she previously and recently told me she isn't ready . her actions tell a different story : when we ... as an enfp man , i have and do get attracted to other men , but i have no interest in any sexual relations with them ... hope that helps i don't understand it , but over time i have come to realize ... : blushed : all of the above and allowing me closer to her heart : happy : hey guys ! so curious 0610 here is the difficulty . so much of what i am figuring out is on my own just based on my observations because i am not getting the feedback i need from her . so a lot of what i ... what if she resists having experiences because she doesn't want to get attached . i think its based on the premise that i will be leaving again ? for e . g . if i ask her to do something i may constantly ... hey ! :) thanks for taking an interest and for the support ! things are going alright , the last time we talked things were great , but i still do have an uneasy feeling because this is a relationship ... bluegiraffe :) glad it made you smile , part of the reason i said it was to make you smile ... i guess i was flirting haha but as usual , you are right about it complicating things , we don't need any ... first things first . you guys are awesome . your honesty and getting down to the core of things is so refreshing . i find that this lack of honesty is what is missing in this world sometimes - but that's ... : blushed : thanks bev . thunder + bev or anyone else - any input ? : blushed : it seems like i keep coming back to this point with her , as amazing as things are - she hasn't shown the effort to make the change even though it ... hey blue ! :) just wondering what you think i should do if she continues to ignore this suggestion . for me , that is a deal breaker . it is a simple thing for someone to do , and imo there is no reason ... i flubbed a bit and sent some supportive messages and kinda said a bit of what we talked about earlier ... to be honest , i am so busy with my own life that i like to deal with these things asap and ... update : she didn't answer when i called ... lol what a fail . i guess i'll back off again . @ blue giraffe , youre so fiesty ! its cute ! :P adds , haha i if i wasnt in med school with barely enough time to sleep ... oh , and post here from time to time ;) mayyybe i would , what do i get in ... it's definitely a challenge making plans with her because i'll be like let's do this and she's like yeah but then the follow through is a disaster . she reallly doesn't plan ahead . but its strange ... @ bev :) its a good sign that she is communicating her feelings towards you like that and another good sign that she got back in contact after needing space . the fact that you obviously didn't ... @ all of you :) wow guys , thanks so much for all the support and help . i truly didn't expect this kind of response . you girls are wonderful . i am going to reply to your responses individually so as ... thanks alot . ;) strange , i'm usually very good with grammar . i even use commas in the right places usually . bah ! look at this , you have me all grammar conscious now ! ! :) damn you ... that was ... haha ... i'm a self-improvement junkie ... and she has done more for my self-improvement than anyone else . :) i have had to become so much stronger because of this situation challenging me in ways you ... :) thank you so much for your answer she has acknowledged her feelings for me in words . she has said things like ' you are the best thing that has happened to me ' and other things like that . i ... :) haha an enfp would start a thread with that ... i'll get to the point because otherwise i might lose half , or all of you . ;) sooo , i have been dating this istp girl for about 6 months ... she ... '