' i don't know if there is a song like this in english ( recommendations anyone ? ) basic message : thanking all the woman i have had romantically in my life for being there . as i just went through a ... ars technica - best general tech news site on the planet [ phoronix ] linux hardware reviews , benchmarking , & gaming - good linux focused news site planet ubuntu - lots of community news ... no actually i use linux ( linux mint ) . a unix-like os similar in core design to mac osx ( which is officially unix based as of v10 . 5 ) . ( unix is an ancient os that many ( non-windows ) operating ... the best solution is to do a complete drive reformat and reinstall of windows . that is the safest and most secure way to un-mess up a system . even if you get rid of the problems you have been ... * needs to be deleted * by the way some questions : where can i read / post technology related stuff ? general chat ? how do i get rid of the pets thing ? thanks for the welcomes . i haven't been on here in a while ( i was one of the first members ) and it seems this site has really turned out to be a success . great work ! i thought i would re-introduce myself . i am a 20 year ... that statement is correct in terms of capacities but there are two other views you can take on it : photoshop and everything associated with it ( including price and obtainment ) . photoshop only ... maybe i should start advising people to switch to linux because it doesn't have a crappy pdf reader . =) i don't know why but people still use this stupid bit of software . it has a bigger monopoly on pdf reading than microsoft has on operating systems . of course pdf reading isn't that big of a ... ... communist . trust the people ! first rule of web design : copy people who are doing it right ! for example my city has this site : edmonton gas prices - find cheap gas prices in alberta rather than rely on your own updates it ... alright you get the position =) ( finally another person with a useful / creative talent =P ) you get the position of office it tech . if you feel qualified ... as for badwolf i do not feel that ... badwolf i am unsure of where to place you for the moment , you like independence but also want leadership . as for security , we do not need it yet , we are still young and mostly internet based thus any ... sorry , but it is a very j world out there ... to succeed we need some structure . but we will have casual monday to thursday ... friday is formal friday . maybe i should put you in charge of silhouetree . would you like to be in charge of advertising ( vp of marketing or chief marketing officer ) ? is that too much for you and would you rather still be in ... what do you mean ? can you draw ? or are you good with placing things on a page ? or both ? lets say for a moment i created a company , imaginary incorporated . imaginary inc is a primarily web based company selling a web based service . it is a hip , young start up with big aspirations but ... hufflepuff first , ravenclaw second , gryffindor third and slytherin last . ( i am inxp ) as for what i would teach : muggle studies ... is anyone else surprised by the lack of a mac presence ... maybe they are all too busy drawing / editing stuff for forums ? that is why i read engadget =P no sorry you didn't pay for it and ... sorry , but i am just going to count windows 7 as vista because i am evil like that ... but mostly because it is in beta / few are really using it right now because of stability ( although it is pretty ... sorry messed around does not counts as currently using . you just aint cool enough =P note please only claim to be using a operating system once ( though you can claim to use multiple operating systems ) . if i already counted from the other thread you do not need to post again ... i highly recommend linux mint for everyone these days ... it is basically ubuntu plus some drivers , codecs and default applications ( really makes installing it easier but you can basically do most of ... now , lets not get into an os flame war ... but here are the stats so far . i tried to be accurate but since the sample size thus far is so small and it is hard to count up indivual posts i really ... barrett's privateers creepy ... =P netbook : ( as you can see microsoft is clearly screwed if they implement the 3 applications limit for windows starter on netbooks ) less ... agree with you overall but b ] prisoner [ / b ] of azkaban was the best one in the series . the last two where really way to traditional find the item of magic and save the world plots . then again they ... speaker for the dead and xenocide are worth a read but you will understand what i am talking about by the end of xenocide ... unfortunately sci-fi never makes it on school reading lists , no matter how insightful or even significant it is . =( i loved all the ender books to a point but by xenocide it just got way too out ... the edit speaks for itself ... edit : you lose ... and your loss some of my favorite ( and free ) audiobooks :  i love podiobooks and i thought i would get some more people interested who may not have discovered their awesomeness yet . check out : www.podiobooks.com now i must warn you some of them ... no several people i know just need the bare minimum offered with windows xp and that is the capacity to run windows programs . of course i hang out with too many people in the world of technology . i am not so foolish to believe in things with little proof but wise enough to believe in things with none - a younger version of myself i hope so too since this is certainly a unique experience and might force the other sites to get better ... intpc for example has become intensely dull recently . * disowns the intp personality type ... : tongue : * i like random bike riding and walking if those count as sports . as for watching sports i like soccer and hockey ( i am croatian and canadian so i ... * wow someone actually considering my crazy middle of the night ideas * this is like so much better than intpc ... : laughing : though since this is a crazy thing to code it might be a better idea ... i was about 16 ... though i was way too shy to make the relationship go anywhere ... dam it ... the great irony of the iphone ... it sucks as a phone ... anyway i use the good old nokia 5300 xpress music phone ... though since i lost the earphones and since it has barely any storage capacity i ... i currently run ubuntu and xp in dual boot on my desktop . i use ubuntu for development and random web surfing , i recently installed xp so i could play civ 4 ... my main machine right now is my ... ... it is a more specific version of that because it would only let users / mods choose which threads are similar . this is just a random idea , i am not sure if it is even possible with the current software . the idea is to allowing the pairing of threads ... this would basically link the threads together through a ... famous quotes thread is kinda redundant in that people post quotes that are famous and that we have probably heard a million times ... this thread is for un-famous , un-mystical , etc . quotes ... for ... i have no idea why i go for red heads ... i think it is because i forced myself once to like this red head , and then i forced the liking of another and before i knew it established some kind of strange ... it is snowing of course ... and i am not kidding it is actually snowing right now . '