haha , thanks . i've actually considered taking it apart , though i don't think i'm quite ready to part with it . looks like i'll have to take it to apple afterall :( there's an importantt cd stuck in my macbook . not macbook pro , just an old school macbook . i've tried looking for a solution online but nothing works . my macbook won't even read it . help i should be studying / working but all i can do is think about conspiracy theory like things . it's getting obsessive . i'm sort of worried . but i kind of love it . hahah wanted traits 1 . loyal 2 . sincere and upfront / direct 3 . curious ( so as not to get bored with me ) 4 . smart in pretty much every way ideally , haha 5 . same sense of humour as mine turn off ... i am stupid at knowing famous people . i didn't know if michael jordan was alive or dead last year . i had no idea who jenna mccarthy was when my entire class was talking about her . i wouldn't be able ... a previous boyfriend of mine used my body to literally outline his ex's genital specifications . while we were in bed . i stayed with him for a month or two after that , but somehow i just felt really ... i meant this for online friends pretty much exclusively . i do it mostly subconsciously . not really jealousy so much as a frustration that they were insensitive , so i'm mirrorring it back to them and ... i have no idea where you're from , but you've made me realize how lucky i am to have been exposed to open-minded and free-spirited people . i understand that not everyone has that luxury . to me , a pair ... it doesn't make sense to me that you are unhappy yet continue to perpetuate the very system you claim to be trapping you . also , for someone who reprimanded people for living a passive / submissive ... that is your choice . to accept the system for what it is ( i . e . to allow it to continue , to reinforce and support it ) . others are fighing to modify the system . to make society just a little bit ... i feel the same way . the cooking thing is an interesting subtle thing that has pissed me off once before ( my friend is / was aspiring to be a chef and refused to acknowledge chemistry is essential ) . ... fall in love with someone who believes with every fiber in their being that there is no one else on the entire planet who knows you / is better suited for you / will love you better than him / her . and who ... dominance being equated to male-ness is only an association perpetuated by this ' system ' you speak of . i'm sure being strong and not letting anyone fuck with you are lesons both male and female alike ... personally , i've said hurtful things disguised as trivial / playful to friends when i am ( usually unknowingly ) harbouring some resentful feelings towards that person . i don't necessarily do it on ... if you know yourself and if you try to be as objective as possible , self-analysis can be pretty powerful . if those two criteria are met , i don't see any other person better qualified for the job . ... im in the same boat , except this applies to my emotional or even mental availability as well actions are highly variable , yes , but identical at the core . i heard ghandi was a fervent racist . i used to detach myself mentally and emotionally from sexual acts and let my freak flag fly , so to speak ... now i have a sort of disinclination towards purely physical sexual acts . to me , it's the ...