' you : say asl and die . stranger : i wasn't going to you : thank you . stranger : but i am curious , how would you have killed me if i did ? you : i would have put a terrible curse on you . stranger : you ... i think i have a crush on my avatar . every time i see it i turn a little more bisexual . that sounded strangely egotistical , even though my avatar is obviously not me . i've noticed that infp's have a tendency toward an everyone is out to get us / us and them attitude that i think is bred by ignorance and wrongful assumption about the motives of others . actually , ... overwhelmingly male for me . i listen to maybe five female vocalists . speaking of censorship , sometimes it does more harm than good : me getting rejected by a peacock , the feathery bastard . and despite my bony-ness in this picture i actually gained weight on this holiday : confused : yes , this is the real reason why i stay in my room most of the time . damn society trying to keep the fairies underground :d ry : this photo looks just like you impaled someone with a stick behind a sheet and blood splattered , and now you're thinking how am i going to get rid of this body ? i'm curious now , what are these unorthodox ideas ? yes ! even with strangers around me i always notice something charmingly unique about them and knowing i'll never see it again always makes me sad . i really need to stop eye stalking others in public ... ... and with your brain somehow still functioning so you can feel every pulsation of debilitating pain you will pull the sheets aside next morning to find a horse head in your bed . except this one will be attached to a live horse , and it ain't tame i would probably make a thread on this forum asking everyone what i should do . i would have no idea . i'm torn between having a strong natural spiritual inclination and realising it is caused by wishful thinking and perhaps some evolutionary motive that makes humans seek purpose in life . i know ... i think grace kelly was either an infp or an intp . she was said to be a closet perv though , so it may have to be the former . :p roud : lol , i wouldn't , ever , it's just the sensation of wanting something because you know you can't or will never have it that i think is very common among infp's . can you relate to that ? the way in which intuitive introverts are self-absorbed is simply different to the way in which other people are . i actually think they have a greater internal regard for other people , but just don't ... you know you're an infp when you look at the moon and get sad because you know you will never live there , even though you probably wouldn't want to anyway . despite earth having more land than you ... in many cases i think it is actually impossible to know the intention with which they were really written . it seems that with many lyrics , artists just express their feelings with a vague selection ... i'd choose flight , time travel , ability to switch between life and death , ability to switch to different levels of life , ability to create life . ahh , life would get so boring with all this power ... i have that , and i consider it a curse . now i'm wondering how many of the traits i'm envious of are not appreciated by those who have them . hmm ... :d ry : i feel like deep down inside , i could really care less what anyone else thinks of me ( including my thoughts about myself ) , but externally i am hypersensitive to people's judgements and don't have a ... i think the problem with the term nice guy is that it gained social popularity through females using it as a sugar-coated euphemism for weak or spineless to describe men they weren't attracted ... i once dreamt i was on a boat with dolphins and porpoises swimming beside me and then next day a group of dolphins appeared at the shore of the river i frequented ( only time i ever saw dolphins in a ... definitely the tune , though it does bother me a lot when the lyrics are incomprehensible . my admiration of some artists is also based a lot more on the lyrics than the melodies . if someone ... i agree that absolute black and white definitions are annoying , but it's also annoying when people believe that any exceptions to the rule or grey areas immediately disprove the rule . generalisations ... i've always wanted to fly , so maybe i would paraglide over some beautiful part of the world and bring a gun with me so i wouldn't have to land . some form of drug may enhance the experience . the shade of pink in radtaculosity's avatar , especially in nature . you know you're an infp when you watch children in public and think back to how you perceived the world at their age , how much they have left to grow , and how their childlike purity and sense of ... i'm always completely zoned out in the shower , thinking of a million random things later to realise that i'm wasting water just standing there . i find the sensation of being barefoot on tiles with ... maybe you could try mentioning the second conversation topic to the person you're currently talking to and see if they're interested in it as well ? that way you could eventually interject into the ... oh yes , i see what you mean . there's that problem with all celebrities , though perhaps modern celebrities moreso because their images are more stylised and pre-packaged . i think it is to some extent , in the sense that he amplifies it for theatrics and to make his point . but i don't think being an intj is mutually exclusive with a go against the grain attitude , at ... i see marilyn manson more as a creative intj . playing this over again and again : i love the video that goes with it . perfect . you are banned from this restaurant . you , your children , and your children's children ... for three months ( simpsons line :p roud :) i need to escape from the black hole of inactivity . i want something to pull me out of it . it would be great to have kids around in the form of nephews , nieces , or children of friends , but aside from that , no . it's not even a matter of not wanting them , just knowing that i couldn't handle ... i think this may be my favourite . what was that string you found in your dessert ? well , let's just say your raspberry creme tart was not made with raspberries okay okay , i'll stop being gross now . now that i've heard that abbreviation , i want to hear the sentence i contracted vd on vd : laughing : i always saw george harrison as an isfp . ringo starr could be an infp , though i don't know enough about him to type . i think jimmy page is either an infp or intp . jimi hendrix either an infp or ... tinypic - free image hosting , photo sharing & video hosting best compliment i've ever been paid : laughing : maybe people in the company of infp's sometimes think i don't belong in this world full of imaginative , creative people . all i want is to do while everyone else rationalises excessively about ... dear little ez , you will die at the age of 20 so live it up . i feel this would have been considerable motivation to come out of my shell . i've gotten over ( or at least accepted ) the fact that i'll always dislike certain parts of my body , and i now understand that liking your body is not always mutually inclusive with feeling ... it's not a word ? every site i've just googled claims it's a word : unsure : what , you're saying puppies , kittens , butterflies , and rainbows aren't all infp's ? ? '