'  i can't stress what a struggle this has been for me , and it still is . i have wasted 4 years of my life doing absolutely nothing but over thinking everything . i wish i'd just decided on something and ... heh , even i wouldn't date myself ! i'm like the most boring person alive ... it really sucks being alone ! i have never really cared about love , my inexperience with dating , or the fact that i have always been single ... but now it suddenly hit . it is like i've finally realized ... i feel braindead . i spent the whole day staring blankly at whatever lay before me , and / or sleeping ... i couldn't get myself to do anything , even though i had so much to do . i hope this doesn't ...  oh ...  . _ . i thought i was the only one with this problem , and i was not wanted here anymore ... so this was perc's way of kicking me out . border collie the achiever you've heard about this second-place ribbon thing , but really don ’ t ever plan on getting one . not a chance . highly competitive , you keep one eye on the best in show ... what am i doing with my life ? seriously . i feel detached from the world again , it wont be long ' til i shut myself in again ... i swear the same thing has been happening for last 4 years now . how do i put an end to it ? i want some guidance , ... lonely ... you're now chatting with a random stranger . say hi ! question to discuss : what would broda say ? broda = bro yoda you : hello , i'm a man cow stranger : hello man cow stranger : i'm stranger : a ...   this cycle is endless for me ... will i ever learn ? it seems like i am more concerned about losing my possessions , if i were to commit suicide , rather than my family or friends . i keep thinking no ! i can't kill myself ! i bought this and that ... i ...   ...  trying to decorate the christmas tree , but i keep getting distracted ... i'm scared of losing my innocence ( i don't mean my virginity - . - ' ) ... i'm scared of moving forward , and stepping into the cruel reality of adulthood . technically , i'm already an adult ... but , i still ...  i wish i could escape ... or just disappear . forever ! i think i'll skip school tomorrow , too ... it has been two weeks now anyways ... i have avoided writing anything in any of the threads here because i feel really stupid whenever i ( try to ) write something ... i spend hours trying to express my thoughts and feelings , and do my best ...  day wasted sleeping ...   hopeless and lifeless . i feel like giving up ( actually , i have already given up ) on school , my future , and life altogether . now , all is left to do is sit and wait for death . hated the song at first , but now i'm kind of addicted ... always happens with me when listening to marina ... :/  ...  ... when you spend more time talking to the mirror than actual people . maybe that is just me , but i spend hours in the bathroom in front of the mirror making up conversations , imagining myself ... words are not enough to describe how much i love this man and his music ! '