' oh and , immortality . that's the most important thing . i'd love that . i want to be elitist and look down on the pathetic mortals . i am an entj and i have some anger issues , which i'm working on . it's just the moment you see how stupid people are , and you just want to strangle them . syndra is absolutely entj . i am entj and i'm pretty much syndra xd i wasn't kidding . the topic says it all ; what's the best way to describe mbti in short to someone who doesn't know it ? what's the best way to describe the dichotomies by examples ( for example , the differences between ... i just can't communicate with them on any level outside of superficial small-talk . with estj's at least i can respect how reliable and honest they can be , and they value shit that works . with ... i always say i hate kids , but i'm lying . some kids are okay . like the ones that produce my clothes in bangladesh or china , so my clothes are cheaper . i despise animal rights activists , pro-palestine / anti-israel activists , and i love fur in fashion . i think there is no such thing as growing out of rational egoism / objectivism . all it means is that you find out life isn't as easy as you first thought , and instead of growing a pair and dealing ... i could use some relaxation . i am overworked and have serious back pain . ^ this . i'm not trolling nor am i unhappy . i just love beautiful things , and i've always adored high fashion , even as a kid . also , you can always have plastic surgery , and through transhumanism you could ... was i the only one that , as a kid watching 101 dalmatians , hoped they would fail to escape ? i was so curious to how cruella de vil ’ s coat would look ! i wanted to see it and i cried about never ... honestly , i can overlook any flaw if they have enough intellect to compensate . it's like with dr . house : he doesn't obey the rules , he's an asshole to everyone , he's an addict , but they tolerate him ... what's the concept , give me an estimate , describe what's going on here . i'm working with insufficient data . [ answer ] so if i'm correct , i can pretty much assume that ... * improves the other ... you can argue quite easily for baby rape , here goes : some people enjoy raping babies , and babies aren't self-conscious enough to have a huge issue with it . there is no sound reason why baby rape ... you disgrace the tag of entj by pretending one can argument for lunacy and still be rational . this exchange is over . nice assumption of gender there , hero . blah , blah , blah . go to church or something . i don't intend to stay one forever :) * transhumanism * dear intp , i sincerely respect your deep ponderings , and you make an excellent conversation partner . but please , for the love of yourself , get off your damn ass and get something done , your good ... i'm slutty outside relationships . monogamous inside . ^ ^ this . i respect your right to hold that opinion , but please ... let me tell you that you're wrong . if it has superior intelligence to a natural human + it created itself , i'm in ! life is not a movie . also , true love isn't true if you love someone who doesn't love you . that in essence means you don't love yourself , and without loving yourself , true love is not possible . give it to me please . i needs it :P i'm not naturesexual :P i'm syntheticsexual ^ ^ blah , blah , blah , go cry at the creation museum - your god is a farce , created by man in man's image . this exchange is over , i don't have the proper training to handle delusional people . that's so cute ( entj here ) you can use money to improve yourself , unless you're too stupid to do so . improving yourself can be used to become happy . than you can buy research on therapies to fix that . you'll probably need a lot of money , but still ^ ^ opinion : people who think money can't buy happiness either lack knowledge about themselves , or lack knowledge about the possibilities of technology . or they don't have enough money . what other option does one have when one seriously asks for advice for basing their relationshop on a fantasy book ? maybe we can also debate hobbit-elf relationships while we're at it ? you sound like my exact opposite . the more unnatural , the better . they are gorgeous : i'm monogamous , but thank you :) but his paradigm is false and he does need to change is . that's sort of the point . he just doesn't realize it's wrong . this : a futuristic fashion sense , silver / purple / blue hair ( or dreads of the same colour ) , not too fat . personality profile of oscuria ( personality type , multiple intelligences ) just got these scores ^ ^ i'm in the work of starting a new venture right now ; entrepreneurship is awesome . i really feel in my element and it makes me happy . i don't understand why everyone doesn't want to do business ; it's ... i'm a cynical and vicious person , and i don't cheat . not because it's unethical . but because it doesn't make me happy . i value monogamy . it's selfish . i find having a relationship with sexual ... blah , blah , blah , arrogance , blah , blah , blah , try-hard snark . go do something useful . maybe write a book ? that kind of reminds me of how i respond to compliments : hey , that haircolour / top / whatever looks really good on you ! - me : well yeah , that's why i put it on ... you know , you really have a ... it is something i believe in very , very sincerely . i define them as abstract principles ; usually victory over nature ( what i happened to be born with ) by my free will ( what i want to be ) but also ... true , i use ni a lot . in social situations , i use a combination of te and fi ; i logically analyze my surroundings , think about what's going on , and match this with my personal beliefs and goals ; do ... well , i just wondered about this .. basically , whenever i read about my type i read that entjs are very strict with planning and organizing . i do recognize this , only .. i do this on a very macroscopic ... what i meant to say is that it's the prime moral imperative in my philosophy ; i have written a book on philosophy ( well , it's almost done ; it's due to be published in november - i call my philosophy ... this is bullshit when someone gives some inane , completely incorrect pseudopsych explanation of why i just did / said something : you should submit the method of deducing that in to the apa in a ... '