' hi , i am sorry you are feeling stressed out and turbulent . i know that is a difficult place to be . your question is a really complex one , and i have five or six different thoughts ... i'm 8 months into my second long-term relationship with an enfp . my first one lasted two years , was amazing when it was good and a nightmare when bad , and eventually devastated both of us . i ... devil ! this is gonna sound corny as hell but i'll say it because it's true ... no one can really love you until you love yourself . because at the end of the day you won't let people love you , and you won't ... dear infp , you strange , lovely girl . i have no idea what you are thinking . i don't think you have , either . whether you are wearing black lipstick , frowning thoughtfully , and crossing your arms ... dear entp colleague , it is a bizarre pleasure to sit next to you at work . i enjoy your pointless ramblings and witty rejoinders . i never know what you are going to talk about , or where the day's ... developing fe ... yeah , been working on that for 10 + years and still got a lot to go ... as an fe-user , i pick up a lot of energy from other people that i don't know what to do with . when i don't ... i'm sorry for what you've been through . i have also seen the way people avoid witnessing the despair of others . it's to mask their own guilt and shame . we have to admit that we all do it at some ... i agree it's unfortunate that intjs are portrayed as robots . it makes it easy to overlook the deeply human and moral insights intjs can provide with combined ni-fi . it also makes it more likely for ... hmmm , was going to respond earlier but am glad i waited , because now i have more of a sense of what you mean by politeness . i think i get what you're referring to . you're referring to the special ... i know i've been on perc too long when i let myself get triggered by idiots and am mean , callous and judgey to everyone i care about . or can i really lose it that hard after being home for 8 days ? ... this site makes me think of you guys . :) i especially <3 the algorithms at the bottom of some of the recipes . recommend the lime-marinated grilled chicken ... infj . i have a ba in anthropology with a minor in french language and literature . i'm now doing a dual master's in social work and public health . it's a pretty good fit and i'd recommend it ... lemon ants paper lollipop sticks palolo ( the sex organs of samoan sea coral worms ) all manner of intestines … a midwestern “ ambrosia ” conch is probably one of the strangest , chewiest things ... coming from an infj , just my two cents , this chick is not an entp troll . way too sensitive and general lack of sense of humor . this goes beyond normal . if i had to analyze , based on the levels of ... very much like what mrslunk has to say . i can't speak for all infjs , but my experience : early 20s one-night-stands : embarrassing , painful , and shameful . usually happened drunk , and did not have ... hi chad , good question . i think that ni is hard to verbalize because the process is largely unintentional and spontaneous ; we reach conclusions and generate ideas through a process of subconscious ... i like to think that i'm adventurous and ( pseudo - ) organized . so i can't have that ;) i would say the main difference i've noticed between me and my p friends and isfp ex-fiance include a j ... i'm definitely intuitive . isn't dominant ni the whole thing that distinguishes infjs ? frankly , the ethical infj description seems so ... un-infj to me . dramatic ? loves to be the center of ... omg yes yes yes ! this is what initially attracts me to most entps . i am polite and restrained by nature ... so i am attracted to the opposite in others . just be your hilarious , blunt self ... please ... i have an entp friend who has said that , to be frank , his main motive in life right now is to make money . he's a smart guy who dropped out of a phd in applied mathematics , and i think he's feeling a ... no , most of these don't have much to do with the development of ti at all . they seem to have more to do with changes in how fe is functioning . my ti doesn't really govern how i relate to other ... dear self , please never forget the following basic rule of thumb with regard to jokes : funniness + good taste = acceptability if you want a joke that's slightly offensive to go over well , ... dear entp auto mechanic old enough to be my father , how much flirting / time spent in your shop / unnecessary personal phone calls are going to be required before you fix my car ? i enjoy sipping ... i don't believe in ghosts . but i saw a bunch of them one summer when i was about 8 or 9 . it was late at night and i was laying up in bed at a cabin where we were staying on vacation . i saw a pair ... yup , i know this feeling too well . been here myself with several entps . i think your insight and instincts are right on . i think i was alarmed by the intensity of my attraction to them . entps make ... i practice soto zen buddhism and i've done a 10 - day vipassana course as well . right , good point . the emotional angle is a more westernized and trendy take on meditation than most traditional ... i think you hit the nail right on the head . meditation is not necessarily a relaxing experience , nor is it supposed to be , though it is being repackaged and sold as such for western consumption as a ... dear intj , stop texting me you want goodnight kisses . if you want a kiss , you have to show up for the date first . i get that you're on a different time schedule and all , but last time i checked , ... this sounds lovely , however , a bit more like my ideal daydream of how i would respond than how i do respond . 1 ) if someone i'm close to and who i respect is cruel , i will be hurt and confused and ... ahhh :) nice to see you , my friend . fyi , your inbox is not accepting personal messages until you clear some space . lol well-put ; this encapsulates many of my relationships with intjs , particularly males . i'm hopelessly attracted to them but do not trust them ; there's something in that cold and scheming te that ... i was in a relationship with an intp that was probably , looking back , one of the most satisfying , stimulating , and challenging of all my relationships . also , the sex was hands-down the best i ever ... a beautiful agony each waking moment ... through valleys low , over summits steep , tripping once more , i stumble on . i think anyone can be a jerk . personally i sometimes like nt-jerks because at least they can be reasoned with and have a clear cause for jerkiness . nf jerks are harder to deal with because the ... initially , validation from other infjs to feel better about myself . now , mostly to understand my friends ' / love interests ' / acquaintances ' types better so i can interact with them more successfully ... lol . i ( and my fellow submissive , personality-lacking co-types ) surrender ! ! i meditate regularly at a zen center , and i am friends with several entps who meditate regularly . i know they benefit a great deal from it . if you think that meditation is about turning your ... i think juno was an entp , too . also , pregnancy does weird things to people ... thanks op for posting a topic i've always been interested in ! i second sally and jack from the nightmare before christmas - jack is my prototype for an entp ! - and calvin and hobbes , and i could ... hello fellow infjs , it's no secret we have high standards , both for ourselves and often for the people we care about . i try to be supportive of the important people in my life , but sometimes i ... yeah . man . so you moved all the way down to be near her , and nothing comes of it . and then it's pretty rocky and dramatic for a while , and now you're stuck , alone , in this new place , with a new ... that's right on . there is a lot of internal conflict , and he totally sees and capitalizes on it . i hate feeling like i'm being mean , and i think he capitalizes on that too . but with - at least ... hey melchiz , i don't think it's rare for people to fall outside the lines at all . the 16 types are approximations based on clusters of traits - no one is exactly an infj . we all have tendencies ... hi occam , i found this article about dealing with nihilism . is this what you're talking about ? strategies for dealing with emotional nihilism - less wrong it looks like a lot of the ... i'm having some trouble with an overly-aggressive enfj guy friend of mine . i'm just friends with him but he's got feelings for me . we hang out a lot , because i enjoy his company ; he's one of the ... dear intp , you ask the most deceptively simple but profound questions . do you ever get tired of being misunderstood ? i realize that we steamrolled over your point in class without giving it due ... sometimes when i'm in the library or at work i take my headphones off over and over again to check if anyone around me can hear the awful music i'm listening to . : tongue : i remember reading les miserables in study hall in 9th grade , and reaching the part where the soldiers finally corner enjolras in the corner of the abc cafe , and he stands up and makes this inspiring ... '