' no , never . i'm used to being top , i won't feel guilty about it , at least in the top few . it's ridiculous what teachers praise you for . just to do with what books i read as a kid , and my parents ... i like anecdotes . i don't know how to talk about feelings - i can have a stab at it , but i usually get fed up with it - and i don't have a one size fits all phrase to use on people who do know how ... book about the berlin wall critical essays - sons and lovers book about paris the disciplined mind - howard ( ? ) gardner . i don't know why he has put a picture of himself looking very young on ... hmm ... not really to the dark fortress thing , although i'm not sure if i could have a relationship now , i feel rather too distant for that ... the last was when i was 15 , three years ago , and in the ... i don't want to talk about intelligence , because i'm sick of thinking about it and comparing and wondering about it , but just in general ... people make it quite clear that i am different . i don't ... quiet observation for a while - and then a gesture . someone who might understand that i could like them , too , but that if they feel all comfortable with this and become too familiar all at once , i ... i think possibly ... if i got out of sixth form , stopped doing these useless a levels , then it would be a bit better , maybe even a lot . i think that how i am feeling now is not linked to anything , but ... well , because it's a habit . and also because i am trying to find things to claw back my sense of self and if i can find anything at all to provoke a little change in feeling i might feel pleased ... the one i like most is the second from last one - the piano is absolutely beautiful ! it's very regal , and you look like you've succombed . like the piano is traditional and longstanding , and white and ... # 2 , it looks like snow (: good luck ! 1 . what mbti type are you ? i think i am infp . 2 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is english / language arts in school ? one ( easiest ) . 3 . on a scale of 1-5 , how easy was / is math in school ? one . ... i read books , yes . i also like tv . piano ! my father bought me an electric piano a year or so ago after having had a droggy old keyboard for ages . it's amazing . you'd think the feel and touch would be quite different but it's pretty ... - laura pausini - doe maar - blof - france gall - jeanne moreau ( she was primarily an actress , but a singer too ) - bloem - boudewijn de groot - heroes del silencio - d . a . d ( who are danish , i ... jazz ! i love to make jazz . my first piano teacher and i would spend all lesson improvising ... blues and jazz and soul . it probably sounded very eightyearoldish but it sounded fantabulous to ... people who make incessant little clicks with their tongue , or people who are noisy eaters . the type of people who manage to make a bowl of pea sound sound like a three course meal . or people who ... what is flaky ? is it hypocritical , indecisive , nasty ? i'll take wishy-washy as my meaning . i am fairly wishy washing . the thing is that i'm very bad for wanting to get things done quickly , so ... i usually irritate the people i'm watching it with with saying ten times the same thing - did you see that ? ! ? ! he cut off that woman's head ! , and so on for the next twenty minutes . since there are ... i have chided my parents for giving in to me ... but the teacher was a real witch anyway , and apparently i was rather troublesome in the class ... i'm sure you will be that kind of parent if you want to ... i'm told i read very fast . i had an interesting conversation with my optometrist some time ago . she showed me a book with pictures of the way people's eyes kind of trace the words . slower readers ... i used to do ballet . i liked it but then i got my hair cut , and i was too scared to go to class . it was still long enough to tie up . but i don't know how to react to all the wow i like your hair ! ... i think it is tosh ! as if your blood type can affect your character ! i am all for behaviourism . perhaps if you did not eat right and so therefore your blood became ill , you wouldn't be very ... 1 ) music preference ? i like rock , but i've always been inclined to jazz and soul and blues ... rock , though , rock i like classic and psychedelic and hard rock . i also like heavy metal - proper ... i live in my parents ' lovely house . i am 16 , so it is not unusual . it is very much in suburbia , but it is a nice house . it is detached and with a front garden with a brick wall and a tree with nice ... interesting thread ! ! so much choice ... gosh . maybe asher lev , for he has a talent and he has genius . i wonder if i will end up like virginia fly ... but i am not too worried about that , so i ... yas . i can't stand the casual arm across the completely undeserving shoulders ( the poor things ! ) , the violent hugging , the loud fake air-kisses . i can't stand being touched on my arms , i seem to have ... yes , i am the biggest one i know . as in , i have more than my fair share . i am like my mother , who insists that she has all sorts of ailments including depression and scoliosis , and my grandfather , ... ^ which are they ? ! i have a very long attention span and i hate short stories . i think the two may be related . i can't stand having to sit still and listen to someone talk , even if they're really good speakers , but i ... it sounds silly but watching my drama piece over again made my day . i and the other two girls in it had tears rolling down our cheeks ... it was funny ! it made me realise how deep a voice i have ! gosh ... i'm still in school , so i don't have a job yet . well , not a real one , anyway . i'm going to do something with languages . or i could do music . i'm not super talented at music , but i'd love to be a ... ^ are you one of those people who have surrendered to the digital revolution ! like people who have books on the computor . one sneaky little bug and your whole pixel-bound library is frazzled away ! ... this is a tiny fake-porcelain hoss named sergey . he is much more interesting than me . he lives in my room suspended in the air . i ... ^ have you another ? it didn't appeal to me much . for instance , what are lady legs ? unless you are making some sort of a hendrixesque reference ? ^ boodledanken (: what about you ? yes . my good little friend would probably sever all ties with me if she knew that i smoked - even though i am not a proper smoker . i am quiet because i don't want to talk to them . i don't swear ... i wish i was interesting , but there's not one thing about me that is ! i'm very ordinary . i like music , reading , theatre , running , tennis and i live in england . that's about it ! yes . i was told i was , but all that did was make me lazy and i became bigheaded . there's a difference between the work being too easy and the work being easy to you . as to the outside thing , i've ... ^ wow , that's cool ! my friend is going to malawi in 2011 for that sort of thing . i'm going to paris at easter with my mother . possibly haaren with my father after that , although probably not ... as in , on holiday ? or business trips or trips to grandmothers or trips to the seaside ? i envy people in hot countries now ! it is grey in england at the moment ! youtube - detroit spinners - it's a shame ( 1970 ) fab fab fab ! almost as good as oogum boogum ... oh to be in the 60s ! 70s , 80s , 90s , anything but this time ! i am extremely snobbish ... and i can't help it ! i reason with myself and yet i am the most dreadful snob . accents and where you live and what you dress , i'll judge you on it and i really do wish i ... yas , i recognise that . i cannot be bothered to face up to people and tell them why i am spitting blackworms out of my eyes at them . they tell me , ' talk to us ! don't bottle it up ! no use getting ... that's nice of you ... but i think that everyone is taken by unusual homes . especially now , in the age of individuality ( 50 % sincerity , 50 % scoff ) . everyone wants to ' get away to the country ' and be ... ^ i am about 2 % more f than t : happy : my whole childhood was one long imaginary playdate . usually they were friends that i'd wouldn't let myself get close to , and when i got home i'd play with them for hours . i still have them now , ... some high school - secondary school almost done with ! until june . then i'm hopefully going to 6th form ( year 12 ) and then uni . my family would like me to go to oxbridge or utrecht . i don't know ... bad craziness - d . a . d they are cool ! and of course they are ' proper metal ' . i don't know any gay boys . apart from perhaps my friend . he seems to like his male friends quite a bit . i do like to be in a church - i spent a good deal of my childhood in my dad's church , which is small and very friendly . i've made connections through it , i got into the school i'm now in through it , ... '