i think yesterday i contemplated if i was slowly going mad and that's why i started doing it . it's relatable , but i don't do it all the time or super frequently . i do it quite a bit at my job ... i'm absolutely broke but payday is tomorrow . taking a brief ride on the struggle bus ! i think what i really get out from it is that it's a change of pace . there's no longer a routine way of handling your day or anything like that . it's all fresh and new . if there's an event you're ... matt the martian i've re-read this post like 3 times . i really appreciate the time you took to break it down ! you've given me a great deal to think about and answer . i think the most important one is ... it's been a while . many months back i had no job , car , or money . terribly depressed about it all plus the fact i had to drop out of my semester of college . i don't think i can forget how it felt ... if you are a straight guy , was it surprising to find out about your type ? no , not really . it was pretty relieving to understand my type though . many other guys would think it was weird for me to be ... hmmm ... thinking about this makes me wonder . harry potter like a few others in this thread , harry potter was part of my generation . especially so that i was close in age to harry during the ... this has really made me realize how much of a lack of affection i've experienced in recent times , how much i really appreciated it , and how much i really would love to feel it again . i remember in ... yeah . i'm pretty sure everyone does though . i just am not an active texter / caller with anyone ( i'm such a terrible texter now and i avoid calls like a plague ) so most relationships are from times ... i finally got my mr2 back and running and on top of that a job ! i still need to do my drug test before i can work though lol . however i'm still broke . i'm addicted to arizona green tea . i ... i've seen a lot of various different personalities within the infp board and i'm curious to see how some infj's would describe themselves ! likes , dislikes , views , etc . i suck at describing myself ... a lot of others said it pretty well above .. personally since i love trance , i do think a bit of nostalgia goes a long way ( though it can depend how far back you're going lol ) . some people are all ... both , although i lean more towards liz . yeah , it's bad for mica that the person she likes happens to like her best friend , but i feel like liz is being treated unfairly over something she can't ... i've had some thoughts revolving around social networks these past few days . i thought it'd be interesting to see where other infp's stand . 3 months later and nothing has changed . i feel like a hamster stuck in it's cage running on it's wheel everyday . meh , in some ways it can be but it's all how you make it . personality type isn't the only thing that makes up someone . red . yes , ridiculously so . i don't even feel i know enough about myself to write something accurate . even if i do come up with something , after all that effort i usually just end up deleting it and going ... i don't have an exact time but i think a lot of these match up very well . i doubt there's any connection between this and being an infp though lol . name : astrolabe customer february 11 1993 ... occasionally . if i'm out with friends it can be a quick downward spiral because they don't get that same intensity i do in the moment :'( no . you might want to with good intentions but it's straight up cruel . i had a friend that went through something like that . crushed him to know that . - 21 - male - straight - 0 like most other infp's , i need to feel strongly towards someone . casual isn't my thing . i've had opportunities that i chose not to take and really a lot of pressure ... ultra music festival yesterday , today , and probably tomorrow . so many good sets ! keep focus on other things . yeah it sucks but you can go on . try to avoid chatter about him or his so from anyone who knows them too . i would give it a chance but i know an estj .. we're like oil and water . to get to the love stage itself would be a great deal of effort on both sides for each other . i need an actual interest for food . i must be interested in it that day . otherwise , even if it's something amazingly good , i won't touch it . it's like cravings but on some weird level . wtf . it depends on the attraction . if it's someone i don't know and am infatuated with , yes . she'd probably never know it . if it's someone i've formed a connection with , no - i'd feel a bit more nervous ... i'm repulsed by loud people ( ex : talk really loudly as their normal voice , as if they're shouting at you ) . i feel like there are too many variables for me to accurately answer this question lol it's very possible . it's happened quite a few times in my experience . it has also happened that the further i went on with one friend that i started wondering if we could become something more . it ... unfortunately , i'm not really looking to dig it back up lol . i didn't know it then but when you look at intj vs infp you can see where a few of my problems happened . mostly emotion . i spent a long ... i can't handle an estj as a friend so it's an impossibility for a relationship to me . 4 years . now i'm recovering from avoiding any close relationships with girls since then . i'm still hesitant . intj girl's really can break an infp guy's heart . well , it was really just the space of time between kindergarten and 3rd grade for me and mostly because we all shared the same interests ( beyblades , yu-gi-oh , pokemon , racing each other , etc ) . it ... making friends as easily as asking . having fun without worrying whether we're judged right or wrong for doing so . being able to role-play with your imagination . being 100 % wrong about something ... there's quite a few but if i were to sum it up it would probably be ' severely misunderstood ' . society and infp's ( at least from my perspective ) don't match well . this . i care too much about people sometimes though . i nearly always regret it once the roller coaster starts . i don't really have any questions , but it is amazing to me that so many people think certain people can't do certain things . your passion is like mine ( cars ) . i'm glad you've gotten back into it . ... primarily , although it also depends on what kind of person i'm dealing with . complete * * * of a guy i know likes to always put other guys down ( he's too much of a player to do that to girls ) and ... well , i love being a support pillar . especially so in that i try to bring a lot of happiness . showing affection is something i like too but i love mental stimulation and honesty towards yourself ... i literally just finished watching it because of this thread . i'f anything i enjoyed what didn't directly revolve around the mc . like what happens at her job or the dwarf ! arya ( eragon ) hermoine granger ( harry potter ) kikyo ( inuyasha ) sera kang ( the breaker ) mako sato ( initial d ) elie ( rave master ) i probably have others too . i've been stuck . i haven't had my car in 3 + weeks since the clutch went out . i haven't been unable to get to my college classes as a result , which has put enormous stress on me and my parents ... eh , i might be . i don't really know anymore . i've had bad experiences in the past that have left me wary of entering that kind of bond again . i honestly do both . drama is near always waiting behind your good intentions though . i can agree with all of you on many fronts . i've been feeling paralyzed by this and have been really unable to make a solid move so far . especially being on / off on college at a ' critical ' age to be ... i'm interested in hearing how other infp's feel about this . from my own experience , i was making great money and could have potentially made even more , yet as much as i was making .. i wasn't ... haha , exactly . maybe i'll get around to it with a bit more time ! therudemustache you probably mistook it for the avatar one - thats the picture you see under your name . also , on topic . these two tracks are amazing . therudemustache those are primarily the crowds i mean !