' intj's appear to be constantly calm and content , mainly because they rationalize their emotions . touche about the mbti . intj - taoist , it applies logically to all , scientific or not . i'm still logical and rational , just the premisses i spit out are total non-sense . how do unicorns shit rainbows ? i mean do they shit some sort of light emitting substance ? very versatile , versatile . definitely introvert , my chips are on infp . intj - i like minimalism and colorful modern art . you might also be an inxp . when people want me to believe something with a good or bad , right or wrong argument . it's not useless , just highly incorrect and non-sensical . most people talk with meta language . i love the weather , has no real content in it , but it does serve the purpose of bonding and even ... type can change over time , but over years , if it is a change during a certain situation , then it's a change not in personality , but in state . oh my god , it talks ! the lifestyle of fashion is not , however , i am highly vain and will not leave the door in shitty clothes . today i witnessed how an airplane ripped a cloud in half , it was the most epic sh ! t ever . mom ... no , dad ... sometimes . psychology . entp , i appear extroverted , which is most likely caused by my interest in social dynamics , i do have to recharge a lot though , somtimes i force my introversion away , it tends to rebounce though , ... i've had a rough start in life , i understand your discomfort , i was bullied when i was thirteen , i had a fascination for psychology and was always reading , withdrawn , introverted silent . now , i ... when i drink , my verbal filters disappear and i start chatting random shit about things like unicorns , or how cool it would be if i were a pancake , my verbal perfectionism just isn't there anymore , i ... you're the first to have found the fifth fallacy . please answer the following questions : 1 . what music genre do you listen to most ? 2 . do you smoke and / or drink ? 3 . what's your favorite movie ? 4 . who do you find the most physically attractive ... good point green girl ! cheers . dear lilysocks ... lilysocks really ? you're now being precise for the sake of appearing precise , ( my mother in law hates me for that reason though ) ' the western world ' is a list of specific ... it's not a conclusion ; it's a hypothesis and i'm in search for a conclusion . hitler had a mustache , does that mean that everyone who has a mustache is hitler ? is it just coincidence and random correlation , or is it true that more often than not , intj's from the western world have large blue eyes ? not only do i have big blue eyes , all intj's i know in real ... i believe i was born an infp and became an intj i went from highly insecure to highly confident in about two years , these two years changed everything . starting from age 3 , the phases are best ... are you sure you're an intj ? do you think women are objectively and logically ' hard to get ' in general for all men ? 1 . not all men want to marry and not all women want to marry . 2 . get does not ... i was in a relationship with an infp , it worked well , i was fascinated by her way of thinking , we completed each other ( not in the sentimental sense ) , i felt very comfortable with her presence and ... reject the basic assumptions of civilization , especially the importance of material possession — tyler durden ( fight club ) not from my perspective , not annoying , i find retarded extroverts annoying , infj's are beautiful people , very dreamy , caring and authentic , i love the presence of infj's , they are comfortable people ... no , we won't ; these are basic conditioning principles , not drugs . what's up with the last sentence ? have you had some sort of trauma regarding my input ? ^ ^ ah , a female intj , the 0.8 percenters . welcome , welcome dear mastermind ! when you're calculating the likelihood that a comet will hit you , whilst waiting in an elevator . when you have an agenda for your agenda so you can look in your agenda to see when you have to fill in your agenda . when you are the center of attention , then suddenly shut up mid sentence and stay quiet for over three hours . when you label your emotions with a rating , drawing a conclusion of whether you should follow logic or emotion for a specific decision using percentages and mental statistics . when police knocks down your door , informing you that you've reached the speech limit . when you are in a group , not saying a word for over three hours , not giving a shit . this is an introvert trait , i used to have this as a kid . it's indeed a by product of shyness and insecurity . do you feel like it would be strange to yell , or that you would sound strange since ... no , but ' making love ' with many of your threads by sticking your dick in the screen would be . 1 . public group sex 2 . drop on redtube 3 . let anonymous send it to the white house 4 . be shot by sealteam 6 5 . resurrect from the death . 6 . people think you're jesus 7 . transform in a cat using ... shit shit creative ? what ? cat's ? , intj's ? nooo . yeah , for intj's scientist , we do tend to base our thinking on science and methods of rationalism and objectivity , however we are better described as homo-universalis , i think the mastermind is ... hey , how are you ? nice weather huh ? ... after reading this , i picture you as quite an insecure guy , i think the fact that she didn't want you to know that she was single , shows that she wanted you as just a friend . i have been in the ... so , i ones drove a hundred miles per hour in first gear on the highway . whilst driving with an inflamed engine , robotic grannies drove in mariokarts , chasing me with rolling pins between their ... in what order , from least to most frequent , do you feel the emotions in the list below ? please write them as a list ; i'm not only curious if there's a pattern , i also like to create a statistic ... i'm a dutchy ! uiteraard kan ik de verleiding niet weerstaan om in het nederlands te reageren . '