' that's a pretty good summary . your write-up for sensing is spot on . on feeling , i'd say feelers are not necessarily more emotional ( since thinkers can have terrible emotional outbursts ) , but rather ... i'm at three confirmed esfjs , and they're so ridiculously humble and mellow that idfk what people are on about . it's like if people on the internet dislike someone , they're immediately an esfj if ... that's the most bs excuse for unmerited sass i've ever heard lol . it's an incredibly simple equation . ixim can you go more in-depth on those variables ? does ' a ' have defining criteria in ... yass . there are many instances where i could link this post . tps lmao cunning involves achieving one's goals . tjs , entj # 1 . that is true , although i think it's somewhat more of an fe + ni thing . elistra your first paragraph applies equally , if not moreso , to ti . the difference is that the ' rigid rules ' are construed in one by feelings and in the other by thought . i also think you ... okay . i thought you might be an intp , since ti and fi are easily confused , but i don't think there's anywhere near enough evidence for that . i've never heard anything like that about fi ... it does ... u wot m8 i had to read this over a couple time to understand properly . i'm not sure why my shitpost prompted this , but it's hella interesting . you're saying the intp's rampant nihilism / absurdism comes from ... this thread has pulled a 180 and become an fi circlejerk . in response , i redact my previous comments ; fi is shit . while we're at it , fe is shit , too . everyone is shit . simpson 17866 you're still putting far too much stock into a bs experimental self-report test . to a degree , same with op . in general , if you get different results on the same test in a small ... lol neither do i , i just like asking people shitty questions ok , that's more or less what i thought . attention to detail is sort of related to a sensing outlook , but both memory and knowledge have zilch to do with any cognitive functions . sensing is ... i can't cry on command or otherwise . ferroequinologist octavarium also , isn't culture the sum of it's individuals ? if there actually are more sjs , would that not create an sj culture ? chicken v egg basically . i go to fe types for practical relationship advice . i go to fi types when i really need some hardcore emotional support . it's as though i can always exploit fjs for love , a quick easy fix , ... when you say developed si , what do you mean by it exactly ? i'm under the impression that you can't really develop specific function-attitudes like that ... intuition necessarily represses ... because function tests are not empirically valid and don't work ? they always give me a shit ton of fi because i'm not , you know , a heartless godless no morals robot . on the contrary , introverted ... this is a hard pill to swallow , but it might well be the case ... she sure likes me as a friend , that much is obvious . i've never been anything but hella kind to her , which i think impresses her in a ... this is gonna be a big one . i'm sorry . i met an isfp girl last summer , and although i hate to use the term , it started as something of a fling . hitting it off quickly , getting drunk with our ... : shocked : ... : unsure : ... :p roud :( : frustrating :) i feel my 9 point much , much stronger than my obligatory intp 5 point , but i've read opinions that stated that as an impossibility . i'm sure anyone typing me would initially peg me as an ifp or some ... someone's gotta bring duality to these mbti heathens once and for all . people believing they shouldn't get along with their four-letter opposite feels like such a waste . ime istjxenfp is highly ... yes , i do mean more behavioural than rationality / irrationality . this is presented metaphorically in the terms themselves ; judging and perceiving are verbs while rational and irrational are ... yes . it's in the posture , movement , speech , styles of dress , and a little in the eyes and smile . socionics - the16types.info - visual type identification edit : disposition is similar to ... i'm sorry but i disagree with you so much , your approach is the bane of my existence . i'm fully willing to debate you rite nao but i gotta go for a few hours . yeah , j and p are frustratingly imperfect indicators . as a rule of thumb , j / p has more to do with behaviour and j / p has more to do with disposition and has a visual component . yes to the last ... in mbti the j / p designates whether someone's first extroverted function ( how they interact with the world ) is a judging or perceiving one . in socionics the j / p designates the type's rationality or ... intp what a great bunch . i still don't know any others irl except maybe my absent-minded astrophysics teacher who never had his shit together . the subreddit is pretty disconnected from reality and ... this is true , so instead of making assumptions i'm just gonna pull some jung out of my ass ! ! : shocked : actually this is still written by a ti dom , but hey . it's something . yes , because ns are clouds of floating consciousness and do not possess physical bodies with which to do things like dress up . holmes - intp bbc , entp rdj . ti-ne is his whole deal . he sees all the ... the istj's dual is the enfp , enfj is the confictor . if you read about duality on socionics websites , it'll say istj -> enfj , but there's a j / p switch for introverts when translating mbti to socionics ... i love this . entps get too much of a good rep on the internet . i must tear them down : exterminate : cause them enfps love dat site ( they do ) . maybe you found a dual ! or maybe they're an esfj and they're friends with everybody . those types look the same on the surface . how do i know when an esfj is interested in me , or even flirting , or if they're just being an esfj ? 17-8 yo . we didn't talk all that much ( only when we happened to see each other ) until i started ... there's a monster discrepancy between this place and the real world . intjs , infjs , and intps collectively make up about 7-8 % of the real world ( supposedly ) but easily make up 60 + % of online mbti ... accept your dual ! accept it ! : angry : jokes . i wish i knew any estjs though , i have no reference point for that type and their stereotypes are jank af . well , a type's shadow is all the functions that are not part of their stack ( or ego-syntonic functions or what have you ) . letters have nothing to do with it . usually when people refer to a shadow ... i personally dislike these quotes , but ... ( from micheal pierce ) te / fi asks ‘ what do you want , and how can we get it ? ’ fe / ti asks ‘ what do you think , and how can we communicate that ? ’ they ... i think that's totally false . the reason you have one introverted judging function and one extroverted judging function in your ego-syntonic stack is because they don't interfere with each other . one ... a very fi argument : wink : my ti rebuttal is that itr isn't trying to sway people's judgement , but classify patterns . socionics in general is not viewed as a heuristic tool the way mbti is , it's ... you basically just defined shadow pairs ( or contrary relations in socionics ) . cool . i hope you guys are on good terms . as someone somewhere put it , nature has played a trick on us . superficially , duality pairs are opposites . when people first meet their duality , they assume they have nothing in common , but it takes ... i do think it's funny that a lot of mbti people and blogs abhor duality pairs , while those socionists over there are just tearing their hair out at all the perceived soulmates people are missing . every type can get along with every type is a valid argument , but between any 16 individuals of equal health , attraction , etc . where the only variable is type , i think you'd get along best with ... based on people i know ... isfjs - cool esfjs - awesome intps - i am the only one . and clearly , i am the best . entps - rude . tbh i don't get the entp boner online . i guess they could be like , ... i'm very in favour of socionics duality as the inner you type . regardless of any conversion problems , functionally , it makes sense . i think they have a ton of potential provided both people are ... '