' while yes you could talk about the carrots , but that would be just as true for the entp . we both use ne as out primary function . so the fact that you would have strong opinions or ideas about a topic ... yeah , go saffron ! that was well said , concise , and accurate . especially that bit about the dollar being over inflated , spot on ! i'm impressed . thank you for having the energy to do what i couldn't ! not me . i think i sound terrible . if you know about sound design i feel like my voice is muddy on the lowends , and not very clear . i kinda of want to see a speech pathologist . i am mistaken for a t quite a bit . i mistook my enfp best friend for a t - - but then in retrospect i see how he is totally an f - - we tell each other , i love you . on the phone . ( we are two straight ... i am the worst when deciding plans to do with people . i offer no advice . i would have to agree with the out of sight out of mind thing . it can be pretty bad for maintaining any long term friendships that are separated by distance . have you ever been a public setting where some one says something so outlandish yet with such conviction that there is just absolutely no way to attack it ? i mean the argument is just so nebulous , it ... i got 54 - - but yeah , seems like an invalid test to me . hello tine , yep . i am in hollywood and loving every second of it . i think if disciplined enough this is an excellent place for enfp's we are great story tellers , or we at least know great story ... oh i almost forgot . book of eli - - what god awful movie . i hated every minute of it . my three worst movies of all time : 1 gummo , harmonie korine is absolute hack ! 2 bully 3 employee of the month that being said i wasn't a fan of avatar , lotr , the hangover , and a lot of the ... actually i think there are some major points missing from this conversation . nf's generally look for true love , that's true with me . ne is about possibilities and connections , and is very ... yes , twice recently . i fell in love on the spot . and ( which is very uncommon for me ) they are both potentials right now which is driving me mad . choosing one is not choosing the other ! and i have a ... entps only think they can do that , enfp's really can . can you spot the enfp in the video . although , to be fair there might be multiple ones . but i am in it , so there is definitely one . oh yea and this is an obvious plug for the project , but you ... haha this is great . actually two of my closest friends are both enfp guys . i think you should just jump right in . the more you write the better you will get at it , don't put it off . also , my process is to write a plot outline , then write from that - - but don't be afraid to ... can you expand on this ? i will have to say when i feel a connection , it is usually based on witty banter and playfulness rather than ideas . i love having shared ideas but , the playfulness / ... ^ that seems about right . i know some of my close friends thought i was a t , and one of my best friends who is and enfp i mistook for a t . it is hard with fi to because it is so personal , i am ... haha , i know what i have to do . that's the thing , i mean i'm 25 i thought this sort of thing would stop happening by now ... yea , i do realize how irrational it all is . oh well , i guess the only thing ... okay . so , i'm super weird . i've had one relationship in my life - - in high school . very short . ended terribly . now 10 years later , i'm still single but i met a girl ... and i fall hard . i'm never ... haha , enfp + enfp get along like gang busters . i mean , i've started to ask a bunch of people about type theory and it turns out a lot of my close friends are enfp ... i know it is not a personal video per say . but i'm and enfp and i'm in it . also , i fairly sure the other guy is an enfp as well . and way . i thought i'd share . oh yea and it gets weird , but it should ... i'm in south florida but i'm moving to los angeles . there is something about kristen stewart that i find very appealing , though . i think apergers is in the vogue right now , and getting way to much attention . yes of course . according to wiki socion it is described as such : hi error , i find your post fascinating . i was raised christian / jewish and there are parts of it that i love , and parts that i do not . i was thinking of trying a uu church seems very inviting and ... this is interesting to me . i just realized that istp and enfp are ideal , dual relationships according to socionics and i think it makes a lot of sense . i have always been attracted to the istp ... i can believe in something without having to be certain of it . nor do the two beliefs need to be mutually exclusive . i can believe in something with a very little confidence factor maybe even as low ... actually , i just found out from experience . when some one repeatedly does some thing to me in a demeaning way , even though i said that it really bothers me . especially , if it is physical . for ... ahh yes crow , well said . atheist / theist discussions are very difficult because they usually beat around the bush in some technical way . when either party must come up with what believe to be ... oh man - - haha , this was priceless . i always am concerned about people's perception of myself . and specifically about , how people read my writings . even as a kid i would rather read my writings to a ... words and touch . not in any particular order . what about esperanto ! nah , i'm partial to french . i speak spanish but i don't find it very eloquent at all . english is very complex and vast , so i find that it can do things other languages ... hmwith , that link is broken , but i found it on the blog . i actually am going to rescind the whole 4 thing . i think i am a 7w6 but being an enfp i am still very attracted to certain things that 4 ... i think i had a break through . i think i'm a 4w3 that puts on a facade of 7w6 . i think in some way i idealize or fantasize about my personality as being more gregarious and experimental than i ... oh man i read all of that page ! it is a really great site , but i ' m still uncertain . i score seven all the time on tests by a long shot , but after reading all of the descriptions i think i'd ... man , i am really curious because i thought i was a 7 but now i think i could be a 4 as well . after reading these descriptions i feel like i'm in some ways waay more like a 4 but in other ways more ... she sounds hot ... : laughing : well , i mean , you're german . i thought it was a minor taboo to be patriotic in germany . but , yea i think patriotism is kinda of weird too . american patriotism seems more like brainwashing than ... making something that is complex seem over simplified resulting in bigotry , with a false pretense . so a statement like , ohh those radical egyptians just want to establish a radical islamic state ... oh yea . i played games like that well until i was older . i played games that were mainly from pop culture so every one one had shared experience to draw on . i must've been eleven or so , and can ... it is so relevant , how can i not ... cough , write , gone . haha , yea i tend to believe things at face value . and if i find out some one has ulterior motives i'm pretty shocked about it . but i would say that i filter petty , scheming people out of my life . i am right there with ya . i want to go skydiving really badly . i was wondering what v-day was lol ... i thought some odd things really fast . i don't know ... hmmm . i guess i have a very developed sensor ability because i grew up with a s older brother . that means i was very athletic did 5 varsity sports and love being active . it seems like ... oh yea .. thats right i was thinking istp ... oh well never mind . the only person i know that might be istj is some one who strikes me as very odd , and some what unattractive ... a bit of a cold ... i am ready any time any where ! that's awesome . '