' ^ trippy views i was looking for a picture that i thought i had posted here .. and re-reading my old post ( some in which i was talking about suicide ) and see where i am now : healthy , happy , in a lovely ... the worst thing one can do in life is compare oneself with others . lately i'm obsessed with melanie martinez . i think all this childhood and innocence-like aura bounded with some malice is what describes my life now .  ... 577474 my last oil paint :) my little tortoise is under the desk and comes near my feet and tries to bite me hehe ! with that mini mouth hehe :D it makes me giggle . who else likes goats as much as me ? no , if i do that i end up feeling worse : o if my heart already moved on , why my mind keeps dreaming of him ? sent from my motoe 2 using tapatalk i need to work in my self-respect and self-esteem . it have been two days already , move on :P venting thread against me pt . 2 i should have controlled my rage and waited for a better outcome . no , scream : you're an unfaithful piece of crap to him . bad , mary , bad . probably he thinks ... retrospective : probably i shouldn't have stalked him nor her . probably the truth would have come to me in another way ( maybe more painful ? ) i had faith on that . i thought it could have worked . ... there is serious reseach about this topic : the influence of social network , specially facebook , in depression and low self esteem . so , you're not the only one suffering from this ( i don't know if ... thanks . i still feel a little down , but i guess it'll get better with time . i still can't swallow how people can lie in from on someone , looking het at the eyes .. but well that's life . im ... i know i did the right thing but i feel so bad and depressed ... i was starting to date a guy , and turn out , he was dating someone - i dont know - how many girls at the same time . i'd to find that ... venting post against myself ( ? ) . even though i like to embrace new posibilities and , at the same time , to hear my own intuition in orden to know what is good or wrong for me , i am tired and afraid ... yeah , thanks . i didn't expect a response actually but i appreciate that your take your time to care . i don't have a counselor at the moment , nor that i think i could speak of this personally . i'm ... i use to think i do , but nowadays im doubting it . i struggle between two tendencies : the days in which i like my personality traits and feel that im one of a kind , and the ones in which i feel like ... i've lost the track of how many times i've thought about suicide this year ... first time in years that i feel the need to meet new people o__o sent from my motoe 2 using tapatalk sounds tough .. i'm sorry about that , i hope you can find relief soon , and after you make peace with yourself probably someone else will show up .. :) you deserve love , please believe it . but in my personal rant , i understand what is that like . nowadays i feel .. appreciation , love .. ? towards someone that seems not to care about me , and i'm ... i'll turn 25 tomorrow and i haven't reached any of my life goals , i don't live by my own , i don't have a serious relationship , i'm not rich nor famous , etc , etc .. do i feel like i've failed ? not ... i don't care when an acquaintance hate me , for any reason . but when somebody that used to be close to me ( an ex lover , friend ) hates me , i feel really bad and guilty inside . maybe it's because i ... i need certitude in my life , mostly in my relationships . even though i agree with the idea that labelling a relationship is destroying it , i can't wait all my life for you , my love . wasting my energy ... even thought time doesn't exist and this day is like any other .. happy new year ! i hope we all survive it , we grow up in self awareness and that we learn a bit more day by day . peace . sent ... i wasn't talking against any economical system neither was i evoking any kind of socialism , i was just thinking about how much of ourselves we lose in order to obtain that paper / transaction : time , ... i don't want to be poor anymore :( but what is money but a paper covered in lies :( ( sent from my motoe 2 using tapatalk no always want we want is the same that what we need . i was looking back in my life and realize that many times , the so called love of my life , weren't meant to be . i'm not sure about the idea ... to deal with a problem within ourselves we must , first , admit it , and then work on it . so , yes , i admit i can be a bit - a bit - jealous and create stories in my mind . i could blame my old ... osho :) love | osho | meditation - mindfulness and the science of the inner love makes no conditions , no ifs , no buts . love never says , x93fulfill these requirements , then i will love you . x94 love is like breathing : when it happens you are simply love . it does not matter who ... why if i ask two questions to certain people ( sts mostly ) they always avoid the first one ... ? uh i confess i've wished the worst to people that haven't acted or treated me the way i wanted . just a wish , fortunately . i confess i wrote my feelings for him last night , in a long long text , ... i like the number three , it represents the trinity of body , mind and soul ; the pyramid . but in the way you put it you remind me of the time 3:33 which i've seen repeatedly when i can't sleep at ... it doesn't matter if nobody's paying you attention : talent is a gift that has to be shared and exposed , be it singing , drawing , making beautiful origami , it doesn't matter , just show it . why every time i feel a connection with someone i want to know everything about them ? i mean everything ... could it be related with the need to control ? wow , it surprises me that almost everybody has mentioned my two biggest crushes ever : hugh dancy and james mcavoy . hugh is simply beautiful , and since i saw him acting as will graham ... instant ... im underweight , but healthy . i eat all i want daily and i don't have any disease . i don't agree with the idea that we must fit on a weight , since each organism is a mini universe and if ... thanks ! i have it red for a looong time , it was the time to change ! lovely dress in your pic ( is that you , right ? : 3 ) * hug recived and reciprocated * : 3 december is the worst month for those that are alone . sent from my motoe 2 using tapatalk isn't it strange that when you contemplate an old lover you realize all their flaws in a stronger way , and you wonder what made you fall for them ? love is surely blind , and brave , you could see a ... i hope someday i wake up without being existentialist , that a bit of optimism strikes me and i stop believing that everything i do is but a excuse to wait for the death . sent from my motoe 2 using ...  ... so i found this beautiful website called bandhub where musicians around the world upload their covers , and mix them together in other to make wonderful songs :) , and of course i want to ... hi ! why could anyone speak to a person daily via im for more than 7 months , but act strangely when you want to meet ? a friend of mine told me that that's a safe zone , woah , a new kind of friend zone , ... beautiful people here ! talking of which , don't you feel sometimes like taking a selfie is .. pointless ? i prefer when somebody take a picture of me without noticing it , it's kind of nicer . but ... is there a way i could avoid getting high expectations and the later dissapointment when they're not accomplished ? '