' or to put it bluntly i have been a little bitch lately because of environmental reasons and or college stress . because i just noticed today i have been acting like a brat the past 4 to 5 days . i'm going to blunt and use profanity to express myself ... but i have been quite the rude , sadistic little cunt lately ! as in really mean and just ... aggressive . i'm not sure if its this reverse sad ... my strongest enneagrams are 2 and 6 , but 2w6 is impossible supposedly . so then i would have to be type 2w1 or 2w3 from what i researched . type 6 is about security , so defense would come with that ... or how it feels to interact with someone else with a strong enneagram of 6 . clarity and or accuracy is in the eye of the beholder . well there is a link right there . there's your basic logic . if you are wondering if i ever scored differently i have been scored as a intj a few times . the branching out seems like possibilities but i'm thinking not carrying out tasks . there is a lot of confusion about this , but the human mind is more complex then we think . there are 9 enneagrams ... this is what i meant when i said this , i guess with the thinking , our spectrum is so wide its almost all over the place . i have a lot of sleep problems due to this , i play out a lot of scenario's ... [ quote = aquarian ; 4028130 ] one of the clear and actually pretty glaring differences between me ( infj ) and my mate ( infp ) is that in actual practice related to information processing , she judges ... i used to be in a infj group on fb , and this video was put up . anyway i thought it was funny at first until these two guys harassed me about being an infp just because i agreed with this chicks about ... aren't infp's more action orientated ? i heard that they actually set step by step processing then go out and do it . while the infj just sit's there and day dreams and kind of needs help . psychology is only useless and futile if you're not intrigued and or interested in it ... anyway no you're not too young ! i have met 27 year old's and even 50 year old's in my community ... haha that was amusing ! as for the narcissist ... matter of fact , i believe she is ! she seems so self absorbed and infatuated with herself . she walked around the house in the nude ever since i could ... mine doesn't mean well at all ... she manipulates other's and always plays the victim role ... she blames all her issues on other people . she is ridiculous , she even tried to send me away to a ... you have an esfj mom too ? do you like her ? are you close ? i cant stand mine .. well you look like one of those extroverted bad boys now don't you lol . there was this one intj male named miss jordan . its was about 5 months ago when he posted a picture close to my post , he was extremely attractive . i'm into the impeccably dressed , intellectual , ... i want to see the infj / intj guys ;) 80546 i live with two enfj's and they're the best people ever lol . the night circus ! good xd mine is much worse v . v when you can only have a decent conversation with your grandma , and your dads 53 yr old girlfriend . i'm more into old time classic's i do however like kevin macleod . yeah that guy was pretty mature for a kid haha . you know you're and infj when you feel this is not the right era , that maybe you are an 80 year old trapped in a young body ! my future kids , my future patients , my friends and family . so in general other people lol ! ! ! i want chicken , i want liver , meow mix meow mix please deliver ... to anxious to socialize with humans . - . - on the internet it's easier to control how close someone get's to me . i tend to push people away in real life , and i'm too quiet . i'm not going to try and become an extrovert though it just isn't me ... - . - i honestly do not like it . probably because my self esteem is lower then hell , but i don't really care for it unless in a relationship . i have only had one boyfriend in my life , and he watched porn ... lets see . i hate country , i hate rap and or hip hop . pop is iffy , but i love classical , alternative , and indie . oh and this as well ... sometimes this depresses me though because i want this so bad lol ... heh :/ ... my future kids <3 i want to make them happy , and give them the life i never had . also i believe my purpose in life is to help people , and make as much of a change as i can to misery or depression , ... infj males , and intj males are the hottest .. lol okay first off i took these with my phone they are not thee absolute best they can be :/ and i am an amateur so bare with me .. 6661666266 6366646665 in our houses isolated up in our rooms :p lol i agree on this . it also depends on what enneagram you are as well aw that's sooo cute i only had one boyfriend in my life . it lasted two years he was an entj ... not too well :/ he made me depressed , and would say harsh things . god that was funny xd especially when it takes the suitcase , and scatters off backwards ahahahahaha thank you for making me laugh today ^ ^ just say hey i'm pretty complex so message me if you want to know me :p or you can put i'm an infj go look it up it will tell you everything ! lol yeah my ex tended to be my best friend , and literally the only one i personally talked to . we lasted two years ... and it did hurt ... it has been 9 months since , and i just learned this technique ... lol that made me smile ^ ^ i don't think anyone could have said it better than how you did . you nailed it ^ ^ - very good at understanding me i must say i love zooey deschanel , though if i was compared to here i would feel like a toad :p ( but i still admire her , she is so angelic ! and perfect ) i have those times too usually at least 2-3 times a week . then you want someone to talk to but at the same time you want to be alone during that time you feel like this . what i do is i lay on my bed , ... '