' december 20th - infj i truly appreciate your help . i didn't mean to be rude or anything . i will work on some of the things you suggested and start on some of my own projects as well . sent from my iphone using ... daphne , i appreciate your support . i didn't say that my parents were critical of my life choices . they are , understandably , confused and concerned that i'm 25 and still haven't made an attempt at ... thanks so much daphnedelrey . i read the link that you posted , and i can say that i definitely relate to the characteristics of an adult child . however , i think that what i'm going through may have ... daphnedelrey i'm 25 years old and i'm currently attending community college . i did go to another community college straight after high school , which i didn't do so well in , so i left . last year i ... i thought i would post this in this section . i'm having difficulty with being self-motivated and taking action towards anything . i have sat stagnant for the last few years of my life doing absolutely ... it pisses me off when people are automatically intolerant of things they don't understand . it pisses me off when people think that expensive material things , and social status are end all be all ... i've personally had a huge problem with procrastination and no matter how many times it gets me into trouble , i still continue to do it anyway . the main stereotype is that procrastination is a p ... i actually haven't read much outside of school , due to some trouble with my reading comprehension skills which really took the joy out of it for me . there was always a problem with remembering what i ... i remember i used to do that to when i was probably about 8 or 9 . by that time , i could recognize the manufacturers and models of cars by looking at them like you . i didn't take anything apart or put ... * title should read interest in sensory details during childhood i have a question regarding infjs and their ability to remember details . during my childhood , like most infjs i was very curious ... daydreaming has always been sort of an addiction for me for as long as i can remember . i use it mostly envisioning things that i would like to do in my future , and imagining the ideal person who i ... thanks , for your the article . i just was not 100 % sure about my type and sometimes i wonder if i have mistyped myself . i just want to know for sure what type i am and have some ... hey everyone ! i'm still trying to figure out what my type is . i would like to find out once and for all what i am . here's the questionaire that i filled out . i tried to elaborate on things as much as ... here's more of my favorites ...   this has always been my favorite song from the nutcracker  i know that you can be an f and be logical and rational . i said that only because he just seemed to lean towards te because there are things that he wrote that imply that moreso than fe . i'm ... after reading the post i think you are an intj . you are a planner and improviser , open to possibilities , very independent , future oriented and you like to set goals , which sounds very dominant ni to ... i agree with longhair . based on what you've written on your post i would agree on istj . you're big on responsibility and want everyone to do their part which indicates te and you also value ... i've been on this board for a while and i've posted quite a few posts questioning my type . i think i've made it into some crisis because now i obsess over what type i am . am i infj or infp or isfp , ... not sure what my enneagram type is but my tritype might be : 1-4- 9 when i'm in the shower , my mind wonders . either i play music in my head , or just daydream . i'll daydream about being a made up character in my favorite anime series . or i'll imagine my anime ... thanks so much stray_arrow , for your encouragement and advice . i found your words very helpful . thanks so much , i'll post the list of 10 things when i finish it . i actually was ... lesleysolitude , thanks for the advice and the link to the article . i saw much of myself in the part about the undeveloped infj , especially about the part where it mentions feeling lonely , isolated ... can't figure out if this should be posted in the infj forum . i've been having problems in the last few years with motivation and lacking initiative . i find pleasure in almost nothing except ... thanks so much for the great advice . i will try to be more open and share myself more with others . the reason i'm not as open with my folks as i should be is because i tend to be easily embarrassed ... i've tested as multiple types . at first i tested intp , then infp . then i took the test again and i tested intj ( i think i actually tested as one because at first i wanted to be a thinker , and i sort ... stray_arrow , thanks for the advice . i do have trouble expressing myself because of a protective bubble that i've put around myself . i have this fear of judgment and rejection . but at the same time i ... i think as far as being a hsp goes i am both emotionally and environmentally sensitive . i have all of the emotional sensitivities to things like criticism , interpersonal conflict / tension , and ... i thought i was an infj but i still feel uncertain about this from time to time . right now i'm actually kind of leaning towards infj . the reason i thought i was infj was because i seem to use fe more ... my handwriting has never been very legible . people have always complained that it was either too small or sloppy to read . i always found it funny how everyone always struggled reading my writing but ... i guess i really am an infj ! ! thanks so much for helping me find my type ! i've always struggled finding my identity and figuring out where i belong in the world , but this helps alot . thanks again ... thanks for the link to that thread . almost everything they describe , is exactly what i do . : tongue : i guess this makes sense . it's probably why it seems like i'm using both fe and fi at the same time and i knew that couldn't be possible . how would an infj use fantasy with ni ? this is ... after reading your posts i am leaning more towards infj . but i do have a few more questions ... most of the time it seems like i care too much about others and what they think . i've noticed ... i'm pretty level headed in debates and discussions and i always respect other's opinions , but when my views are not being respected and it becomes a personal attack . for example , i'm interested in ... ludi , i read your description of infp , and i relate to alot of the traits mentioned . specifically the parts about hiding my feelings from people i think are judgmental , feeling like an outsider , and ... also ludi , you wanted to know about my avatar :) my avatar is actually the character chrono from the anime chrono crusade . he is a demon , but he's not evil . i chose him as my avatar because he ... sorry it took me a while , i couldn't really get a chance to reply today ... ludi , i read the descriptions of those enneagram types . i'm going to post them below , with the specific traits of each ... i would like to be a novelist , musician and maybe even a cartoonist ( once i learn to draw ) . i've been all over the place since my adolescence . when i was younger i aspired to be a radio personality , ... fe and fi are very difficult to me . i fit all of the characteristics of an fi user , empathetic , good at picking up emotional cues , wanting to thought of as unique rather than ordinary , not wanting to ... thanks dreamer for all of your help ! a couple things i forgot to mention , and i'm not sure if these are related to type , is that i am also very shy , and even though i can easily empathize with ... thanks for the links . i do think that i have inferior se because i do alot of the things mentioned in the article about the infj under stress . i like to gather facts on things i'm interested in , i'm ... i've been interested in the myers briggs type indicator for a few years now , but after all this time , i still can't seem to figure out which cognitive functions i really use . i've always had the ... it depends on how well i know the person and how comfortable i am with them . if it's someone i don't know very well or that i just met or someone who makes me feel uneasy , i find that eye contact ... i almost always test as a borderline j / p and i seem to have sort of a problem with being decisive . it's sort of like i place so much emphasis on making the right choice , which is what causes me to ... when a pair of noise canceling ( or sound isolating ) headphones is the greatest christmas present you've ever gotten . when i talk to strangers i usually start with the small talk first , like weather , television , food , etc .. i'm really not a fan of small talk i'll just stick with that until i know that person well ... i last had a hamburger and regular fries at in and out burger last night when i was out with my family looking at christmas lights . that place is about way better than mcdonald's or burger king or ... i've been pretty obsessed with lucid dreaming for a while now and i recently had my first semi-lucid dream ( it was very short , but very vivid ) . just the thought of having a world where you can ... '