' really ? butthurt over something ? if you think i took this personally , you're getting trolled . i know what you were talking about . i just sorta ignored it . sound familiar ? i was insulted first . perhaps my response was over the top . i don't really care . the fact that i'm a ' thinker ' is irrelevant , there are genius t and f types , and stupid t and f types . its typification and incorrectly applied to your situation . try reading the damn thread first before derailing it .. i don't get whats so complicated about me asking this question on an intp forum as an intp . you know i sorta regret the title because i don't even think they're disgusting . i've experienced positive emotions before . its just the unpredictability and of emotion , motive and action in ... its not a matter of what he perceives ; i couldn't possibly know . ultimately what matters is whether or not hes right . now what are the odds of that ? chances are reality differs radically from ... i didn't assume either in my post . i've already acknowledged the existence of multiple types of genius . i put this question out here because ... well i'm an intp . i dont think genius is exclusive to ... i'm not intimidated by my intj room mate , and he couldn't possibly perceive me as i am ( seeing through my ' bullshit ' ) unless i reveal to him who i am . i react that way with the vast majority of ... about as retarded as your question : wink : in response to the ops post , its only ok to manipulate when mute does it . / thread there was an obvious contextual use of the term ' society ' that seems to be eluding you . oh please , i love myself . keep trying . i must hate myself if i hate ' society ' or its constructs ? so the ... let me link you to this : : bored : not even . i'm bored why come here for what i could go to any girl for ? i'm a part of society , not the entity itself . i resent society , primarily for its flawed constructs . i could go on for days .. ok , i disagree so completely with this i dont even know where to start . you really can't typify people this way by type , people are far too divergent for any arm chair obvservation you make to be ... i care what society thinks ? fuck society and its constructs , el o el . i have a few close friends , not many . so what : wink : clearly , you're a douche bag irl . it is in fact not the position from which i'm defending my argument . another random retarded assumption ... that would in fact be in the post i wrote a few pages back clearly detailing why you're ... genius exists outside of math and hard logic , definitely . if i were you i'd save face too . edit : there was clearly no ' defense ' . i clearly said go back and read what i typed , as it clearly answered your question . logical debate seems like something ... there is no ambiguity , i'm simply not restating everything i've already said . my position is clearly stated in words you clearly didnt ( or can't ? ) read . i've already answered your response like 5 ... you were called out on the incorrect subjective basis of your assumptions , idiot . can you not make sense of any of the allusions or implications your statements contain ? you can't possibly afford ... fuck off ? : happy : at the end of the day , neither of us gives a fuck about the other . the world will keep spinning . here you've been trying to insult my intelligence this entire time and you cant even read ? literacy is sorta crucial man . ... do you know what bipolar is ? i'm guessing no . what a martyr ! whether or not my statement is profound is irrelevant , afaik . it's correct . i called you on some bullshit and you know it . to most people , stupidity isn't preferable at all . why the indulgence ? ... its quite obvious you believe there to be a direct correlation between cursing and intellect , which is a laughable preconception in and of itself . maturity =/ = intelligence ( or in your case perceived ... non of the enfps i know have ever tried to manipulate me , nor do i think ( from having observed and interacted with the ones i know ) that its specifically ' enfp ' to be good at it . i've known a few ... riight , i must not have a brain or something . my god you sound fucking dumb . not only is that not irony ( because ahem , i'm a fucking genius ) but you still sound like a douche . just sayin . edit : im not trying to pick e-fights :/ congratulations on sounding like a douche bag . do you fuck your mother with that vagina ? thank you sir . this thread is hilarious have it rough , and the close minded ego police cant seem to comprehend that . its very simple . the idea behind these threads isn't woe me goddamn i'm so attractive , you close minded retards . ... i've been dealing with this my entire my life , welcome to the club - _ % i agree , iq tests are too unreliable and people too biased . so you're a genius ? one of my roommates tested intj . i knew when we met that we could easily be good friends , yet that realization came with the instant desire to form nothing , just remain as platonic and distant as ... mom - infj dad - estj brother - estp sister - exfj what basis do you have for not believing in the concept of ' genius ' ? what would you say if i were to point out specific cases of prodigy and genius ? or does your disbelief stem from moral high ... perhaps , i see your point . i've always been a fan of gardener's theory of multiple intelligences . it was a joke i'm not endorsing or trying to incite any type elitism . i dont think genius is limited to type , though certain kinds of genius may be more prevalent in certain types ... jury's still ... intelligent =/ = genius , modesty is an admirable trait ... its rather irrelevant in regard to the topic though . if you arent familar with why i'd be posting this topic here ( that is to say any ... do you feel inferior ? hint : you should . does your brain have a willing body ? i started this topic for a bunch a reasons you're probably already familiar with if you have more than a passing interest in mbti type theory . i'm sure ... '