'  yes i do . gotta love jamerson and johnnie walker . the question is - did it scare or intimidate you ? because we are all infps with the weight of the world on our shoulders . 1984 or animal farm by george orwell . the glass bead game by herman hesse . the autobiography of malcolm x by malcolm x and alex harvey crime & punishment by fyodor dostoevsky perfume u200bby patrick ... phoebe cates 67050 i don't know why its displaying like that but hey ho ... id like the beautiful pheebs bigger ! : happy :  all of the best relationships ive had with people have been with people that like different music to me . to me music taste is is pretty irrelevant by the time you get into your mid 20s . i like what i ... 1 . cat power - maybe not 2 . titus andronicus - the monitor 3 . the pogues - if i should fall from grace with god 4 . johnny cash - johnny cash at san quentin 5 . the kills - keep on your mean side laurie 17 is something of an eccentric who uses her heightened powers of perception and outsider status to see through a lot of the bullshit and constructs that govern and shape the reality of those ... brass eye . chris morris uber alles . i don't know but ive been called cute a few times and i equate that with being innocent . the problem is that i don't think cute is a complement when you're a guy . ive got her down as an enfp . what do y'all think ?   my favourite band is titus andronicus . my favourite singer is cat power . jim jams ! :)    my eyes . i don't know ... do i have the death stare ?  ! slipknot . slipknot are an amazing band but a lot of people won't listen to them because they are considered to be nu-metal . nu-metal is a dirty word to a lot of music fans . my handwriting was described by someone at work as obviously the hand writing of a male and as eccentric . gfhgioigffsfdghjgfhjgfdghjhgfdghj something i have noticed with my eyes is that i don't appear to have any eyelids , even with a straight on view . lol apparently this is called hooded eyes and ... reminds me of my humanity , reminds me to have hope and be the keeper of the dream . makes me feel like ... the fascination of the early manic street preachers is in listening to a young band striving to achieve something that is beyond their grasp . they had a ... aquarius you are particularly sensitive to the values of friendship in the sense that you see yourself as a link within a chain , certainly a different and original one , but with no will to flatter ... in a couple of months my psychology tutor will be setting a research project on a topic of our choosing . im thinking of looking at wether a persons mbti type has any effect on there level of job ... are you talking about the albert camus book ? i have just started crime & punishment by fyodor dostoevsky . the only band that has mattered to me over the last year . noisy , emotional and trashy as hell . in a word ( or two ) - punk rock ! i am a heterosexual male . i have shed a tear at good will hunting . fuck you the abstract concept and purely social construct of masculinity . black eagle . if it was intended as a comedy film it is the least funny film ive ever seen . if it was intended as a horror it is the least scary film ive ever seen . if it was intended as a banana tree ... frantic cover of an old cockney rebel song ... and my god what a drum sound ! : happy :  for me , this is the standard for brutal music . no you're not an idiot . i myself have a love / hate relationship with poetry and have been called intelligent by enough people without provocation to believe that i must be . i think it's like ...  necessities : softly spoken . intelligent . personal warmth . manners . depth . laughs at my attempts at humour . hygenic . shorter than me ( without heels at least - i'm 5 ' 9 so i don't think this is ... for a long time i tested as an infp but i think that was possibly because i was in a phase of my life where i wasnt really getting anything done and was procrastinating more than is healthy . i think ... top 5 favourite bands / artists cat power - maybe not - from the album you are free ( 2003 ) titus ... when you read negative reviews of robin williams films from the 1990s , criticising them for being overly sentimental and all you can think is actually ... that's why i liked it . how could you not ... '