i'm not even positive of my own type but i'd really like to try and get closer to figuring out my sister's . a few months ago i was talking to her about mbti and i got her to take a few tests , but i ... i don't think you're necessarily wrong . i'd be interested for other people to weigh in on the se vs ne thing for lorelai , because people might have some good points to back up one or the other . i was ... why do you think lorelai is esfp ? i've seen her typed that way before though . i thought ne because i don't know that i ever saw lorelai as being all that concrete , she was always going from one thing ... i was thinking about this after i posted , isfj doesn't use ni does it ? i said it did , but it doesn't - i was mistaken i think . i don't even know why rory should be an ni user now that i am re ... i agree with the above . i'd put rory down as infj in the past , but i could see how she could be an isfj as well , and i can see what people mean when they mentioned si / ne . i guess i put rory as infj ... i'd honestly do both . first i'd start questioning why someone would do that , and i would say how ridiculous it was and why i'd never do that . then i'd probably offer help if i could . i do that quite ... i don't blame you actually , it's starting to bug me a bit now lol just staring at that title . my sister seems to be an enfp and she is more extroverted and generally more comfortable with people than i am . she's much less likely to just freak out at people than i am . she'd be just an angry as ... i do sound kind of one ish in this questionarre . i feel i couldn't be a one though because i don't relate to the descriptions of perfectionism and such . but one ish type things do seem to drive me ... that's funny . i'm pretty sure i'm not . yeah , no i know i'm not . unless i've misinterpreted that type completely . i see that a rather extroverted type and i am not . and i see no way that se is my most ... 38558 i see a couple things . first impressions first . it makes me think of innocence and hope for the future when i first look at it . a young girl witnesssing something , but is it something ... i already replied here but i wanted to say something else . the person i was talking about does display signs of a 6 . they have done , i suppose what would be a six - ish thing and clung to a ... most of them . but i'd say wrath , sloth and pride most of all . i'm not sure if you're on point or not . i'm a huge mad men fan , having seen the majority of the episodes various times . but i've never given much thought to typing for the characters so i'm unsure . i ... could be wrong but from what i'm presumed of myself thus far - i'm an infp 6w7 gryffindor . - hazel wand , unicorn core , 10 1/4 inches , reasonably supple . sister is an enfp gryffindor , laurel , ... yes , i undoubtedly believe an abuse victim could turn out to be absolutely any type . i do not know what type i am exactly , i feel i am a 6 , but i feel i can relate to other types ( perhaps in my tri ... could be wrong on some of these : arya : istp daenerys : infj or enfj . i've seen her typed infj but i wonder if she's not really an enfj ? catelyn : i think esfj . i think she seemed more isfj in a ... i meant what i said earlier , but i wonder if i gave the wrong impression / or don't mean loner in the way others mean it . it's difficult for me because i actually am rather emotional and expressive and ... not entirely true about this rigging business . i know someone who has been keeping the data on pottermore sortings and almost always the sortings makes sense and certain answers consistently go with ... some of the names for particular type can probably be kind of a sweeping generalization that might not be accurate for everyone of that type . but i quite like what i've seen the nf temperament be ... i think you can be a loner and still be quite functional and psychologically normal . i've always considered myself a loner at heart . i just like my own company , surrounded by books , music , good ... i could understand the correlation , but i was wondering if it's not possible ( well i'm sure it's possible ) for a person's not so happy childhood to lead them to being a 9 ? because i know someone who i ... thanks that helps . i was always leaning toward infp but in my last thread i had some comments that were leaning isfp and it started to confuse me . i personally did think i was more infp , i just ... so , i did a thread on here a few months ago and the consensus game down to infp or isfp but nothing absolutely conclusive as to which once . i came into this mbti stuff thinking i was infp or possibly ... ^ ^ my worst anger if very much how kyrielle described hers . i'm an ixfp . sorry , i don't know which . it depends on the type of situation / person though . with my sister and to a lesser extent my mom , i ... my mom is an istj ( i believe ) and she is not soft towards or over indulgent ( or really at all indulgent ) of people's feelings but she is quite understanding of people - but she expresses this in a very ... congratulations , you scored efj ! not sure of the accuracy but it's interesting . i was trying to go by my 8/ 9 ish age . i suppose , i don't see much reason to think i was introverted as a ... [ quote =D reamer 777 ; 2157976 ] i think you're entp , entp's can be introverted sometimes , and as far as the j p thing goes , j's are actually less judgmental than p's are , so the best to look at j p is to ... before i understood what it really meant to be an introvert or extrovert , i used to wonder if there was something wrong with me , like i was anti social or not fun . because i knew people who could go ... i find it difficult to type my parents as both can be quite mentally / emotionally unhealthy . but i think my mom might be some sort of sj . it's strange because she loves fantasy / sci fi stuff so ... i know no one's answering , maybe they see it's an old thread they already glanced in and don't want to to bother , but ... it doesn't make much sense to make a new thread when i've already got one . ... so i've been looking more into enneagram's and i thought a 9wing 8 made some sense because of my nature , a tendency to be passive and liking harmony , but also being confrontational , argumentative ... okay thanks . i remember actually taking that same quiz before and getting moderate on se though , so that's why i was unsure that result was accurate this time and might have been me not answering ... so , does anyone know what any of this indicates ? to be an infp / isfp or something , is it possible to have good use of fe , is that typical or no ? my fi , is higher but .. i did a cognitive functions test , i'm not sure how completely accurate it is as i can change answers on things sometimes depending on my mood . extraverted sensing ( se ) ... try reading this , while we're on the subject and see which you identify with more . this is usually a quick way to figure out whether you are a ne-dom or fi-dom . if neither of them resonate with ... a year ago i typed as a 4wing3 when i took an enneagram quiz , and it seemed to fit me fairly well . but doing more research i felt i didn't think it was possible . i do not think i am a 4 . i care about ... hm . i can come across confident at times , but i go back and forth with that all the time . first , i want to say sorry for abandoning this after asking for help . i was quite busy at the time with holiday stuff and then i just kept putting it off because i knew i'd probably end up wanting to ... i am posing this because i've been browsing here for awhile , finding it all very interesting . mbti i have been aware of for years , and over the years i generally got the same results when i took ...