' it's funny , despite my almost creepy fixation with this show , i have avoided seeking any outside interviews or opinions about it ( including and especially social media ) until this forum tonight . it's ... good points , good points . i definitely agree that he is physically awkward and pretty unathletic , a fish out of water , and also having terrible fashion sense seems to be stereotypically associated ... sp last , pretty obviously . i am a huge slob , horrible with money , cannot control my sleeping habits at all , put off important things till the last possible second , drink and smoke and experiment with ... i'm just wondering why everyone thinks q uses ne , or intuition at all for that matter . he is constantly described as unintellectual , and preferring the simple pleasures in life in general , and then ... hey , i'm extremely obsessed with this show right now . i found out i have all of the episodes available for free on demand and i'm not kidding , i've watched all four seasons three times in the last ... enfp 7w6 so / sx i'm starting to think leslie is so / sx rather than so / sp like thus thread seems to believe , myself included until recently . as for me , sometimes i think i might be sx / so rather than so / sx but i doubt it . i've been getting more ' so ' every day . i am also constantly questioning whether i have a 3w2 or 2w3 fix though at the ... i definitely see you as 6w7 or 7w6 over any type of five for what it's worth , just based on reading this whole thread and seeing you around a bit . btw , idk if you mentioned it here , but where are you ... hmm you're here ! finally we can have some real fun ! you weren't being obnoxious , you're a riot ! you're just as great as you seem to think you are ! at first i was torn , but after hearing ... 1 - superior 2 - seducer 3 - diplomat 4 - conflicted 5 - nerd 6 - critic 7 - charlatan 8 - asshole 9 - lump esfp and really , 8w9 ? that seems unlikely . i was thinking 7w6 or 2w3 so i've been connecting with my dad really well lately and it makes me happy . he is a highly objective istp 5w6 sp / sx 135 who cares little for emotions or relationships , or really people at all . he ... i like tritype and think it's fun and interesting , but i don't know how valid it actually is . the only thing i think it is useful for is describing people more specifically , but imo it is ... i love this idea . i have so many thoughts and realizations throughout the day regarding type that i never know which ones actually warrant a thread so i usually decide none of them do . lol here is ... i've talked a lot with my sx / sp 4w3 brother-in-law about the differences between him and my sx / sp 8w7 stepfather . my brother-in-law really dislikes my stepfather even though they seem to have a lot ... i strongly believe there are major correlations between the two systems . estj : 8 , 3 , 1 , 6 istj : 1 , 5 , 6 , 9 esfj : 2 , 6 , 9 isfj : 2 , 6 , 9 estp : 7 , 3 , 8 esfp : 7 , 2 , 9 istp : 6 , 5 , 9 , 7 , 8 isfp : ... my s / o is a 371 and i am a 793 . i think sharing two fixes does help us to understand each other better and we are very much on the same wavelength . but more importantly imo we are both social . i am ... i'm kind of disappointed no one wants to challenge my type , but i'm mostly happy that i am so right about it . my life is complete . more information on specific instinctual stackings rather than just the subtypes . i feel like i have very little in common with an so / sp 7 . i would almost relate more to the sx / so since we have the ... i already answered this like two years ago , but as i've grown and become more self aware , i would like to add that i am highly avoidant of problems and responsibilities , argumentative , kind of smug , ... hey i was in marching band too ! but oddly , i was never great with extracurricular activities in school . i think the main problem with them was just that i couldn't relate to most of the people who ... justforthespark kink my favorite part was when he died . > . < finally a happy ending . i was like yes ! finally ! what a d-bag . i much prefer snape and loki , but if we're talking about tragic ... lol well i at least talked about type 3 for like a sentence or two ... i used to think i was sx / so , mostly because i feel like i am too concerned with my own personal interests to be so . but i ... i relate to this sooo much . i have also been wondering whether i might be 2 fixed , just going back and forth between 2w3 and 3w2 forever and they are both fairly equal in my mind . it's confusing ... i can only tell you what i've experienced , but i am 7w6 and one of my best friends is a 6w7 . he is more suspicious and critical than me in general , and more easily embarrassed . he is also slightly ... i am a social 7 and i don't much relate to any of that stuff . i am a politically moderate , agnostic , open minded hard drinking party fiend . i will admit to the existential guilt part however , and i ... i guess i just can't respect or relate to someone who mindlessly does their duty and wastes their whole life pursuing a good person when they could be doing something actually useful . and i didn't ... lots of very different characters . the only thing they all have in common is that they're probably all perceivers . ( with the exception of : possibly eric , malcolm , linda ) jd-scrubs turk-scrubs ... all good points . now that you mention it , the sevens i know are most likely to go along with something as long as it sounds fun . they are generally dtf and down to party and hate to be a stick in the ... ha that's kind of the way my stepdad and mom are . my stepdad is kind of a huge asshole but holds back a certain amount of meanness because if he went too far my mom would probably leave him because ... this answer somewhat confuses me . i don't know if it's oddly worded or i just can't relate . so were you basically just being polite ? or you were afraid of the ensuing confrontation if you ... also i guess even i would go along with others ' agendas to not be seen as a buzzkill , but that's about the only reason . i guess my two 6 best friends would go along with me if they thought it would make me happy and strengthen our friendship , but if they were truly opposed they would stand their ground . sure , but there are certain types that it typically does not describe , namely 4 , 1 and 8 . and i personally appease no one , so imo 7w6 is out . i do what i please , for the most part . certainly anyone ... i'd say those are all pretty normal human desires that anyone your age would fight for . i don't think you're selfish at all . in your case , your hyperawareness of the need to be selfless , and shame ... what were your motives for going along with him for so long ? and why are you nice to your stepmom ? why do you think you are selfish ? are you sure it isn't just your superego telling you that you're selfish because you have the same needs as everyone else and holding yourself to higher standards ? ... i don't think you are a core 9 either , but 9w8 or 8w9 seems right for your gut fix . how do you think you go with others ' agendas to appease them ? all i know from you is your thoughts , not so much ... lol well i don't know you in real life so that may be true but that's not the impression i have of you just from this forum . but the second part i don't understand . if you do that , then i believe ... the other thing i was thinking is that i agree that you and alittlebear are vastly different people and it's hard to believe you have the same core type as well as mbti type , but i suppose that ... by subjective i mean you are strongly wrapped up in your own opinions of the way the world works and don't really look at things that rationally . kind of like how i said self-referential . everything ... twos might be self centered but are unlikely to admit to it , or probably be aware of it . twos can be calculating , but it's to serve their emotional needs . twos are definitely usually peppy , maybe ... lately i've come to the conclusion that i don't know twos very well beyond stereotypes , but i've been working on that . i definitely don't know any sp / sx twos so i can't say with any real confidence ... yeah ann is kind of the anti enfp . she is very blatantly an ifj . this thread is crazzzyyy . i just read like the last 40 pages . funny to see how different people type now from like six months ago and how many changes they go through . interesting though . i ... i'm kind of with alittlebear on this one . i don't really think i could ever kill someone , and in fact sometimes i worry that in a self defense type situation , i'd rather die than kill someone else ... 1 - i don't know many by any means . there's only one that i'm pretty sure of , a 1w9 and he's very intellectual and thoughtful . ethical , philosophical and politically correct . 2 - my boss is a 2 and he ... the 6 one particularly stood out to me because my two best friends are a 6w5 and a 6w7 and the thing that bugs me the most about both of them is how much they project their own insecurities . the 6w5 ... sounds like 5 or 6 to me , maybe 4 , but not so much . probably social , yeah . '