hmm lets see : - i think religion is a mental illness and slows down / has slowed down the progress of mankind - i hold animals to a higher esteem than humans - i think prostitution should be ... sup guys it been a while since i last posted ! ! ! its been too longi was wondering if you'd give me some feedback on my tune ? ? :) im just looking for some feedback and exposure so , if you do enjoy it , ... sup guys it been a while since i last posted ! ! ! its been too longi was wondering if you'd give me some feedback on my tune ? ? :) im just looking for some feedback and exposure so , if you do enjoy it , ... sup guys it been a while since i last posted ! ! ! its been too longi was wondering if you'd give me some feedback on my tune ? ? :) im just looking for some feedback and exposure so , if you do enjoy it , ... sup guys it been a while since i last posted ! ! ! its been too longi was wondering if you'd give me some feedback on my tune ? ? :) im just looking for some feedback and exposure so , if you do enjoy it , ... oh lol well tyvm lol cut me some slack its the only poem iv ever written that i wasnt forced to do intp i - is for introvert , a reserved , solitary soul , too much time spent in my own head , now this im often told , i remember being 8 years old , so wild , i seized the day , now im mild , i envy ... intp i - is for introvert , a reserved , solitary soul , too much time spent in my own head , now this im often told , i remember being 8 years old , so wild , i seized the day , now im mild , i envy ... it doesnt really mean being infp is the hardest , it just means infps whine the most ... haha its a love hate thing i think . most of what they are saying is true ( to an extent ) and i have to be in the right mood for an enfp but when i am in the right mood they're / you're great people . you ... hey :) hmm il start by telling you things about myself which i believe to be intp traits , although they may only apply to me : - rather quirky ( i prefer ' quirky ' to ' weird ' :P ) . i know alot of ... future garage :) oh i did see him there first ! ! ! would never have known if you hadnt mentioned it lol thats a tricky one . i havent ( to my knowledge anyways ) met another intp before . whats your situation in life ? are you at school or work ? il list some things about myself that i would imagine is ... bit obvious isnt it ? intps are known for staying in on the computer so they will be one of the most active types on the forum whereas es will be out socializing . you cant base how rare a type is by ... an extremely respectable list my friend :) ask me anything and il answer as honestly as possible :p roud : lol i do agree with everything you said , i dont think its healthy to concentrate on that shit though ... and you've served your purpose :) you've motivated me to go to bed .. its 6am and im fucking ... aww is someone feeling down ? wanna hug ? what ? ( message too short , decided to add this ... ) ok lay down your definition of happiness that sucks :/ i have deep rooted trust issues anyways so no disappointment for me :) you ever thought about a career in motivation speeches ? ah ok . its interesting that you mention courage , i find i pick holes in or question authority more when im lacking courage as to appear confident enough not to be a mindless drone .. if that makes ... ah ok i get ya . i find i doubt myself , or second guess myself ( i suppose thats the same thing ) alot and im 5w4 . as an istj do you have trouble challenging authority / questioning rules ? or is that a ... its not very good advice full stop lmao why a 6 specifically ? i dont know much about 6s but wouldnt mind knowing a bit more yes sir ! ! ! whoa calm down guys , i didnt back down , i got bored of having to correct people / myself because they misinterpreted something i worded extremely badly :P whoa calm down guys , i didnt back down , i got bored of having to correct people / myself because they misinterpreted something i worded extremely badly :P good points all round my friend , i agree entirely . im never smug in the slightest either , not openly , even if im absolutely beaming on the inside . iv come to realise that i do this 1 . jus incase ... thank you ! id given up replying because it seemed like no one understood that i wasnt saying im some super being and everyone else is below me , i was simply saying i automatically jump to unrealistic ... that entirely depends on the situation . if its the only means of surivival then by all means kill an animal and eat it but otherwise no i disagree i eat meat hmm it seems i havent been as clear as i thought i was being . what i mean by rights is that laws against harming an animal should be no different to that of humans as we all feel physical pain ... got bored of the actual thread so , here , enjoy this instead : first , thanks so much for the link ! that man is a fucking genius .. i cant believe id never heard of him , i share his view on everything ! second , im not talking about endangered species if thats ... weakness - socially anxious but i couldnt care what most people have to say ( and therefore get bored as well as anxious lol ) strength - my quick witted , zany humour usually makes people warm to ... 1.whoaaa so let me get this staight .. even though that lil puppy would feel a punch in the face just the same as you , who gives a fuck because he cant add 2 + 2 or type on a computer ... ( im not saying ... i personality think ( and i do mean this , im not saying it for shock value or w . e ) they should be burnt alive themselves . i think that these people are monsters and the fact that they can do that , for ... do you mean hunting for food , as in , tribes in africa doing it or going out into the wood with a tent and doing it ? yea thats what everyone else does as well just because he sounds so confident in what he's saying , iv probably fallen for it more than i know but its seems im the only person who can ever win against ... he didnt see himself as a comedian , he saw himself as a writer who performed his work ( as apposed to a comedian who ... lol ) with an ironic edge .. or atleast thats what he said . i can see what he means ... thats not all they told me ... i cant work out through your tone of typing whether your trying to be condescending , playful or whether your genuinely paranoid ... im gonna choose paranoid :) yea i know man it totally sucks :/ im pretty sure the government we're shitting their pants and got him killed - . - your core makes no odds to me :P yea i dont find him funny in a way id find other comedians funny , rather , i find his ideas fascinating and though they are all usually ideas i have thought about myself and truly believe , he words ...