' holy crap this is interesting as hell ! wow , i even came out of lurk / haitus-dom just to get in on this . the two choices that appeal to me the most would of course be the road eternal and ... i experienced something kinda similar not too long ago . i was doing a bit of window shopping in a shopping plaza just outside of my campus on one of my off days when it happened . i had just left ... i'm not sure why but whenever someone asks a question like this my mind automatically starts singing with a little help from my friends . ♪ yes , i'm certain that it happens all the time ♪ oh congratulations hoom ! awe , i am so genuinely ecstatic for you ! i wish you all the best ! i may not be the best point of reference when it comes to dating introverts , but i can say that i do have a lot of experience with other types of relationships with introverts . just like you said ... i can never answer these hypothetical situations . no matter what answer i chose it wouldn't be the real answer because this isn't a realistic scenario i can put myself into . so since none of ... there is a spider on my ceiling . i don't when it got there , but i've been keeping an eye on it for the last couple of hours . i also don't know what type of spider it is and when i tried to look it up ... are you trying to imply that inxjs aren't my awesomely stupendous amazing , made by the heavens themselves , soul mate match ? blasphemy ! all joking aside , i am pleasantly surprised to see that ... i think i could do with a little less reflecting and a little more dancing right about now i'm actually a bit surprised that i never got around to posting in this thread before now . my disinclination towards pants has made me a bit notorious to those who know me . if anything , it might ... i chose estp , but really i would love to experience being an extp in general . i've ended up in a partner-in-crime relationship with just about every entp i've met , and they just appeal to the ... ah , yes . it seems longer now than when i first typed it : confused : i'm glad you know all this , i think it is awesome when people are more informed about various viewpoints . i think i was trying to ... i am an atheist . i personally chose not to believe in an abrahamic god , or most gods for that matter . it really depends on your definition of a “ god ” , but at any rate , in most cases i am an atheist ... dear anonymous , today i lost again . i gave into the little urges that plague me every now and then . i messaged you out of the blue . i shouldn't have , i know , but i promised myself i wouldn't ... happened this morning between my close infj friend and i : infj : ( talking about the aurora borealis and how she might be able to see it from her location , which is more north than mine ) i wasn't ... dear anonymous , i think i might like you . maybe ? probably . but see , the thing is ... i don't want to like you . i really don't . i don't want anything to happen between us , and i will do my ... here are some links to previous threads that may or may not prove helpful : ... oh wow ! i haven't been on in a while but this is too brilliant to pass up . alrighty , down to business > d khys what made you choose your avatar ? nottie , where have you been hiding ? d < fizz ... oh hell , it hit over 90 ° today in my city . ridiculous . it's not even summer and i am already boiling ! this summer is going to be disastrous > < thankful there was a breeze today ... unfortunately ... my best friend is an infp . she is my lovely-lady , my partner in crime . she is the chocolate to my chip xd bah , i am jealous ! you guys are on the wrong coast xd the west is where you want to be . we got the sun , the clear blue skies , and the warmest kind of hospitality in all the right ways : wink : ... all day , errday . i was confused on this part as well but i think it was meant to be written as the friend's thoughts , like the friend was asking herself this rather than the op . anyway i think she should tell him ... yup , i want children . i hope to be a great mom one day , when i am settled and stable and hopefully more mature xd not all of the nfs i know like or want kids ( my enfp and enfj friend did not want ... my infj friend came across it on accident and then she had the rest of our immediate group of friends take the test as well . i got interested and from there it took off . all of these can make the situation worse depending on the person who is saying it and in what context but if i had to choose the one that has the potential to help the most it might be encouraging ... from what i have observed about the enfps i know irl , and some here on the boards , it seems that a lot of them take up some form of writing , music , or photography , with writing popping up the most . i prefer enfps :P dsss - enfp with an infp best friend . oh sorry ! i didn't mean to disrupt your thread . i posted something in the wrong place so i put that there to not cause a confusion which ultimately didn't work . posted in the wrong thread , irrelevant post . i am glad to be celebrating new year's with an awesome guy and fireworks shooting off everywhere . it's perfect way to start off the supposed ' end of the world ' xd viva : 4w3 7w6 8w9 so / sx ace face : 7w8 , 8w7 , 3w2 cue 5c : 3w2 so / sp the king of dreams : 9w1 7w6 2w1 so / sx alysaria : 7w6 , 2w3 , 9w8 sx / so musicbird : 7w6 , 9w8 , 4w3 eerie : 7w8 - 1w2 - 4w3 sx / sp finaille : ... nts ? interesting . i agree though , they are too cool to not have more friends xd seconded . whoever inspired you to write this is a very lucky person :) sidenote : your avatar inspired me to look up adorable hedgehog videos . so cute well aren't you the charmer ? you'll fit right in haha ! sometimes when i get into one of my more mischievous ' moods ' my friends say i develop this glint in my eyes that means that either something ... my favorite holiday is going to start soon . i love new year's eve and new year's day <3 super excited for tonight ! fireworks and a giant gathering of excited / energetic people , what's more to ... tvtropes is literally my favorite thing on this planet . many days of my life have been wasted there due to endless wiki walks . they actually have a mbti page xd upset doesn't even begin to cover it . i am so utterly furious and completely filled with despair , i can't even express my anguish properly . djfjdsbgdfhgfdsgfdsgfs fuck . just fuck . i want carne asada fries sooo bad right now q . q i just want to hang out with my best friend and do our usual routine of eating carne asada fries and drinking slurpees . i like any of the options personally . email or letter are good most of the time so the other person doesn't have to see my embarrassingly happy smile xd here is an additional list : i thought it had some cool ' awards ' that we listed before . you know , i have always wondered this . i think people just take what they see from shows , movies , interviews , and magazines and try to piece together a type that ' fits ' what they have seen . the ... richard branson huh ? and i thought that conan was an entp ? hm . well it wouldn't be the first time i have been wrong . overbearing fe is my nemesis : mellow : i know a couple of xnfjs , and they are cool people , but i am not as close to them as i am to other friends . the only exception is a good infj friend of mine , ... i think what confuses people is the enfp stereotypes and generalizations . ex : enfp : ' bubbly , silly , yet intellectual and empathetic . ' person : ' oh my goodness i am all of those things ! i am for ... this ^ personally small talk is really not such a huge deal . it's not like i am going to go psycho and murder someone's eyeballs if they engage in small talk with me . ouch , that's some pretty hard stuff . this might sound a little weird but sometimes when i feel down i watch random videos , like an ostrich doing it's mating dance , and i don't feel as bad ... guilty of this . it has gotten me into some awkward situations before xd now i try to be more discreet about it . in the last couple of days i have been on just about every mode of transportation possible , some directly after each other ( ex : today i went from a boat to train to a plane in like 2 hours ) . i am ... '