' ok so i'm moving and my new housemate said i could drop off some boxes before the first of the month . she said i could move in slowly before the first , and i was appreciative . that was going to be a ... hey sad robot , i like your wallets ! how did you put the color on the duct tape ? it doesn't look painted . sometimes stress has scrambled my thoughts , but i'm not sure it's because the thoughts were going too fast . it's more like not knowing if i decided or undecided to go with a line of thinking , or why ... i don't like mean people . and i don't like people who say one thing and do another i like something that shows that you know me and care about me , and given in a private or personal setting . and i like the experience of having fun and being surprised . i like flowers , clothes , ... when someone asks me to describe what happened , i can do that . but when someone asks me to explain why do i * think * it happened , i might be at a loss . it depends . let's say the event is simple , ... it's funny that you said rocket science . i'll sometimes deliberately look up nasa or space science news just to keep current or be excited . i like the photos too . i play brain games and do ... i sing or hum in the shower . i come up with riffs or rhythms , or fun puns , but forget them by the time i towel off . i like to be comfortable in the shower . i like to get the water temp just right , ... i love nature ... morning sunlight slanting through trees ; the warmth of sun on skin ; afternoon breeze in my hair ; seeing buildings , people and trees in low , orange light at the golden hour ; the ... american society probably does . i haven't been to asia , but people who've been there said japan and some of her neighbors value introverts . this made me laugh . i tell people i'm boring , too . and i go slow . i don't know what the rush is either . hmmm , this might not be relevant . i've been standing up for myself more , and it's stressful . and others don't react well . just yesterday a friend changed her mind about renting me an apartment . i ... i have the feeling after i write something that i shouldn't be saying it , or that it doesn't make sense , or that it's useless and undesirable . i especially believed that after writing the jumble of ... hi sopris i really liked your post , it's not useless at all ! i agree with what you said abt being inspired by nature or what someone else did . and i agree with you when you suggested maybe we can't ... i want to know that , too . lately i've been standing up for myself more and it's unpleasant . i like facts and reality . mostly i make decisions based on how i feel , but i don't talk about it ... thank you for posting this wonderful example . i would prolly marry the person who talked to me this way . it's perfect . it's fact-based , it's caring , and it suggests a solution but doesn't hammer you ... my sleeping can be erratic . i can sleep just a few hours without being crabby . if i'm awake in the middle of the night , i watch a movie or listen to music or do something entertaining . or i might be ... ooops ... batting cages , miniature golf places , go-kart tracks , games arcades ... anything to do with tourism or leisure , or where there's lots of action , and customers are happy . movie theaters , yogurt shops and ice cream places all need more help in the summer . cafes , coffee shops , barbecue places hire more wait staff in summer depending on location & store hours . can ... i like it . can you get a graphic where you put the two together , like alternating bands of various widths ? i know the shades are so close already . but i kinda think it would be fun today . omg , that's how i would shoot those flowers too . : shocked : beautiful . i love how the light is popping through the middle of the flower . i'm out of yellow ! usually i like to have a room painted yellow . i would love to have a yellow vehicle : cool : yellow stuff i have : candles picture frames some plates pajamas ( actually it's ... in the past 5-6 ? years i've been involved in creating new cultural contributions where i live . this has to do with starting private groups , websites , and movements and helping define the original ... and if you put that combination together it looks suh weet ! 1 . ) that's amazing , yellow is my favorite , too . also like yellow drifting into orange and maybe even an occasional red . 2 . ) blue or blue-becoming-violet is a nice complement to yellow . or a blue ... thank you wblack , that was a great list . amazing how much i agree . would you mind if i make it personal for me ? 1 . chemistry , spark , the ingredient , the certain je ne sais quois . it's gotta be ... i don't write in cursive . hey raindrops , i really like that camera umbrella on your signature photo ! paint splatter . like this one ? it's by jackson pollack . hi i just saw the piece that raindrop uploaded . thank you for sharing that ! i don't get it but i just like being excited or happy or delighted by art . now here's a painting by stuart davis ... i'm bad at directions too . : sad : lol , me too ! i think hate is a strong word . there are some things i'd like to improve about myself and i'm working on them : - - speak up about my contributions , ideas and abilities - - don't let ... can relate to all of it except the 3b vs 2b pencil . i love handheld writing gear , but i don't draw . yes ! : happy : yeah , but lately i've been questioning my integrity on outward agreement and inner disavowal . at times i've actually even felt some stress over it . so i've tried speaking up gently more often . it's a ... are isfp very monogamous ? i'm always monogamous ... have never cheated , and i'm old ! : cool : what are isfp ' s views on one night stands ? it's not my thing . what do isfps look for in a ... wow an enfp who is cold ... they are usually so warm . if he started warm and moved into chilliness that's not good ... can you ask him what's going on ? hi , isfps are not the greatest at doing routine procedures on time . since you're on this forum you prolly know that : wink : i agree with mina , it's aweseom that yu care enough to research us ! ... yes , esfjs have really surprised me with early and public verbal gushing of emotions . it feels overwhelming and takes getting used to . sometimes i've tried asking them to speak to me privately in ... who doesn't luv those esfps ? : laughing : but they can be exhausting . hi i agree , i'm very p and i like to balance out with someone's j ... if they're healthy and not controlling . and meeting an e is perfect cuz i like to listen and be inspired . trying things out ... hi , i really liked what mina said . i noticed you had an impulse to ask your employee why weren't my instructions being followed ... i think it might work better just to ask her what happened ... wow , yu reminded me of some great shows like simpsons & southpark & well the list goes on ... hi , i just watched american idol . i love that it's a contest and a spectacle about music . and the set design ( lights and background ) really appeals to me , too . i mostly like comedies , currently ... that was super nice of you to post this . i like how the article had great examples of actual positive things to do . : happy : other places they might be : jail , tattoo parlor , parachuting into forest fires ... : laughing : hi laly , those istps are out breaking and fixing their bikes and surfboards and whatnot . they like action with a hint of danger . : wink : hi , i like your style . yes everybody needs fun people : happy : hiya inebriato , gee , now that you said you wanted some ... i actually want some diet red bull & i'm out . another energy drink i like a lot is diet rock star ... it tastes like cotton candy . y'know , ... '