' during high school , i walked into three consecutive poles because i was preoccupied with what my friend was saying . she didn't even realize i had nearly sacrificed myself to the embarrassment gods ... oooo ! i like this thread . so many good songs ! for some reason this song makes me feel like i can do anything--it speaks to me on a weird , internal level that i don't fully understand . ... this video makes me really nostalgic . hope it's the sort of thing you're looking for :) so remember that you are never a forgotten name . ' cause i know a land called the land of the living , it's a world beyond those curtains where we learned to play . i hear the voices of my childhood ... i hadn't heard of rocket brothers before you mentioned it , but i just listened to it and it's a good song ! perhaps i was projecting my current emotional state onto the video as i watched it . i ... i felt as though it was a metaphor for my life . the girl in red is having a great time and enjoying the ride , while the girl in white is just sitting there kind of like , this is it ? i sometimes ... i oftentimes have dreams which contain figures wearing long black robes and hoods that cover their faces . on the rare occasions in which i have seen their faces , they have shark-like teeth and pale ... when i was finishing my study abroad year , i got my cartilage pierced so that i would have a reminder of my time in my host country and as a reminder of all the things i had learned and friends i had ... reasons i cry : - i'm watching the olympics . - i'm at the airport ( watching people be reunited / separated--oh dear god the tears ) . - listening to some music . - when people are fighting ( i don't even ... it took me 8 minutes . i learned it in blocks of 4-5 numbers and looked for patterns . like how the 7 , 7 , 3 , 7 , mirrored the 16 , 16 , 7 , 16 . also the first 5 numbers are divisible by 4 . 4 ' s were ... called : - creative - funny - not funny - mental freak - quiet - talkative - weird - empathetic - smart i'm awful when it comes to blood and gore . one year in history class we watched the scene from saving private ryan where they land on normandy beach . i almost passed out . in real life , i've almost ... i'm scared of my fear . afraid to act , i end up watching my life drift past , as though i'm not actually living--simply a spectator in a room where the air of life is growing stale . i'm scared of ... first , i wanted to be a figure skater because they wore sparkly outfits . then i wanted to be a spy so that i could help save the world and know everyone's secrets , but they wouldn't know me . i didn't ... one day i would like to : travel the world write something i'm actually proud of find the courage to tell the most genuinely good guy i've met how i feel learn how to apply makeup without ending ... , thank you for that link ! it was definitely enlightening and i want to look into it more :) jebediah , i'm glad i'm not the only one with that kind of memory . i'll add sign language to ... my memory is paradoxically amazing , yet horrible . i'll just un-eloquently ramble on about my memory for a few moments . when it comes to things like math , physics , molecular-type chemistry , i cannot ... i know this isn't the exact answer that you're looking for , but it might help a little . i was in toastmaster's youth leadership program during high school . i found it to be very beneficial ... at first i wanted to be a figure skater because they wear sparkly outfits . then i wanted to be a spy since they know all sorts of things , but no one knows about them . after that i wanted to be an ... i feel really creepy posting this , but i think i sat next to you on a flight to long beach in march ( if that was you , i hope you had a great trip ) . either that or you have a doppelganger , which is ... when i was a youngster , i liked to build forts out of furniture and blankets . it was awesome when my mom would join me and read out loud inside my fort . i also liked baking fun things ( like cookies ) ... this was a really cool test . i liked how it wasn't just clicking true / false bubbles ... so apparently i'm a generous artist 64024 welcome to the forum ! :) i hope you enjoy it here . i was around 11 when i discovered my infjness , but i didn't think about it much at the time and i didn't really understand what it meant . when i ... wow , all of this is exactly how i feel . i never knew that anyone else thought the same thing before today , and i'm glad i'm not the only one . i love looking at photos of galaxies and stars , and i've ... ah , sorry i wasn't clear in my original post . it's more of the cultural and perceptual system that we have here . it just doesn't seem to click with me . everything we do is so rigid and structured ... for me , it's mostly a feeling of not belonging here . i've had that feeling ever since i was very , very young because i never really related to other kids , or even other people for that matter . when i ... i definitely think that i give away more of my thoughts and feelings through written , rather than through spoken , words . when i write something , i can go back and rephrase things and choose the ... i found my new best friend : it's not too odd , but i once saw a grown man riding a motorized unicorn with flashing colorful lights that played music and there were tons of children chasing him . i think he could be the modern day ... i did this exercise about a year ago while not in a very health state of mind , so i should probably try it again . what i came up with last year is rather abstract and not very helpful when it comes ... linadami , i can completely relate to the whole friend thing--it's almost like you described how most of my friendships work . it's not much fun :/ thankfully , i did manage to stumble upon a good ... i'm glad i'm not the only one who lives under a rock :') it can be quite lonely there sometimes , but it's my comfort zone and crawling out from under the rock is scary and occasionally traumatic . i ... one of my friends said that i was the most intuitive ( to the point of being scary ) person that she had ever met . needless to say , that really made my day :) most everyone thinks i'm freakishly innocent , but they're kind of right . i mean , i didn't know what a thong was until the week before my first year of college , or what a rave was until , well , ... i played piano from kindergarten through senior year of high school ( though i was never very good ) . i still like to play , but i'm away at college and i don't have a piano in my apartment :( . my top ... do your eyes change color ? yes ! it's freaked people out on occasion . one friend said that she wanted to keep track of my eye color each day ( though she never did ) , another said i have magic eyes ... how to meet an infj 101 * 1 . acquire the sweetest , cuddliest , most playful kitten ever to grace this earth . 2 . take the adorable kitten to a public place where infjs congregate , such as a park ... long ago i had a cause . i wanted to create a perfect world where there was no violence , hatred , fear , or broken friendships . sadly my ideal vision was shattered by the pessimism that stemmed from ... it seems to me that infjs like hugs , though i could be totally wrong about this generalization . i , on the other hand , typically try to avoid hugging / touching people or having them hug or touch me ... i found this song yesterday and it struck a chord with me ( especially around the 2:38 ish mark ) . oh i love asking people really random questions ! i'll ask you several , but you don't have to answer them if you don't want to . what is your favorite book ? what do you think life would be like if ... it's hard to choose the best compliment ( because i love and appreciate them all ! ) but i'd have to say either when i see you my faith in humanity is restored . or you're so perfect , i don't know how ... the awesome thing about my day today was that i woke up early for a finals review session ( not awesome ) , but i was rewarded by a wonderfully foggy morning ( i think foggy weather is just so gorgeous ) ... so how did you meet your best friend or friends ? school or university ? work ? perhaps through some kind of activity group thing , or even through the internet ? and are you still in touch with them ? ... more twisted horribly twisted humor that makes me giggle like a little girl . i promise i'm not a psychopath ! ! thank you ! i'm surprised that i ... this joke is definitely twisted , but it made me laugh so much when i heard it ( which probably means that i'm a horrible person ) . why did the baby cross the road ? because it was stapled to a ... my favorites are doctor who and sherlock ( bbc version ) . i love the characters and how they interact in sherlock and doctor who is just quirky ( which is awesome ) : happy : i never share poetry , but i was browsing the forum when this one popped in my mind and i wanted to write it down . frozen in time lost in the crowd the world keeps spinning , round and round . the ... mom : isfj dad : intp brother : intj my dog is quite the smelly puppy . she farts all the time--even in her sleep , which causes her to wake up completely terrified ( though it's quite amusing to see a 100 pound dog cowering under the ... '