' i'm in high school still , but i'm hoping to go for a psych major and become a therapist or psychologist or psychiatrist or which ever one you get to help people out the most in . understand people . sixteen . one month into a four month relationship . i felt great about it afterwards , kept on doing it with her until the the end ( and a bit after ) of the relationship . after i ended the relationship ... the period of time where it was cool to sit in coffee shops and read earnest hemmingway and f . scott . fitsgerald in france . yes , both are usually dominated by jungian archetypes in some form . also , a religion is an overlying group of beliefs that people follow , while a mythology can either be stand-alone or part of a ... when helping someone , i try to validate their feelings . i want to make them feel normal , i also try to help solve whatever is bothering them step by step , maybe asking questions to figure out exactly ... but i am so alone . edit : that was supposed to be in all caps to make it humorous . now it looks sad . but i still mean it it wouldnt be ' real ' if there were two people . in any case , the infp in question probably wouldnt even believe they were with two people at once . they'd rationalize it somehow i think , or feel ... a ; fdjga ;d nf ; b sup . it can be a little overwhelming at times , but you guys rule so it's ok haha . i never said that , nor even tried to imply it in any way . i was just wondering why is all . there are just so many questions pertaining to god that i would really like to know the answers to , i really ... i've done this too . i met a boy a while back , and things just clicked . within a half an hour of talking , we were sharing our secrets and concerns with eachother . this lasted about a week , then there ... i was very sensitive as a child . i have a big , loud , italian family , so whenever we'd have a get together i'd just want to get out of there . i also ended up breaking down at a lot of birthday parties ... no matter what type the joker is , he probably had borderline , sadistic , and anti-social personality disorders . i'm not sure why i typed this ... infps vs infps in arguments . what would come about if two infps infringed on eachothers deepst values ? does anyone know this experience , and if so , what happened to each person or party ? but is your view of god teaching us or experimenting with us ? i'm not sure what you meant . what would he be teaching us if the garden of eden was so great ? after all , we could have just stayed there ... i would love to go to one of those westborrow baptist church protests with a sign that says god hates figs . i wouldn't be able to keep a straight face in front of all those crazies . i'm an infp , what is logical analysis ? the dark side of the forc - - er ... infp beckons ... i can be cynical too , you're not alone . here's something i've always wanted to know ... why did jesus hate fig trees so much ? i mean seriously , i like figs ! he just went ahead and cursed a fig tree just because it wouldn't give him ... infps probably had a part in the creation of all the great rpgs the world knows . thank you op :D almost everyone i know is an enfp , you guys rule ! i probably would never do anything exciting with other people if it weren't for you guys , and the emotional sharing is great too . ... i'm always afraid of approaching people for help and stuff too , don't worry about it , i think it's a shy thing . as for contacting people first but they never contact first in return , that's probably ... i always rreeaaalllyy want to express my feelings , but i never do . is it shyness ? i don't know . is it being afraid of attachment ? maybe ? probably not . i don't know , but i guess i like keeping things ... well , i mean , outside of popular behaviors seen in most infps ... i think it would be very easy for an infp with its morals shattered and their dom fi to become a cynic and hate everyone . haha , not ... my dad is an enfp , almost all of my friends are enfps , so i was just wondering ... what do you guys think of your infp friends or parents or anything ? what do you notice about them ? i originally just put the number 2 , but the site told me my post was too short . 1 + 1 = 2 in a math sense . in any other sense , you'd have to know the context and what you're adding together in ... not really , depression and such usually just leaves me braindead creatively . oh well , i'll come around music . i think i'll just take the whole experience and others like it and put them into the creative blender . i read a bit about limerence on wikipedia . seems about right , but maybe mine is not as sexual as it is emotional . i don't know ... many of you have probably experienced this , but i want to know how you feel afterward / end up dealing with it . so , i became infatuated with this girl recently and kind of flirted with the idea of ... oh man , i get lost in my own head all the time . i try to help other people as much as possible , but it's hard when i have to balance with keeping my emotional integrity stable > _ < ' ' sometimes when ... atmosphere rules . he has to extroverted though . xbox live - crimsonxirony i play lots of stuff , halo : reach , call of duty , need for speed , sims 3 , gta 4 . procrastinating on my homework . gay . painfully single . listening to post-rock . apathetic towards school . wanting deeper friendships than i have now . wanting perspective . using this to ... my mom is an infj and my dad is an enfp . don't really remember much of my early childhood with all of us together because they divorced when i was 10 , but i turned out pretty well haha . me and my dad ... preceptions of sexuality are quite false in most cases . there isn't just gay , bisexual and straight , but there's an entire spectrum from one side to the other . in fact , the group of people who ... blargh , let me try again ... here you go : manners demo.zip i don't think people should consider race a factor for anything anymore . seems kind of outdated to me ... i make karl marx look like karl marx . that test pretty much told me i was an anarchist . up the pvnx . ^ my brother took the same route , but as a musician lol scientist . i didn't know what kind as a kid , but i just couldn't stop asking questions and learning . i had this insatiable appetite for knowledge . is there one ? for example , i am an infp , and i grew up in a houshold where my mom was an infp and my dad was an enfp . my brother turned out an esfp . any correlations with you guys ? my parents are ... i grew up in a very musical setting , my dad being an avid guitarist . i took up percussion in 5th grade band after my brother had been doing it for four years , and i've been a drummer ever since . took ... swingbeatnik i should really look into it . it'd be a great way to stick it to my step-dad haha :P here's an awesome article on archetypes and pretty much on self-expansion and finding the true self through understanding those functions . ... really , any type can go with any type . my understanding of types is that they don't dictate how people act , they dictate how people see the world . a good analogy i've heard is that type is a colored ... oh jeez , my attention span is not this long . will check it out though . edit : really interesting stuff ! i had to stop at 17 minutes because the daily show will be on soon , but i'll be sure to ... wait , so they really have cctv surveilence in the uk ? that's really fucked . oh damn . that's pretty ironic . '