' funny you say that , last night i told my dad that sometimes he needs to be patient with people , he can't expect to teach something once , and not even through example of actions , but through one nice ... i used to admire my dad for the same reasons , he does work very hard i will admit . but he is very very pushy when it comes to his opinions . if you disagree you're an idiot pretty much . like an ... he won't accept weakness in anyone , he expects us all to be saints . he has this expectation on himself and his family but it's turned almost blind . i think he has wronged so badly that he doesn't ... he's done the test multiple times and a few cognitive functions test . what other time would you think him be ? okay .. now i think of it , as a child i was good at manipulating my mum into buying me ice-cream . this is actually true haha . seeing as you appear to be online , would you like to check out a post ... when the enfj is at it's very best , we are like saints , and at our worst , we are the devil . as an enfj myself , growing up with an enfj dad was pretty good . we connected on most things and he ... yeah , i did this awhile back , i didn't get many replies , but most were not for the relationship . [ / quote ] im inclined to see this more as an ego development issue .. not so much related to type ... haha i can't hold a grudge to save my life ! i kinda wish i could though , so i didn't keep on blindly trusting people ! 1 . i am terrible at manipulation 2 . i am so disorganized 3 . no one has ever made me a leader of anything . 4 . i probably spend more time analysing people than trying to stimulate growth in them ... i wanted to see if any of you could relate to my experience . 1 . i felt as though we only worked while we were alone , the presence of others made him forget my existence . 2 . i felt as though he ... in my relationship with one , i felt as though we only worked when we were alone . i know this sounds ridiculous , but when we were with people he ignored me and acted quite differently . i felt ... i couldn't be bothered reading all of this ^ i'm not even sure if my late reply will be read , but here's my two cents . for a j i am not very well disciplined at all , actually , see me as an enfj gone ... i agree , and i think that while we are young are functions haven't really had the time to go too far from our first two , and there's so much inexperience to the world . my estj ex would act mature and ... hmmm i think i liked his logic , and i'm sort of a wacked up enfj and don't really go around softening things up . i'm really happy you said this could work , there is so much negativity on it . it ... question , is it a bigger turn on if a girl is all dolled-up or natural ? honestly , i have days where i feel introverted and days where i feel extroverted . there was something i really wanted to ask and now i've completely forgotten . :( the istp i know goes on the internet and designs shoes . i like the way he dresses , but i don't think he cares , he loves his shoes though . is this completely uncommon ? i'm not sure if this is common for enfj , but i speak in metaphors a good amount of time also . it's not exactly the metaphor , it's like the meaning of the metaphor had nothing to do what i was ... this ^ ( y ) yep , pretty much . so .. you guys are really misunderstood ? or just more straight forward with how you feel - so people think you are jerks ? i pretty much can relate to everything you said kiwigirl . i'm the same ! i won't start something unless i know i might actually do a really good job at it or i will be really good at it . haha awesome :) thanks for watching and replying ! you pretty much nailed the relationship i have with my infp friend . i'll be trying to logically explain something to her and she will kind of ... he is 18 , he has actually got a pretty rough home life and he isn't smart , like he is not a smart person , and he knows it . he did terribly in school and i think feeling inferior to everyone and ... haha , maybe i should have been a little more in depth about my question answering ? thanks everyone for your responses ! hahaha , i'm exactly the same , i always get people to make snap decisions for me .. but then of course i don't agree with their decision . * sigh * haha interesting interpretations ! thanks ! oh ! and always needing affection thrown at us .. if the enfj is well-developed enough we will already know how someone feels about us , we won't need it to be proven all the time . i only just read this - after posting mine . honestly , what i read about xnfj - enfj especially , on the internet compared to the ones that i know , including myself , are only similar to a point . the ... i don't mean to boast but - complicated and unpredictable .. yet having their shit together . we would be good friends haha ! i think that there are certain things that turn people on that types can relate to . for example , if you check the infj threads , they mostly say that intellect and humor turn them on . however , if ... haha , yes ! :) oh , and thank you for sharing about your dad . also , i could never marry enfp or infp . so you're a more accepting person than i am ! ! thanks heaps for your reply ! ! ! :) it's really hard talking about yourself because there's soo much to summarize and no one is ever really going to fit it all in ! i think i have a pretty ... 0 . is there anything that may affect the way you answer the questions ? for example , a stressful time , mental illness , medications , special life circumstances ? other useful information includes sex , ... aww ! alrighty , :) i'll chat to you for sure . i had no responders in the enfj forum . any responses will be appreciated . also i would like to apologize for my opening - hi . i'm pretty ... title says it all :) i know i'm enfj .. buuut , mystery ! a mysterious guy is the hottest . especially if he seems dark or brooding . i know that's weird , but there's something about the quiet bad guy that really turns me ... thanks for responding :) i don't think i've ever been close to an istj before . it would be awesome to meet one . oh wow . hi . i scare myself . if the vid doesn't work please let me know . all replies will be much appreciated ! :) actually , i am really interested in this type . the entp i have been dating told me that he has a very big ego and that he always feel as though his opinion is more important . he also said that he ... i have been on a few dates with an entp and he really really didn't stop talking . i actually felt like he didn't care what i had to say . as soon as i started talking , he would take over the topic ... have any of you experienced a relationship with an enfj , what were the good aspects and the bad aspects ? yeah he doesn't do that - i was doing that for him . stupid , i know . i was making excuses for his behaviour . i am not an intj , but my best friend is , so i'm answering for him haha . 1 . what is your sexual orientation ? straight 2 . do you regularly do drugs ? ( for the purposes of this survey , i'll ... yeah , i do thrill seek , however , my imagination can sometimes get the better of me and show me all of the worst possible outcomes the action could create . i do thrill seek when i have some sort of ... i am completely obsessed . i hate it ! i can't just switch it off . '