' i can't stand it when i'm misunderstood . like when something i say gets misinterpreted for something i didn't mean at all . especially when it's like the opposite of how i am and something i really ... so i'm trying to be more assertive and outspoken lately , i've decided . i keep chickening out though . the thing is , how do i know what is too far or not suitable . like what if i go too far and just ... goldthysanura mr . meepers nope . i only ever do what i want lol . i'm talking about when i finally get motivation to achieve my goals and stop procrastinating and being lazy . like i said it feels ... does anyone else ever feel so blank you can't believe you actually exist like i think how is it possible to feel so blank yet still be thinking and apparently real . i think i feel like this when ... tfw i'm such a 9 i have to type in all lowercase , say things like ' maybe ' ' possibly ' ' idk ' ' it's up to you though obviously ' ' like ' ' sort of ' ' kinda ' ' probably ' in basically every sentence , miss out ... so when i integrate to 3 i feel good like i know it's integration and i'm doing better . i feel more alive , motivated etc . but i also kinda miss being an unhealthy dissociated 9 . as that is like ... idk i guess it can be kinda difficult to tell . i think i'm ugly most of the time but i'm probably about average or just below average i guess even though i think im ugly personally as the way i look ... 694705 infj . red suits you btw . 694697 i'm trying to see my 1 wing driving me insane as a good thing . and try to use those times when it's out of control to sort of somehow use it to integrate it . as it's something else other than just ... mr . bean - intp 683346 i guess my go to look is : - a light bb cream as foundation with concealer too as my skin is bad and for under-eyes . it always seems to come off as quite light coverage though but it makes so much ... i like the purple lipstick . it looks kinda metallic . it reminds of 90 ' s kinda vibe which i like . looks cool . with your hair especially . i've heard that paracetamol overdose is one of the most painful and long ways to die . not pretty . and is often not even effective . so people end up causing damage to their organs . surely you don't ... warped standards . my favourite . 1 . on a scale of 1-10 how committed are you to the idea of having a life partner ? if 1 is i'm hoping to die alone ! hooray ! and 10 is omg will this endless waiting ever be over ? it's all i think ... this is very interesting ... it's nice . and i can kinda relate . how do you create neutrality more often when you don't have it ? or is it easy for you ? maybe the lowest level . or at least the second lowest level . i attempted suicide . i was totally dissociated from reality . like a ghost . i'm a 9w1 5w6 4w3 sx / sp . i'd guess or judging from experience that i might be most attracted to : probably 9 and 3 most . also 4 ' s probably . i've been attracted to 7 ' s before for short term ... i wouldn't really call it a bias per se . but i suppose something like , formlessness is the only good way to be . existing too much is not real and uncomfortable . feels false . also for my 1 wing ... walking around town / the city campus today observing everything and getting ideas / thinking . random middle-aged man : are you alright ? me : why ? man : are you alright ? me : mm , are * you * ... favourite : feeling alive , interest , feeling absorbed in something interesting or aesthetically pleasing , inspiration , melancholy , feeling like everything is perfect and / or new , feeling like ' myself ' ... many sp / so oh yeah i can do an impression of that accent pretty well actually . it's cockney which is like a more old fashioned version of working class london / southern accent . ghetto is similar but more modern ... i really want to totally change my voice . the reason is mainly because i don't want to feel similar to my abusive ' mother ' ( who i disowned years ago is now dead to me ) . i am english . does anyone ... no i don't like it . my apartment or room is my own retreat . i don't want people invading it . well i have contamination ocd too but that's not the only reason . im good at lying . i lie sometimes . if i need to . i also act kinda fake a lot of times like putting in a social front just enough so that people think i'm normal . i've had a lifetime of practice and ... i have a good eye for aesthetics . still would like to develop si more than i have already though to get better like more effortlessly instinctual more often like it comes so naturally to isfx's ... i'm wondering if anyone would want to help me figure out how best to do something . it's nothing morally wrong whatsoever in fact it's morally right . however i think some people might judge me for ... as a usually unhealthy type 9 i can get uncomfortable about experiencing most emotions . for example when i'm feeling very detached and dissociated at the unhealthy levels , i will specifically avoid ... yes it's the only emotion i feel intensely or regularly really . even thiugh it's fleetingly . i think i have a lot of suppressed anger . i realise i get angry a lot now . i used to just think it was ... 661194 join the club :) hello and welcome ! i have similar interests and i like your username and avatar . freeze or flee . or tell them to leave me alone . just walking away and possibly giving them a dirty look is preferable option . well i'm not saying it's easy in reality to actually do . but i still don't get why some people find it actually unappealing in the first place ? . it sounds totally appealing to me . i'd love to be like ... interesting . i get this idea . the ' integrate to 3 ' description sounds appealing to me and like good advice . so it's interesting people are saying that their integration description doesn't sound ... i don't personally know much about what it's like to study those subjects . but it sounds like you are doing well at math and it could be relevant for many courses / careers . it sounds like you find ... i basically lived off ramen ( the instant packet kind ) for a couple of months before . when i was in college . i thought i was so clever and it was so great that i could live off something so cheap and ... my tritype is 9w1 5w ? 6 ? 4w3 . i have a strong 5 influence . but i guess being a 9 maybe makes me a bit less intense about knowledge idk . i'm an intp so of course i like acquiring knowledge and ... skip me . makes sense . i save my ne for special occasions ;) thanks roboticforest that sounds like some good / interesting advice about analysing my body language . although i tried to do it today and as i was curled up with my hands hugging me and around my ... i think ben is an intp . i think for that reason he seems a bit like a cross between an isfj and infp . i do understand what you are noting about his impulsiveness at a lot of times snd i imagine how ... i'm experiencing an emotion right now . it might be sadness or depression . it is a sort of spreading warm feelings in my chest and slight ache or heaviness to it . but it doesn't feel bad . is it ... this just reminded of some times when i think i have felt sadness . like sometimes when i hear about an animal being mistreated . i think i can feel some sadness then . hmm maybe when i wrote this ... because i don't know if i do or not . or if i do then how or when . i guess when i cry i must be experiencing sadness . but other than that i'm not sure . after and before i cry i feel no different ... i find that changing my environment ( somewhere new and enjoyable / exciting / interesting ) usually works well . i find it to be very effective , quick and easy . as i just start observing everything which ... p . s . i can imagine this is what it might be like if it goes well . ha . 653066 no , not anymore , i used to when i was younger though . like when i was in college i used to try to fit in . now i just do what i want . that's the best way to make real friends anyway and live the life ... '