' maybe you could ask people on here to talk about different subjects while recording their eyes . that way you could maybe pinpoint the cognitive functions ' associated eye movements . i'd be down for it . oh , i know . i was more ranting about infps who feel contempt for fe users because they don't have the same priorities . from an fe perspective , it is very easy to say fi is selfish , but i don't ... i think you guys should understand that not everyone have the same values . seriously , you say you understand and accept everyone but you hate fe users ? fe users just don't see the need for being ... do you like her ? do you mind having to deal with her ti and inferior fe ? welp , i just talked to her . it was really nice and i didn't even have a subject in mind . i think i'm going to keep talking ot her online until she's more a person and less of a fantasy in my head , ... this gives me hope . i saw her online and i freaked out , heart pounding and all , over how i was going to talk to her . should i start with a subject to kick off conversation ? or do i just say hi , ... what use is usefulness ? fun , ahoy ! because being mean to oblivious noobs is so much fun personally , i'm no entp , but i gotta say i sure do like intjs whoa there , naz , dude , stop flooding the forum with spaghetti . holy shit , have you seen how much spaghetti you're dropping ? this is worse than when i went to the hair salon ! in other words : oh ... interesting how infps are always cute / attractive . edit : ok , maybe not always , but frequently enough . i believe you should buy him an experience , like a concert or food . he will think about you and be more thankful for you more since it is ephemeral . also : why regret makes buying experiences better ... a mutual friend told me she's not the kind of girl to care if i interrupt her conversation , and she talks so much i shouldn't be afraid of awkward silences . also , according to that friend , she ... i have failed . gah ! i suck . i really hate social anxiety . every time i see her i always seem to find a good reason not to talk to her . oh , she's with her friends , better not bother her i'm ... thank you . i think i should stop thinking about this being romantic . i'll try to change my mindset . it's better to start as friends , right ? i'd just really like to be in a relationship , especially ... of course i don't have a lot of data , i've only known her for one or two weeks but i think you guys are right , i can't make a conclusion just yet . i'm trying to look at it as a friendship , but ... on chat discussion is fluid , she talks more than me and we try to get to know eachother . i made her pass a mbti test ( she was interested in it ) and she's definitely infp . when i told her i was intp ... this post has been moved to its own thread i'd definitely like to be more extraverted . to have the same creativity and all , but have more energy and drive . i'm sick of getting drained so fast . i didn't put quotation marks there for nothing . you told me that disclosure to her was imperative , so that was what i'd ahve to say according to you . the lack of punctuation and silly , texting-like ... i like u and all but you are super boring is it cos ur nervous ? i'm getting a lot of second thoughts ... why do i get so bored and uninterested sometimes , when she talks about herself ? am i an asshole , or is it normal not to be interested in what someone did in ... i might have issues , but it looks pretty flirty to me . personally , people never tell me to smile . if i'm bored i look pretty intimidating , but when i'm interacting with people , i'm either laughing ... oh yes , having plausible deniability is always nice , and i've always tried to keep it . but i think i'm going to ditch it if i want to progress , this time . the other intps get on my nerves , for ... seeing her naked is not in my top priorities , at all . just called her , it was pretty quick but she seemed pleasantly surprised , and it went pretty neatly . i had doubts lately , mainly due to the fact that i can't talk to her as easily and as ... pff , dolfie was totally esfj . he was good at manipulating people and telling them what their role in society was ( fe ) , and he had much respect for traditions ( si ) . just kidding . see how easy it is ... i used your avatar for a silly song . caution : all clichés in this song are used ironically . anyway , welcome back ! what if the mbti isn't based on any objective data ? heh . well , anyway , it appears eye tracking can be pretty helpful , and bill gates seemed to have ni according to it cause his eyes were going in ... you know , sometimes it seems mbti is kind of bogus , too . there is a correlation between s and j / n and p . according to the various functions test on the web , most people don't actually have their ... who's to say your typings are more accurate than his ? i'd have thought he's intj . really ? can you explain ? what i meant is that she doesn't have a cellphone . plus , she hates being on the computer and facebook / skype / whatever . well , uh , the date was saturday , and i had told her she should come eat with me and my few friends , which i reminded her on our only class together , and which she did . not sure if that was a good ... i mean the typical infj walls around her true personality . like , she sounds like she thinks through what she says way too much ... she doesn't talk much about herself and keeps pretty distant , but i ... yep , so this girl is totally hinding herself from me , maybe she has trust issues ? ha , anyway , anyway i can make her feel more comfortable and open up ? i'm very laid-back ( i like to say i'm actually ... shit . any way i can ... avoid such an environment ? freelance work , i guess ? tits or gtfo yep , this is why i'll try to work as a university prof , and not in a company . ntuitive : do you like her ? do you like being with her ? would your life be less pleasurable without her ? i think you're overreacting . obviously the less you trust her , the more you're angry with her , ... yeah bro i totes have 2 get big and bulk up bro bitches love simple men with disproportionately huge muscles . i am really curious what autism actually is , then , if not a lack of empathy or understanding of emotions . personally , i don't get hurt easily , but i do get a bit sad if someone turns out not to ... i got 60 % this is bullshit . some people have naturally aghast-looking eyes and whatnot , so i can't really know . plus , those women had so much makeup ... most of them looked neutral , to me . i'm ... sure is freudian daddy issues in here . you have great ideas , and it sounds great . awesome atmosphere . but : it gets repetitive . you have no idea how much knowledge of theory and chord progressions and scales and modes would help you . i make music and i have quite long , curly hair . i'm pretty artsy , i guess . even though i like music for the theory behind , and i write it to play with clichés and stuff . here's my youtube ... please explain how there can be free will in a universe following laws , a deterministic universe . or , please explain how a universe could not be deterministic . if there is chance and randomness , then ... because the universe obeys to laws of physics and such , everything can be , theoretically predicted . even your choices are only the result of chemical reactions . but to know all the position and ... just got back from the date . it was pretty nice , very relaxed and all , food was good , music was great , and i learned a lot about her . i'm confident she had fun , too , even though she looked a bit ... triple post : i've got a date . this is awesome . she just called . she was giggling and pretty nervous , and she's gonna call me back . i feel awesome . oh god oh god i just called and her mom answered . she wasn't available so she proposed she'd call me in ten minutes , so i left my number . oh shit oh shit oh shit oh shit edit : i just realised how ... '