my mind is expanding too fucking fast ... i think my tongue would fall off if i talked as much as these girls i'm about to work with . one started the story about the time when she had diarrhea , again . so instead of saying ' ' i don't give ... i call him fritz . in private . well , not so anymore . used to call him ' n ' , but then i watched death note ... fred is cool but bit too english . though , better than ' nietzschi ' , it sounds like some sort ... this hypothetical conversation happens every time i watch crime and investigation channel and following advertisement is streamed : the woman says : ' ' he had this evil grin on his face and asked me ... you might be interested in this : the internet is the god we create it's one of the best documentaries i've seen lately . definitely worth watching . i definitely recommend . definitely go ... i also prefer ' i know ' coming from politicians rather then ' i think ' . it's rare though and even more annoying is ' i believe we will accomplish x before y ' . people elect them to build the system that ... in person ( or phone calls ) rarely , i have to be at extreme ease with person to call them by name . i don't call people by name even when i'm talking about them with third person . most often , if ... apart from over-analyzing the situation i doubt any actual actions would be actualized . i've spent most of time wishing life had undo button . i have no real advice though ... i have only 2 friends so far . there was thread like : not sure whether i'm infp or intp , help ? , followed by long op description of their persona . and the guy answered : ' ' i'm waiting for the ... also , if vatican is not protected from murphy's law - i think this guy shall be elected as a new guy : ... in my language we say ' papa ' for ' pope ' and ' pa-pa ' for ' bye-bye ' . so , what did pope say on 28th of february ? 63583 oh ... forgot to mention ... i also eye-dance . every time i listen to something danceable , i dance . but in my mind , i visualize scene , costume and everything . does this count ? : kitteh : p . s . i dance for real when i'm drunk though ... and i ... comment section on youtube ; amy whinehouse's video . some kid : amy didnt die . she was murdered ! me : are you implying that if one is murdered one does not die ? kid : u get my point smartass . if ... i haven't said your post nor your decision to end relationship shows wishful thinking . i said if one narrows down combination of two ambitious partners to only one possible outcome , as person i ... i said : and then you say : how am i derailing anything when i said you mentioned it - but it was not what i was referring to . when i say : you mentioned , i mean : you did mention . here is ... yes , i one-dimensiolized , narrowing it down to only one possible outcome . that is ignorant , but i did it on purpose . it is equivalent to what you did with stay-at-home-female , you narrowed it to maid ... my mother ( exfp ): are we gonna make smashed potatoes ? ( at this point she is in the hallway ) me : what about those beans we are making ? ( the whole pot of beans was already boiling , we never make side ... 1 . it's so not cool to edit a post over and over after it has already been replied to you . if you are unable to get your thoughts straight , perhaps add additional arguments in new post . wtf are ... no sir , you said that dawkins couldn't do shit to disapprove your claim on how religion was beneficial for humanity . you mentioned writing a blank check for science but it was not what i was ... it's not me who defined the difference , difference is factual , otherwise they'd be just synonyms and there would be no need for anyone to stress out the difference between the meaning nor explanation ... 1 . i find it disrespectful of you to apologize , tell me to get over stuff or to stop with crying stuff or how you'd give me anything into my face . there is absolutely no reason to do so , for all of ... if you are already running on a daily basis and you'd only run faster if you run with marathon runner , then you are looking for challenge and rival not a companion . for if it has same effect on both ... the difference between humanism and humanism : 1 . humanism : 2 . humanism : oh , i think religious folks rather perceive him as one that is offering the fruit . just to make it clear : humanism is method to oppose theism , it explains why society doesn't need religion in order to establish and live up to moral compass . there are atheists , who are ... do you think intjs need additional motivation in order to achieve success in career ? do you think that female who has no ambition toward career would be unable to make your life / you better in any ... okay , i'm brunette . hot can be speculated since it's subjective . hypothetically , knowing what i know about you from this thread : we meet at the party ( and if i'd talk to you i would probably ... brows go up is my favorite / main facial expression . i'd steal the shirt if i could . both of them . i like gray . ups ... better than downs . ups ... where the action is . ups ... ooops . stop it . people who value quality of posts based on quantity , how entertained they're by them and amount of appreciation provided ; completely disregarding the content . those that make statements but are ... my questions : does she want him back regardless of whether he wants her back ? how can one teach philosophy but be unable to reach the ' depth ' of things ? what the hell is : early childhood learning ? ... i agree , but prefer philosophical approach , so i give you this guy on synergy : since the moment i encountered this book , i decided this very chapter will be printed and both me and my partner ... istjs are not introverted thinkers . istjs have te as their auxiliary function -> te stands for extroverted thinking -> istjs are extroverted thinkers . ixtx =/ = introverted thinker . all tps and ... why would verbal conflict be the only way to win one's brain , how about just fascinate it ? if you are unable to see for yourself whether someone is friendly , or trying to manipulate you , or is just tolerating you , - online forums might only confuse you further . i realize this is quite ... i said it was odd . not impossible . by that i meant - it's not the way they'd usually react . if you actually google that subject , you'll see i'm not the only one that says so . and what other ... mhm , indeed . that is my method . though , exacerbation is not my intent , quite opposite . but yes , it goes that way at times . if it's you , then : 62208 ( i'd like my hair colour to remain a ... i'd suggest an objective approach here and advise one to read it in totality before jumping to conclusions . well , at least read it . i don't know , that's what they taught us at logic and philosophy ... was that to prove you're red head or how you've got you plenty of boys to choose from ? and what makes you think i might be interested in either ? and why call me honey and not jam or cookie or ... you are cute brunette , just a bit young . one day some brave man will come and explain you the purpose and implications of my questions . also , when he comes your overall / avarage number of posts per ... what is dunno ? what is think ? what is related ? what is rare ? what is time ? what is google ? what is definition ? what is unlikely ? what is ip ? what is address ? what is objectification ? indeed . you can go on believing i really need it to be explained by you . i'll just let her have that last post ... dignity , so alien word to certain people . guys , show is over . ;) now pay for popcorn . 1 . scattered opinions , coming from person terribly virtued in onomastic is not if my concern . as for the rest , no one asked you how you feel about me . 2 . impression that i wanted to be your friend ... it's a typo , obviously . besides , my smartphone keyboard puts in suggestions , so i can't even say if it's due to me or tech . you said you'll leave first , but as i notice in other threads when someone ... how dare you to take stuff out of the context like that ... inexcusable ... post you quoted was my response to your suggestion for me being intp and i explained why that's not the case . i had no ... apparently depends on how long you've stick around here and has nothing to do with credibility of your arguments . besides , it's not like this is mbti forum where such things would be okay to ...