' i use makeup when the mood strikes , but even so i keep it fresh and natural looking . i opt for bb cream , blush , mascara , and tinted lip balm . on the rare occasions that i'm in the mood for more ... the office , parks and recreation , parenthood , breaking bad , the walking dead , arrested development . i'm also in . i completely adore this time of year . i have only a vague physical description of my protagonist and an oddly shaped drawing of a lightbulb in my nanowrimo planning notes . ( because what ... the warmth of you who made me laugh again it's a line from a bukowski poem . it's also my boyfriend in a sentence . - lack of respect for my alone time . i will absolutely run from someone who takes my occasional silence personally , as if i am upset with them . i need my space and i need it to be understood . - i ... i am eighteen years old and still cannot properly close pizza boxes . i view each and every one of them as an enemy . exhausted , introverted . i just want to be alone in an empty house for the weekend . i've been giving so much of myself away to people that i haven't felt at peace for a while . ah ... it feels as if hairdressers undergo a special course that teaches them to make their customers feel as if they're strapped to an electrocution chair . getting a haircut is small talk hell . life as we knew it by susan beth pfeffer . when you prefer to grocery shop late at night because the atmosphere is nicer somehow . when you take a sample from a food cart simply because you feel sorry the server had no one in line . when ... my desire to sever ties only occurs when i feel as if someone is getting to know me a bit too well . i recognize it as a defense mechanism , and i am able to cope with it , but small fantasies about ... short answers annoy me as well . when i'm conversing with someone i want depth and substance . i can't help but wonder why they're talking to me if all they're interested in giving me is a single ... if i ever do have children ( which is about as likely as a zombie apocalypse ) i absolutely will not spank them as a means of correcting their behavior . that being said , i try my best to blindly trust ... this year will be my third nanowrimo attempt and hopefully my second win . i just adore nanowrimo . i really do . having a creative project to work on for an entire month keeps me feeling centered and ... please stop talking ... just a few more days until my love gets home : blushed : 1 ) describe your parents in one word each . mom - emotional . dad - protective . 2 ) choose one : family . 3 ) which statement do you most agree with : extramarital affairs are wrong . 4 ) choose one : ... leaving to go babysit two toddlers . glad he's back tomorrow . going to spend hours in a swimming pool floating on my back . then i'll dry my mermaid hair out and visit downtown memphis to see a symphony and fireworks show . if you pointed out my flaws in a more gentle way with genuine concern for my improvement then i would not be so harsh toward you . however , today you chose to have a screaming match with me in the ...  ... human skin can be hard to live in you'll feel better in the morning when you visit a pet store and purchase a chinchilla and 300 dollars worth of chinchilla supplies because the little guy looked so unhappy and lonely in his tiny glass cage . irresistible furballs ... did they tell you you should grow up when you wanted to dream ? did they warn you better shape up if you want to succeed ? i don't know about you , who ... of course you can take up 3/4 of the bench with your king-like sitting position ! i don't need personal space at all . in fact , the scent of your beer breath drowns out the terrible smell of flowers , ... istjs . the ones i've met have been entirely too controlling and unaffectionate for my taste . every obnoxious douchebag on campus tried to make conversation with me today . sometimes i wish i were mean enough to tell people to shut the fuck up . yesterday over someone i miss . he's been out of my life for two months , but every few weeks i'll have a moment of sadness . i just ride the emotions out until they fade ... someday soon it will finally ... i have my first ever job interview tomorrow at an animal hospital . i wish i could scrub my awkwardness off in the shower . you sigh a lot . come on , i can't be the only one . safe and loved . my dad is thousands of miles away on a fantastic beach vacation , and yet he still called to let me know that severe weather is headed my way . he's always looking out for me . my favorite games are the sims ( as others have mentioned ) , age of empires , animal crossing , harvest moon , plants vs zombies , and dynasty warriors . i'm all over the place . my mom is an enfp and my dad is an infj . hammock , party , outcast crown , twinkle , alone i never loved you was very far from the truth . i hope that deep down you know that . you're still my favorite boy . foot in mouth my brother and his family of extroverts will be staying with us for three weeks . they arrive tomorrow . i need a how to maintain my sanity plan . my only pet as of now is a miniature long-haired dachshund named griffin . he's always right at my feet and i adore him completely . i would love to own a pet rabbit , but as griffin thinks he is some ... writesomething.net theebooksbay.com mixtapemadness.tumblr.com writeordie.com tastekid.com tehcake.com pandora.com urge to create i thought i heard the door open , oh no , i thought i heard the door open but i only heard it close . i thought i heard a plane ... when you plant an herb garden and then proceed to become too attached to the plants to actually eat them . sigh . i should've known better . public speaking , spiders , never feeling a sense of belonging . oddly enough , the idea of death is comforting to me . restless . i need to retreat from the world for a while to balance out my nerves . '