' enfj resting steve job's personality type on the fact that he is pushy and then associating that with se ... you must excuse my response boolean 11 but that's just silly . te and se acting together form a ... more and more leaning towards entj ... 21.55 i just watched the whole video and i think i can come up with some valuable insight based on my previous experience . when i was younger there is not doubt that i was introverted . i was shy around ... totally ni if you looked thoroughly enough you would have seen where i describe his use of ni on multiple occasions . also you asked me to point that out so you're the one that has to defend why you think ... i've given numerous examples earlier in this thread so take a look for yourself . . you clearly don't intuitively get that he's an intj ... everyone wanted to say it no one manned up that's right ! come on ... n might not mean smart but does sheldon ever hint at protecting the establishment ? does he not belittle all those who perform mundane day to day jobs ? i want you to name me one istj ... ni : it's like starting from a point , a general idea about something . then ni starts to dissect this idea , dive deeper and deeper uncovering more truths as it goes along . contrary to ne which would ... from my personal observations : ceo - entj , intj visionary - intj , entj , entp inventors - entp , intp pr people - esfp , esfj , enfp , enfj marketing - estp , esfp accountants - istj middle ... sherlock holmes 2 hello intj brothers , not to say this is a movie you would enjoy but i very much liked it . for the most part it was due to the main character and most of all the antagonist . whom ... what i'm getting from this is that cultural influences may change the order of your functions to make you a p or a j but won't necessarily change what functions you have initially . then again in the ... “ he who knows not and knows not he knows not : he is a fool - shun him . he who knows not and knows he knows not : he is simple - teach him . he who knows and knows not he knows : he is asleep - wake him ... - brilliant - shy - inventive - quiet - non conforming - independent yes i was waiting for your comment childofprodigy ;) thanks for the feedback . i have to agree with your observation . it turns out that i have a korean friend who scores sj as well but that's not ... reading over various websites on the statistics of the mbti and how these types are distributed , i got to thinking that the results may be from usa surveys . now , i am very curious as to how these ... i agree with every point you made serial hero . the one that was the most obvious yet you didn't address is ; - the blind submission to authority by the masses and the self inflicted ignorance to ... that's true , vegeta was above all ambitious and planned for everything . i didn't think of this one before . because shes an amazing gamer , has good coordination , is dramatic and aspires to be a performer ; to name a few . as a follow up to my post a few months ago , it has now been a month after my competition and the result was just what i planned . first place in my weight class , first place over all , and first place ... well i'm curious , what change should the world see in your eyes ? already started sweetheart , a group of entj's began working on such a thing earlier this year ! what vision of a new world do you imagine ? how do you want to change things loyalgirl ? no offence mk but you entj ladies are in short supply . still to comply with your request i'll add this one 6 . wish i met an educated , strong willed entj woman to complete me ! @ soured lie it appears that i've found my soul mate ^ ... too bad you're a dude are there any female entj's that share his views ? 1 . i am fearless when it comes to people , that is to say that i am intimidated by no one . 2 . this fearlessness allows me to unlock a lot of mental barriers that would hinder most people from doing ... this is all a load of hokum ... that is all . haha so that's what that is ... i have no idea why it's called a loop tho , like what is actually happening to those two functions and what about the introverted functions , dothey just disappear for ... i never heard that one before , what is it that they do or say exactly ? i posted this thread knowing exactly who would respond since i posted it in the nt forum . i posted it to follow a trend i noticed throughout the forum . i've seen this question arise many times on our forum , so i was curious as to what you all thought of us . be brutally honest without unnecessary insult . thanks ladies and gents ! at times it can be difficult to balance my ambitions with present interactions because i'm so focused on what could be that i sometimes miss what is . having a well developed se counters this . is it safe to say that intj's are suited to score higher on arbitrary tests of intelligence quotient then ? one of my good friends is istj and i have to say that i love the guy . so much can be learned from someone who operates differently from you and i make sure to keep our relationship a intellectual ... 100 % true for me i came up with this thought just a few years back . the implications are mind boggling ! just the fact that , any choice you make no matter how unpredictable you try to make it seem ; can be traced back ... ... i have to agree with this world view our greatest fear is that we are inadequate , but we are powerful beyond measure . everyone perceives . not everyone perceives at the same level . i like to use the analogy that in every one of our ... that's just great man ! though in social situations fe should help you out right ? of course unless it's underdeveloped . yes yes , with every inch we just feel 15 feet taller you definitely reak of fe . < i said that only because i suck at using it and therefor all fe users suck :P isn't it great to find out who you are though ? that being said , it's up to us to bring order to that chaos . as it appears , the universe has finally awoken ... or is our freedom of choice just an illusion and our very decisions can be traced back ... how did you come to this realization ? intj's ? great people . where would we be witout them ? if we consider the tremendous contributions they brought to society , it's clear how much we need their vision and foresight . this is a hot and stimulating debate ! keep it up also , it seems to be answering the orginal question posed by the thread . i'm not denying that it's important to have balanced cognitive functions ! not at all . i made an observation based on what you said and i don't expect anyone to make assumptions about my stance on the ... if you associate mental health , stability and maturation as characteristics of fi then i suppose so . though i'm curious how you came this assumption . comparatively are you saying that te users are ... this is a great idea for a thread ! it should be noted also that ; for these individuals who reached their full potential , their suppression of antagonist functions is apparent . ex : napoleon ---> ... '