' its really a no brainer , of course it would be normal and by society's standards today it probably is normal . grey suit clock . tick tock . times skips a few seconds . the walls echo . nothing less admirable than a old worn out grey suit , but i'm wearing it today . the end 88 i would go with the caregiver type but i'm not that much educated about personality types , just putting it out there :] glad to be here ... * phew * you could go out somewhere to eat , maybe have a couple of drinks with some friends , or a friend . mushrooms . cheddar . biscuits . cupcake's custard ! ! anyone else vent in a shopping list ? it's like , i was that lost for words lol washing up the dishes from last night . true , control is part of it . it's never a good idea to be desperate , it actually leaves you less likely to succeed in my opinion . ego , yeah . that's another story :] not much must like biscuits :p knows that a sil-ver-back is a gorilla mexico the dr's appointment a week ago wonder women . enxp , maybe ! entp could-be it that , i have nothing that that random to say right now . it would be arrogance , i guess . think about this way , the poor are actually on the move towards money as long as they have the drive and are in motion , do you see it ... ? don't give in to negativism , delay-ism , cynicism , mediocrity or a verbal bullying person at any time , trust . that guy is not turning america great again ... never been to america . entp it would say .. do not disturb . enfp if it's okay with you . istp i was in a big empty house ; walking around and then cooking . don't know if it mean anything tho . like i do drink , but its not always a good idea for me , especially since i'm on medication . not an intp tho . actually , that is a nice house there ^ ^ ^ be quiet ! ! ! i try not to drink . hi . i'm illz . glad you here . occasionally . a little discomfort is cool . its not your country ! your taste is inadequate too . vitamin d . and walking the dog at the park . its okay . didn't make it pass higher education , really . definitely prefer logic to creativity tho . '