' one of my best friends recently got in touch with her childhood faith ( christianity ) and is most definitely diving head first into born again christian-dom . i grew up in the church and am very ... oh the joys of the infj / enfp relationship . for a minute i thought you were my husband . i'm also in an infj / enfp pairing . he would likely say some of the same things . short version : enfps & ... i compare us to kaleidoscopes . it's not really that we're that complicated , it's how we're reflected back to others that's confusing . kaleidoscopes are just beads in a plastic tube surrounded by ... what to say : i'd never go through your stuff , that's private . what not to say : you wouldn't understand . aw shucks i wonder what word means more than love how do you express it when you've expressed it , and still have more to say ? intuition is knowing something without being able to pinpoint why . jung talks about intuition in terms of intensity of mental perception ( for the most part subconscious ) . i think intuitives ... [ snip ] i sell land . sometimes lines cross and the water just gets too merky . you're not good for them , they're not good for you , everytime you get together there's an enormous amount of bad energy . no point trying to ... subject : invitation to run away with me . hubz , you are cordially invited to abandon your office tasks and meet me at the shell gas station at the corner of [ street name ] & [ highway ] at high ... contextualizing the surputoulous extremidies i abjure the inchoate surreptitious staid subject of the underlying inner sycophant ... celery dust ... with utmost vex veracity ... my little pony ... o thee ... lol yeah i'm really bad about this too . i cycle through hobbies & interests ( drawing , writing , book binding , painting , gardening , dog training , beadwork , sewing , guitar , piano , violin , yoga , ... i like halloween . mothers day is ok for me . i don't have kids . so for the greater part of the last 27 years it's just been an enjoyable scramble to find something for my mom that she'll like & ... if i had a catalog of sexual interests / preferences , this would be the room it'd be locked in .  ... i love you and i think about you all the time . i love walking dead . exactly . except i like zombies . ... cinderella ... so ! xd great advice ( above ) . college was absolutely crazy so i can empathize . get good sleep . it might sound counterintuitive to go to bed when you have class the next day & need to finish ... for me ... this wallowy draining self loathing state is kind of my normal state . it's my reset . it stems from one of two things : goal failure or social overstimulation . social overstimulation ... i'm borrowing this from icyshiv ' s beautifully created thread . what are nice girls to you ? go ! mbti was used as part of the hiring process at my old company - not to eliminate / exclude , but for personal development . it was a small company and the hr department / upper management was into that . ... for mbti scientific purposes ... the guy in the middle ( my hubby ) is an enfp it's a nice compliment . ok i'm about to get really vain here . just bear with me . my mom is pretty ... tall , huge blue eyes , legs for years , smile that could knock you to the ground . and ... well here are my two cents for whatever they're worth ... back in the day ( when i was single ... that was back in the xanga / myspace days ... just after dial up ... some of you probably remember ) i ... congratulations ! :) tell me how you like married life . it suits me . i'm the kind of person who orders something off the menu at a new restaurant & if i like it , that's all i'll ever eat there . wasn't ever much one ... this is wise . it's good to find peace in the balance . although the world is full of suffering , it is also full of the overcoming of it . careful gentile patient precise introverted beautiful sensitive inclusive creative contemplative you'll do great . just start by asking tons of questions and listening . find out what music they like . find out who their friends are & their backgrounds . find out how they spend their time and ... aw this thread is so sweet as close to never as possible . i hate being embarassed . it's a big friggin deal . being able to mess up & laugh it off is a great characteristic . wish i had it . i can be a little uptight . elephant :) ! i do too . i think , most absolutely yes . when i found someone who's world clicked with mine we married ... four years later . most definitly can't be rushed . and just know you might not know in the first ... infjs are notorious for championing a cause . and when we're not sure of our cause we float about like lost ships at sea , unsure of our purpose in life and generally pretty down in the dumps . if ... this is a great thread . my company builds houses and most of the people who buy with me are building from the ground up ( 4-5 mo process ) so we get to know each other pretty well . they tell me how ... nobody wants to be with someone who is embarrassed to be seen with them . you really only have two options in that scenario : change the person you're hanging out with or change the way you see them . i'm going to go out on a limb and say yes . but if someone is in search of a mate they'll have a different frame of reference . for me , i have a mate & my standards for beauty are pretty ... - what are 3 things that annoy you ? 3 alarm clocks - do you exercise regularly ? yes . lately it's hiit x2 / wk & ballet x2 / wk . ballet is new . i've only been doing that since dec . in the past it ... hahaha ! very 007 of you . i saw a butterfly get stuck in a flower & lose it's leg . i'm serious . luckily i had a witness . and she said , perfectly straight faced , i wonder if butterfies get workmans comp ? :) ... well . only james bond is good at doing everything well without practice . the rest of us have to earn our skills . it's like driving . the first time you're awful because you have to focus on ... if i dated me ... our cell phones would never be charged , we'd routinely overwater the aloe plant , the internet would be overloaded & our fish would be dead . plus there is only one properly worn in ... slight left for me , consistently . i have vertical envy . life since december has been a whirlwind . i feel bad , like i should go around saying things to people and letting them know everything's okay and maybe filling them in on what's happened . that ... ? faking cancer takes the cake . i was mean to my parent's sos after the divorce . when my mom started dating new guys they were nothing but nice to us but i was pretty evil to them . ie . oh . you ... '