' 10/10 kinda reminds me of the end by the doors 9/10 neat , very eary 7/10 it was neat but could've needed a bit more power in order to compliment the rough guitar 9/10 pretty good , i like the baseline and the singer is also really neat that might be as it is but you should be focusing on more important things ( my mother nearly everytime that i talk about something that interrests me ) are you all right ? come on smile a ... very interresting ( though it sounded a bit to country for my taste ) 8/ 10 it's simple , i will post a song just to start this thread of . the person who replies to my post rates the song that i posted ( how you want to rate it is up to you ) and posts a song himself . this ... 1.pink floyd 2 . radiohead 3 . beck 4 . sigur ros 5 . peter licht 6 . björk 7.ice house 8 . the smiths your name tells people that you are polite and cultured . you are well mannered and always act appropriately . compared to most people , you have a much broader view of the world . you are truly ... relaxed yet slightly nervous david bowie , the beta band , pink floyd , die ärzte , peter licht , wir sind helden , rammstein , the beatles , mgmt , daft punk , erik moilanen , iron butterfly , the smiths , eminem , die prinzen , ice house , ... first result : - 115 extremely opressed after overthinking two realy vague questions : 115 sith lord privilege ok ... that's why this test is not that reliable . it is far to vague on certain ... i present to you : the results of iq tests which i took in the past : 2009:96 ( profesional ) 2011:114 ( profesional ) 2012:109 ( profesional ) 2013:129 ( internet ) so i gues my iq is about 110-105 i am the one who imagines himself falling into the empty void that is space while watching the stars i am the one who listens to the music that he listens to because it sounds good regardless of who ... i have to agree with you . it also strikes a chord with me the only living boy in new york by simon and garfunkel ( from the garden state soundtrack ) ok , ... here we go titel - artist ( reason why i like it ) feel good inc . - the gorillaz ( the back and fourth beetween the hard - sounding rap and the trance-like guitar makes this songs sound just ... 1 . a clockwork orange / the lion king 2 . donnie darko 3 . ed wood 4 . the big lebowski 5.the end of evangelion 6.watchmen 7.metropolis 8.kill bill ( vol i and ii ) 9.brazil 10.hot fuzz manic depressions . editing a video , the nightsky , the moon , watching or listening to someone who is more experienced than me but still nort even close to the top of the mountain , listening to the rain , listening to ... micro man - can controll all organisms which are made out of one cell in a radius of one meter around him . j-man - he can walk on water . however the surface needs to be perfectly undisturbed . one ... well here is a list of book which i read during this year : 1984 by george orwell ( amazingly frightening and fascinating at the same time ) a clockwork orange by anthony burges ( the movie had a ... director : sanley kubrick fritz lang terry gilliam actors leonard nimoy patrick stewart arbery morris malcom mcdowel 1 ) how old are you ? 18 2 ) what sex are you ? male 3 ) what grade did you complete ; if you went to college , how many years did you complete ? sorry i am not from the usa ( different school ... ( gulp ) . my diary , yes . or as i like to call it : all the things that i am embarressed about nowadays but wasn't when i was 9-14 years old . it includes among other things : - love lists : top three of ... my big brother : enfp ( he is the textbook definition of an enfp ) mother : isxj ( can be kind of stressfull sometimes ... but i do respect her alot for being a teacher ( german and history ) ) sister : ixfx ... my big brother : enfp ( he is the textbook definition of an enfp ) mother : isxj ( can be kind of stressfull sometimes ... but i do respect her alot for being a teacher ( german and history ) ) sister : ixfx ... well here goes nothing nowadays i don't cry as much as i did a few years ago . i guess i started to avoid crying during the midst my teenage years . ( could have been because of this html website which a bully in my former ... well mostly these two :  filming and editing . imagine the following , it's 10 pm ( weekend ) i am just sitting there in my room , watching and / or listening to stuff via computer . suddenly an idea crosses my mind , i grap my ... well there are two compliments that i hold in high regards . my english teacher's opinion about my ( as well as my team mates ) performance on the spoken part of the final english exam . ( mind you ... don't even get me started on this subject . i basicly transform into a one man version of soultrain whenever certain unresistable music comes on . ( mostly if i'm alone though ) . just to name a few of ... here we go : radiohead , modest mouse , die ärzte , peter licht , wir sind helden , david bowie , the beatles , the who , iron butterfly , pink floyd , björk , daft punk , mgmt , smashing pumpkins , blur , ... when you accidantly kill an innocent person in assasins creed and you feel sorry for him or her . or when you start to actually sympathise with your target during the dialogs that you have with ... i used to burst into tears whenever someone ( older than me ) yelled at me . i think that i gained some confidence for these kind of situations during the last five years . ( note : i am 18 now , so do ... the seeker by the who 1 . a clockwork orange / the lion king 2.donnie darko 3.ed wood 4.the big lebowski 5 . wolf of wallstreet 6.waltz with bashir 7 . dancer in the dark 8.kill bill vol . 1/2 9.brazil 10.metropolis 1.sleep/dreaming 2.music 3 . daydreaming 4.rain 5.reading 6 . laughing so much that you start to cry 7.surrealism 8 . a good pasta based meal 9.movies 10.agressivly dancing infront of the mirror ... well that would be an interresting topic for a poll . i myself am bisexuall and doubt that there is a connection beetween mbti type and sexual preferences . well ( i'm somewhat in between intp and infp btw ) , not really cute but my big brothers girlfriend remarket that : at times ( especially at big social gatherings ) i seem to look like a sad little boy ... so ... let's start with some basics . hello everyone , my name is jan ( pronounced like yan ) i'm new here ( duh ) . also i'm from germany ( you know the country which is known for such wounderfull ... '