' shameless nation isfp ( that was quite lovely ) i have the most god awful memory , so i can't really recall any embarrassing moments for me at the moment , but i do somehow always manage to trip over myself in front of others countless times - - ... good morning all . i keep missing the garbage can . there are crushed , empty water bottles all over my floor . i am too engrossed into homework to go and pick them all up ( well , sort of , since i'm ... i don't think anyone's thoughts would be socially acceptable . i mean , children ? ? ? yeah , maybe , because they're innocent enough ( and this is a generalization ) . there's just so much your mind has to ... it still feels like monday , honestly . time is weird - - or rather the social construct of it . we have all these labels , but the only thing really making me aware of time is the sun setting and ... the only thing making me be able to move towards the future is to think about it . i just kinda wanna sleep til i get there , but ey . that's not exactly possible lol the way i understand most infps , they're not gonna go after a relationship if it doesn't have that intense connection . you can say they almost date to marry ( this doesn't apply to all infps nor ... i work full time as a waiter so some of you guys can probably already imagine how interesting that might be to work out fe ( i like being able to make people feel comfortable , but sometimes i worry ... jjcu isfj skeletalz entj i should sleep , but sleep is for the weak need to stop getting shit done last minute i'm not cuddly enough . i feel bad for my partner i can go on , but i'm tired maybe i'll sleep now you've got some really good stuff there , man ... believe me , you deserve a lot of publicity ! and i feel you ... all my concentration just goes downhill if there's singing though :P sir ... i am really digging your style . i've been listening to your brutal edm mix for the past hour , and it really helps me get focused with drawing . that , and i love the different layers in sounds ... pay them no mind . they're not your friends . when they're being abusive to you is a different story though . that is when you should seek help . my avvie : switched from clip paint to photoshop cs6 . still getting used to it , but it's a nice ... i wouldn't choose , honestly . if they grew up learning to abide by my values and formulate their own from them ( trusting it's not anything too outrageous ) , then their personality's good enough for me kinda sad because i want mac and cheese , but i just brushed my teeth . and also it's 4am . i'm quite excited for the future though . currently , a friend and i are in the process of making a visual ... segways and egg rollies ... bc why * rips my face off bc i dont wanna work on this anymore * question yourself why is it you wanna make art . you gotta have that drive ; that passion . for me , i enjoy making people cry . : ^ ) or to put in more eloquent terms : i like having people look at ... inxj anything from youtubers voiced out and inspira is good to listen to while just studying / drawing / writing for me they have a lot of calming , low-medium paced songs reminiscent of something you'd hear ... im rlly gay ahhh , sorry about that . i actually had it in mind to keep my answers brief so as not to overwhelm people , but ... now that i think about it , i probably didn't answer them correctly , did i ? i'll edit ... something that i'll never finish otl i'm just gonna fill out this form since i'm rather bad at explaining myself : 1 ) what aspect of your personality made you unsure of your type ? i wear too many masks 2 ) what do you yearn for in ... yes , because some things are just better off unknown . getting pretty sick of gender stereotypes these days . getting sick of the whole boy / girl thing in general . isn't gender just a way of thinking ? i dunno , i just wanna tear down all these black and ... yeah , i suppose . i try to be as courteous as possible and kinda smh at people who don't bother try to say thank you . dear infp , i often wonder if i'm good enough , and you probably think the same way with me . we're pretty much like telepathic twins , but even still . we both have our misunderstandings . i'm so proud ... waaah , i love everything i've seen here so far ! keep up the good work , guys :D i'll share a couple sketches i drew the past couple weeks : ... dragon rider hello , thank you for your reply ! i think thatx 92s mostly fault on my part since ix92m not giving enough examples of se-ni or ne-si : 0 if i understand correctly , ni works as ideas that ... what will i be doing ten years from now . it's an interesting but scary thing to think about . kind of sad as well because time tends to take things away from you . as much as i want to hold on to the ... usually inspiration ! so much inspiration . if only i was good at writing them down though . i usually have no problems falling asleep , but if i do stay up , it's because i want to keep drawing . i have ... thank you everyone for the warm greetings ! ! * bows * everyone seems rather chill here so far , i like ! :) hey guys ! thanks for the replies ! i'm not gonna settle on isfj just as yet as compared to my isfj roommate , we're quite opposite in how we do things . : 0 and i am not sure if this is an isfj trait , ... thank you both for your input ! :D infp and isfj , eh ? the two seem totally different from each other , but i can see how they can fit . i do think i'm an fe user though . like antipode said , there is nothing wrong with being shy , it's the ' why ' behind it that you gotta question . i do see it somewhat as a negative trait since it can cause all sorts of problems ... gross , gross , gross gross the feeling that you will never amount to anything or make any sort of impact on anyone or anything is something that ... does it hurt ? i am pretty apathetic to the ... hey ! ! nice to meet you too ! thanks a bunch for the welcome ! :D ah , i enjoy a wide variety of art styles , but what always gets me most are the expressive ones ( rather than hyper realistic ? ) . i do ... i've been interested in mbti for quite some time now ( i think maybe 6 years ? ) , however , i still cannot grasp which personality type i am . i know the mbti shouldn't be taken too seriously , but i would ... just another random person here trying to discover more about my personality type . i'm a 4w5 sx / sp in the enneagram ; have no clue what my meyer briggs type is though . nice to meet you all ! :) i'm not ... '