' okay , that was fucking hilarious ! i'm mad that i haven't seen it before so thanks for posting it . this one i occasionally use in the morning as a kick in the ass to leave my house . ... do i put off a chance to buy dr . pepper ? no . i actually enjoy running through stores since i normally have the same exact list whenever i go . the only time i put it off is if i know that it'll be ... not too sure if i have an opinion either way but this post just made me laugh out loud . just let my mother use my computer this morning and now i'm pissed that she closed all windows and programs so at the moment : 2 windows with 2 tabs each normally i keep a few windows open for ... that fact that i read the title of this thread as , female intp loves lives twice should give you my answer . haha i'd be up for it . i've actually caught myself staring at how pretty they ... probably should've mentioned at least something ( comments , questions , articles ... ) for people to start commenting on , if you're bored . or we make this thread about how awkward it is to initiate a ... hybrid - original sin & enjoy the silence cover  the score was in the 87th percentile and i had to use every damn second of those 20 minutes to finish it . while taking it i was certain that i was going to get a terrible score so i had to give ... but please don't let the idea of i have time keep you from experiencing and doing more things now . i think of it as the more you experience now , the more you can become . please don't spend any money on that unless you enjoy the games or you have seen it actually help someone . i haven't done much research on it but i don't think it does as much for your brain as they ... misreading the title of this thread made me picture chris christie , staring in ain't misbehavin ' 90770 femininity has always confused the shit out of me so i'll just use the things that i can remember people telling me and other girls while growing up ( and occasionally now ) . brainstorm : ... i picked the 7th image and the description was mostly spot-on . why it attracted me : 1 . my favorite colors are ( any combination of ) purple , blue , and black 2 . i favor thin lines and swirls over ... 9-5 even without the extra money . i'm far too disorganized at the moment and i quickly find comfort in having a job with set tasks and deadlines . as long as i don't have to constantly talk to someone ... this popping up in the parade . i will admit that it's a pretty catchy song though . ( extra chuckle at 1:11 ) you made it weird #182 : jordan peele « nerdist dunno , but i sure ass hell am one . yeah . so far it seems that way . well , i'll try to kick it off . last born of 3 . the oldest being an enfp and second to oldest an infj . with entj and entp parents . wondering if different family structures here have some connection to typing . do you have any raisins ? no ? how about a date ? in order : drinks , anything i can unbox ( love the feeling of unboxing ) , very well thought out gifts , food , fall / winter clothes ( not including trying them on ) , big shoes , things that need to be ... lol great . thought i was alone in that one . totally ! recently learned that trick and it works nearly every time . since i have issues shifting tasks and dealing with the idea of commitment telling myself that i'll do something for a few minutes ... i crave it mostly in social settings of people i'm comfortable with usually in pretty big doses . i don't know if it has anything to do with being the youngest of 3 in my family and not being taken ... to try to keep with my goals i have been making a chart of all of the things i want to accomplish or become in the next 2 weeks , months , year , 2 years , and 5 years . i try to keep a daily morning ... i don't know about supremely athletic but even in my current sedentary state i seem to have a lot more muscle mass then most women and often build more without noticing . those symptoms are ... of the ones you've listed i only listen to the nerdist but thanks for that list . i'm totally going to download some for later . a few years back i listened to diggnation , tekkzilla , and others from ... top : notes taken during class bottom : reading notes 66244 lol a pro hm ? great , always nice to find others . wow and i thought my full length mirror leaning on my file drawer was bad . lol do you pen spin ? idk if this will work but you can try to make a list of the difference between speaking in front of a few people versus a whole audience and why you feel that it will make a difference . or maybe you ... 5 ' 4 ( 163 cm ) 122 lbs ( 55.3 kg ) i've been in bed typing for the last 4 hours and i haven't stopped moving either one of my legs the entire time if that helps .  why haven't i been told about show ? ! ( one of my favorite episodes )  i really don't think its a good idea to always do anything . trying to talk with my esfp niece can be frustrating as hell ( though it could just be her being in her early teens ) . emotions take part in ... with my . 5gb of ram : personality cafe , the physics classroom , all have been opened since i've been home so about 1.5 hrs . i'll be attempting to achieve ... 3.5 minutes in i can't stop watching these . it's honestly been two hours . the harlem shake v2 - youtube harlem shake v5 ( collegehumor edition ) - youtube harlem shake ( late night with jimmy fallon ...  61743 it's snowing again !  any physics tutors with some free time ? lol i love this one . '